this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're broadcasting from
San Francisco the site of this week's
global climate action summit we begin
today's show behind the scenes of
California's raging climate fueled wired
fires with the hidden men and women on
the front lines of the state's
ever-growing fire season prisoner
firefighters of the 13,000 firefighters
battling blazes across California more
than 2,500 are incarcerated while
salaried firefighters earn an annual
mean wage of 74 thousand dollars a year
plus benefits prisoners earn $1.00 per
hour when fighting active fires
according to some estimates California
saves up to 100 million dollars a year
by using prison labor to fight its
biggest environmental problem in August
California Governor Jerry Brown thank
the firefighters on the frontlines
including those who are incarcerated
heard there's a tremendous effort
fighting these fires and I want to
personally thank all the firefighters
who are on the line the members of Cal
Fire also the National Guard and the
thousands of inmates who are also on the
line fighting to protect lives and bring
these fires to a quick close to the
extent that's at all possible
incarcerated firefighters live in 44 low
security field camps throughout
California including three camps for
women and one for juveniles they're
routinely called upon to fight the
state's most dangerous fires in the last
year alone the state has seen the
largest fire in California history the
Mendocino complex fire and the most
destructive the Tubbs fire in 2017 which
killed 24 people and destroyed more than
5,600 homes in 2017 prisoner
firefighters spent 4 million hours on
active fires as climate change leads to
longer and more dangerous fire seasons
in California and the state's
firefighting agency cAL FIRE is running
out of money
California's increasingly
lying on its prisoner fire force to
combat wildfires prison firefighters
earn time off of their sentences for
good behavior typically two days off for
each day served but critics of the
program say the state is exploiting
prisoners eagerness to earn time for
early release
well the Democracy Now team traveled to
the Delta Conservation Camp about an
hour north of San Francisco Sunday to a
low-security prison where more than a
hundred men are imprisoned we
interviewed incarcerated firefighters
who just returned from a 24-hour shift
fighting the Snell fire in Napa County
we spoke to them under the close
surveillance of prison administrators I
began by talking to some of the
officials from the California Department
of Corrections and Rehabilitation
my sergeant reader I'm the assistant
camp commander and what fire did they
just come in they come home from the
Snell fire and where is this no it's
south east of Middletown burning
yesterday afternoon this started I think
about three o'clock yesterday and I went
up to 1,700 acres about eight o'clock
last night and how important are these
fire camps of incarcerated people to
fighting fires and in California the
enemy fire fighters are the backbone of
Cal Fire they are do all they get the
toughest assignment there is out there
what's the toughest assignment whatever
they're asked to do that's usually its
cutting line where a dozer can't go so
they get the toughest assignments in the
worst conditions 110 degrees in the
middle of the Sun terian wearing two
layers of clothing carrying 40 pounds of
gear and then they have to carry all
their food and water for a 24 hour shift
and then swing a tool the whole time and
you're saying they do the toughest jobs
they get the toughest assignments errors
how much do they get paid a dollar an
hour so the state is really dependent on
these prisoner firefighters definitely
yes make they save a lot of money for
the state you know about how much
I've heard anywhere from 60 to 100
million dollars a year my name is Tracy
Schneider I'm a correctional captain
with CDC our California Department of
Corrections and Rehabilitation and talk
about what happens here how often do
they fight fires how often are they just
here it can so obviously fighting fires
it's it's that's unpredictable last year
was one of our biggest fire seasons 2015
was another big fire season last year
obviously fire season lasted for
somewhere around six to eight months the
Santa Rosa fire the Napa fire these guys
responded to that the Thomas fire down
in Southern California would you call
these men heroes I would yes they do an
excellent job for the state of
California when you see the devastation
in Santa Rosa and Napa last year and
Montecito down in Southern California
with the Thomas fire these guys as the
sergeant said they're the backbone they
do a great job a great job and I
appreciate them after the returning
firefighters have breakfast I sit down
with a few of them under the watchful
eye of person officials my name is Dante
Youngblood
I came to camp 14 months ago hmm
I've been in jail nine years how much
more time do you have to serve one more
year so talk about the work you do here
are you risking your life I wouldn't
well I guess you could say you risking
your life yes but but you're not really
in life-threatening situations 95% of
the time you're not in a
life-threatening situation you in you in
a controlled environment you know you
know if you've been doing it for a while
you know what to do but it's a hard job
for sure because we got to kind of line
the fire could be right there and then
we'd be cutting lying on the fires to
stop it from coming
what do you mean cutting line well we
kind of line with a MacLeod what is it
MacLeod it's a tool is it
like it's like something like a whole
like you're using your garden
we cut line with a 4-foot line to stop
the fire from coming so you've had the
fire as close as like a couple feet from
where we are
yes is it scary well I guess I guess
yeah you stuck when you first started
you will be scary somebody made some of
the other people be scary some of the
crew members but it's too mean no it's
not I just regular to me to me is just
regular work I didn't already program
myself to this whenever we go he just
goes is it don't even bother me I'll
just alright it's just work this work
that we doing last night one of the guys
fell down the hill yes what happened
well Jesus slippery rocks rocks are
slippery he just he didn't feel that bad
it just was a little fall he just
sprained his ankle or somebody it
happens they do happens the trees fall
on you all of that like the last fire
was out I think what a month ago a
firefighter died because it's free
firefighter or a free firefighter
because it's Rafael owning that's how it
goes is it gets crazy out there
sometimes but most of the time is we
know what's going on
are you shoulder to shoulder with the
cAL FIRE Firefighters yes yeah we cut
lying together we'd be out there we
don't they don't
we're not split up from them like we're
not like Oh bragnae mates over here and
they move nice not like that we just we
all out there together we all out there
helping each other like if I walk by one
and I see a Cal Fire or or any
firefighter and they need help or
something with the holes or something
like that I open cuz they help us to we
we all here to help each other and make
sure everybody safe how much money do
you make
when you're fighting the fire yes when
you fighting the fire dollar hour so how
for example last night were you how long
were you fighting the fire probably
twenty something hours so we probably
made $20 $22 $24 what do you think of
that well I don't think I think we
should make of course I would say I was
anybody that got a job you you would
think you should make more I always
thought it was I thought we use getting
$2 until I came to fire account but you
know this is it's cool though I mean we
make it money for something that we'll
probably do for free anyway just for the
time cut so it's alright but I will
prefer yes we get more money of course
anybody would in the working position
will want to make more money so you're
saving the state to say the least a lot
of money some say it's something like a
hundred million dollars a year I don't
know I mean of course that I'm sure but
I mean we we don't even some people
don't even look at it as getting the
time the time cut is more than the money
to us we rather make the money for sure
because we could still send money to our
families we still see a money home but
yeah we only make $1 our on the fires so
how old were you when you first went to
prison I was it was nine years ago I
think I was 2027 did you want to talk
about what happened nah I just made bad
choices has being here at the camp
changed your thinking about the world
yes I mean I could say I've I've learned
a lot just that I can do more than what
I used to do that I can do right I can
do better things with my life and then
just commit crime and do things like
that I figured out I can do a job I
could work I never I never had a job a
day in my life I never cashed the check
literally I never cashed the check in my
life I ain't never used the credit card
that's crazy I love the sound like I'm
from the mountains or something
what made you decide to do this
interview it's the first time you've
talked to a journalist because I might
want to go to Hollywood be actors
something I want to see if I can do it
I'm serious plus I want to try to get
our perspective because I know you can
hear from the guards from other captains
but and then I know a lot of people here
probably don't want to do the interview
probably scared I just don't want to do
it but I'm not doing whatever I want to
do
can you film can you go no fellas give
up you know that's interesting because
in Vermont and Maine they can vote from
jail no no fellas can vote in California
would you like to see that change yes at
this point in the interview sergeant
reader steps in to end the conversation
with Dante telling us political
questions aren't allowed later the
commander comes over yes I'm a
lieutenant Syd Turner I'm the camp
commander here at Delta Conservation
Camp talk about how hard this work is
this is for an inmate in the state of
California this is the hardest work that
you're going to find when they're out
there on the line doing they're doing
the work that they're expected to do
it's it's extremely physically demanding
the hours can be exhausting at times for
example last year when we had the Napa
fires they were actually out for three
days straight because the resources
within the state were so tapped that it
took that long just to get them relieved
and off the lines and they make just a
dollar an hour fighting these fires next
to cAL FIRE Firefighters that is correct
but and understand there's a big
difference between cAL FIRE Firefighters
and an inmate firefighter do you think
they should be paid more the prisoners I
believe that they should make more than
the dollar an hour they've been at that
rate of pay for many decades now at this
point in time so it seems like the state
would be threatened if if people's time
was even cut or if as a result of
overcrowded prisons more prisoners were
released of course they would be the
prisoners who had the lowest sentences
and those are exactly the prisoners who
get into these kinds of camps they lose
that kind of labor the firefighting
labor potentially very much so there is
definitely a need for this type of a
resource the hand crews to go out and
cut line in areas that aren't accessible
to equipment such as bulldozers and
things of that type so California needs
hand crews if we don't have the inmates
to perform that function then they got
to find the labor from someplace else
sergeant reader do you think the
prisoners should be paid more for
fighting fires yes
[Music]
they're doing the same work as CalFire
the firefighters who are free I think we
do hard work I think we hit the harder
assignments nobody else can touch us
[Music]
the question of how much California
relies on prison labor particularly when
it comes to fighting wildfires came
under scrutiny in 2014 lawyers in the
state attorney general's office argued
in federal court that a program to
parole more prisoners would drain the
state source of cheap labor the
California Attorney General at the time
was well now US Senator Kamala Harris
she later said lawyers in her office
argued the case without her knowledge
Harris said the idea of incarcerated
people as a source of labor evokes
images of chain gangs I sit down with
another prisoner who just came back from
fighting the Snell fire my name is Marty
Vinson 25 years old and I came to this
camp about mid July this year what has
been the most difficult fire that you
fought at first I wanted to say I ill
River when I went to dead water last
year that water was a pretty bad fire
but the river fire this year at Delta I
think talk because it was the most like
I guess harms way I've been in it was a
situation where we was back burning and
they had this one of our saw teams which
was my saw me bump down with crew three
to cut on the other side on the green so
where if there are embers coming across
it's still pushed back more to where it
just doesn't catch and a led to a point
where it flared up more than it had to
on the fire that was burning and when it
did that it jumped a line so when it
jumped a line
mind you the puller I left out we carry
a gallon of gas on our back so when that
happened we pretty much immediately have
to run down the mountain and as we ran
down the mountain we ran into the
highway as we ran into the highway one
of the captains ex corded us down the
street but as was going down the street
now the fire jumped from where it was
burning at were supposed to burn at to
the green across the road and within
seconds the whole highway went from
his bright day it's just dark smoke and
fire everywhere so we had to run as far
pretty much down that highway and so it
was green again and then as it continued
to burn in the black was there and it
was safe to go back we actually had to
walk back in there so just being put in
a a bad predicament like that to where
that Adrenaline's really pumping in you
know you try to figure out the best
thing to do because possibly your life
is on the line I would want to say to
River Fire this year was the worst one
for me do you think of yourself as a
hero I like to look at myself as
somebody that I want to be here for
whoever like whoever needs me I want to
be there for them
just last night on this fire we had
somebody who came back not too long ago
where the terrain of where was climbing
up cutting line there was just too many
loose boulders and you know we always
try to you know do what we have to do
but still provide safety while doing it
and it's just one of those situations
where it's no one's fault but it happens
and while there's cutting line of ball
to actually fell and hit him and he
popped something in his knee and it just
swelled up and it came to a point where
they we didn't really have no no answer
to it what are we gonna do how we can
get him out here it's night they don't
do no air lifts at night they don't want
nothing in the air at night so it led to
the possibility of us just bedding down
at the bottom of this Creek and wait -
it's like morning and it was just
something where it's a natural thing
about me I want to be there for people
so I just volunteered and said we'll
look me personally I don't feel like
it's relevant for us to stay down here
so I just voluntarily take my pack off
and carry him up the mountain so you
carried him up from below near the creek
yes the first part was maybe the worst
part it was real steep a lot of people
didn't think it would actually happen
like that but it was something that I
just pushed myself to say I'm a doing I
we went going straight uphill to having
to go side hill which that was another
you know cautious area because the road
was probably like two feet wide so it
was something it took its time I went
from two in the morning to like almost
five in the morning but we got him up
there and now he's back here you're
risking your life here it's exactly
what's going on everything we do you
know no one's really promised to come
back and how much do you make a dollar
an hour when you're fighting a fight
when you're fighting a fire dollar an
hour when you're on typical grade you
make a dollar forty five a day someone
call that slave labor what do you think
of that I don't really want to call the
work slave work but I feel like it's
it's their whole mentality and what
they're they're thinking about the end
of the day no matter what Raza for
incarcerated or were free we're getting
paid a dollar an hour that was Marty
Vinson an incarcerated firefighter at
the California Department of Corrections
and Rehabilitation Delta Conservation
Camp low security prison camp in
Fairfield California where more than 100
incarcerated firefighters are housed
they are in a dollar an hour for
fighting California wildfires saving the
state 100 million dollars per year
special thanks to democracy nose Libby
Rainey John Hamilton Carla wills RL
Boone and Mike Burke for that report
when we come back we'll be joined by
Amica Mota she too fought fires when she
was incarcerated stay with us
you
