this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm not mean che
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
we begin today's show in California
where 17 wildfires are raging across the
state the Mendocino complex fire in
Northern California is now the largest
wildfire ever recorded in the state's
history it has already scorched more
than a quarter of a million square acres
and is still burning firefighters say it
is expected to burn uncontrollably for
the rest of this month and is currently
the size of Los Angeles fires have also
forced the indefinite closure of much of
Yosemite National Park meanwhile the car
fire near red in California has
destroyed more than a thousand homes and
taken at least six lives of the 20
largest wildfires in California history
15 have occurred since 2000 since 2012
there has not been a single month
without a wildfire the three biggest
fires currently burning in California
all started in July which was the
state's hottest month on record
experts say climate change has increased
the length of fire season
this year's fires have already burned
nearly three times as many acres at the
same time last year this is California
Governor Jerry Brown we're being
surprised every year is teaching the
fire authorities new lessons but we're
not we're in uncharted territory since
civilization emerged 10,000 years ago we
haven't had this kind of heat condition
and this can continue getting worse
that's the way it is and some people
don't want to accept that and some
people just outright deny it but I don't
say it with any great joy here it's
we're in for a really rough ride and
it's gonna get expensive it's gonna get
dangerous and we have to apply all our
creativity to making the best out of
what is going to be an increasingly bad
situation not just for California but
for people all over America and all over
the world
meanwhile on Tuesday six youth activists
were arrested after holding a sit and
protests at governor Browns office to
demand action on climate change
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
this comes as smoke from the massive
California wildfires continues to move
north into Washington and east to the
central part of the United States for
more we go to Oakland California where
we're joined by Sierra Club executive
director Michael Brune this week he
wrote a piece headlined Jerry Brown's
last challenge
also joining us Michael Mann
distinguished professor of atmospheric
science at Penn State University author
of the mad house effect how climate
change denial is threatening our planet
destroying our politics and driving us
crazy welcome you both to Democracy Now
dr. Mann I want to begin with you the
corporate media is covering the fires in
California constantly and that's very
important but what is rarely mentioned
in any of these reports is the
connection between the fires and climate
change can you explain what that
connection is what is happening right
now in California sure thing and in fact
some of the networks have started to
connect the dots when it comes to
climate change in the role that it's
playing with these wildfires NBC Nightly
News the other night did have a segment
where they did make that connection well
you know it's not rocket science okay
you know you warm up the planet you're
gonna get more intense and longer heat
waves you are going to get drier soils
because that that heat is baking the
soils baking the surface of the earth so
you've got hotter temperatures you've
got drier soils you've got less winter
snowpack there's less snow falling in
the winter in the Sierra Mountains and
the storms are getting diverted north of
California and we think that that jet
stream behavior itself may have a
climate change connection so you put
that all together and you sort of have a
perfect storm of
when it comes to wild fare you've got
all the ingredients coming together and
so it's not surprise it's not a surprise
that we are seeing these record
wildfires in California in the Arctic
around the northern hemisphere this
summer as a consequence of heat and
drought caused by human caused climate
change well on Sunday just hours after
the Trump administration declared the
California wildfires a major disaster
President Trump tweeted quote California
wildfires are being magnified and made
so much worse by the bad environmental
laws which aren't allowing massive
amounts of readily available water to be
properly utilized it's being diverted
into the Pacific Ocean must also tree
clear to stop fire spreading he wrote
then on Monday he tweeted again Trump
tweeted again quote Governor Jerry Brown
must allow the free flow of the vast
amounts of water coming from the north
and foolishly being diverted into the
Pacific Ocean can be used for fires
farming and everything else think of
California with plenty of water nice
fast federal government approvals so
that were those were Trump's tweets dr.
Mann could you respond to that yeah well
you know it's this is unfortunately the
sort of diversion that we've often seen
from the president misdirection because
the irony here of course is that what
we're seeing has nothing to do with
environmental regulations in fact it's
Trump's effort to eliminate
environmental regulations and policies
to act on climate change which are you
know which are putting us in a
precarious position these wildfires will
only get worse as we continue to warm
the planet by burning fossil fuels and
increasing the concentration of these
warming greenhouse gases in the
atmosphere and the Trump administration
is doing everything it can to scuttle
international efforts and domestic
efforts to act on climate Michael Brune
could you talk about the state level
response to these wildfires
what has governor
Brown's response been and what do you
think can happen at the state level
given the Trump administration's
response there's really two parts to
that question first is what is the state
doing to help to control these wildfires
and respond to some of the
life-threatening fires that we're seeing
across the state and the response really
has been impressive there are more than
15,000 firefighters putting their lives
on the line there are thousands of
families and homes and schools and
businesses that are under threat and the
response has been impressive the
firefighters have all the water that
they need what they need is some support
and they need some respect coming from
the president and people in the
administration but the response has been
heroic very brave and frankly it's it's
been impressive to see the way in which
people have come together to fight this
challenge in this fire season in the
last several fire seasons as well this
these fires are happening in the context
of a big debate here in California about
climate policy and there are two
policies that are being debated one is
the fact that you highlighted at the
beginning of the show which is that
Governor Brown even though he's been a
great leader on promoting energy
efficiency and solar power and beginning
to take cars off the road or move to
electric vehicles under his watch more
than 20,000 new wells and drilling
permits have been issued the state is
expanding oil production in the state
even as they're scaling up clean energy
and so the Sierra Club and hundreds of
other organizations and scientists are
calling for Jerry Brown to begin a
managed phase-out of fossil fuels
reasonably thoughtfully over time to
respond to this climate crisis and then
at the same time there's also a debate
in the state legislature to move the
entire state which is the fifth largest
economy in the world all the way to a
hundred percent clean energy San Diego
has committed to go to 100% clean energy
San Jose San francisco-oakland large
parts of the state at the city level
have committed to move 200% clean energy
we're looking to see the whole state get
off of all
all gasp all fossil fuels and move to a
hundred percent clean energy as quickly
as possible over the coming years so
Michael Brune you began your piece by
saying let me just find it because well
you can tell us how you began your piece
if Donald Trump could take carbon
dioxide out of the atmosphere as
efficiently as he sucks oxygen out of
the news cycle the climate crisis would
be solved faster than you can say Mexico
will pay for that wall and you go on to
say unfortunately even as we deal with
the Trump administration's daily cascade
of corruption crudeness and cruelty the
clock keeps ticking and climate
pollution keeps rising but the math is
merciless if we don't accelerate a
phase-out of fossil fuels then the
wildfires droughts and extreme weather
events currently plaguing the planet
will see mild compared with what's
coming yet you have as the fires are
gaining intensity in California the
Environmental Protection Agency now
under the former coal lobbyist Andrew
wheeler who's replaced the corrupt Scott
Pruett who you really helped to tank
certainly your organization the Sierra
Club by exposing a lot of what he was
doing
the EPA announced last week it's gonna
freeze Obama era fuel economy standards
of 2020 levels in the latest blow by the
Trump administration against efforts to
curb catastrophic climate change can you
talk about what it is wheeler is doing
sure well let me just add one word to
what you said the the EPA will try to
they will try to freeze the US auto
efficiency at current levels right at
2020 levels we will fight them and
dozens of other groups will fight them
as well both in the courts and in the
marketplace what one of what one of the
best things that the Obama
administration did on climate change
probably the best thing that the
administration did on climate change was
to work with the auto industry to work
with states across the country to work
with unions to increase the fuel
efficiency and increase an acceleration
towards electric vehicles so that we
could say
money at the pump we could save a lot of
oil we could import a lot less oil and
reduce climate pollution so of course
the Trump administration is opposed to
that and is seeking not only to rollback
those protections rollback all of those
savings but also crucially to eliminate
the ability for the state of California
and then other states to fight for clean
air and to work with the auto industry
directly in order to reduce emissions
from auto from cars and trucks and suv's
so this is something that is being
challenged by States Attorney General
across the country it's being challenged
by groups like the Sierra Club and many
others we're gonna prevail we're gonna
make sure that these rules are protected
but it's one more fight that we have
with the Trump administration which is
taking us backwards when we need to be
moving very quickly very quickly in the
opposite direction well Michael Mann one
of the causes that you've pointed to for
these extreme weather events that we're
seeing today are changes in the jet
stream could you explain what the jet
stream is and how it's changing and why
sure things so the basic factors are
easy to understand here hotter
temperatures drier soils less runoff
less water running off from the Sierra
Mountains obviously those create the
conditions conducive to these wildfires
but there is this other ingredient that
we think is involved here and in this
whole array of unprecedented extreme
summer weather events that we are seeing
over the past month around the entire
Northern Hemisphere unprecedented floods
droughts heat waves wildfires and what's
happening here is that these weather
systems are not moving along the way
they normally do the jet stream is this
band of strong winds that blow from west
to east and if you're flying in a jet
it's faster flying from west to east
across the United States than in the
other direction because you've got that
tailwind so that's the jet stream the
jet stream also pushes weather systems
from west to east and what's happening
as we melt the sea ice in the
believe it or not what happens in the
Arctic doesn't stay in the Arctic that
warming in the Arctic is actually
changing temperature patterns in the
atmosphere in a way that slows down the
jet stream the jet stream is actually
driven by the contrast and temperature
from the warm equator to the cold polar
regions when you decrease that contrast
by warming the poles more than the rest
of the planet you slow down the jet
stream now there are other physical
processes that are involved but that's
really the key process here and so you
have these large meanders in the jet
stream
you see the jet stream really wiggling
vigorously north and south and that
gives you extreme weather events but the
added ingredient here is that the jet
stream isn't moving along it's not
pushing those weather systems along so
the same locations get rained on day
after day or get baked by the Sun day
after day and that's when you see
unprecedented extreme weather events
like what we're seeing around the
northern hemisphere this summer the
impacts of climate change are no longer
subtle we are seeing them play out this
summer in real-time on our television
screens can you talk about the hot house
state yesterday a group of leading
scientists warning the cascading effects
of melting ice warming seas shifting
currents and dying forests could push
the planet into a hothouse state Michael
Mann yes so that that article it's more
of a commentary than an original
research article you know the the basic
science that's discussed there is
science we've understood for some time
James Hansen the former director of the
NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies
made this point a number of years ago
that if we keep co2 levels elevated even
at current levels and we allow the
climate system to equilibrate to those
high levels of co2 then over many
centuries we lose the ice sheets forests
start to migrate we fundamentally remake
the planet and it turns out that can add
a whole lot of extra warming and that
isn't always taken into account in these
projections you see of the warming we
can expect over the next century or so
there's this longer-term commitment much
of that co2
that we've put into the atmosphere is
going to remain in the atmosphere for
thousands of years if we keep that co2
elevated at levels they are now or even
higher than they are now then we could
see major disruptions in the climate
that again the science there isn't new
but it's important and what it tells us
is not only do we have to cut our
emissions dramatically to avoid warming
the planet more than catastrophic two
degrees Celsius three and a half degree
Fahrenheit we can still do that Paris
will get us halfway there we have to
improve on Paris to get all the way
there we can do that but it isn't enough
just to level off those co2
concentrations ultimately we're gonna
have to pull that co2 back out of the
atmosphere if we leave it at current
levels for centuries we will commit
potentially to catastrophic changes in
our climate well you said Michael man
that if emissions are not reduced a
wheeeeel witness major disruptions in
the climate would you not describe
what's happening now as a major
disruption and if not then what do you
anticipate happening yeah so too often
you know we allow the problem of climate
change to be framed as if there's some
tipping point there's a certain amount
of warming that we go beyond and then
you know we we suddenly have a calamity
on our hands it's much more like a
minefield we're walking out on to this
minefield already and we're starting to
set off some of those mines but what we
know is the further we walk out onto
that minefield the more of those mines
we are going to set off so the only
sensible strategy is to stop moving
forward out onto the minefield we've got
to go back to where we came from we've
got to bring those carbon emissions down
again the Paris Accord gets us about
halfway to where we need to be to stave
off the most catastrophic impacts of
climate change but we're already seeing
dangerous climate change now if you talk
to people in California if you talk to
the people of Puerto Rico people in
Europe people all around the world in
many respects dangerous climate change
is already starting to arrive we're on
this Highway this carbon Highway and we
have to get off at the next available
exit
as we wrap up Michael Brune Governor
Brown is going to be holding this global
climate action summit in September in
San Francisco and there's going to be a
counter summit as well what are you
demanding what are you saying is most
important he do right now and what about
these protests for example of the young
people six of them arrested at his
office doing a sit-in yeah sure thanks
for asking the question well the summit
the summit really is well times I'm
called calling in from Oakland this
morning you can see the fires here in
the Bay Area can see the smoke from the
fires in the Bay Area even though the
fires are a couple hours to the north
and to the east of the city what we need
from Jerry Brown here in the state and
leaders across the country and around
the world but what we particularly need
from Jerry Brown is a managed phase-out
a thoughtful and reasonable managed
phase-out of fossil fuel production here
in the state the first thing you do when
you want to solve a problem is stop
making it worse we need to make sure
that we're focusing both on the demand
for clean energy increasing that as
quickly as we possibly can but also
focus on the supply of fossil fuels and
reducing that as quickly as we can here
in the state we need to be making sure
that we're protecting communities
families homes and businesses many of
them live within 300-400 a thousand feet
of an oil well we should be phasing
those those sites out the quickest any
site that's within 2,500 feet of an oil
well we should be able to phase out the
production of oil from those sites as
quickly as possible and then from a
large-scale perspective across the state
let's think carefully how do we help the
communities that are currently depending
on producing oil in the state how do we
make sure that the transition away from
oil is one that is good for workers and
good for the communities that are
economically dependent on fossil fuel
production we can do this if we're
thoughtful if we're reasonable if we
make sure that we're taking care of the
communities and the workers who
economically depend on fossil fuels but
it takes leadership it's gonna take
leadership from Jerry Brown and so far
he has been absent on this issue
and around the world what we would need
to see much more of is an aggressive
