this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we turn now to the
Nobel Peace Prize officials announced
this year's recipients early this
morning in Oslo Norway region Nobel
Committee has decided to award the Nobel
Peace Prize for 2018 to Denis McGregor
and Nadia Murad for their efforts to end
the use of sexual violence as a weapon
of war an armed conflict dr. Denis
mukwege a founded the Ponzi Hospital and
the Democratic Republic of Congo in 1999
the clinic receives thousands of women
each year many of them requiring surgery
as a result of sexual violence
Nadja Murad is a 25 year old Yazidi
Kurdish human rights activist from Iraq
she was kidnapped and held by the
Islamic state for almost 3 years during
her captivity she was repeatedly raped
held as a sex slave she said in 2009
Denis mukwege he appeared on Democracy
Now along with our guest today Eve
Ensler I asked him to talk about how he
got involved in fighting against sexual
violence same citizenship article and if
you see it's a particularly difficult
situation for the past 10 years I have
been tortured
that will destroy it's a source of
indiscernible Darrell Athenians there at
the beginning of their conditioning
where you're in pickles are in the pawn
shops are coming out and it's very hard
to take me to some laughs take care we
are here because we have help and we
have hope that the world can listen she
you know it is unacceptable it is on a
burner phone so that women are treated
this way who is committing these crimes
by seven armies and each our mission
kapaa me each our group including the
Congo Congolese artists own atrocities
system and I think it is some very big
to because women have even those who are
supposed to protect her if something is
abuser and torture her and talk more
about the city of joy doctormick when
they lost emotionally fun we take care
of women at the hospice physically but
are also traumatized profoundly and it's
not possible you just like that you to
cure them suppose takes time before
sometimes a lot of time come on polish
acid we can only keep them out of the
hospital
so we needed a place where women can
stay taken care of
you listen to me and try to train them
to reinsert socially and to give them
the possibility and the ability to take
care of themself and to be able to fight
in life because they do have some
capabilities witness I have seen amazing
transformations there is an enormous
potential in women that I did not
imagine they arrived completely
destroyed and they fight they fight
between life and death but afterwards
they have an incredible strain the city
of Troy this possibility to say what
happened to them to tell that if they
had the people have tried to destroy
them but we can tell them that they are
strong and can fight that's dr. Denis
mukwege a almost a decade ago on
Democracy Now today he won the Nobel
Peace Prize
Nadja Murad the 25 year old Yazidi
Kurdish human rights activists also won
this is Nadia Murad speaking at the UN
in 2016 before Isis came to my village
there was nothing more important to me
than my dignity
then my mother my dear mother and
although she is now gone My dear mother
is with me here today in soul and in
spirit she along with my brothers and so
many others left this world too soon and
my life in single as a simple Yazidi
farm girl is gone forever the dreams and
hopes of my whole community are gone as
you have the night of August 2014
everything changed - came to
kidnap to murder to rape this was
genocide it is that simple in a matter
of days if not hours thousands of
Yazidis were killed and thousands of
women and children were taken just
because they were yetis I was taken to
Mosul with others I was used in the way
they wanted to use me I was not alone
and perhaps I was the lucky one
as time passed I found a way to escape
where thousand others could not they are
still captured Nobel Peace Prize winner
Nagi Murad through a translator at the
UN and dr. Denis mukwege II we're
continuing with the events ler the
award-winning playwright and author
founder of v-day you just got off the
phone with dr. Ludwig II I've been
speaking to him at the hospital in the
Congo talk about and you've worked with
both Nadja as well talk about dr.
mukajee's work and the work you both
have done together in Congo I just want
to say you know Carl young once said
that surviving this century will be
holding two opposite thoughts at the
same time you know and I'm thinking here
we have the half the Cavanaugh hearings
and dr. McCoy win it so I what I want to
say is is dr. mukwege a and Nadia I mean
it's so fantastic that they've chosen
both a doctor who has been fighting to
end rape as a weapon of war and a
survivor of that and that they've
honored them together because it's such
a model of how men and women should be
working together on these issues across
the world I've been working with I met
dr. McKray in in in 2006 when I was
asked to interview him for the new for
the UN and when I met him I was
overwhelmed by the fact that his eyes
were so bloodshot witnessing all the
atrocities and horrors he had seen he
invited me to come to the Democratic
Republic of Congo tech-savvy they could
support his work and I remember the
first day I arrived at Panzi Hospital
and there were hundreds and hundreds of
women all of whom had been
tortured and raped all many of whom have
been operated on all of them were in the
hospital under his care under his love
under his his magnificent radiant energy
and I stood there and I thought I had
arrived at the end of the world but
there was this man this towering man of
grace and dignity and commitment and
devotion literally sewing up women's
vaginas as fast as the militias were
tearing them apart and desperately
trying to get the word out to the world
that this war this economic war that was
being fought for the resources
particularly coltain which goes into our
cell phones and and computers where
militias are desecrating villages having
husbands raped daughters and sons rape
mothers so they destroy the families the
families flee the militias take over the
minds and they are proxies for
multinationals who then take the coltain
back to us to go into our cell phones
and computers I saw this man who I had
never seen a man like that I had never
seen a man who was literally giving his
life to stop rape to end sexual violence
to call attention to what rape as a
systematic tool of war was doing to the
women of Congo and would be doing if it
were not curtailed to many more women
throughout the world in many more
countries and I have watched him I mean
I have had the privilege of traveling
with him across this country across
Europe across the world Africa where I
have watched him tell his story over and
over at the UN at the European
Parliament's at the White House telling
and telling it and telling it risking
Astrid ization risking criticism risking
his life there was an assassination
attempt on him I think four years ago
where they almost murdered him and
murdered his the driver who worked with
him kidnapped his daughter for 20
minutes and now he is living literally
under security at the hospital no longer
living in his home he is a man of
devotion and I think at this moment he
is modeling a way of being as a man who
is standing with survivors with us and
he said to me this morning he said
this award is not just my award it's an
award for every survivor in this world
every woman who has been working for
years to end this and he said we don't
just need recognition we need
reparations we need to end impunity
because impunity is allowing this to
continue and in continuing as we're
seeing at the Supreme Court if there is
no justice if there is no accountability
this is how rape spreads and we have
seen that over 14 years you know I could
only think you know there was all sorts
of discussions of the short list and dr.
McGee has been on that list for a number
of years he was even the Norway the
Nobel Prize officials were even asked
about why this year and you have to
think about that because among the other
people whose names are being bandied
about for this word today was president
Trump because of the North Korea issue
in resolving that war and you could only
think imagine perhaps someone who said
but look at I mean 16 women have accused
him of sexual assault and the Nobel
Committee is dealing with its own
controversies around sexual assault and
rape and so they went in the other
direction and they honored dr. Denis
mukwege II and Nadja morant who has also
supported Nadia is one of the most
extraordinary brave grace-filled woman
and we had the pleasure of working with
her and supporting a ziddi women and I
got to meet her and I did a piece about
her but she's so young she has been
through some of the worst atrocities but
she has turned her life to voting it to
not only saving the women and speaking
out against the genocide against the
city people but also becoming an
incredible spokesperson and model for
ending the scourge of sexual violence
and used as a weapon of war and armed
conflict and I think this award
hopefully will signal to the world and
particularly to men that there is a
different way of being you know that we
have to honor survivors we have to honor
women like not a mirage you stand up and
we have to say to men there isn't a way
you can act you can devote your life to
ending violence against women
you can delight devote your life to
working with them standing beside us and
you don't become less of a man you
become more of a man and more of a human
I mean you only have to meet dr. McCoy
get to see
the light to see the radiance to see the
love to see the the beauty that pours
through that man who has given his life
to the women of his country
you know today Eve also marks the first
anniversary of the explosive expose in
the New York Times around Harvey
Weinstein really the beginning of the
me2 movement as it's being talked about
today though it was formulated well
before that how far have we come as you
point out the irony of this day the
Nobel Peace Prize goes to those who
fight sexual violence and to sexual
violence survivors and today the vote of
the Senate the first vote the second
supposedly as early as tomorrow not
clear on whether Brett Kavanaugh who's
been accused of sexual assault by
several women will be confirmed to the
Supreme Court it's a good question
because it seems like the white men in
power that Republican Judiciary
Committee and the Republicans are not
getting it are not waking up are not
feeling it or not in tune but the genies
out of the bottle
women are out of the bottle now they are
never going back in and I think whatever
happens with the Cavanaugh hearing it
will never sit right with women of this
country it will never sit right well
there are elections we analyze not only
elections but I believe a fury is being
unleashed in women a fury and a
determination that we will never turn
back from at this point and I just want
to say to all survivors and women out
there this is the this is this is our
crucible moment and we need to after
whatever happens here we need to rise
and make sure the window that has been
opened never closes again it can't
events Larry want to thank you so much
for being with us award-winning
playwright author of The Vagina
Monologues and so many other books her
latest in the body of the world founder
of v-day this is democracy now we'll
link to her letter to white women
against Brett Kavanaugh her position
expressing her opposition to Brett
Kavanaugh but her letter to white women
who are supporting Brett Kavanaugh
at democracynow.org when we come back we
head south to Brazil where major
elections are taking place this weekend
will speak with pulitzer prize-winning
journalist Glenn Greenwald stay with us
you
