this is democracy now i emini goodman as
we return to our conversation with the
Academy award-winning filmmaker Michael
Moore his new film out today Fahrenheit
11 9 I spoke to him earlier this week
your film you start with that remarkable
day but you actually start before and
you were talking about this way before
you wrote in July 2016 again before
Trump was elected five reasons why Trump
will win in it you wrote quote Donald J
Trump is going to win in November
this wretched ignorant dangerous
part-time clown and full-time sociopath
is going to be our next president
President Trump go ahead say the words
because you'll be saying them for the
next four years president Trump you went
on to list the five reasons you believe
Trump would be president Trump's focus
on the Midwest the last stand of the
angry white man the Hillary problem the
depressed Sanders vote and what you call
the Jesse Ventura effect people voting
for Trump simply to disrupt the system
you were predicting this well in advance
and you show anyone who says something
otherwise in the corporate media this
moment of George Stephanopoulos and
Keith Ellison is priceless yes okay
first of all I take no pleasure in being
right I never wanted to be more wrong
when I wrote that but I had just come
back from the UK where my last film
where to invade next had just opened and
so I went and did press throughout the
UK in London in Sheffield ending up in
Belfast and a lot of crowds and theater
screenings with the working class of the
United Kingdom this was the week before
brexit and I saw what I see and hear a
lot in Michigan and Wisconsin and
Pennsylvania and Ohio and elsewhere
where people didn't necessarily like
they were like we're in love with the
idea brexit but they loved being able to
have the chance to go into the voting
booth and throw a Molotov cocktail
into the middle of a system that had
left them broke and in despair and when
we left the UK there just before the
vote you know we were all saying that my
crew and friends wow this just sounds
like many parts of the United States and
if it looks like Breck's that's gonna
pass even though all the polls said that
it wasn't going to we came back here and
of course all the polls you know brexit
did pass and all the polls here were
saying that hillary had it in the bag
the day that brexit pass Donald Trump
flew into Scotland to sell his unit
appreciate sale of his golf course yes
and a young comedian stood up right
before he spoke on this win set this
windswept precipice and said something
like Donald Trump's balls are available
and the golf shop and he's showing these
red golf balls yes with swastikas on
them
you from hungry there are more people
who are trying to warn everybody else to
not treat this as a joke to take Trump
seriously and and so I immediately
started I wrote that piece that you just
referred to and I went on Bill Maher and
I told the audience there that Trump was
going to win he was gonna win by winning
Michigan Wisconsin and Pennsylvania in
the three states electoral states that
he won by and I got booed
I got booed on Bill Maher people did not
want to hear it I said look I'm not
saying because I want that date but I'm
saying it that we better realize they're
having a Democratic convention this week
and they're popping the champagne corks
so as if it's a done deal because
everybody's mindset then throughout
August and September and October was
that
how could she lose to this guy and in
fact she won she won by three million
votes so that part people had right but
I just kept telling people look you're
not you're not looking at the right
picture here you're all liberal arts
majors you suck at math and geography
this is gonna come down to the electoral
college are you counting this yes in
those popular vote polls she was ahead
but that's unfortunately not the way the
president gets picked and because the
Democratic Party and others have led no
fight to get rid of the electoral
college since President Gore won in 2000
you'd think after that people go you
know this electoral college I think it's
time for it to go no now they're been
good people who've got the National
popular vote thing going and they've got
it passed in a lot of states if you
haven't heard of this go on national
popular vote calm we have to get enough
states to pass this law the law says can
I go into this can I just explain this
the law says that if you pass the knob
now in your state that your state's
electors will go to whoever wins the
popular vote and enough saying but we've
got to get enough states that where we
get the 270 electoral votes we've had
got enough states now that have passed
this where we're up to 172 pop you know
electoral votes so we just need enough
states that have 98 electoral votes left
and that's that and now the winner who
actually wins the popular vote will be
the President of the United States so
there's a possibility of fixing this
well having to go through the
imaginations of changing the
Constitution so to get back to what
happened in the summer 16 I couldn't get
anywhere and I couldn't convince
Democratic Party leadership types I I
couldn't get you know people who vote
Democratic to listen to me I started to
feel there I must have communication
skill issues because somehow I'm not
getting the Sarita people you're not
taking Trump seriously and you were
talking about the blue states that yes
that Obama had won that you thought
Trump was gonna win yes right yes
Ohio in your home state and Pennsylvania
Michigan right and I just couldn't get
anybody to listen nobody thought it
could happen because are you kidding
he's such an idiot he's crazy I said
that's why he's gonna win you know you
know understand he's an incredible
performance artist
people love The Apprentice I mean people
between the Hudson River and Interstate
five love The Apprentice they loved him
on it because here's what he did every
week who whoever the biggest jerk was
you know on the show that week got to
hear you're fired
and everybody works with that jerk
wherever you work first that one jerk
and and the cathartic feeling you got
watching The Apprentice of hearing
somebody fire that jerk people loved
that show and they loved from and they
loved hearing him say you're fired and
and it but I couldn't get anybody to
listen to this because on the coasts
within the bubble within the bubble of
the Democratic Party infrastructure they
don't watch The Apprentice they also
don't watch The Bachelorette either by
the way which is
great show I'm just saying then I pay
attention to what my fellow Americans
are watching and listening to so where
does gwen stefani fit into this picture
well once the funny this is this is what
I have known from the beginning of this
is that is that Trump found out he was
in negotiations for reaping The
Apprentice with NBC and he found out
that Gwen Stefani who's one of the stars
of The Voice another show you're not
watching but you're looking at the
audience I'm sure
okay the entire audience the people
watching right now who know that they
don't watch The Voice Apprentice we
can't watch anymore that one's off here
anyways he found out that somebody else
is getting paid more than him on NBC and
not just somebody else can I say it a
woman a woman was being paid more than
Donald J Trump and that you know it
makes him go like this so he decides
that he's gonna show NBC he contacts
another network to put them in
competition for each other for The
Apprentice and then he comes up with
this idea of holding an announcement not
for real just it's gonna be a pretend
thing he's gonna hold an announcement
announcing he's running for president
and he's gonna have a couple rallies and
he's gonna show these networks just how
much the American people love him out
there in that vast wide swath of land
and and that's what he is so that's the
big plan but then he comes down the
escalator makes the announcement and
goes off the rails and starts calling
Mexicans rapists and criminals and
murderers and whatever else and a few
days later people cheering and yes the
people well the people cheering that
people are cheering if you've seen that
Alaska later I think by now most people
seen the escalator coming down with
melania the people cheering down there
are extras and he's paid extras $50
apiece to be there in Trump t-shirts and
holding signs and you know all of that
it's all fake it's all fake it's as fake
as
gold-plated escalator he's coming down
it's gold-plated folks it's not real
gold
because town he says this about Mexicans
and within days NBC fires him they're
bringing drugs they're bringing crime
they're rapists and some I assume are
good people it goes completely against
what he thinks is going to happen and
now they don't want him at all and now
he's lost his job because of his racism
and he's already booked and paid for
these two events I believe one was in
Phoenix and one was in Mobile Alabama
and you know they're paid for they've
rented the the arenas or the auditoriums
or whatever and from now this is the
part that I'm not privy to his
conversations with Don jr. and Eric
although I usually am but not this one
I'm gonna ask you about your
relationship with Jared but that's
coming okay I'm ready for it I'm here
this is full transparency but they
decide we've already paid for it let's
go and do the rallies so they go into
the rallies and we show in the film the
look on Trump's face there's 40,000
people in that stadium in Mobile Alabama
and he could not believe it I mean he's
never been in front of 40,000 people
he's never had that experience like you
and I have something when you stand on a
stage and there's a lot of people okay
I'll it happened to me at the University
of Florida they put they changed me from
the auditorium into the basketball arena
it never had before and and the people
just come to hear me talk and there's
14,000 people in the arena when you step
on that stage 14,000 people are cheering
you're like wow I'm glad I didn't listen
to my guidance counselors and and you
see the look though I show the look in
his face in my movie you see the
epiphany taking place in his head it's
like well maybe running for president
isn't such a bad idea
to hell with NBC in The Apprentice and
he decides to actually go ahead with it
remember early on were pundits and
people were saying there's no campaign
apparatus
nobody charged there's no place how do
you donate to the campaign right it was
all that he's not really running he's
not really wanting to do the job this is
just some kind of stunt I mean it was
kind of obvious to everybody but I
actually show how the stunt got launched
and and and then we end up being the
losers for it in the long run because
because he decides he likes it he loves
these crowds and they just keep getting
bigger and the rest is history and you
have people like les Moonves now
disgraced who is saying things like you
know it's great for us that just may not
be great for America would have thought
that the circus would come to town but
you know it may not be good for America
but it's damn good for CBS that's all I
got this who was the head of CBS and
Jeff Zucker
who is the head of CNN both kind of cop
to the fact that they were putting him
on the air a lot for free he didn't the
pay for any of this it's it's why
Hillary if you look at what she's spent
she spent three well he spent about
three hundred thousand
I'm sorry 300 million dollars she spent
almost a billion on her campaign he'd
have to spend a billion because he got
all this free airtime from the
mainstream networks and and in the film
I show moon this and Zucker yucking it
up over how great is that Donald Trump
is running because it was very good for
business and they sold a lot more ads so
you have the red carpet treatment from
the network so you know wall-to-wall
coverage of his speeches no often I mean
the other candidates like for example
Bernie Sanders got nothing nothing like
this even though he had some of the
largest crowds of any of the candidates
Republican and Democrat and I'm going to
go back to that moment of George
Stephanopoulos and Keith Ellis and the
congressman from Minneapolis yeah so
Keith Ellison is on the Sunday morning
show that George has on ABC and and
Keith says very seriously you know you
should take Trump seriously he could end
up
leading the Republican Party ticket and
George Stephanopoulos just starts
laughing hysterically and our good
friend Katrina over at the nation she's
there on the panel she's laughing I mean
everybody was laughing people watching
the show were probably laughing I mean
nobody really took it seriously because
it just that is not a lot of bad things
can happen in this country that is not
going to happen
this man has got some momentum and we
better be ready for the fact that he
might be leading the Republican ticket
next a few people like Keith Ellison
we're trying to warn people you've got
to take anybody seriously when they when
they say something like this and and I
think I think now after all this time we
realized that that Donald Trump is
always lying and he's always telling the
truth and you have to be able to operate
on both levels with him that's fine well
when he says I could shoot somebody in
the middle of Fifth Avenue and get away
with it you know that he's not going to
shoot somebody in the middle of Fifth
Avenue I hope and but you know he could
get away with this I mean both are true
and and it's it's always that way with
him so so I pay close attention to him
when he says things that sound crazy and
you think he's just being crazy I always
go well you know he may mean that I mean
even in the film when he says that about
we're not gonna arm teachers you know
after after parkland Florida we're not
gonna arm teachers and then and then
within two seconds he goes who maybe
twenty percent of them and then two
seconds later it could be 40 percent it
could be it's like it's like he says one
thing that could be the truth but he
switches it up within seconds this
happens all the time he'll switch
something up the same day or within a
day or two part of that process and this
is the evil genius of Trump is that he
knows how to keep especially liberals
all scatterbrained and not knowing
what's going on with you
you know he said that he said that but
we take we take people when people say
something we take it literally he knows
he can just say stuff get everybody
discombobulated and he becomes the
master distractor he knows how to get
people off the topic and onto something
else so that we won't really be paying
attention to what he's really up to
oscar-winning filmmaker Michael Moore
his new film Fahrenheit 11 9 is out
today we'll be back with more of more in
a minute
