this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman Supreme Court justice
nominee Brett Kavanaugh is confirmation
hearing took a dramatic turn Thursday
when Democratic senators began releasing
confidential documents from Cavanaugh's
work at the George W Bush White House
the move came in response to the Trump
administration withholding more than a
hundred thousand pages of Cavanaugh's
records on the basis of presidential
privilege the Democrats move came
shortly after the New York Times broke a
major story Thursday morning
revealing Kavanaugh as a White House
attorney wrote in 2003 he did not deem
the Supreme Court's landmark roe v wade
abortion rights decision to be settled
law of the land Cavanaugh wrote quote I
am not sure that all legal scholars
refer to Roe is the settled law of the
land at the Supreme Court level since
court can always overrule its precedent
and three current justices on the court
would do so he said California Senator
Dianne Feinstein questioning Cavanaugh
Thursday about the emailing we have an
email that was previously marked
confidential but is now public and chose
that you asked about making edits to an
op-ed that read the following and I
quote first of all it is widely
understood accepted by legal scholars
across the board that roe v wade and its
progeny are the settled law of the land
end quote you responded by saying and I
quote I'm not sure that all legal
scholars refer to roe as a settled law
of the land at the Supreme Court level
since court can always overrule its
precedent and three current justices on
the court would do so this has been
viewed as you saying that you don't
think Roe is settled Judge Brett
Kavanaugh dismissed the significance of
his 2003 email the broader point was
simply that I think it was overstating
something about legal scholars and I'm
always concerned with accuracy and I
thought that was not quite accurate
of legal all legal scholars because it
referred all during Thursday's hearing
judge Cavanaugh also alarm any
reproductive rights activists by
describing contraception as abortion
inducing drugs
he made the comment and a question about
his 2015 dissent in the priests for life
versus HHS case that was a group that
was being forced to provide certain kind
of health coverage over their religious
objection to their employees
and under the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act the question it was
first was the substantial burden on the
religious exercise and it seemed to me
quite clearly it was it was a technical
matter of filling out a form in that
case with that they said filling out the
form would make them complicit in the
provision of the abortion inducing drugs
that they were as a religious matter
objected to in another dramatic moment
from Thursday's hearing Democratic
Senator Cory Booker released to the
public a document that was previously
considered committee confidential the
document described Cavanaugh's views as
a White House aide under george w bush
on the use of racial profiling in the
aftermath of the September 11 2001
attacks on the US this is an exchange
between Booker Committee Chair Chuck
Grassley and Texas Senator John Cornyn I
knowingly violated the rules that were
put forth and I'm told that the
committee confidential rules have
knowing constant consequences and so sir
I come from a long line as all of us do
as Americans and understand what that
kind of civil disobedience is and I
understand the consequences so I am
right now before your before your
process is finished I'm going to release
the email about racial profiling and I
understand that that the penalty comes
with potential I'll sting from the
Senate and if Senator Cornyn believes
that I violated Senate rules
III openly invite and
accept the consequences of my team
releasing that email right now and I'm
releasing it to expose at number one the
emails are being withheld from the
public have nothing to do with national
security
can I ask you can I ask you how long
you're going to say the same thing three
or four times no sir I'm saying right
now that I'm releasing I'm releasing
committee confidential mr. chairman I
know senator deserves to sit on this
committee or serve in the Senate in my
view if they decide to be a law unto
themselves and willingly flout the rules
of the Senate and the determination of
confidentiality and classification that
is irresponsible and conduct unbecoming
a senator in the document mentioned by
Senator Booker judge Kavanaugh said that
although he favored race-neutral
policies and policing there was an
interim question of what to do before a
truly effective and comprehensive
race-neutral system is developed and
implemented unquote well four more we're
joined by Kristen Clark present an
executive director of the lawyers
Committee for civil rights under law
last week the organization released a
damning report on Cavanaugh's record on
cases concerning civil rights criminal
justice voting rights fair housing
education reproductive rights
environmental justice and access to
justice overall and also issued a
statement opposing Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court well
Kristen we spoke to you right before the
hearings began today as supposedly the
last day of these hearings talk about
the significance of what happened
yesterday with senator Booker saying he
was willing to risk expulsion from the
Senate to release these documents
Kristen I don't know if you heard that
question it seems that our guest has
just lost the audio sound as she sits in
Washington but Kristen Clark let me go -
I think yet you're there that now I was
asking the significance of senator
Booker of New Jersey saying he would
risk expulsion to release these
documents
we're being held back this is by no
small stretch one of the most covert and
non transparent Supreme Court hearings
that we have seen in modern time it's
really important to reflect back on what
happened in Prior nominations with
respect to the nominations of Justice
Kagan Sotomayor Alito Roberts the
standard has always been 100%
transparency on both sides of the aisle
there has been great insistence on
seeing the records and documents that
really explain who those nominees are
before the Senate would move forward and
it is astounding to see what it's
happening now with respect to Brett
Kavanaugh the rules of the game have
changed and the Senate is essentially
being forced to proceed despite the fact
that more than 90% of mr. Cavanaugh's
records have not been disclosed and to
add insult on top of injury of the small
number of documents that are available
we see both this administration with the
acquiescence of chairman Grassley
slapping privileged claims and
confidentiality labels onto documents
that make it even more difficult for the
Senators to do their job I am really
pleased that senators Booker and Hirono
and others pushed back yesterday it is
virtually impossible to question a
nominee about their views when you have
a committee confidential label slapped
on to a document that prevents you from
airing the document with the public from
giving it to the nominees so that
nominee can see what you are questioning
him on that you know yesterday I thought
was a transformative moment in these
hearings because this is not business as
usual we have not seen a process where
the administration has deeply entangled
itself in how the Senate Judiciary
Committee goes about it
gravely important task of vetting this
nominee and we're seeing the sweeping
use of executive privilege and on top of
that this committee confidential claim
labeled on documents that are not
controversial at all really because
chairman Grassley and his colleagues
want to railroad mr. Cavanaugh onto the
court they want to avoid a discussion
about his real views on issues like
racial profiling and roe v wade and not
complicating his path to the court well
explain today explain the significance
of what the document showed from 2003
Cavanaugh's own email as a White House
Counsel talking about roe v wade not
being settled law and also in the
hearing calling contraceptive abortion
inducing drugs these documents are
game-changers but we have to remember
that more than 90% of mr. Cavanaugh is
record has been kept in the dark had we
had these documents from Tuesday and
I've been in that hearing room every
single day I think the tenor of these
hearings would have been very different
I think senators on both sides of the
aisle would have been in a position to
really probe and figure out whether mr.
Cavanaugh is prepared to adhere to and
uphold the Supreme Court's precedent
when it comes to roe v wade that email
really compounds some of the other
evidence that has come forth the Garza
case for example in which mr. Cavanaugh
seemed to go to great lengths to deny an
undocumented teen and access access to
an abortion another case where he
allowed employers to invoke religious
reasons as grounds to deny employees
access to contraceptive care and
reproductive access when you put all of
this evidence together it really starts
to paint a picture of who mr. Cavanaugh
is a picture that we could complete if
we had the other nine
percent of his record that the Senators
have been denied access to during this
process I want to go to Senator Kamala
Harris of California questioning
Cavanaugh on Wednesday about whether he
discussed the Muller investigation with
anyone at Casa watts Benson Torres law
firm mark hazard what's the personal
attorney for Donald Trump did you talk
with anyone at castle it's Benson and
Torres you asked me that I need to know
who works there I think you can answer
the question without me giving you a
list of all employees of that law firm
well actually I can't why not cuz I
don't know who works there so that's the
only way you would know who you spoke
with I want to understand your response
to my question cuz it's a very direct
one did you speak with anyone at that
law firm about the Muller investigation
it's a very direct question
right I'd be I'd be surprised but I
don't know when he won I don't know if
though I don't know everyone who works
at that law firm so I just want to be
careful because your question was and/or
so I want to be very literal that's
that's fine I'll ask a more direct
question if that's helpful - did you
speak with anyone at that law firm about
Bob Miller's investigation I'm not
remembering anything like that but I
want to know a roster of people and I
want to know more so you're not denying
that you spoke with my I said I don't
remember anything like that so that was
judge Cavanaugh Wednesday senator Harris
on Thursday again ask Cavanaugh if he
discussed the Malheur investigation with
anyone at Kazu it's Benson Torres law
firm
uh Kristen Clark let me go to you on
this what is the significance here what
is the point that senator Harris is
making look we need justices on our
nation's highest court who will be
truthful of the highest integrity
justices where there is no question
about their veracity and their ability
to always be forthcoming and honest and
I must say that it was painful
listening to senator Harris asked very
clear questions about Cavanaugh and his
contacts with lawyers from that firm at
every turn he just seemed to be
incredibly evasive well let's go to
another turn of of Cavanaugh on Thursday
you a party to a conversation that
occurred regarding Special Counsel
Muller's investigation and it's simple
yes or no would suffice about his
investigation and are you referring to a
specific person I'm referring to a
specific subject and the specific person
I'm referring to is you now that who was
the conversation with you said you had
information that is not the subject of
the question sir
the sir the question is you and whether
you were part of a conversation writing
special counsel Muller's investigation
the answer is no thank you so Kristen
Kennedy quickly if you can explain why
she is asking this question this whole
issue of Cavanaugh was not on the
Federalist Society list of judges to
choose from for the Supreme Court as was
Gorsuch and Trump made very clear this
is the only list I will use and this
issue that came up that Cavanaugh was
added after the Muller investigation
began and was he speaking with judge
president Trump's personal lawyer
expense raises important questions I
mean he did not show up on president
Trump's first or second short list in
which the president claimed that he was
airing to the public all of the people
he was considering for this most
important position and you know when we
look at the
trajectory of what he was doing during
that time period it's almost as if he
were auditioning for the role I mean
he's out giving speeches to the
Federalist Society and the Heritage
Foundation and law schools where he's
airing his views about justice rehnquist
who issued the dissenting opinion in roe
v wade and how much he deemed sin the
hero he's talking about executive power
it's almost as if he were auditioning
for the president and I think that the
president selected him in part in part
because he finds comfort in Cavanaugh's
current views and outlook on executive
power and presidential privilege and and
again you know senator Harris really I
think was getting to his ability to be
truthful which is perhaps the most
important characteristic we just a
30-second justice what's happening today
different people will be testifying for
and against him a park line shooting
survivor Condoleezza Rice will be
testifying for him and do you think this
is going to end today I think it will
end today Grassley chairman Grassley has
been moving at lightning speed to kind
of move this forward as quickly as
possible we'll hear from Cedric Richmond
who's the head of the Congressional
Black Caucus who will raise questions
about cabin on civil rights record the
Parkland survivor will hear from the
attorney for the young undocumented teen
who was almost denied access to an
abortion because of mr. Cavanaugh and a
number of witnesses who that's Kristen
Clark we've just lost her on the
satellite but that's today what will be
taking place at the Cavanaugh
confirmation hearings Kristen Clark
president and executive director of the
lawyers Committee for civil rights under
law we will link to the report that her
group released last week a damning
report on Cavanaugh's record concerning
civil rights criminal justice voting
rights have fair housing education
reproductive rights environmental
justice as well as the statement they
issued opposing judge Cavanaugh's
nomination the confirmation to the
Supreme Court this is democracy now when
we come back the Trump administration
has just said issued a rule that they
will hold
children indefinitely defying the Flores
agreement over 400 kids number of them
under five years old are still being
detained by the US government separated
at the border stay with us
