this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez well in Brazil former
president Lula in√°cio Lula da Silva has
begun serving a 12-year sentence for a
controversial corruption conviction
after missing a 5:00 p.m. Friday
deadline
Lula turned himself in to police on
Saturday following a standoff during
which he spent the night in South
Paulo's Steel Workers Union building
Lula supporters gathered outside many
hoping he would defy orders to surrender
on Saturday Lula addressed thousands of
his supporters and members of his
Workers Party I am doing a very
conscious very conscious thing I told
the comrades that if it depends on my
will I would not go but I will go I am
going because they are going to say
tomorrow that Lula is out of the way
that Lula is hidden no I'm not hiding
I'm going to go there and see their
faces so they know I'm not afraid so
they know that I am NOT going to run and
so they know I'm going to prove my
innocence
they need to know that I want to go
there and tell the delegate I am at your
disposal the history of the next few
days will prove that the delegate who
used me was the one who committed the
crime it was the judge who judged me and
the public ministry lied to me last week
the Brazilian Supreme Court rejected
Lula's bid to stay out of jail while
they appealed his conviction effectively
removing him from Brazil's presidential
election later this year where he was
the front-runner Lula's a former union
leader who served as president brazil
from 2003 to 2010 during that time he
helped lift tens of millions of
Brazilians out of poverty his supporters
say the ruling against him is a
continuation of the right-wing coup that
ousted Lula's Ally President Zuma who
safe from power in 2015 last year who
SEF said quote the first chapter of the
coup was my impeachment but there's a
second chapter and that's stopping
president Lula from becoming a candidate
for next year's elections still with us
in Rio de Janeiro is Glenn Greenwald the
Pulitzer Prize winning
one of the founding editors of the
intercept can you talk about what
happened this weekend the fact that now
former president and presidential
candidate currently Lula is in prison
it's a complicated situation but it's
also extraordinary Lula is a singular
political force his political story
there's just nothing like it the way he
came from extreme poverty and illiteracy
as a child to rule the fifth largest
country in the world through an
overwhelming Democratic mandate to see
him in prison is a shock to the system
it's even more disturbing given what has
happened if you look at the last 16
years in Brazil it's so important to
keep in mind that the Workers Party
which will help found and then lead has
won four consecutive national elections
in this country 2002 2006 2010 in 2014
and the two people who won those
elections and who became president were
the first two was was Lula and the
second two was Dilma last year and or
rather in 2016 DOMA was impeach so she
was removed from office even though she
was the elected president and installed
in her place was somebody who could
never have won somebody who has embraced
a right-wing ideology that would never
have prevailed in any election so the
entire ideology of the country was
changed with no election by removing
Dilma from office even though she had
won two elections and now Lula who not
only won re-election with an
overwhelming mandate but was planning on
running for president again this year
there's an election later this year and
was leading in all polls it was I think
almost a certainty that he was going to
win has now been removed from being able
to run and put into prison so whatever
else is true there are a lot of factions
in Brazil that have spent 16 years
trying to defeat PT at the ballot box
the Workers Party and have failed to do
so and
used anti-democratic means impeachment
and the court system to destroy the
party to destroy the ability of the two
people who have been elected to actually
exercise political power now that isn't
to say that Lula is innocent or that he
because of his political popularity and
the extraordinary achievements that he
was able to realize for this country and
for tens of millions of people who had
been lifted out of poverty under his
presidency that he's above the rule of
law or that he shouldn't be punished if
he's actually corrupt
but there are several corruption cases
against Lula that were always considered
the more serious ones and those have not
yet come to trial so nobody should be
assuming he's guilty of those things
because there's been no trial the one
thing he has been convicted of is this
tiny little case that everybody always
considered extremely dubious that has
been filled with judicial irregularities
that clearly is the byproduct of this
judicial obsession on the part of Sergio
Moro the head judge of the corruption
investigations tuple and President
became a personal fixation on his part
and the evidence that was used to
convict him and the charge was that Lula
received a triplex apartment and
renovations from a construction company
in order to get contracts from Petrobras
the evidence is basically non-existent
that Lula was even the owner of that
apartment or that as judge Morrow
admitted the renovations were done in
connection with getting contracts in
Petrobras so it's all kinds of reasons
to suspect that what's really going on
is politically motivated especially when
you consider the fact that there are
huge numbers of extremely powerful
politicians on the right including the
president of this country who was
installed Dilma's 2014 opponent or a CEO
nevas the governor of San Paulo who Lula
defeated in 2006 or aldo alcaman who's
running for president again this year
who are extremely corrupt among the most
corrupt politicians in all of latin
america who not only remain out of
president free but still in power it
really creates this very strong
appearance that whatever else you think
of Lua and whether he's actually corrupt
is not an act of justice as an act of
political vengeance and a political
abuse of the law to remove a political
enemies and destroy a political party
that they've not been able to defeat at
the ballot box Glenn could you talk a
little bit about the current president
Michel temer and and the corruption
allegations against him and why he's
still remaining as a as president while
meanwhile Dilma was impeached and and
Lula is not prevented from running again
I mean that's the key question right
that's the key question that when you
ask it one illustrates exactly what's
going on here
I have criticism as a PT I think that PT
is a party that does have serious
problems with corruption
I interviewed Lula in 2016 and I asked
him that question and he agreed that his
own party PT has serious problems with
corruption PT the reason people like
Eduardo Cunha
and Michel temer were in power is
because PT created an alliance with them
in order to win the election they ran
with Michel temer who's part of this
centrist party that's really a kind of
party of organized crime
nonetheless after Michel temer was
installed as president when Dilma was
impeached he got caught on tape there's
an audiotape that the entire country has
heard in which he is ordering bribes to
be paid to members of his own party in
order to keep them silent as part of the
corruption investigation so that they
don't implicate other people who are
closely related
literally the president of this country
who was installed in the name of
fighting corruption got caught on tape
ordering bribes to silence witnesses
including Eduardo Cunha who was the
former House speaker who presided over
Dilma's impeachment during the house
proceeding that the entire world watch
and it was now in prison because he's
basically just a gangster he's you know
a member of organized crime that's who
the president this country Michel temer
ordered to be paid bribes to in order to
ensure his silence and yet the same
people who voted to impeach Dilma in the
name of fighting corruption because
they're so offended by corruption the
same people who are today cheering
Lula's imprisonment on the grounds that
corrupt
must not be protected and there can be
no impunity have repeatedly voted to
protect Michel temer the president of
this country from any kind of
accountability they won't impeach him
they won't allow the courts to
investigate him even though everybody
heard with their own ears him ordering
bribes to be paid there's tons of other
evidence that he himself has received
personal bribes and that's why I say
whatever you think of gula whatever you
think of Dilma whatever you think of PT
and there are valid criticisms of all of
them it is impossible to maintain with a
straight face that what this is about is
punishing corruption or subjecting
everybody to the rule of law given that
the political parties most loved by the
elites PMDB and the right-wing PSDB have
been utterly protected with very rare
exception from far worse acts of
law-breaking criminality and continue to
remain in power and run the country and
just to clarify for people PT is the
Workers Party in Brazil Glenn I wanted
to go to the interview that I did with
Lula speaking on Democracy Now just a
few weeks ago and I asked him about the
role of the Brazilian press if we
proceed into eight windows
I was passing four years that the world
Dilma is president for four years and
for 12 years industry all the president
was to try to destroy my image and her
image and the image of my party you tell
you might materials negative of country
me I have negative subject matter about
me and the reading television news
program of Brazil then all of the
presidents in the whole history of
Brazil achieve at the idea in other
words it's a daily attempt to Massacre
me to tell untruths about Lula about
family they're irritated because after
they massacred me for four years
it gives a European public
opinion poll by any polling Institute
showed that Lula was going to win the
elections in Brazil
so that's Lula on Democracy Now and you
can go to the whole hour interview but
Glenn can you clarify the role of the
press and all of this and does this mean
by the way him being in prison now that
he cannot he absolutely cannot continue
to run but talk about the press sure
so this narrative that Lula embraces and
and just articulated it in that
interview that you played with him that
you did is one that he has been that
basically he rode to power which is the
idea that he represents the poor and the
marginalized and the powerless in the
country against these powerful forces
led by the families that control the
media and there is a lot of truth to
that the Brazilian media is probably the
most homogenized most oligarchical most
repressive and most propagandistic of
any media in any country that I've
looked at as a reporter and a journalist
which includes obviously in the United
States on the UK and many in Europe it
is incredibly abusive of the
journalistic function because of the
tiny number of extremely rich families
who control it and who have the same
interest and who use their media outlets
to propagandize the country unlike in
the US and the and the UK and in Europe
there hasn't been the kind of vibrant
well-funded independent media that has
arisen the Internet has opened it up a
little bit but not as much as it needs
and so they do still continue to
exercise although less power than they
did a decade ago very a stranglehold
over public opinion in Brazil and Lulu
and Dillon
are right to say that the media was mana
maniacally devoted to the impeachment in
Dilma and the destruction of PT and
their reputation having said that it is
also true that Lula became somewhat
comfortable with political power and
financial power here in in Bern
and they became someone comfortable with
him it reminds me a little bit of the
Democratic Party I mean Lula began as a
union leader as somebody who came from
poverty as a real radical and overtime
aide compromises in order to moderate
his message and gain power and a lot of
the oligarchs who went to prison such as
Oda brushed and others we're working
hand in glove with PT so this narrative
that it's the elites versus PT is a lot
blurrier than Lula likes to suggest but
he's absolutely right that the media
here is incredibly corrupt they use all
of their power to undermine the left and
to promote free-market candidates
because that's who their owners prefer
because that's who are good for their
owners and they allow very little
dissent if you listen to Brazilian
political television they all you know
are basically endangering their own
necks by risking injury constantly
nodding with one another because there's
an orthodoxy that's enforced in a way
that no other media that I'm familiar
with has the only thing I could compare
it to is the 2000 into your run-up to
the Iraq war well Glenn blew out of
office yep yeah I just wanted to ask
another question before we move on to to
the situation in Gaza which is well how
do you see what's going to happen next
or does the does the Workers Party have
a viable candidate now to run for the
presidency and also talk about the if
you can in just a few seconds the the
right-wing candidate that is being
compared to the Brazilian Trump right
well this is the big question now is
that the there's a fascist candidate and
actually fascist candidate who's ten
times more extreme than Trump on all of
those fascist questions whose name is I
err bolson ro who was actually in the
military during the military
dictatorship that only ended in 1985 and
seems to crave a return of it he praises
the torturers of the military
dictatorship and talks about that era as
though it's something that we want to
return to and for a long time it seemed
like Lula was the only one who could
stop him he's very high in the polls he
has a lot of support because the country
has lost faith and the entire
political lead and now it's a real
question with Lula almost certainly
unable to run who was the left gonna
unite behind it doesn't seem like PT is
gonna feel a viable candidate there are
other parties such as P Saul and PC
Dobie which are on the left and you have
candidates who who has been praising I
hope the left is going to unite behind
one candidate so it doesn't divide
itself and allow Boston ro to risk
winning but it is a real danger that
fascism and military dictatorship could
return to this very large and beautiful
country especially with a little out of
the picture before we go to break you
are wearing a pin Glenn can you talk
about Mariela Franco very quickly we
have talked extensively about her also
with Lula and her assassination just
weeks ago so Wednesday will mark the
one-month mark of Marley's assassination
she was an extraordinary figure as
evidenced by the fact that even though
she was just a city council woman in a
city in Latin America her death or
resignation around the world the more
people got to know about her she was an
incredible inspiration to millions of
people throughout Brazil who have been
traditionally voiceless she had a
remarkable political future ahead of her
she was a very close friend of my
husband and myself and our family and so
far there's been no arrests there's some
indication the police are making some
progress but whoever ordered her killed
is very powerful as evidenced by the
professionalism with which her execution
was carried out and it's absolutely
crucial that not just the people who
pull the trigger but those who ordered
them to do it who are in high powerful
places be apprehended as soon as
possible
Glenn we're gonna break when we come
back we're going to talk to you about
the carnage in Gaza
stay with us
