this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
with updates in the case a former US
intelligence contractor reality ly
winner who's facing up to ten years in
prison on charges she violated the
Espionage Act winner is a former
National Security Agency contractor
who's pleaded not guilty to charges she
leaked a top-secret document to the
intercept about Russian interference in
the 2016 election reality winner was
arrested by FBI agents at her home in
Augusta Georgia on June 3rd two days
before the intercept published an expose
revealing Russian military intelligence
conducted a cyberattack on at least one
us voting software company just days
before the u.s. presidential election
last November the expose was based on a
classified NSA report from May 5th 2017
that shows the agency is convinced the
Russian general staff main intelligence
Directorate or GRU was responsible for
interfering in the 2016 presidential
election reality is the first
whistleblower to be accused of violating
the Espionage Act under the trump
administration
she's been denied bail and has been
jailed since June on Tuesday she
appeared in court in Augusta Georgia in
orange jumpsuit and shackles where her
lawyers asked the judge to exclude her
statements to the FBI agents on the day
she was arrested arguing she was denied
her Miranda rights
well we're joined right now by two
guests in Chicago Kevin Costello is with
us managing editor of shadow proof press
he's been covering reality winners case
and has just come back from Augusta he's
also karat covered several whistleblower
cases including Chelsea Manning's he was
in the courtroom in Augusta Tuesday and
his recent articles headlined in reality
winners case defense seizes upon FBI
testimony to bolster motion to suppress
statements but first we go to Augusta
Georgia where were joined by reality
winners mother Billie winner Davis she's
joining us from her daughter's home
where reality
was questioned and arrested by FBI
agents on June 3rd we welcome you both
to Democracy Now
billi winner Davis let's begin with you
as you sit in reality's home talk about
what you understood happened that first
weekend of June in 2017 walk us through
this well on June 3rd reality returned
from a trip to the grocery store and she
was immediately approached by male FBI
agents at her home they advised her that
they had a search warrant they had
search warrants for her home her car and
her person she cooperated with them
fully
they took her cell phone they took her
keys they asked her if she had a place
if she wanted to basically be
interviewed here at her home or if she
wanted to go down to the FBI office she
agreed to be interviewed here at her
home they asked if she had a place that
they could interview her that was away
from everything she advised him that she
did have a spare back room a bedroom
here in the house she advised them that
she was not comfortable going into that
room she called the crew the room creepy
and weird they nevertheless led her to
that room to interview her with regard
to their investigation this week in
court her lawyers argued that basically
the actions that the FBI agents took
were actions that confined her they had
her in their custody she never felt at
any time that she was free to leave and
in fact her actions during the interview
and during the whole process told them
that she felt like she wasn't free to
leave she asked for permission to move
about she asked for permission to even
use the restroom which they gave her she
was at all times accompanied by agents
and on that day it was 11 FBI agent
that came into this home to either
interview her or search her and so and
it is a very small home and so basically
I I get the impression that it was very
frightening it was very intimidating for
her that day Billie the FBI agents were
armed yes from what we've learned nine
of the 11 FBI agents and personnel here
at her home that day were armed and they
immediately took her cell phone and her
car keys and they said and they took her
into that room that she is described as
creepy yes that is correct that is
correct and at no point did they return
her cell phone to her return her car
keys to her
we saw photographs which definitely
showed that her car was surrounded there
would have been no physical way for her
to even leave in her vehicle if she
wanted to and so the argument that the
defense made this week was it was a
strong one so that she was basically
being held here was she read her Miranda
rights yes ma'am
no she was never read her Miranda rights
and the FBI agents did admit to that
they did admit that at no time did they
read her Miranda rights or did they feel
like they they had to do that and this
is what's at issue is that right
her lawyers want to suppress her
statements to the FBI
saying she was not read her Miranda
rights not told she could remain silent
or have a lawyer with her that's correct
that's correct Kevin gasps Stella you've
not only covered this trial but others
can you talk further about what this
means what happened to reality on that
day it's which goes to you know due
process issues and whether a person has
a right to remain silent one of the
aspects of the law that is at issue here
is something that I didn't really know
until this case existed a concept called
custodial interrogation
FBI agents apparently can come into your
home and if you're not in a police
dominated atmosphere if a court of law
doesn't determine that police took over
this area then in fact you were never
detained or arrested and they can
basically manipulate or have their way
with you and so what the judge is
looking at here is whether enough
factors appear where she is actually in
custody and if that's the case if the
judge agrees with the defense what
they've listed off and what Billy was
talking about then in fact the judge may
rule that her rights were violated and
some other things that were talked about
is the fact that you know she had a
search warrant for her person or the FBI
had a search warrant for her person and
when they came there the government
wants to maintain that they executed it
when they took the cellphone but about
28 minutes into this whole encounter
another agent who did not take the stand
Wally Taylor said something about still
having a search warrant for her person
nobody is free to leave if the FBI still
has a search warrant to execute against
you and so clearly she couldn't have
left her home and just wandered to the
convenience store as the government
talked during the hearing another aspect
that's important is that she was
regarded even before this encounter as
someone who was a danger to the
community that's how the FBI viewed her
they also viewed her as a potential
target of foreign intelligence one way
that the defense really tried to poke at
the government's arguments that they
didn't do anything wrong was to say that
if you have somebody in their home and
they're isolated in this way and they're
surrounded by a surveillance team you're
not really gonna let them leave and go
into the community you know if we're
gonna follow your logic you wouldn't
have let reality win or leave her house
so Billy Winter Davis you know your
daughter well she's an Air Force veteran
her rank senior Airman her last duty
Cryptologic language analyst she had
been stationed at Fort Meade Maryland
before working in Augusta
that military training with having FBI
come in what would be her assumption now
stripped of phone car keys asking to go
to the bathroom right all of her actions
that day and when you read the
transcript and we heard clips of the
audio all of her actions that day told
us that she didn't never she never felt
like she was free to leave and I know in
talking with her shortly after the
incident she did indicate to me that she
was frightened I heard her voice on the
audio I heard it shaking the prosecution
tried to make it seem that this was a
very casual encounter almost like one
that would occur at Starbucks but what I
heard on the audio was far from that her
voice was shaking yes she was making
small talk and she was making jokes and
she was laughing but that's out of
nervousness they they twisted a lot of
things to try to make it look like this
was a very mild encounter that she had
with FBI agents at her home but anyone
puts themselves in her position 11 male
armed FBI agents nine of them armed but
11 male FBI agents have come into your
home two of them have taken you to the
back room in your house where you have
already told them you are not
comfortable you have you are asking
permission to make any movements in your
home she was never under the impression
that she was free to leave and therefore
I believe she was in their custody
Billy Weiner Davis and Kevin gastrula we
have to break we're going to come back
to this discussion belly winner Davis is
a mother of reality winner who faces ten
years in prison she's been now jailed
for nine months brought into a courtroom
this week in an orange jumpsuit and
shackles will also continue with Kevin
gust Allah speaking to us from Chicago
just back from Augusta where the
courtroom scene
out this week stay with us this is
democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I am Amy Goodman we're
continuing to cover the case a former US
intelligence contractor reality ly
winner who's facing up to 10 years in
prison on charges of violating the
Espionage Act she's now been jailed for
nine months on charges she leaked a
top-secret document to the intercept
about Russian interference in this
September in the in the u.s. elections
we're joined by reality's mother Billie
winner Davis and Kevin gasps Toula
journalist who's covering this trial
intensively was just in Augusta this
week in the courtroom I want to turn now
to Billie winner Davis showing Democracy
Now this morning the room where the FBI
questioned her daughter reality
according to you the FBI agents and my
daughter she was with her back up
against this wall and there would have
been an agent here standing here on this
corner and an agents either on this wall
or this wall they're not really sure but
so she was kind of triangle in by the
agents her back up against that wall
again according to her the door was
nearly shut the agents were not clear
their recollection as to whether the
door was shut or not and so when you
think about this room you think about it
empty you think about her in here with
two FBI agents her back against the wall
to me it felt very intimidating it would
have been almost like a jail cell so
that's Billie winner Davis mother of
reality in that back room that reality
called creepy where the FBI held her and
questioned her Kevin gasps Stella
you were in court with Billy's family
with this week in when her lawyer
reality's lawyers asked to suppress her
statements believing that she was not
read her Miranda rights which the FBI
agreed she was not saying she was not
free to leave at least she didn't
believe she was can you describe
unusual it was that reality was brought
in in shackles and orange jumpsuit
you've covered a number of these trials
yeah well I was I was stunned to see her
brought into the room in an orange
jumpsuit I'd covered other cases similar
to this and and I was under the
assumption that she would be brought
into a back room allowed to change into
whatever she wanted to wear and then
brought out in those clothes and when
she entered she had shackles on her feet
she had cuffs they brought her all the
way up to the defense table and then
took the handcuffs off I believe they
kept the shackles on her legs so she sat
down with those and then another aspect
that I found striking was that they had
a marshal there were two u.s. marshals
that were escorting her one of the
marshals sat right in front of her
during the entire hearing as it unfolded
he he was in her face it was never
staring her down but he was succeeded in
a way where his body was turned and he
was looking towards a corner of the
courtroom and and this to me just seemed
to be really am overboard and I compared
it to what I experienced covering
Chelsea Manning's trial and I know it's
far far different but my memory of that
was so vivid of Chelsea just walking in
the Marshall allowing her to take her
seat
there weren't any handcuffs never any
shackles on Chelsea's feet and it just
seems to me that what's going on here is
some serious dehumanization of somebody
right before a judges very eyes hmm and
talk about the fact that she has been
held in jail for nine months
denied bail and how that compares to
previous cases yeah this is very
remarkable even if we just look at
federal cases I know you've covered the
Jeffrey sterling case a CIA
whistleblower who was prosecuted he just
got out of prison in fact before he went
to trial he was not in jail I know
you've covered CIA a whistleblower John
Kiriakou
and he's been on this program he was not
in pretrial detention before he went to
trial or before he had a chance to go
through some of his pretrial hearings
eventually he pled guilty to a charge
and so in this case she's been put
behind bars because the government wants
to argue that she could be a target of
foreign intelligence and a danger to the
community and even more troubling even
more disturbing to me the judge is
allowing the government to argue that
she probably hates America and that
makes her someone who should be kept in
jail and I don't know regulations as
well as a lawyer but to me it seems like
that kind of an opinion shouldn't make
you somebody who is denied bail on top
of that there are several ways in which
you can control the movement of a person
so that they can be guaranteed to show
up to two hearings or to their trial you
can put an ankle bracelet on them which
is one thing that she's willing to do
you can have your passport seized
reality's willing to go through that I
understand that her parents were willing
to put up collateral in order to to
cover the home and and then she would be
put on home confinement and and that
would be a way in order to ensure that
she didn't flee but the government has
crafted the story of reality as some
kind of super spy even though the FBI
agents said in their interrogation that
they didn't believe that she was this
kind of a person they've created this
narrative of some kind of super fun
super spy who possibly you know
sympathizes with the Taliban even a very
obscenely they were talking in court
about how she had done searches on her
computer for how to follow the Taliban
without the government detecting that
and so they're they're really trying to
keep her in jail and and really go after
her and in similar ways that they've
done to other whistleblowers they just
want to quote the judge in this case
federal judge Bryan Epps of Augusta
Georgia us who said his decision to deny
bail was based in part on social media
comments by reality that she quote
admires Edward Snowden and Julian
so if you Kevin gasps Stella can talk
about exactly what reality winner is
charged with what the government is
saying she did accused of gathering and
releasing classified information without
authorization it's it's under the
Espionage Act this is a 1910 Zehra law
we're going back over a century here
originally this would have been used
against the centers in this period it
was a way to go after people who you
know I understand were accused of
seditious crimes and it but in fact in
this case there's no evidence at all
that she had any communication with any
agent of a foreign power there's no
evidence that she was providing anything
to any spies and none of the agents make
that allegation at all in fact she could
have been charged with a misdemeanor
just like David Petraeus was charged
with a misdemeanor of unauthorized
removal or retention of classified
information they chose to go after her
with this felony charge they chose to
continue the same process that was
perfected by the Justice Department
under President Barack Obama and used it
against several individuals while he was
president and they've chosen to really
make an example out of her and and I
don't think it has anything to do
necessarily with the content of the
information it has to do with the
zealous view that the Justice Department
has about individuals who are low-level
employees of the government who engage
in this kind of action and we also know
that that Attorney General Jeff Sessions
is somebody who has a particular disdain
for leaks has always been supremely
disgusted by this and in fact one of the
things that he announced back in August
of 2017 is that they were starting a
counterintelligence division inside the
FBI that would be particularly handling
these cases now that was after reality
winners arrest and after this case came
to their attention but they've almost
tripled the number of unauthorized
disclosure cases that they're pursuing
at the Justice Department just in the
first years of the
administration when you compare it to
the Obama administration those are Jeff
Sessions own words and so they're really
going after her here and they intend to
put as much pressure on her I believe
that what they're doing by keeping her
in prison isn't intended to make her
plead guilty and not go to trial and
they would like her to roll over and
accept some time in jail and and not
defend herself so I want to go through
the timeline Kevin and belly on the day
that Trump fired FBI director James
Comey may 9 2007 teen reality would
later be charged with finding and
printing a classified report entitled
Russia cybersecurity main intelligence
Directorate actors the next day was May
10th Trump celebrated with Russian
officials in the White House bragging he
had fired nut job Comey in order to end
any Russia Gate investigation hours
later according to the government
reality allegedly sent the NSA report to
the media May 11th and the quote of
reality why do I have this job if I'm
just going to sit back and be helpless I
just thought that was the final straw
that's what reality allegedly explained
under interrogation saying I felt really
hopeless seeing that information
contested why isn't this out there why
can't this be public now again this is
allegedly what she said we weren't there
she only she was there with the FBI
agents and this is all material that the
her lawyers are asking to suppress but
talk about the significance of this
timeline and the document that the
intercept published that the government
alleges is from reality winner although
it turns out now that it the government
learned because they can figure out
these things that this was printed by a
number of different people printed
something like six times Kevin yes
that's that's my understory oh yeah let
me go to Kevin and then Billy I want to
