this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh we
continue with part two of our
conversation with the Detroit Democratic
congressional candidate Rasheeda Talib
who's poised to become the first
Palestinian American woman and first
Muslim woman to serve in Congress the
Lieb is a Democratic Socialist who
supports the Palestinian right of return
and a one-state solution Rasheeda Talib
also supports Medicare for all a $15
minimum wage and abolishing ice the
child of Palestinian immigrants she's
spoken out against the Trump
administration's travel bans Rasheeda
Talib thanks so much for staying with us
for this part two of our conversation
what does democratic socialism mean to
you well you know I I you have to know
this about me never mean poverty has
seen some of my interviews in the past I
cannot stand these kind of identifiers
and just labeling me that I'm a member
of the Michigan Democratic Party a DSA
member member of the League of Women
Voters ACLU and why I you know for me
trying to kind of stick me in this box
that's the only thing you know that's
what I am is it's hard for me to kind of
grasp on because so many of my families
throughout the 13 congressional district
just know me as oh you're the one that's
gonna fight for universal health care
you're the one that's gonna fight for
you know pushing back against the cuts
towards education and and trying to get
our school district back for some of my
folks and so a lot of my residents you
know when I start using these various
labels and kind of identifiers and I
know people want to do that it's really
difficult but I can tell you DSA has
been a true partner and fighting back
against the corporate tax breaks that
I've seen being given away right here in
the Metro Detroit area especially
towards a hockey stadium Amy and they're
mean we're four hundred million dollars
that could be going to our schools many
of which are really struggling right now
is going towards an adult playground for
a for-profit you know a billionaire
company that sells pizza it's absolutely
immoral and that's I think that moral
compass that myself and sister Ella and
Omar and I think Alexandria Oh classy Oh
Cortes bring to you know bring with us
to come
is gonna shift that conversation about
you know how do we really represent and
how do we take care of the people back
home who does she that you say will it
will shift the conversation
Ilhan omar yourself and alexandra Ocasio
cortez do you think that the democratic
party is shifting to a more progressive
platform you know seen johanna haze you
know teacher of the year having a
teacher come on to the House floor with
us it is it's changing the face of
Congress not as Democrats or whatever
just the fact that we are women of color
but also women that understand the
struggles and challenges that are going
on right now back home because over half
of our colleagues on the house literally
in Congress right now are millionaires
they're not struggling with class sizes
of forty five for their children they're
not struggling and watching our you know
so many of our parents you know having
two or three jobs to make ends meet we
hear all these stories and we have so
much faith in our public servants in
Congress to fight for us but I think we
have to be one of us to be there you
know for us to really truly be genuine
about it
scrounged and rooted into why we're
there and why we need to be able to push
against this kind of corporate greed
that continues to fester in all parts of
our government and I think that that is
what's happening that shift of you know
people like us are not running for
office and I think that is
transformative maybe to Congress maybe
to the party maybe to the world or to
the country it is going to be a
fantastic class of incredible women that
walk onto that floor and I think yes it
will completely shift the conversation
on that issue of socialism Rasheeda
Talib a new poll by Gallup shows
Democrats now have a more positive view
of socialism than capitalism 57% of
those polled said they have a positive
attitude toward socialism just 47
percent said the same about capitalism
what does that say to you you know for
me I don't kind of look at those
statistics what I know is when I went
door-to-door it was around the issues
when I start using labels and start
talking
a democratic party independent so many
asked me where she did what is a
libertarian they don't know I mean for
me my families in the 13 congressional
district Miss know that I'm not gonna
vote for corporate tax breaks that I'm
gonna vote for universal health care I'm
gonna fight for them they know you
forget and care for all absolutely and
explain what is the universe to me it
means being able to have access to
everyone having access to health care
and having the government play a much
important role but I can tell you Amy
I'm not for sitting back and allowing
the insurance industry to write the bill
and that's one of the biggest criticisms
I had about the Affordable Care Act is
that it's fine to have the insurance
industry be a partner be part of a work
group but for them to write the majority
of that bill and that's exactly what I
heard happened exactly what I've seen
and what I've read about it is that you
know having them being in a much bigger
role than they need to be it has to be
led by the people and what I mean by
that is the government needs to take the
lead on writing something that gets us
close to universal health care and
Medicare for all gets us closer to a
blanket true access to quality health
care that doesn't allow the insurance
industry to abuse us to insurance
industry to still continue to manipulate
this whole process around drug the drug
industry the prescription drug industry
that to me is because it has to go hand
in hand access is important but I'll
tell you as soon as Affordable Care Act
got passed what I saw with the hardship
of having my Detroit police officers who
lost their health insurance when we
filed bankruptcy in Detroit to go
through that system I realized it wasn't
really true access because the people
behind the door was still the insurance
industry who is not putting people first
and we all have to come from that
perspective understanding that that is
the fact and that we need to have the
government play a much bigger role
Arushi that you mentioned earlier that
there are a number of millionaires in in
congress and the majority of them could
you elaborate on the class dimensions of
this your own background
and how its shaped your position on
questions like medicare-for-all I mean
there's been so much said about the
extent to which money has permeated
politics in the US your victory
suggests that alternatives are possible
they are they are possible and I think
you know the hope that I bring is so
much needed right now because everything
is about political strategy and what are
the Republicans going to do if we do
this or what does the Democrats gonna do
if we do this that is what is the clouds
over everything that needs to be done
for the people back home and so I could
tell you coming from a working-class you
know immigrant household my dad only had
fourth-grade education my mother only
eighth grade education my dad's first
ever real true job was at Ford Motor
Company
he's a UAW member and I remember him
telling me how you know he never got the
really vote anywhere and and he you know
he came from Palestine where as nine or
ten years old went to Nicaragua and
found more poverty more challenges and
then at nineteen years old young age to
come to the United States of America and
his life completely changed it still was
a struggle though some days you know I
remember seeing him you know in tears
and not knowing really how he was gonna
be able to take our take care of our
family and I can tell you going through
Detroit Public Schools growing up in a
city that you know we were probably the
punching bag for the nation for so many
years and knowing kind of kind of coming
from again that lens and that experience
is it's been lacking for so many of us I
remember congressman Conyers voting
against the Patriot Act voting against
the Iraq war when it was unpopular too
that tremendous amount of courage that
comes with that kind of leadership I
mean that's that's what we need and and
I can tell you no matter what people say
about him he shaped a lot of who I am I
remember after 9/11 him coming to the
American Muslim community in the Arab
community and having what we call the
public forum standing side by side with
us not being afraid to say they are not
at fault and
this is us reacting to the fear tactics
that are out there and that I'm gonna
stand by civil rights inequality no
matter what and to me again that has
shaped my lens the classism that's
happening in me I mean look I I can't
believe that there's that many I had no
idea that there was such a huge you know
wealth coming from the members of
Congress Congressman John Dingell told
me the balance between corporations was
always with Congress working class
people got to Congress and they always
push back so there was a balance now it
seems like the same people there seem to
be more sympathetic with corporations
are in office versus the real people
back home I want to turn to election
night the night you made history shortly
after you learned you had won the
primary here you're standing next to
your mother
as you speak to supporters they're glued
to the TV my grandmother my aunt's my
uncles
you know as I look up lift the families
of the 13 congressional district uplift
them every single day to being Who I am
as a prop house in American and I tell
you as a Palestinian to me you know a
lot of my strength comes from being
posted it helps me but I can tell you my
mother's like the compassion this woman
has that isn't me she smiles every
single time this woman doesn't even
understand what people are so if you
Rashida can talk about this moment
you're crying in the studio as you watch
yourself stick watch it Amy if I watch
it Amy in the demand I just start crying
because you all probably don't even know
this that wasn't really might you know
that moment I was just thinking
everybody and wanting them to go home
and get some rest because we still
couldn't call it it was 5:00 in the
morning and I think for me you know
turning to my right to see my mom in
tears and saying to me I knew you had it
okay MA you know but I think you know
seeing her proudly look at me and you
know know exactly what this would mean
for the whole country
we brought light to a moment in darkness
for so many people not only in our
country but around the world I think
American Muslims and Muslims around the
world needed a sense of you know some
some light some feeling that yes this is
exactly why you know people need to run
and speak up and fight back because of
this possibility the fact that now two
Muslim American women are going to be
able to walk into the House floor of
Congress what an incredible moment in
our country celebrate it it is something
that speaks volumes because we can do
press conferences we do marches we can
do protests and those aren't so
important but
running for office getting elected in a
predominantly non Muslim community my
sister lejano Omar is gonna represent 70
percent white community and people
believed in us they have faith in us
that is the America I know and love and
I just can't wait to see the faces of so
many people saying this actually really
did happen you're standing next to your
mother she's covered she was Ola
lighting as you are speaking to
supporters you are the eldest of 14
children yes yes I had my own voting
bloc but it's it's it was an incredible
moment for my family you know we lost
our my father in December of this past
year and so this was just even more
sweeter just because this is the man who
when we turned 18 he didn't say happy
birthday he said go register to vote
because that's what the UAW taught him I
think you know at that moment my mom was
elated she had already four days before
to you know the Tuesday elections had
dry cleaned my Palestine the Palestinian
thobe that she's gonna have me wear when
I swear on the Holy Quran and so she
already had so much faith and belief I'm
just so glad we won cuz I you know she's
a person that would continue to smile
and say you know what it was written
there was a reason but she's elated
she's so happy and I can tell you she
keeps saying to me and you got to meet
her and understand where how I grew up
the way I am she says to me listen don't
bother him too much let God handle him
and I was like okay mom you know and
she's talking about President Trump and
so this is the woman I'm completely
surrounded by constantly so humbled so
so pure in that and that she truly
believes in a higher spirit she truly
believes things happen for a reason and
everything's as she sees is through this
just amazing empathy like she her
compassion comes so strongly in me but
she is she's ready she said don't get
that foe up dirty I was like mom it's in
the closet if every
fine we're ready to roll when it's time
in January well Rashida you also said in
the New York Times interview that you
often thank God for your victory and
successes in political life but that for
you Allah is a she yes Allah is a she
and you know there's 99 names for Allah
its attributes and fifty percent of
those are feminine and so in my campaign
team I remember you know almost missing
flights and all these things and there
was a another amazing girl in my office
named Amira who's also Palestinian and
she she would say I she I can't believe
you made it and I was like cuz she's on
our side
and she said who does she and I said
that's a lot if she goes all is a she
for you I said absolutely and she goes
oh and I think well you know all is not
how it's supposed to have you know a jet
it's not gender you know specific and
you know that's the point but you know
if the men can say he I can say she can
you talk about the President of the
United States says many are calling the
sexual harasser in chief sexual predator
in chief so many women before the
election when you were protesting him
there in Detroit as a candidate had come
out and said he had sexually abused them
harassed them sexually assaulted them
can you talk about what that means for
the president to be accused of this by
so many women and your own life
experiences it just means we have a lot
of work to do
Amy I can't fathom you know this is a
president of United States that I
probably wouldn't want meeting my
sisters or my mother right I mean this
is because the lack of you know true
meaning understanding of what it means
to abuse a woman the meaning of what
those actions really mean to you know
women young women that are seeing that
the President of the United States is
allowed to do that and not be held
accountable that I hope that that
doesn't make
the more silent it's so dangerous that
so many people don't understand the true
slippery slope I've just just toxicity
and danger that it brings to a young
woman who's starting her first job like
I did you know my first job outside of
college was at a civil rights
organization and I could have never
imagined you know I didn't really even
understand what sexual harassment was
until it happened to me and it was five
months of pure just agony me wearing
turtlenecks and sweaters in the middle
of summer because I was worried he would
touch me again
worried that he would make remarks to me
again and again this young you know now
I'm so much more stronger and so much
more knowledgeable and every time a
young woman comes to me and says she
experienced that I look at her and I
said grow stronger look what I where I
am look what I've been able to do build
off of that but to have the President of
the United States to be let off as if
this is okay that this is some sort of
norm is so dangerous for our daughters
for our sisters for our mothers that are
in the workplace now that are in the
world and experiencing this now I hope
that they don't see this as a form of
you have to be quiet about it and be
silent because there's no justice at the
end there is justice we he will if it's
through my mother's path of just
allowing a higher being take care of him
or is it going to be fighting harder and
working harder and out you know just out
working that kind of toxicity that is
now in the White House you believe
President Trump should be a leader she
lifts them all through my own personal
experiences she a what the president
stands for is completely wrong Rashida
to leave do you think President Trump
should be impeached yes
so you'd be part of that effort in
Congress absolutely have you ever
watched law and order yes you know the
first part is the crime and then the
arrest happens and then the second half
is the accountability of truth like
investigation of whether or not whether
or not that person committed the crime
I'm really good at the second half of
law and order
so I'll be the part a partner for any US
senator that needs me to you know be a
partner and collecting information
collecting the
what I know already is that President
Trump has probably violated a number of
criminal acts especially when it comes
to the relationship with Russia do you
think Nancy Pelosi should be House
Speaker I think this is a time for a new
era of you know a new generation
just because I just truly believes it's
a new era of civil rights movement that
we are all part of and there is a moment
now
where I think true leadership is
realizing that getting us to this point
this was so important and I gotta tell
you I mean leader Pelosi is an
incredible person and has done an
incredible job but at some point we have
to make decisions on whether or not we
want to be able to get someone there
that can speak to the various challenges
and issues of my families back home in a
13 congressional district that they're
my priority and right now the stance
around Dodd you know Frank
the stance around a number of issues are
troubling for me and so that's why I
have been very much saying that probably
not I haven't spoken to Leader Pelosi I
you know don't want to use this as you
know giving you a some general generic
response I can tell you I I most likely
want to lean towards someone that will
be more in line with the civil rights
issues of my district well the
Democratic National Committee has been
facing criticism from climate activists
after the DNC essentially lifted a ban
on fossil fuel company donations DNC
chair Tom Perez introduced the measure
saying the party wants to quote support
fossil fuel workers so could you comment
