is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm no meanshe welcome to our listeners
and viewers around the country and
around the world confirmation hearings
begin today from Mike Pompeo the CIA
director tapped by President Trump to
become the next Secretary of State last
year the Senate confirmed Pompeo to head
the CIA by a vote of 66 to 32 but the
vote is expected to be far closer this
year at least one Republican Rand Paul
has already announced he will vote
against Pompeo due to his support for
the Iraq invasion and for torture and
more Democrats are expected to oppose
him this round Democratic senator Brian
Schatz of Hawaii said on Twitter quote I
voted yes on Pompeo for CIA on the
theory that he would be the adult in the
room I was wrong I'm voting no on Pompeo
for Secretary of State because our top
diplomat should believe in diplomacy he
has an alarming tendency towards
military provocation and brinksmanship
Pompeo is a former congressman from
Kansas where he was widely known to be
the Crothers favorite lawmaker he once
wrote an article for Politico titled
stop harassing the koch brothers
Pompeyo also has a long history of ties
to Islamic phobic organizations the
group act for America which is
considered the largest anti-muslim group
in America awarded Pompeo its highest
honor the National Security Eagle Award
in 2016 the Southern Poverty Law Center
considers the organization a hate group
on the foreign policy front the National
Iranian American Council has warned
pompeius confirmation would threaten the
Iran nuclear deal and increase the risk
of a u.s. attack on Iran Pompeyo is also
a vocal climate change denier more than
200 environmental groups wrote a letter
this week to Senators urging Pompeo is
rejection we're joined now by two guests
treated Parsi is founder and president
of the National Iranian American Council
author of losing an enemy Obama Iran in
the triumph of diplomacy and said Jelani
is a staff reporter at the intercept
said you've been on Capitol Hill
following what's happening
the preparations for the hearing today
for Pompeo to become Secretary of State
talk about what you found yeah it's
actually very interesting because unlike
a number of the nominees that went
through last year when the Trump
administration sort of initially staffed
up Mike Pompeo as nominations actually
in a bit of danger one as you played
earlier Senator Rand Paul leading um so
Republican on the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee has already come out
and said that he would try to block his
nomination now recall that when Pompeo
was confirmed as CIA director he
received the support of fourteen Senate
Democrats as well as one independent
angus King of Maine that basically
creates a calculus where on the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee they could
effectively block Pompey's nomination
due to the new sort of Senate dynamics
now it is possible that they could bring
Pompeo directly to the floor and bypass
the committee but that really hasn't
happened and I think in decades or
ultimately President Trump really wants
to appoint him he could always use a
recess appointment but sort of forcing
them to take those steps would we would
draw a lot of political capital from the
Trump administration and could you know
if the Democrats I believe Senator Paul
it says something about Gina Haskell who
was nominated for CIA director but it
also applies here which is that he said
that the the Democrats show solidarity
they can't block these nominations and I
think that a number of them and you
played the you know the second you
actually played the tweet from Brian
Schatz where he says he's sort of
changed his mind I think a lot of those
Democrats right now you know it's a big
question mark for them a lot of them
have not announced that they're going to
continue to support Pompeo like they did
last year so I think that's really the
big question in the room is whether the
Senate Democratic caucus will stick
together with Rand Paul and sort of
block the nomination or attempt to at
least slow it down and Schatz saying I
voted yes on Pompeo for CIA on the
theory who would be the adult in the
room I was wrong I'm voting no on Pompeo
for Secretary of State because our top
diplomat should believe in diplomacy he
has an alarming tendency towards
military provocation and brinksmanship
said yes well I think you know that
tweet you know shows sort of a you know
there's a learning curve
members of Congress I think there was a
logical err sort of made towards
President Trump at the beginning whereas
you know I think he was perceived as
having sort of a very strong ideological
bent and they needed security state
figures like generals for instance a lot
of senators including even Bernie
Sanders voted for John Kelly did lead
DHS for the same reason but I think more
I think what we're coming around to in
Washington is understanding that Trump
doesn't really have a very strong
audiological Ben he's more of a
pragmatist but he's very malleable when
it comes to the people who are around
him so I think that in the first term or
the first year a president Trump's
presidency we've seen sort of moderate
Hawks around and people who could easily
work for obama most of them or for
Clinton but I think now that you're
seeing you know maybe Geena Haspel at
CIA john bolton and not you know being a
national security adviser Mike Pompeo at
CIA I think that that would be a
tangible shift to the right and I think
that you know that's scaring a lot of I
think people who were willing to go
along with that strategy a year ago like
brian schatz well treetop RC could you
talk about some of your concerns with
Pompeo and in particular the concerns
that others have also expressed that in
nominating Mike Pompeo Trump is more or
less putting together a war cabinet
given that John Bolton has also just
come in earlier this week as national
security adviser yes I think that is
very much part of the context here that
I think is also giving a lot of senators
pause which is that this is not just a
vote for Pompeo this would be to enable
Donald Trump to have a cabinet in which
you have no longer these mythical adults
in the room any longer but rather and
almost exclusively yes men and as a
result I think what is it emerging on
Capitol Hill is a understanding that a
vote for Pompeo is essentially a vote
for john bolton and a vote for john
bolton is a vote for war and i think
that has been one of the fact that it
has really changed the dynamics because
it can be very difficult for the
democrats to be able to justify such a
vote particularly mindful of the fact
that we are very likely to see the death
of the Iran nuclear deal which is once
again will open
the pathway for a war between the United
States and Iran you don't want to be a
senator that has actually enabled that
to happen by casting a vote for Pompeo
if you're on the Democratic side as well
as some Republicans I mean I think right
now a lot of eyes are gonna be on
Senator Jeff Flake because if flake
decides to vote against and all of the
Democrats vote against then pompiers
nomination is dead I'd like to turn to a
summation about Iran in North Korea
critique of the Obama administration's
jcpoa commitment was that they left the
Iranians with a breakout capacity they
had a short time frame that these would
these restrictions would remain in place
and North Korea's human capital and
enrichment capacity continues to remain
in place those are those are all things
that present risk to the world and
President Obama's excuse me president
Trump is is determined to prevent that
from happening in North Korea treat a
Parsi well here again I think you're
seeing that Pompeo is saying something
very different once he got through the
CIA nomination then what he said at the
CIA here a nomination hearings then he
struck a much more moderate tone being
very aware of that his hawkish nez would
be a concern for a lot of senators and
having read his the transcript of his
statement that he's gonna give today
it's very clear that he's very worried
about this once again
but his views I think have become quite
clear now they're undeniable his
rejection of the Iran deal is part of
the reason why he's being nominated by
Donald Trump to be Secretary of State
and his arguments in regards to the
breakout capability is is entirely wrong
because in the case of the Iran deal the
breakout capability has been extended to
one full year which then combined with
the very very intrusive inspections
makes it essentially impossible for the
Iranians to be able to build a nuclear
bomb without getting detected very very
early which gives the world an
opportunity to intervene that is of
course all based on the idea that we
live up to our end of the bargain of
this deal and allow those inspections to
continue but if we pull out of the deal
which Trump is very likely to do
particularly would people like Bolton
and
Pompeii around him then we lose the
inspections and if we lose the
inspections forget about a 12-month
breakout capability that's when the real
danger comes in
so the path that Pompeo is arguing for
is actually the exact path that would
lead us to some of these disastrous
consequences and one approach that he's
had to all of this that I think we
should be very concerned about is that
as head of CIA he was presented with
evidence from the CIA that showed that
the Iranians are living up to the deal
his response was well we know that
they're still cheating he had no
evidence for that but he had already
drawn that conclusion that reminds us of
what happened during the Iraq war in
which the conclusion was drawn first and
then the CIA was being asked now go find
the evidence for it well treati I want
to go to another related issue which is
his Pompeius well-documented
Islamophobia now in June 2013
two months after the Boston Marathon
bombing then Congressman Mike Pompeo
erroneously claimed Muslim groups had
not condemned the attack just under two
months since the attacks in Boston and
in those intervening weeks the silence
of Muslim leaders has been deafening
from the most devastating terrorist
attacks on America in the last 20 years
come overwhelmingly from people of a
single faith and are performed in the
name of that faith a special obligation
falls on those that are the leaders of
that faith silence has made these
Islamic leaders across America
potentially complicit in these acts if a
religion claims to be one of peace mr.
speaker its leaders must reject violence
that is perpetrated in its name a day
after Pompeo gave those remarks the
Council on american-islamic relations
wrote to him demanding an apology care
and a number of other Muslim major
Muslim organizations had in fact
condemned the Marathon bombings many
within hours of the attack and organized
blood drives and other relief efforts in
Boston Pompeyo never apologized or
responded to the letter from care so
treat the Parsee can you can you talk
about that and your concerns about the
way in which Mike Pompeo has spoken
about Muslims
in America well I think once again we're
seeing that his line of thinking is very
much in line with the thinking of Donald
Trump here so rather than being someone
that actually would be able to bring in
a different perspective into the White
House balance things be an adult in the
room as Brian Schatz originally thought
Pompeyo would be instead we're seeing
someone that actually will be enabling
the worst instincts of Donald Trump and
I think this will be very dangerous to
have someone as the Secretary of State
holding those views because these are
views that are considered and are
extremist views and it's going to create
additional problems for the United
States if in its diplomacy with the rest
of the world is propagating views of
this kind 2015 Mike Pompeo appeared on
the radio show of the longtime
Islamophobe Frank Gaffney
Pompeyo agreeing with Gaffney that then
President Obama had a quote affinity for
Muslim terrorists this clip begins with
Gaffney wonder whether in fact what the
president is conveying to them is not
simply that he doesn't understand but
that there's really kind of an affinity
for if not the violent beheading and
crucifixions and you know slaying of
Christians and all that but at least for
the cause in which these guys are
engaged in such activities eating you're
watching this very closely of course
from your vantage point on the
Intelligence Committee could that
possibly be a take away for bad guys who
here in saying nothing about the their
ideological agenda Frank every place you
stare at the president's policies and
statements you see what you just
described so the Egyptians bomb
terrorists in eastern Libya and the
administration says gosh we can't
support that the Egyptians under their
leader al Sisi begin to push back inside
the ideology of the faith and our
president refuses to talk about it that
way today Americans are sitting at a
table with the Iranians the largest
state-sponsored there in the world
treating them as if they're a
negotiating partner every policy of this
administration has treated America as if
we are the problem and not the solution
to keeping not only America say
but a stable world so that's Mike Pompeo
in 2015 said Jelani if you can talk
about this and how this is being
discussed on Capitol Hill right now
again connections to a number of anti
Islamic groups not to mention these kind
of views well I think this is the
exactly the kind of thing that we would
expect Congress to start interrogating
Pompeo and today when he starts has his
first hearing before the Foreign
Relations Committee folks you know
Pompeo not only you know has appeared
and it made some sort of offensive
remarks here and there he's actually
been a booster of an organization called
act for America we just led by a woman
named Bridget Gabriel who argues you
know very strongly that you know the
essential problem with terrorism are
basically a centralized to the religion
of Islam of course our diplomats across
the world have to deal with a very large
Muslim population most of our conflicts
and serve hot spots in the world right
now are with Muslim majority populations
and it's very unclear whether they're
you know Mike Pompeo actually knows how
to speak diplomatically whether he can
actually suppress these sorts of views
even if he was doing this as a matter of
political pandering for a domestic
audience at one point he hasn't
demonstrated the ability to do the
opposite which is to be able to engage
and constructively hold dialogue with
Muslim populations worldwide which is
something honestly that I think Rex
Tillerson did effectively at times you
know as a former sort of Exxon CEO he
kind of had a lot of experience dealing
with sort of Muslim majority head of
states so on and so forth and I think
actually he he did show some capacity to
do that diplomacy but Mike Pompeo just
has to demonstrate anything like that
and I think that's exactly the kind of
thing you're gonna see members of
Congress uh sort of buzzing in mind when
he starts his hearings today let's go
back to Mike Pompeo in 2014 congressman
Pompeo dressing a church group in
Wichita his hometown this threat to
America is from people who deeply
believe that Islam is the way in the
light and the only answer and so as we
think about what US policy needs to be
how we will begin to combat this
we need to recognize that these folks
believe that it is religiously driven
for them to wipe Christians from the
face of the earth they may be wrong
there's some debate about that what the
Quran actually says they may be wholly
misguided and I will tell you it is
absolutely a minority within the Muslim
faith but these folks are serious and
they abhor Christians and will continue
to press against us until we make sure
that we pray and stand and fight and
make sure that we know that Jesus Christ
as our Savior is truly the only solution
for our world so that is Mike Pompeo a
few years ago speaking Wichitas hometown
is congressman so Zaid Jilani the
Leadership Conference on civil rights in
a coalition of more than 200 national
organizations wrote a letter on Monday
urging senators to vote no on Pompeo how
significant is this well I think it is
significant in in the in the respect
that when when Mike Pompeo I think was
being sort of you know appointed to CIA
when he was very easily confirmed by the
Senate I don't think we saw the same
level of pushback you know I think just
as you know what Brian shot said in his
statement there was a belief that you
know he was sort of a long time sort of
standing member of Congress with
security credentials you know he should
be in there as the adult in the room
but I don't think that his views were
necessarily interrogated with as much
rigor as they are being now and I think
that particularly with those fourteen
Democratic senators and the one
independent in Maine angus King who
supported them in his CIA nomination you
know they need to hear from their
constituents and they need to hear
particularly from organized interest
groups like the 200 that signed that
letter about how they're going to be
held accountable should they vote to
confirm them because honestly you know
members of Congress are very political
creature ISM you know they care about
votes and they care about money and if
they feel like either of those two
things are on the line they're much more
likely to vote against the nominees so I
do think that the writings sort of
activists interest this time will
definitely change the calculus and I
can't predict whether all 14 Senate
Democrats who voted for him before as
well as the one independent would turn
against them but I can tell you I can
guarantee you that he's going to get
less votes this time they did
last time three top I see I know you
have to go very soon but before you do
if you could comment very quickly on the
escalating situation with Syria what you
expect to happen I mean Trump earlier
said he's gone back on what he said
earlier saying tweeting this morning
never said when an attack on Syria would
take place could be very soon or not so
soon at all this is a tremendously
dangerous situation that we have right
now precisely because of the fact that
the administration strategy seems to
only be driven by events not by any
strategic thinking not by any type of a
consideration of what lies in the US is
national interests combined with the
fact that he has no diplomatic component
whatsoever and particularly when you put
it in the context that this could
actually put the United States in direct
confrontation with Russia then we truly
see the tremendous risk for escalation
that exists here and to have the Pompeo
hearing take place in this context I
think give a lot of these senators an
opportunity to really ask questions of
what is the u.s. is natural interest in
