this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
voters in Brazil head to the polls
Sunday an election that could reshape
the political landscape of South America
polls show the current frontrunner is
the far-right J Herbal senado a former
Army officer who's openly praised
Brazil's military dictatorship which
lasted from 1964 to 1985 both senado has
a long history of making racist
misogynistic homophobic comments he's
encouraged police to kill suspected drug
dealers most polls show bull sanada
winning on Sunday but failing to win
enough votes to avoid a runoff election
October 28th he's risen to the polls
since September 8th when he was stabbed
while campaigning
Baldonado also directly benefited from
the jailing of former President Luiz
inácio Lula da Silva in April who had
been leading all presidential polls Lula
remains in jail and what many consider
trumped-up corruption to are charges to
prevent him from becoming president Lula
the head of the Workers Party was then
forced to drop out of the race Lula's
hand-picked successor Fernando Haddad is
currently placing second in most polls
on Saturday tens of thousands took part
in women led rallies in Rio de Janeiro
são Paulo and other cities to protest
Bal senado the theme of the protests not
him my name is Raja and I'm here because
social matters dangerous he represents a
hatred for our country
because it represents the loss of the
few rights that the people he targets
such as the black people the indigenous
people and the eligible tech community
and women have conquered so far she
represents a threat to democracy in our
country a democracy that we are still
building joining us in Rio de Janeiro's
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist Glenn
Greenwald who co-founded the intercept
Glen welcome back to Democracy Now can
you talk about the significance of what
is happening right now in Brazil and
particularly on Sunday the election to
begin with the significance is that
Brazil is a country of 210 million
people so it's the fifth most populous
country in the world right behind the
United States the second largest in the
hemisphere and the most influential in
all of Latin America it's also the
seventh largest economy in the world
with major oil reserves and what the
Western media has often been doing and
talking about Bolson are I was calling
him Brazil's Trump which drastically in
radically understates the case he's much
closer to say do Tartine Philippines or
even general sisy and Egypt both in
terms of what he intends to do and wants
to do and what he's able to do given the
fragility of Brazil which is an
extremely young democracy that exited a
military dictatorship only 33 years ago
and therefore doesn't have the same kind
of institutions to limit what someone
would want to do the way say the United
States or the UK would so it's an
extremely dangerous moment for this
country polls do show that he's unlikely
to win in the first round on Sunday but
there is a possibility that he might
that he could actually just get 50% of
the vote and a boy to run off entirely
but even if he does make the runoff the
signs are really showing that he is
likely to win against Lula's hand-picked
successor because of how much animist
has been built up by the media and the
business class toward PT in this country
and can you talk more about just exactly
what Bull senado represents as
homophobic comments his anti-women
comments his support of the Brazil
liyan military dictatorship you know you
can go through the whole list of
shocking comments he once said in an
interview that he would rather to hear
that his son died in a car accident than
hear that his son is gay he told a
colleague in the lower house of Congress
where he served for 30 years when she
accused him of defending torture and
rape which he did during the
dictatorship that she need not worry
because in his words she didn't deserve
to be raped by him meaning that she was
too ugly to deserve and merit his his
rape there's a whole slew of comments
like that about black people about
indigenous but the much more worrying
aspect are not these kind of comments
but the policies that he is explicitly
endorsing his model for how he wants to
deal with crime are the world's worst
dictators people like Pinochet he's he's
advocated that we do things like in the
Philippines where we just send the
military and the police to just
indiscriminately slaughter whatever
whoever they think is a drug dealer or
criminal without trials he believes in
military rule he doesn't regard the
military coup of 1964 and the 21 year
resulting military dictatorship as a
coup or as a dictatorship he regards it
as something noble and wants to
replicate it and he has the entire top
level of the Brazilian military
supporting him and behind him so you
really don't have institutions the way
you do in the u.s. like a strong Supreme
Court or a kind of deep state of the CIA
and the FBI or political parties that
would constrain him in what he wants to
do and especially given how much popular
support there now is behind him there's
a substantial part of the country that
is genuinely terrified about what he
intends to do and intends to do rather
quickly and probably can do namely
bringing back the worst abuses of the
kinds of dictatorships that summarily
executed just dissidents that shut down
media outlets
closed congress's that we thought was a
thing of the past here in Latin America
but is now on the verge of returning to
its most important in largest country
last month a world renowned dissident
linguist noam chomsky met with Brazil's
imprisoned former President Luiz inácio
Lula da Silva his visit coming shortly
after Lille officially pulled out of the
presidential race speaking outside the
prison after a visit Chomsky condemned
the right-wing media in Brazil confuses
something is needed to counter the
concentrated so that is Noam Chomsky
Glenn Greenwald couple questions about
that how is the media allowed to cover
Noam Chomsky visiting Lula in prison and
also the significance of what's happened
to Lula and then who Haddad the person
the hand-picked successor to Lula is so
I met with with Noam Chomsky after that
meeting in San Paulo and we talked a lot
about the dynamics that have brought us
to this point and one of the things we
focused most on during our discussion
was the fact that the dynamic is so
similar to what's happening in the US
the UK and
and in Western Europe where you see this
spread of extremism and this rise of
right-wing fanaticism
and the media outlets and the
establishment factions that have laid
the groundwork for its rise refused to
take any responsibility and that's
definitely the case here in Brazil where
a very oligarchical media is in the
hands of a small number very rich
families and has sown the seeds and has
kind of created the climate in which
bowl scenarios victory is possible even
to this very minute even though these
journalists are themselves afraid of a
ball Cynara win and are not supporting
him they nonetheless continue to endorse
this narrative that is the biggest asset
for bolson ro which is the idea that PT
the Workers Party and volson RAL are
just opposite sides of the same coin you
have left-wing dictatorship or
right-wing dictatorship and both are
equally bad PT ran this country for 14
years and whatever else you might want
to say about it whatever mistakes they
made you certainly had a very free and
open press that constantly attacked it
they impeached one of their presidents
and put the other one in prison so the
idea that it's a dictatorship on par
with what Molinaro wants to do is
grotesque but it's the sort of thing
that's normalizing balsan ro and the
thing that he has done bohlson ro that's
probably the smartest is he is chosen as
his kind of economic guru the person he
said he was gonna put in charge of the
economy a kind of classic right-wing
University of Chicago neoliberal
economists that the international market
and that the oligarch class absolutely
adores and so it's kind of neutralized
what otherwise would have been the
opposition to them and what they done to
Lula not just putting him in prison when
he was leading the polls but since then
what they've done is they've banned all
media outlets from even being able to
interview Lula we've tried others have
tried there's a prior restraint order on
the part of the Supreme Court to prevent
Lula from being able to speak out at
this crucial moment it's not enough just
to put them in prison to stop them from
running when people wanted them to be
President they've silenced him through
censorship orders that apply not just to
him but to all of us in the media and so
Brazilian institutions the
lilian establishment bears a lot of
blame just like us institutions do for
the rise of Trump British institutions
do for brexit and just the general
globalization policies of Europe does
for the rise of right-wing extremism in
that part of the world as well I want to
turn to former Brazilian President where
the former Brazilian President Luiz
inácio and inácio Lula da Silva himself
frontrunner until he was jailed I spoke
to him right before he went to jail and
he was talking about the presidential
candidate jr. bull senado no hear me the
federal Congress is it was an army
captain in the army the information we
have is that he was expelled from the
Brazilian Army dished remedy later and
he is his behavior is a right-wing
fascist he is very much prejudiced
against women against blacks against
indigenous persons against human rights
that everything can be resolved I don't
think he has a future in Brazilian
politics he has the right to run but
Jackson to please a part of the society
that is extreme but I don't believe that
the Brazilian people have an interest in
electing someone with his sort of
behavior to serve as president of the
Republic you think he was happy with
Mary Ellis death you actually preg of
your laser probably I think so because
he's preaching violence every day he
preaches violence he came they failed to
delay to zoomerton pleas that those who
defend the service to democracy are
doing a disservice to democracy mr.
producer via de mogi things that also
defend women's rights are doing
inter-service
democracy like places who defend the
rights of our community he is against
everything we do today to the month that
is discussed when one is talking about
human rights
now as Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva
speaking in March on Democracy Now for
the hour you can check out our democracy
nor again at the end shoot he was
talking about the assassination of Rio
City Councilwoman Mariela Franco your
comments and what he said as we begin to
wrap up Glenn so I mean just the the
last part about the assassination of
Mariela Franco which I have spoken on
your show about before just to give you
a sense of what the climate is like here
just this week two candidates from
Bolton Aras party including one of whom
who who's running for Congress and and
ran as the vice mayoral candidate of
Bolton Aras son who ran for mayor of Rio
four years ago took a street sign in
commemoration of Mariela Franco and
broke it in half and wearing shirts that
had pistols on them pointed directly at
the camera displayed it proudly for the
camera and then the last line of the
post on social media that they wrote in
to accompany the photo was for you
scumbag leftists when we take over your
days are numbered exactly as Lula said
the climate is one of violence Bowl
scenario signature gestures for his
campaign is to put his fingers in the
position of a pistol they want to use
violence to solve political problems
here they're very explicit and open
about that but unfortunately everybody
who's been in charge of Brazilian
society including PT including the
establishment needs to also ask itself
what it has done to make this country
lose so much hope in faith that it's
willing to abandon democracy in turn to
a demagogue and an extremist like bull
Sonora that's the key question that I
think needs to be asked if he does end
up winning Glenn we're gonna do part two
of this discussion and posted online at
democracynow.org on a number of issues
but in this last minute you are a
constitutional lawyer your thoughts as
you look north to the United States you
are an American citizen
on the nomination and compossible
confirmation of Judge Cavanaugh to the
Supreme Court in just 30 seconds if you
can so I do think there are real due
process questions when it comes to
accusations about somebody that we ought
to take very seriously at the same time
there's a lot of credible evidence and I
think even more important the behavior
that he displayed and the very partisan
messages that he's been delivering his
whole life and not that hearing make it
impossible to imagine him on the Supreme
Court in a way that could be have that
institution be a credible a political
body and I think that's the real
overarching issue well I want to thank
you Glenn for being with us again we
will do part two and talk about a number
of issues including president Trump and
vice president spence's attacks on China
saying they are the real threats to the
midterm elections the indictment of
Russian hackers as well as more in judge
Kavanaugh and what's happening in the
world today Glenn Greenwald Pulitzer
prize-winning journalist one of the
founding editors of the intercept also
you can go to democracynow.org for our
hour with Lula who is now in prison in
Brazil that does it for a show Democracy
Now produced by Mike Burke Renee Feltner
meanshe Carla Wells Tammy Woronov Sam
Alcott John Hamilton Robbie Karen honey
Massoud treinen adora I'm Amy Goodman
thanks so much for joining us
you
