this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman a new report by the
Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention has found the u.s. suicide
rate rose by 25 percent over the past
two decades topping the list was North
Dakota where suicides have risen by 57
percent from 1999 levels suicide is the
tenth leading cause of death in the
United States the report found nearly
45,000 suicides occurred in the United
States in 2016 more than twice the
number of homicides firearms accounted
for 51 percent of all suicides in the
same year among people ages 15 to 34
suicide was the second leading cause of
death while suicide rates have risen in
all but one state researchers have found
states with strict gun laws have some of
the lowest suicide rates this includes
New Jersey New York Massachusetts
Maryland and Connecticut the findings
come as two high-profile suicides
occurred within days of each other last
week celebrity chef and television host
Anthony Bourdain died by suicide Friday
the 61 year old was found dead in his
hotel room near strasbourg france where
he was filming an episode of his CNN
programme parts unknown he was found
hanging to death Bourdain's death came
just days after fashion designer Kate
Spade was found dead in her Manhattan
apartment in an apparent suicide as well
again hung to death in the bathroom
meanwhile media reports have revealed
that a Honduran asylum seeker who was
separated from his wife and
three-year-old child after crossing the
border died by suicide in mid-may after
strangling himself in a jail in Starr
County Texas a Border Patrol agent told
The Washington Post Marco Antonio mu√±iz
lost it after agents told him he'd be
separated from his child and the agents
then quote use physical force to take
the child out of his hands to talk more
about this public health crisis we're
joined by dr. John Mann
professor of psychiatry at Columbia
University in a division director at the
New York state psychiatric institute
he's past president of the International
Academy of suicide research and the
American Foundation for Suicide
Prevention dr. John Mann welcome to
Democracy Now thank you good morning
it's good to have you with us can you
talk about this rising rate of suicide
well it's of course extremely alarming
especially because suicide is such a
major cause of death particularly in
young people so people are cut short in
the prime of their lives
the context of this is not that the
United States is sharing this problem
with the rest of the world it's quite
different the United States has had a
steadily rising suicide rate for two
decades much of the rest of the world
has had a declining suicide rate so we
are going very much in the wrong
direction and what do you think accounts
for this well several things first of
all you mentioned North Dakota now
there's a clue there North Dakota has
very few psychiatrists very little
psychiatric services it's a fairly rural
state without much medical as much a
medical infrastructure for example as
the other states that you mentioned like
on the East Coast New York Connecticut
etc in Massachusetts and so people don't
have access to healthcare why does that
matter for suicide it matters because
suicide in the majority of cases is a
complication of an untreated psychiatric
illness that means nobody made the
diagnosis and most of these people
meaning over 70 percent of them died
untreated you talked about there being
fewer psychiatric and psychological
services in these places also stricter
gun control laws well there are a number
of factors that contribute to suicide
first of all if you don't have a
diagnosable psychiatric illness your
chances of dying by suicide are very
tiny so first of all you have to have a
diagnosable psychiatric illness when you
have that
all kinds of social factors become much
more important even within individuals
who have a psychiatric illness it is
only a subgroup that are at particular
risk so we try to focus on who that
subgroup is in order to focus our main
prevention efforts on the people who
need the most help it's not that easy to
find that subgroup and that's what
research is all about so white males
account for seven of ten suicides that
was in 2016
why is this demographic the greatest
risk white young men so male suicide
rates three and a half times higher than
females in the United States but it's
not quite that simple the pattern is
different and we don't really understand
why males commit suicide so much more
frequently than females and the pattern
is different in the sense that male
suicide rates are pretty constant after
late teenagehood through into the 60s
and then once males into the 60s 70s and
80s the suicide rate begins to climb
again quite dramatically but it's quite
different in women women have a gradual
rise to the middle in suicide rates the
middle I admit a midlife and then it
begins to decline so it's actually going
in a very different direction we've
tried to understand the differences
there are biological differences in the
brain and women compared to men and
they're reflected in behavioral
differences vite men are more prone to
violence against others and as well as
against themselves but but another big
factor we think is help seeking women
are more prepared to seek help more
prepared to say I have a problem and I
need help with this it's men culturally
socially I find that a more difficult
step to take and menopur at getting help
for themselves we've seen for years now
this phenomenon in the United States
that is unusual in the world and this is
mass killings most usually perpetrated
by young white men young white men who
by the way before that have more often
not inflicted pain on a woman in their
life maybe their mother or a girlfriend
or in these high school shootings
stalking a girlfriend or someone that
they perceive we wanted to be their
partner do you see a connection between
suicides and these mass shootings yes
it's definitely an important connection
for many years there was a phenomenon
that was pretty uncommon called homicide
suicide where individuals would die by
suicide but before they died they killed
other people usually multiple people
usually people they had some connection
with or new meaning family girlfriend
employee self fellow employees but
there's been a new phenomenon that's
emerged strikingly which of these mass
killings using automatic weapons and
high-capacity cartridges which allow
people to kill a lot of others in a very
short period of time so this has now
become kind of a copycat thing many but
not all of these individuals end up
dying by suicide by their own hand now
this is a this is now what you might
regard as an extreme form of homicide
suicide these are individuals who are
filled with a lot of anger and
depression so the first thing that they
do is express their anger by killing
other innocent people around them and
the second step is killing themselves
it's a rare form of suicide
unfortunately a lot of innocent people
die as well so it Garner's a lot of
attention that's appropriate of course
but in the bigger picture of preventing
suicide if one prevented all of these
events from happening one would only
prevent a tiny tiny tiny fraction of the
45,000 or so people in the US who die
every year I mean this is an absolutely
shocking number 45,000 people die a year
more than twice the number of homicides
yes
this is true worldwide worldwide it's
estimated at about 600,000
we'll die in wars of all sorts but it's
estimated somewhere between 800,000 and
a million people die every year
worldwide due to suicide those of us
who've been working this field have been
a kind of a voice in the wilderness
trying to help the public understand
that that suicide is such a terrible
threat and causes such a life loss of
life what about the racial disparities
we're talking about mainly young white
men can die by suicide I also in a
moment want to ask why the language has
changed and why you don't say commit
suicide but die by suicide but what
about racial disparities so race seems
to make a difference we're not entirely
sure again what the reasons are for
example the community that's most
imperiled and North American Indians in
the United States in the in Canada our
allies to the north the community that's
most imperiled are the inner words in
Australia Australian Aborigines so
somehow these groups are particularly at
risk now it's true that they also have
greater problems with things like
substance use in alcohol use disorders
etc etc but they're definitely anyway in
poverty has an effect for sure we know
that one of the reasons why there is
such there are big differences across
the United States when you look at
suicide by zip code or county level part
of the reason for those differences are
the quality of medical care and the
availability of medical care but even if
you have medical care available part of
the reason for the difference in suicide
rates is related to per capita income if
people can't afford to pay for health
care then you can have the best health
care in your neighborhood but it doesn't
do you any good the United States is
distinguished for much of the Western
world by not having universal health
care coverage the words die by suicide
committing suicide why do people now
from saying committing well this is part
of the stigma associated with suicide
for many many years and until relatively
recently in our history suicide was
regarded as a crime it was listed as a
crime on the statutes so you commit
murder and you commit suicide suicide
was regarded as self murder there's a
long fear theological background to this
kind of thinking and so this was a
terrible problem in terms of reaching
out to these people and offering them
help we know now in many religions that
the theological view of suicide has
changed it's now regarded as the act of
an ill person and therefore not a sin
and those people and their families
should be treated just the same as
people who you know died of any other
cause opioid addiction yes this is a
huge problem in the u.s. probably has
contributed to the rise in suicide rates
more recently a rise in suicide rates
has been going on for two decades
steadily so opiate addiction is not the
explanation of what's happened it is one
contributing factor
just as the economic recession in 2008
which occurred after the suicide rate
was clearly rising is one potential
factor but not the explanation the
opioid epidemic epidemic is a medical
disaster it contributes the suicide
rates but it is not the sole driver dr.
Mann I wanted to ask you about suicide
prevention the most important question
what are the most effective ways to
prevent suicide so the critical thing to
know is that suicide is highly
preventable that when we have organized
targeted programs we can produce a
significant decrease in suicide rates
we've shown this in a number of ways in
different communities and countries
on the causal factors the causal factors
vary from place to place for example
we've now shown in at County levels and
even at city levels that if you improve
physicians capacity for diagnosing and
treating major depression which is the
cool psychiatric causal factor in 60% of
the suicides with psychiatric disorders
and 90% of all suicides occur in the
context of a psychiatric disorder if you
just train physicians to better
recognize depression and treat it more
effectively you will lower the suicide
rate we know this for a fact it's been
demonstrated in multiple studies in
multiple countries it's not a matter of
training the psychiatrists most adults
are treated by the GPS their internist
or their ob/gyn specialists we need to
train non psychiatrist physicians to
diagnose and treat suicidal people
better we have to remember that a about
40 percent of all suicides see their
doctor within 30 days of dying by
suicide and about 80 percent see their
doctor within 12 months so what does it
what is the suicidal patient saying to
their doctor they're probably talking
about physical symptoms when those
physical symptoms actually represent a
depression with physical symptoms they
don't mention they're depressed if the
doctor doesn't ask the patient doesn't
think to tell them so that's one very
important thing but what else can we do
in the United States well the obvious
thing are guns people need to know that
the more available the gun is the more
likely it is to be used in a suicide
homes with more guns have more firearm
suicides homes with guns have more
firearm suicides that homes without guns
your chance of getting killed with a gun
or a family member dying with a gun in a
suicide is much greater than any chance
of an intruder getting killed with that
gun so guns don't make people say
they're actually our two edged sword
that place everybody in the household at
risk so you compare attempted suicide
with suicide we don't usually see those
numbers and you'd be less likely to die
if you attempted it another way if you
attempt suicide and survive more than
80% of those individuals never die by
suicide which makes it very important to
if you like shift people from the most
lethal methods to the least lethal
methods because you can save a lot of
lives that way
guns are an extremely Lethal method of
suicide the chance of surviving a gut
self-inflicted gunshot wound is very low
so that these people don't get a second
chance in countries which is most of the
Western world where guns are much less
available they are much safer there
communist method of suicide is hanging
or overdose and the chance of survival
are much better for family members
friends teachers what is recommended
when you see someone in pain so we don't
expect families and schoolmates
and and and fellow employees and
students to be able to diagnose who is
going to be at risk for suicide that's
unrealistic however expression of
suicidal thoughts all life isn't worth
living or giving away valued possessions
or examining their will or their
insurance these are signs that people
are thinking of closure in their life
which is a bad thing and it's like a
fever person has a bit of a fever you
don't know as their family member or
best friend is that a pneumonia is that
an overwhelming infection or is that
just an upper respiratory tract viral
infection which is of no consequence so
what are people do in those
circumstances they go and ask somebody
who does know go and see the nurse go
and see the doctor and there's
practitioners somebody and
get checked out it's the same if
somebody says that they've got suicidal
thoughts this could be lethal it might
and be but you don't know it's hard to
tell they should go and talk to somebody
who knows we have hot hotlines phone
lines suicide help lines available
throughout throughout the United States
24/7 we have emergency rooms with
experts who can tell the difference with
a reasonable degree of certainty 24/7
people should go and ask and get help
is there a suicide hotline that you give
out the suicide hotline you can find
that everywhere it's on to their credit
on Google on Facebook when you do have a
certain use a search engine to look
about it to ask about suicide it's
everywhere and finally we're talking
about a hundred twenty-three suicides a
day in the United States the average
from forty-five thousand a year we
talked about Anthony Bourdain Kate Spade
these make it high-profile so suicide
gets more attention and then you have
the case of this migrant father who has
his child ripped from his arms doesn't
know if he'll see his child again and he
takes his own life in a Texas jail yes
so the pattern with these kinds of
suicides is that at first they seemed
inexplicable or due to social causes but
in reality when we begin to learn more
about these individuals we find that
these kinds of social stressors affect
vulnerable people particularly suicide
is a very extreme response to stress it
doesn't occur in and well-integrated
happy healthy people people are
resilient and so the individuals like
Kate Spade now we know her husband
issued a press release that
she suffered from depression and anxiety
and was seeking treatment but we also
know that she was living alone separated
from her spouse
we know that anthony bourdain from the
news reports and the statements of his
friends had a serious problem with
substance use disorder when he was
younger and more and and had been
suffering from depression we don't know
much more than that
but and we know nothing about this
individual who was treated in this
horrible way of course people shouldn't
be treated like that that goes without
question it doesn't matter whether
you're resilient or vulnerable but
you're going to have a segment of the
population is vulnerable they're
suffering already suffering from a
depression we know that life events bad
life events happen more frequently to
people over psychiatric illness if we
ignore the psychiatric illness piece we
are colluding with the stigma that is
harmed and prevented health coming to
people who were suicidal we have to
recognize they often have an illness and
they're mostly untreated that is a
terrible state of affairs and in this
country with all its wealth and
resources shouldn't continue marco
antonio mu√±oz was the name of the texas
man who took his own life and of course
we know anthony bourdain and kate spade
just in the space of a few days and yet
every day between them
well between these people together
hundreds of people took their own lives
and the National Suicide Prevention
lifeline says calls have spiked since
the apparent suicides of that were
became so public last week final words
doctor man I'm glad poles of spikes I
hope that means that people who need
help are reaching out for it that would
be good news I want to thank you for
being with us dr. John man psychiatry
professor at Columbia University in a
division director at the New York State
Psychiatric Institute past president of
the International Academy of suicide
research in the American Foundation for
Suicide Prevention this is democracy now
when we come back we'll be joined by
Michael
Eric Dyson he has a new book out what
truth sounds like RFK James Baldwin and
our unfinished conversation about race
in America this is democracy now back in
a minute
you
