welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman president Donald Trump
sparked international outrage Thursday
over a racist comment in which he said
the US should limit immigration from
Haiti El Salvador and African nations in
favor of countries with majority white
populations while meeting with lawmakers
at the White House Trump reportedly said
quote why do we want all these people
from Africa here There s whole countries
we should have more people from Norway
Trump's latest racist comments came just
after his administration announced its
ending temporary protected status for up
to 250,000 Salvadorans who've been
living in the US since at least 2001
last year the Trump administration
announced it's also ending temporary
protected status for tens of thousands
of Haitian Accor egwin and Sudanese
immigrants living in the u.s. the
comments drew Swift international
condemnation this is Haitian grassroots
activist Rene Seville speaking from
port-au-prince Haiti Donald Trump is
more than just a cancer on the world and
not just throughout the world but
particularly for the American people
he's a president who's destabilizing a
president of vulgar words who is
unacceptable Trump's remarks prompted
the New York Daily News to publish a
banner headline on the front page
featuring Trump's likeness superimposed
of a cartoonish poop emoji with the
headline s star star T for brains
Trump spews vicious slur against
immigrants the headline after headline
x' will have more on president Trump's
racist remarks we'll go to Florida to
speak with the acclaimed Haitian
American novelist Edwidge Danticat
the White House said Thursday it allows
States to impose work requirement rules
on many recipients of Medicaid the
federally run health care program the
move could force low-income people in at
least 10 states to find employment or
risk losing access to health care the
White House insists that change would
only target so-called able-bodied adults
and would not affect children or people
with disabilities the New York Times is
reporting President Trump will again
stopped short of reimposing harsh
sanctions on Iran over the country's
nuclear industry while imposing new
sanctions
over the country's ballistic missile
program the report comes as Trump faces
a deadline today on whether to certify
Iran is complying with the landmark 2015
nuclear deal the deal was signed by a
number of European countries all of whom
are urging President Trump Tura main in
the agreement during the campaign Trump
repeatedly said he'd withdraw from the
Iran nuclear agreement calling it the
worst deal ever on Capitol Hill the
House of Representatives approved a bill
Thursday to continue granting president
Trump's administration sweeping powers
to conduct foreign surveillance on US
soil the 256 the nays are 164 the bill
is passed without objection the motion
to reconsider is laid on the table
65 Democrats joined 191 Republicans in
favor of the bill which renews section
702 of the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act known as FISA among the
bill supporters were senior Democrats
including House Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi critics note the law allows the
National Security Agency to collect
personal communications of Americans
without their knowledge or consent as
long as at least one party in the
conversations is a foreign national the
dragnet means millions of US citizens
are affected this is California
Democratic Representative ted Lieu
spying on foreigners without following
the Constitution that is okay spying on
Americans without following the
Constitution that is not okay the Fourth
Amendment does not have an asterisk that
says our intelligence agencies don't
have to follow it during Thursday's
debate lawmakers rejected a privacy
amendment that would have required
officials to obtain warrants before
accessing much of the NSA's collected
data meanwhile president Trump's so
confusion ahead of the vote tweeting
comments critical of FISA and saying it
was used to quote so badly surveil and
abuse the Trump campaign by the previous
administration and others Trump was
referring to a discredited accusation
Trump made last March that President
Obama tapped his phones later on
Thursday Trump reversed course and
tweeted his support after FISA
reauthorization and he got calls from
Republicans British authorities have
rejected a bid to allow Julian Assange
safe passage from the Ecuadorian Embassy
in London after Ecuador's foreign
minister said he granted Assange
citizenship the move came as the
minister said there were credible
threats to Assange's life from third
party states
Sanj first sought refuge from political
asylum in the Ecuadorian Embassy in 2012
when he faced possible extradition to
Sweden amidst a sexual assault
investigation that has since been
dropped a son should always denied the
allegations and calls the investigation
a pretext for his ultimate extradition
to the United States to face prosecution
under the Espionage Act in Hollywood the
studio behind the new film all the money
in the world is under fire following
reports a paid actor Mark Wahlberg 1,500
times more than the woman in its lead
role Michelle Williams for a reshoot of
several scenes the reshoot came after
director Ridley Scott choose to edit
actor Spacey
out of the nearly finished movie when
more than a dozen men accused Spacey of
sexual harassment and assaults after
Scott cast Christopher Plummer and
Spacey's role actor Michelle Williams
was given a per diem of $80 a day for
the reshoot which kept her away from her
family over the Thanksgiving holiday her
co-star Mark Wahlberg was paid 1.5
million for the reshoots in a supporting
role news of the pay disparity comes
just days after more than a thousand
prominent actresses writers and
directors launched The Times up project
aimed at combating sexual abuse and
harassment in the film industry we'll be
speaking with some of them in after
headlines in the Netherlands US
ambassador pete hoekstra was grilled by
dutch reporters wednesday about past
Islamophobic comments in which he blamed
islamic immigrants for setting fires in
creating no-go zones across Holland
there are cars being burned there are
politicians that are being burned
huckster said at a conservative forum in
2015 last December huckster denied
making the remarks telling a Dutch
television crew the reports were fake
news when Hector was then shown footage
in which he made the comments he denied
he'd even used the term fake news on
Wednesday in The Hague huckster spoke to
Dutch reporters for the first time since
he became US ambassador repeatedly
refusing to answer questions about his
false comments would you please take
back the remark about burned politicians
or a named a politician that was burned
and in evidence
questions
ambassador Hexter is a co-founder of the
house Tea Party caucus when he was a
congressman he supports the death
penalty opposes abortion rights and has
spoken out against marriage equality and
LGBTQ rights in Pakistan protests have
erupted nationwide after the body of a
seven-year-old girl was found raped and
murdered in a district south of Lahore
zenab Amin was last seen in surveillance
camera video holding a man's hand as she
walked near her home in the town of
casue her body was later retrieved from
a garbage dumpster it was at least that
12 such incident in the district over
the past year on Wednesday thousands
joined a funeral for the NEB protesting
the failure of Pakistani authorities to
stop the sexual assault and murder of
children in the occupied Palestinian
territories Israeli forces shot and
killed two Palestinian teenagers
Thursday as protests continued to rage
over president Trump's declaration of
Jerusalem as Israel's capital and over
us plans to move its embassy to
Jerusalem
sixteen-year-old Amira Booma Sayed was
shot dead at a protest near the Israeli
border wall in the Gaza Strip meanwhile
another 16-year old Omaha deuce was shot
and killed in the northern West Bank the
latest deaths came as Israeli officials
gave final approval to plans for over
350 new homes and Jewish only
settlements in the West Bank in defiance
of international law and multiple UN
resolutions meanwhile here in the United
States the City Council of New Orleans
Louisiana passed a resolution Thursday
pledging New Orleans will avoid
investing in our contracting with
companies that violate human rights the
resolution was drafted by the New
Orleans Palestinian solidarity committee
its passage makes New Orleans the first
city in the south and one of the largest
US cities to join the BDS movement to
boycott divest from and sanction Israel
over illegal settlements and over its
treatment of Palestinians in Los Angeles
transgender activists are planning a
vigil of resistance this evening after a
young trans latina woman from Honduras
was found murdered Tuesday people say
they found the body of Vicki Gutierrez
in a Pico Union district apartment and
suspected foul play
she's the second transgender person
killed so far in 2018 on January 5th
transgender rights advocate crystally
Steel Newlin was found beaten and
stabbed to death inside her home in
North Adams Massachusetts last year at
least 28 transgender people were
murdered in the u.s. making it the
deadliest year yet
for the transgender community Walmart
said Thursday it's closing more than 60
Sam's club stores nationwide and laying
off thousands of workers many of the
stores closed abruptly Thursday without
any warning to employees the layoffs
Kanis Walmart said it would increase its
company-wide minimum wage from 9 to $11
per hour the retailer lauded the massive
tax bill recently passed by Republicans
and signed by President Trump saying
it's tax savings would allow it to pass
along about 300 million dollars to pay
for higher wages that's a small fraction
of the estimated two billion dollars a
year the company will save from the tax
cuts according to the United Food and
Commercial Workers Union at the White
House press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders and Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin both dodged questions about
Walmart's layoffs while taking credit
for the company's wage increases
president Trump is set to undergo the
first medical exam since his
inauguration
today's physical at Walter Reed Medical
Center outside Washington will not
include a mental health screening even
though Medicare recipients over 65 are
routinely screened during physicals for
cognitive function and possible safety
risks Trump is 71 years old he recently
boasted of being a very stable genius
amidst widespread reports over his
declining mental health in Puerto Rico
the US Army Corps of Engineers has
acknowledged armed federal agents
entered a warehouse Saturday operated by
prepa the Puerto Rican Electric Power
Authority where they seized a massive
amount of rebuilding materials a
spokesperson for the Army Corps told the
intercept prepa quote lack transparency
and inventory and accountability in it's
rebuilding operations prompting federal
officials to seize supplies and begin
distributing them to contractors about
half of Puerto Ricans still have no
Electric Power a hundred fourteen days
after Hurricane Maria made landfall
devastating the island meanwhile
hospitals around the u.s. are reporting
acute shortages of IV drip bags
just as the flu season reaches its peak
after a major factory in Puerto Rico
that produces the medical devices was
badly damaged by the hurricane and Peru
thousands of protesters marched to the
streets of Lima Thursday demanding that
President Pedro Pablo Kaczynski stepped
down for pardoning the country's former
dictator the convicted murderer about
tofu Jew Mori at the time of this pardon
on Christmas Eve Fujimori had been
imprisoned for crimes including ordering
massacres by death squads in the 90s
this is protester ileana Carlin
[Music]
[Applause]
President Trump has canceled plans for a
state visit to Great Britain next month
to open the new u.s. u embassy in London
as British civil society groups promised
to organize massive protests against any
visit by Trump Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson is expected to attend in the
place of the president in a Twitter post
late Thursday Trump falsely blamed
President Obama for moving the u.s.
embassy tweeting quote reason I canceled
my trip to London is that I'm not a big
fan of the Obama administration having
sold perhaps the best located and finest
embassy in London for peanuts only to
build a new one in an off location for
1.2 billion dollars bad deal wanted me
to cut ribbon no it was the tweet in
fact it was President George W Bush
awarded the embassy move in 2008 and the
executive director of New York City's
new sanctuary coalition has been
detained by immigration and customs
enforcement
Ravi Raab beer is a nationally known
immigrants rights activist whose wife
and daughter are US citizens born in
Trinidad and Tobago Ravi had lived in
the United States for 27 years but faces
deportation because of a 2002 wire fraud
conviction for which he already served
time in jail Democracy Now has closely
followed Ravi's case he was on the show
in March the day of his last check-in
when he was told to return in January
well on Thursday morning Ravi was taken
into custody sparking a peaceful protest
that was met with police violence
democracy now's Rene felts was there at
26 Federal Plaza in downtown Manhattan
Ravi rag beer met with ice for his
regular check-in outside hundreds
circled the building in a Jericho wok
some raising their hands to pray he'd
come out
Ravi went in accompanied by his lawyer
and wife and several City Council
members and state lawmakers after nearly
two hours City Council Speaker Corey
Johnson came out with an update
Johnson said Ravi fainted when ice
agents told him he was being detained
justice Johnson spoke and ambulance
pulled up that people believed was
carrying Ravi in handcuffs on its way to
an immigrant jail blocks away violently
shoved people out of the way who were
shouting support son crying as the
emmalin's drove down Broadway city
councilmembers Udonis Rodriguez and
Jumaane Williams sat down to block its
way and were violently handcuffed and
marched away at least 18 people were
arrested the police union later claimed
the ambulance was headed to a hospital
hundreds regrouped hours later for a
vigil in front of the ice jail on Varick
Street where Ravi was reportedly taken
[Applause]
Amy joined in at Erika walk around the
jail as she's often done with her
husband in weekly vigils is backing down
I said late Thursday that Ravi had quote
exhausted his petitions and appeals
Robby's lawyer Alena das disagreed and
told Democracy Now what happened when
Ravi was told he was being deported well
he went into the check-in with Ravi and
his wife Amy and we were told
by the immigration representative that
they would be trying to enforce the
deportation order and they would be
taking him in it was horrible news to
receive we had been in conversations
with ice for many years and Ravi has
been receiving stays of removal and
recognition of both his community and
family ties his contributions as a
leader executive director of the new
sanctuary coalition and and also in
recognition of the legal challenges that
we have filed that would actually have a
chance of resolving his a case and
allowing him to stay here they didn't
allow me to accompany him as he left the
building they put handcuffs around him
and they led him to secure part of the
facility and they escorted me out so I
have not been able to talk to him since
that moment to reassure him that we
continue to fight for him but I believe
that he knows he knows what's happening
here
this is the kind of community
mobilization the community support that
he has certainly galvanized for other
people who've been in similar situations
over the years and I think he would take
great comfort in knowing that the
community has rallied
Raavi Rob beers lawyer Elina das thanks
to democracy now is Rene felts and not
Needham for that report a federal court
has now responded to an appeal Ravi's
lawyers filed thursday setting a new
hearing for january 29th and issuing a
temporary stay of removal and a
temporary order blocking Rafi Rob beers
transfer away from the New York Region
this comes as Isis online detainee
locator system lists reveille as being
detained in Florida at the chrome
Detention Facility and neither his
family nor his lawyers know for sure
where he's been taken we'll continue the
follow the case and you can watch
democracynow.org for updates this is
democracy now these are the headlines
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman
