welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I am Amy Goodman today is the federal
holiday honoring dr. Martin Luther King
he was born january 15 1929 he was
assassinated April 4 1968 at the
Lorraine Motel in Memphis Tennessee
he was just 39 years old while dr. King
is primarily remembered as a civil
rights leader he also championed the
cause of the poor organizing the Poor
People's Campaign to address issues of
economic justice dr. King was also a
fierce critic of u.s. foreign policy in
the Vietnam War in 1964 dr. King became
the youngest recipient of the Nobel
Peace Prize days before he received that
award in Oslo Norway dr. King travelled
to London on December 7th 1964 dr. King
gave a speech sponsored by the British
group Christian action about the civil
rights struggle in the United States as
well as the anti-apartheid movement in
South Africa the speech was recorded by
Saul Bernstein who was working as the
European correspondent for Pacifica
Radio Bernstein's recording was recently
discovered by Brian DeShazer director of
the Pacifica Radio archives this is that
address by dr. Martin Luther King jr. I
want to talk with you mainly about our
struggle in the United States and before
taking my seat talk about some of the
larger struggles in the whole world
some of the more difficult struggles in
places like South Africa but that is a
desperate poignant question on the lips
of people all over our country and all
over the world I get it almost
everywhere I go and almost every press
conference it is a question of whether
we are making
in a real progress in the struggle to
make racial justice a reality in the
United States of America and whenever I
seek to answer that question on the one
hand I seek to avoid an undue pessimism
on the other hand I seek to avoid a
superficial optimism and I try to
incorporate or develop what I consider a
realistic position by admitting on the
one hand that we have made many
significant strides over the last few
years in the struggle for racial justice
but by admitting that before the problem
is solved we still have numerous things
to do and many challenges to meet and it
is this realistic position that I would
like to use as a basis for our thinking
together tonight as we think about and
the problem in the United States we have
come a long long way but we have a long
long way to go before the problem is
solved now let us notice first that
we've come a long long way and I would
like to say at this point that the Negro
himself has come a long long way in
reevaluating his own intrinsic worth now
in order to illustrate this a little
history as necessary it was in the year
1619 when the first Negro slaves landed
on the shores of America and they were
brought there from the souls of Africa
unlike the Pilgrim Fathers who landed at
Plymouth a year later they were brought
there against their will and throughout
slavery the Negro was treated in a very
inhuman fashion he was a thing to be
used not a person to be respected the
United States Supreme Court rendered a
decision in 1857 known as a Dred Scott
decision which well Illustrated what
existed at that time
but in this decision the Supreme Court
of the United States said in substance
that the Negro is not a citizen of the
United States he is merely property
subject to the dictates of his owner and
it went on to say that the Negro has no
rights that the white man is bound to
respect and this was the idea that
prevailed during the days of slavery
with the growth of slavery it became
necessary to give some justification for
it you know it seems to be a fact of
life that human beings cannot continue
to do wrong without eventually reaching
out for some thin rationalization to
close an obvious wrong and the beautiful
garments of righteousness and this is
exactly what happened during the days of
slavery there are those who even missed
use the Bible and religion and to give
some justification for slavery and to
crystallize the patterns of the status
quo and so it was argued from some
pulpits that the Negro was inferior by
nature because of Noah's
curse upon the children of ham then the
Apostle Paul's dictum became a watchword
servants be obedient to your master one
brother had probably read the logic of
the great philosopher Aristotle you know
Aristotle did a great deal to bring into
being what we now know as formal logic
in philosophy
an informal logic that is a big word
known as the syllogism which has a major
premise a minor premise and a conclusion
and so this brother decided to put his
argument for the inferiority of the
Negro in the framework of an
Aristotelian syllogism he could say all
men are made in the image of God this
was a major premise in came the minor
premise God as everybody knows is not a
Negro therefore the Negro is not a man
this was the kind of reasoning that
prevailed while living with the
conditions of slavery and then later
segregation many negroes lost faith in
themselves many came to feel that
perhaps they were less than human many
came to feel that they were inferior
this it seems to me is the greatest
tragedy of slavery the greatest tragedy
of segregation not merely what it does
to the individual physically but what it
does to one psychologically its carves
the soul of the segregated as well as
the segregate oh it gives the segregate
or false sense of superiority while
leaving the segregated with a false
sense of inferiority this is exactly
what happened and then something
happened to the Negro circumstances made
it possible and necessary for him to
travel more the coming of the automobile
the upheavals of two world wars the
Great Depression and so his rule
plantation background gradually gave way
to urban industrial life his economic
life was gradually rising through the
growth of industry the development of
organized labor and expanded educational
opportunities even his cultural life was
gradually rising through the study
decline of crippling illiteracy all of
these forces can join to cause the Negro
in America to take a new look at himself
Negro masses all over began to
reevaluate themselves then something
else happened along with all of this the
Negro in the United States turned his
eyes and his mind to Africa he noticed
the Magnificent drama of Independence
taking place on the stage of African
history and noticing the developments
and noticing what was happening and
noticing what was being done on the part
of his black brothers and sisters in
Africa gave him a new sense of dignity
in the United States and a new sense of
self-respect the Negro came to feel that
he was somebody his religion revealed to
him that God loves all of his children
and that all men are made in His image
and that the basic thing about a man is
not his specificity but his fundamental
not the texture of his hair of the color
of his skin but his eternal dignity and
Worth and so the Negro in America could
now cry out unconsciously with the
eloquent port fleecy locks and black
complexion cannot forfeit nature's clean
skin may differ but affection dwells in
black and white the same and we're I so
tall as to reach the pole to grasp of
the ocean at a span I must be measured
by my soul
the mind is a standard of the man
and with this new sense of dignity and
this new sense of self-respect a new
Negro came into being with a new
determination to suffer to struggle to
sacrifice and even to die if necessary
in order to be free and this reveals
that we have come a long long way since
1619 but if we're to be true to the
facts it is necessary to say that not
only has a Negro re-evaluated his own
intrinsic worth the whole nation has
come a long long way and extending the
frontiers of civil rights I'd like to
mention just a few things that have
happened in our country which reveal
this 50 years ago or even 25 years ago a
year hardly past when numerous Negroes
were not brutally lynched by some
vicious mob fortunately lynchings have
about ceased today if one would go back
to the turn of the century you would
find that in the southern part of the
United States you had very few Negroes
registered to vote by 1948 that number
had leaped to about 750,000 1960 did
leap to a million two hundred thousand
and when we went into the presidential
election just a few weeks ago that
number had leaped to more than two
million we went into that election with
more than two million Negroes registered
to vote in the south which meant that we
in the civil rights movement by working
hard had been able to add more than
800,000 new Negroes as registered voters
in the last three years this reveals
that we made strides then when we look
at the question of economic justice as
much to do but we can at least say that
some strides have been made
the average Negro wage earner who is
employed today in the United States earn
ten times more than the average negro
waiter 'native 12 years ago the national
income of the negro is now a little
better than 28 billion dollars a year
which is all more than all of exports of
the United States and more than the
national budget of Canada this reveals
that we have made some strides in this
area but probably more than anything
else and you've read about it so much
here and all over the world I'm sure we
have noticed a gradual decline and even
demise of the system of racial
segregation now the legal history of
racial segregation had its beginning in
1896 many people feel that racial
segregation has been a reality in the
United States a long long time but the
fact is that this was a rather recent
phenomenon in our country just a little
better than 60 years old and it had its
legal beginning with the decision known
as the Plessy versus Ferguson decision
which said in substance that separate
but equal facilities could exist and it
made the doctrine of separate but equal
the law of the land we all know what
happened as a result of the old Placid
option there was always a strict
enforcement of the separate without the
slightest intention to abide by the
equal and the Negro ended up being
plunged into the abyss of exploitation
where he experienced the bleakness of
nagging injustice but then something
marvelous happened the Supreme Court of
our nation in 1954 examined the legal
body of segregation and on May 17th of
that year pronounced it constitutionally
dead it said in substance that the old
please' doctrine must go that separate
facilities are inherently unequal and
that the segregated child on the basis
of his race is to deny that shall equal
protection of the law and so we've seen
many changes since that momentous
decision was rendered in 1954 that came
as a great beacon light of hope to
millions of disinherited people all over
our nation then something else happened
which brought joy to all of our hearts
it happened this year was last year
after the struggle in Birmingham Alabama
the late President Kennedy came to
realize there was a basic issue that our
country had to grapple with with a sense
of concern and a sense of immediacy he
made a great speech a few days before
rather it was really on the same day
that the University of Alabama was to be
integrated in governor Wallace stood in
the door and tried to block that
integration when mr. Kennedy had to have
the National Guard federalized he stood
before the nation and said in eloquent
terms the problem which we faced in the
area of civil rights is not merely a
political issue it is not merely an
economic issue it is at bottom or moral
issue it is as old as the scriptures and
as modern as a constitution it is a
question of whether we will treat our
negro brothers as we ourselves would
like to be treated and on the heels of
that break speech she went and not
recommended to the congress of our
nation the most comprehensive civil
rights bill ever recommended by any
president of our great nation
unfortunately after many months of
battle for a period we got a little
tired of that you know there are some
men in our country who like to talk a
lot maybe you've read about the filibus
and you know they get bogged down in the
paralysis of analyses and they will just
go on and on and on and they wanted to
talk that bill today President Lyndon
Johnson got to work he started calling
congressmen and Senators in he started
meeting day in and day out with
influential people in the country and
making it clear that that bill had to
pass as a tribute to the late President
Kennedy but also as a tribute to the
greatness of the country and as an
expression of its dedication to the
American Dream and it was that great day
last summer that bill came into being it
was on July 2nd that mr. Johnson signed
that deal and it became the law of the
land and so in America now we have a
civil rights bill and I'm happy to
report to you that by Lorde's that bill
is being implemented in communities all
across the south we have seen some
surprising levels of compliance even in
some communities in the state of
Mississippi and whenever you can find
anything right in Mississippi things are
getting better dr. Martin Luther King's
speaking in London December 7 1964 we'll
return to the speech after this break
[Music]
brain
[Music]
Nina Simone's singing the king of love
is dead this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman in this democracy
now exclusive we return to dr. Martin
Luther King jr. in his own words from a
recording recently discovered by the
Pacifica Radio archives this is from
December 7th 1964 in London just days
before dr. King received the Nobel Peace
Prize in Oslo Norway three civil rights
workers were brutally murdered near
Philadelphia Mississippi all of this
reveals to us that we have not achieved
the level of Brotherhood we have not
achieved the Brotherhood that we need
and that we must have in our nation we
still have a long long way to go
I mentioned voter registration and the
fact that we had been able to add about
800,000 new registered voters in the
last two or three years the fact that
it's over two million now I guess that
sounded like real progress and it does
represent some progress but let me give
you the other side and that is the fact
that there are still more than 10
million Negroes living in the southern
part of the United States and some six
million of the Negroes living in the
southern part of the United States are
our voting age and yet on the 2 million
are registered this means that 4 million
remain unregistered not merely because
they are apathetic not because they are
complacent this may be true some too
because all types of conniving methods
are still being used to keep Negroes
from becoming registered voters complex
literacy tests are given which make it
almost impossible for anybody to pass
the test even if it has a PhD degree in
interfere
law degree from the best law schools of
the world and then actual economic
reprisals often taken out against
Negroes who seek to register and vote in
some of the black belt counters of
Mississippi and Alabama and other places
then some were actually faced with
physical violence and sometimes physical
death this reveals that we have a great
deal that must be done in this area I'm
it's an economic justice and I'm sure
that that figure twenty eight billion
dollars sounded very large that's a lot
of money but then I must go on and give
you the other side if I'm to be honest
about the picture that is the fact that
42 percent of the Negro families of the
United States still earn less than
$2,000 a year while just 16 percent of
the white families earn less than $2,000
a year 21 percent of the Negro families
of America and less than $1,000 a year
Wow just five percent of the white
families earn less than $1,000 a year
and then we face the fact that 88
percent of the Negro families of America
earn less than $5,000 a year while just
58 percent of the white families earn
less than $5,000 a year so we can see
that that is still a great goal between
the house so to speak and the have-nots
and if America is to continue to grow
and progress and develop and move on
toward its greatness this problem must
be solved now this economic problem is
getting more serious because of many
forces alive in our world for many years
Negroes were denied adequate educational
opportunities for many years Negroes
were even denied apprenticeship training
and so the forces of Labor and Industry
so often discriminated against Negroes
and this meant that the Negro ended up
being limited by and large to unskilled
and semi-skilled labor now because of
the forces
formation and cybernation these are the
jobs that are now passing away and so
the Negro wakes up in a city like
Detroit Michigan
and discovers that he's 28% of the
population and about 72% of unemployed
non-auto to grapple with that problem
our federal government will have to
develop massive retraining programs
massive public works programs so that
automation can be a blessing as it must
be to our society and not a curse then
the other thing when we think of this
economic problem we must think of the
fact that that is nothing more dangerous
than to build a society with a segment
in that society which feels that it has
no stake in the society nothing more
dangerous than to build a society with
the number of people who see life is
little more than a long and desolate
corridor with no exit sign they end up
with despair because they have no jobs
because they can't educate that children
because they can't live in a nice home
because they can't have adequate health
facilities we always hear of the various
reasons why and the various myths
concerning integration and why
integration shouldn't come into being
those people who argue against
integration at this point often say well
if you integrate the public schools for
instance you will pull the white race
back a generation and they like to talk
about the cultural lag in the Negro
community and then they go on to say now
you know the Negro is a criminal and he
has the highest crime rate and in his
city that you can find in the United
States and the arguments go on ad
infinitum
why integration shouldn't come into
being but I think there's an answer to
that that is
there is cultural lag in the Negro
community and there certainly is this
lag is there because of segregation and
discrimination it's there because of
long years of slavery and segregation
criminal responses are not racial but
environmental poverty economic
deprivation social isolation and all of
these things breed crime whatever the
racial group may be and it is a
torturous logic to use the tragic
results of racial segregation as an
argument for the continuation of it it
is necessary sort of necessary to see
this to go all out to make economic
justice a reality all over our nation
