[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman in Yemen the us-backed
saudi-led coalition bombed a new Doctors
Without Borders cholera clinic in
Yemen's Northwest ABS region Doctors
Without Borders said that before the air
strike the group had provided the
coordinates of the clinic to the
saudi-led coalition and that the roof of
the building clearly identified it as a
medical site the ongoing US backed
saudi-led war in Yemen has sparked the
world's worst cholera epidemic
afflicting more than a million people
this comes as the United Nations is
warning an impending saudi-led offensive
on the Yemeni port city of Hoda could
have catastrophic humanitarian
consequences this is mark lowkick the un
under-secretary-general for Humanitarian
Affairs seven million people are
completely reliant every month on food
and more than seven million on other
assistance from humanitarian
organizations
sowho data is absolutely central to the
preserving of life and if for any period
who data were not to operate effectively
the consequences in humanitarian terms
would be catastrophic
The Wall Street Journal reports the
Trump administration is weighing
expanding its role in the war in Yemen
by providing direct assistance to the
impending saudi-led offensive against
the port city of her data we are joined
by ro Khanna Democratic Congress member
from California co-authored a bipartisan
letter calling for defense secretary
James Madison to help prevent a
catastrophic military operation on the
port city of hodie de welcome to
Democracy Now congressman kind of talk
about what you are calling for well it
would be an appalling catastrophe if the
Saudis attacked the port of Howe data
first of all it would lead to
extraordinary civilian
loss of life you couldn't have that kind
of attack without massive civilian
casualties second Yemenis civilians rely
on that port for basic access to food
and medicine we have it in our power to
make sure that the Saudis don't launch
that offensive I have called for and
senator Sanders had called for us
stopping any aid to the Saudis in terms
of refueling in terms of targeting
assistance in Yemen that's causing this
catastrophe but even absent stopping
that fueling certainly we have the
leverage to insist with the Saudis that
they don't attack the port what do you
know about this Doctors Without Borders
cholera clinic that the Saudi regime
just bombed they said they gave their
coordinates to the Saudis we have heard
this so many times before in other
places for example in Afghanistan well
it's really shocking and unconscionable
and this is not the only incident we've
had reports over the last year year and
a half about the Saudis indiscriminately
bombing civilian sites bombing relief
workers and that's not something that
the United States should in any way
participate in our refueling of the
saudi planes is something the Saudis
desperately rely on we started doing
that as ESOP to Saudi Arabia of when we
did the Iran deal we thought okay we're
going to do this a ron deal and the
Saudis are insistent on this so let's
provide some assistance it was a mistake
I don't think anyone would have
anticipated the level of humanitarian
catastrophe in Yemen it's important to
understand that this is not a
counterterrorism operation in Yemen
against al Qaeda
this is an active interference in the
Saudi efforts to bomb the Houthis and
engage in a civil war so the United
States needs to stop
our role in furthering the Saudi efforts
and we certainly need to do everything
in our power to stop the Saudis from
attacking the poor Defoe data
congressman Khanna The Wall Street
Journal is reporting the Trump
administration is weighing a request by
the United Arab Emirates to expand the
u.s. role in the war in Yemen by
providing direct assistance to the
impending offensive against the port
city of Hadid oh so you're talking about
Oh Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates
these are the countries also that
particularly Jared Kushner president
Trump's son-in-law senior advisor to
President Trump is very close to what
does this direct assistance mean and how
is this happening without congressional
approval well there's been candidly a
lack of transparency by the Trump
administration in the past when
secretary mattis has testified to the
Armed Services Committee on which I said
he has been very clear that our efforts
in Yemen are largely limited to
counterterrorism operations against Al
Qaeda and that he has said that the
United States does not have an active
role in assisting the Saudis in their
fight against the Houthis but then we
are hearing reports that that is not
true and that they're considering
expanding our aid to the Saudis not
because of counterterrorism interests
but really because of the civil war
which is a proxy war with Iran and so
that is what prompted several of us to
write secretary mattis a letter at the
very least we need transparency from the
administration about our objectives in
Yemen they are relying on the 2001 AUMF
authorization of force which allows us
to go after al-qaeda or its affiliates
anywhere in the world that was overly
broad but even under that authorization
of force there is no authority to go
after the Houthis and the administration
just needs to be far more transparent
and we're going to demand transparent
answers from secretary mattis and others
about the United Arab Emirates
it's United Arab Emirates and Saudi
Arabia what is the US interests in both
of these places well we see them both as
allies candidly a to contain Iran in
this type of balance of power politics
has gotten us into a lot of problems in
the Middle East and unfortunately we're
continuing the same type of thinking
saying that we need to ally with
countries that maybe a check on Iranian
expansion unfortunately the
administration has continued down that
path of thinking without any authority
from the United States Congress but the
first step is to really understand what
our involvement and role is in Yemen the
administration has been very coy
about admitting that we're actually
aiding the Saudis in as proxy Civil War
aiding the United Arab Emirates in a
proxy war in Yemen against Iran because
they know that has absolutely no
authorization under congressional by
Congress and talk more about this for
people are not familiar with the u.s.
role why the u.s. is it all involved in
this on the side of Saudi Arabia now
under Obama for a period they were
directly assisting then as you pointed
out they put some limitations on that
assistance if you could explain what
that was and what caused that and then
how Trump himself is responding do you
think he has any understanding of what's
happening in Yemen with I mean not even
to mention the deaths something like
15,000 but talking about just people
afflicted with cholera the worst
situation in the world over a million
Yemenis are suffering from cholera the
doctors without borders' clinic was a
cholera clinic you're right to point out
the humanitarian catastrophe I mean this
is the single worst humanitarian crisis
in the world and unfortunately in this
case unlike in Rwanda in the past or in
Bosnia the United States has had a role
because we initially provided aid to the
Saudis and we continue to refuel their
planes
the reason for our aid to the Saudis was
as a balance to our supporting Iran with
the Iran deal we were negotiating with
Iran to have the Iran deal
the Saudis complain to the Obama
administration at the time saying we
feel insecure with the normalization of
the relationship with Iran and the
administration made a decision that they
would provide some assistance to the
Saudis partly to make sure that the
Saudis still felt secure in their
relationship with the United States now
when you talk to most of the former
Obama administration officials they will
say that was a mistake
that they could never have fathomed the
level of brutality of the Saudi regime
in Yemen they couldn't have fathom the
civilian casualties they tried to wind
it down well then they realized that the
Trump administration was coming in but
it was too late for them to wind down
the efforts and the support to the
Saudis and then the Trump administration
comes in and they redouble their support
of the Saudis and the United Arab
Emirates as a check on Iran the Trump
administration is singularly focused on
containing Iran on supporting allies of
ours that may help us box Iran in and so
the administration has doubled down on
aiding the Saudis in this catastrophe
and with a huge civilian loss of life
and what about cluster bombs congressman
Khanna the u.s. I mean actually this was
during the Obama years 2010 selling
something like Oh hundreds of millions
of dollars worth of cluster bombs to
Saudi Arabia
well it's appalling that we did that and
I don't think they could have
anticipated how these would be used I
mean that doesn't make it excusable we
shouldn't have done it but now that we
see directly the Saudis use of these
bombs in killing civilians we should at
the very least stop any of our direct
aid to the Saudis
in the efforts with bombing the Hootie's
here's what the administration does they
try to conflate the issue they say well
al Qaeda is in Yemen al Qaeda poses a
threat to the United States and where he
engaged in counterterrorism operations
many of us on the Armed Services
Committee and in Congress have called on
the administration to be clear about the
distinction of counterterrorism
operations and our support of the Saudis
in their bombing of the Houthis and the
administration has been unwilling to
make that distinction and so they just
hope that there's not the scrutiny that
we are continue to support the Saudis
and the Saudis have had almost no regard
for human rights or humanitarian
interests
congressman Khanna you've also called
for an investigation into whether US
allies in Yemen were responsible
involved with torturing prisoners and if
US personnel are directly involved in
that well that's one of the very sad
things about Yemen is this is not the
United States way of doing business
these are not our values no one in the
Congress Republican or Democrat would
condone the way the Saudis and the
United Arab Emirates have been
conducting the campaign in Yemen and yet
because we have been of providing
refueling because we have been assisting
in targeting we have been caught up in
this war so I have said we need to at
the very least investigate allegations
of serious war crimes that are being
committed there torture among that and
make sure that the United States has no
role or if they did have a role to
discipline and take appropriate action
against US personnel who were involved
but more broadly that until the United
States stops the assistance to the
Saudis and the United Arab Emirates
we're rarely complicit in a war that
does not comport with human rights or
our own standards of conduct and what
been the response because your
legislation that you introduced called
on defense secretary James maddest a
probe this what has been the response
not only of mattis but also Republicans
and Democrats your fellow Democrats in
Congress well I would say over the last
year there has been much greater
awareness in the Congress and frankly in
the country about the catastrophe in
Yemen there were almost forty four
senators who voted to stop any aid to
South the Saudis in their campaign
against a Yemen we had a strong vote in
the House of Representatives recognizing
that this was going on our aid to the
Saudis and recognizing that it wasn't
authorized but we still have not had
transparency from the administration we
have not had a clear public response and
what we are asking the administration
for is a very clear public response to
three questions what is our role in the
assistance with the Saudis in their
campaign against the Houthis second what
are we doing to make sure that the
United States isn't engaged in any
torture or war crimes and third what are
we doing to make sure that everything is
done to prevent the Saudis from
attacking the port of Howe data we have
not received a transparent response and
we need more voices in Congress to make
it clear that the funding of the u.s.
efforts in the Middle East will be a
contingent on them giving us and the
American people a transparent response
to these questions yeah an Eglin the
secretary-general of the Norwegian
Refugee Council said we cannot have war
and hoda it would be like war in
Rotterdam or Antwerp these are
comparable cities of Europe it said that
in order for people in the United States
to he feels to have sympathy where you
have to compare it to a European city
but with 80% of the aid flowing through
yo da da da what about the significance
of this particular port
well I appreciate and agree with the
perspective of the Undersecretary of the
United Nations he's absolutely right the
first point is it would just be a
catastrophe of civilian casualties an
attack on our data would mean thousands
and thousands of women and children and
civilians would die
second the pórtico data is the only
place right now for practical purposes
that food and medicine can get into
Yemenis civilians so this is one would
think it just should be common sense
that the United States and the
international community would be doing
everything in our power to keep that
port open in the past even ambassador
nikki Haley has talked about the
importance of that port for civilians
and it would be really a dereliction of
our own values to not do everything in
our power to stop that attack and do
everything in our power to stop
refueling the Saudis from their bombing
campaign in Yemen finally ro Cana we in
part one of our conversation we talked
about this historic summit in in
Singapore between North Korea and the
United States what about the u.s.
approach to Iran pulling out of the
nuclear deal there and then making this
deal the beginning of a deal with North
Korea well I think the Democrats need to
have a clear different foreign policy
from the neoconservative world view we
need to be for a foreign policy of
military restraint engagement in
diplomacy I supported the Iran deal as
in many of my colleagues saying let's
reset the relationship with Iran going
back to the original sin of 1953 in the
overthrow Mosaddegh
let's start anew well you can't be for
engagement with Iran and resetting the
relationships with Iran and then when it
comes to North Korea just because you
have a Republican president say we're
now not for engagement in North Korea we
should listen to the advice of Bill
Perry who was so successful in the
nineteen
of helping engage North Korea and we
should welcome the efforts to engage
with North Korea and to try to bring a
framework towards peace
we should criticize the president when
he isn't prepared or when he isn't
taking steps that are constructive but
we should embrace the broader framework
and I think it's just critical whether
it's on Yemen whether it's an R on Iran
whether it's on North Korea whether it's
on Ukraine for the Democratic Party to
be the voice for restraint of our
military power engagement in diplomacy
engagement in fighting climate climate
change in supporting education in
exporting our values we need to provide
a real alternative to the
neoconservative foreign policy of the
last 20-30 years and in your letter
which is also a response to Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham calling for
authorization for a military strike on
North Korea if this deal does not work
out what would that look like in
Congress well Lindsey Graham is just
being totally irresponsible and the
joint chiefs of staff or even secretary
mattis would tell you there is no
military solution in North Korea on the
Korean Peninsula a millions would die if
there was a war and god forbid a nuclear
weapons were launched and I frankly
don't understand why people continue to
go to Lindsey Graham who has been wrong
about Iraq wrong about Syria not wrong
about expanding NATO wrong about Libya
he's the last person that we should be a
listening to and we need to instead in
the Congress make it clear that we
should not have a preemptive strike
against North Korea and that is
legislation I have introduced with John
Conyers that introduced it before me and
we have a lot of people supporting that
legislation I want to thank you very
much for being with us or O'Connor
Democratic Congress member from
California from Silicon Valley as
co-author to bipartisan letter calling
for defense secretary James maddest to
help prevent a catastrophic
traffic military operation in Yemen on
the port of Hoda this is democracy now
to see part one of our conversation with
the congressman go to democracynow.org
I'm Amy Goodman thanks for joining us
[Music]
