this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez well this week marks
six months since hurricane Harvey caused
historic flooding in Houston Texas the
fourth largest city in the United States
and one of the most diverse cities in
the nation Houston is also home to the
largest refining and petrochemical
complex in the country we'll spend the
rest of the hour looking at the state of
environmental justice in Houston since
the storm as federal money for
rebuilding trickles in Houston's chief
recovery czar is the president of Shell
Oil Marvin Odum whose past experience
includes rebuilding shells oil and gas
facilities after Hurricane Katrina
this is Odum speaking Thursday this
comes as newly released federal records
obtained by The Associated Press show it
took nearly four times as long to house
people and trailers after Harvey as
Hurricane Katrina and repairs two houses
have been much slower than after 2012
superstorm sandy immigrants and
fenceline communities who suffer from
pollution along Houston's industrial
cart are still largely absent from much
of the discussion about how the city
plans to recover well today we get an
update from people working to change
that who first joined us in the weeks
following hurricane Harvey when we went
down to Houston we host a roundtable
discussion with dr. Robert Bullard
father of environmental justice Bryan
Paris of the Sierra Club undocumented
immigrant activists SR Espinosa and
Goldman environmental Prize winner
Holton Kelly who just received his FEMA
trailer I want to begin with dr. Robert
Bullard whose house we visited just
after he'd been evacuated and then come
back dr. Bullard is a distinguished
professor at Texas Southern University
on the steering committee of the
Coalition for Environment equity and
resilience his books include invisible
Houston the black experience in boom and
bust welcome back to
ma cracy now dr. Bullard six months
after what is the state of Houston for
the different communities and how
disparate has been the response to them
in cleanup well Houston is is a big city
and it has very diverse communities and
there were extreme inequality when it
comes to environmental protection and
land use and and problems related to
land and and air quality and Harvey
exacerbated that made those inequalities
and disparities come alive and be more
apparent in terms of the larger larger
community and so what we've seen is is
that many communities are bouncing back
have come back and those resources are
are able to get back quicker and it
should be no surprise or it's not rocket
science to understand that disasters
exacerbate inequality and so those
communities that struggle before the
storm are still struggling after and so
what we have to do is to ensure that all
boats rise and all communities are able
to recover in a way that make them much
more resilient and much healthier when
resources flow into the city and dr.
Bullard talking about those resources
the Trump administration initially got a
lot of praise for its response to
Harvey's impact but that that hasn't
followed through I understand the mayor
of Houston recently complained that only
1,100 households have been approved by
FEMA for assistance where there were
three hundred and forty five thousand
households that were affected your sense
of how the federal response has either
exacerbated or ameliorated the the
inequities that existed in Houston
before the storm well if you look at
those families and households that have
nest eggs and resources
actually started to recover and rebuild
shortly as the you know after the water
receded and they were able to get back
in mucking gut but but for those
families and households that are that
are more vulnerable and and need
assistance from the feds and may not
have had insurance or may not have had
any private funds or they own to to fix
to fix up and rebuild they're still
waiting and I think it's important that
that we understand that that we have a
recovery going on in Houston is very
entrepreneurial and and prides itself is
as taking charge but but there's still
that invisible side of Houston that
historically have gotten left behind
before there were storms and in floods
and and so I think that's where we have
a large segment of our of our community
that is still waiting and and suffering
and I think that's a that's the sad
thing about it that it's slipped it
slipped off the radar for the most part
in its but but that's no less a priority
that that has to be dealt with I want to
go to Texas governor Greg Abbott who
said the state expects to receive more
than a billion dollars from FEMA for
hazard mitigation projects like home
buyouts and elevations or to build sea
walls governor Abbott speaking in
January now we have said from the very
beginning that as we rebuild we wanted
to do more than just rebuild like it was
before
we wanted to rebuild in a way that would
reduce future risk to property and lives
and that is precisely the definition of
what Hazard Mitigation funds are for
this comes as officials in Harris County
where Houston is located plan to ask
voters to approve at least 1 billion
dollars to help pay for flood control
projects I talked about how this funding
is being spent dr. Bullard well I think
the issue for many of us who have been
working with communities for many years
in Houston is that they're the
often times it's no level of
transparency as to what what the regular
person on the street understand how
decisions are being made and how plans
are being developed and I think the
whole idea of of trying to get a sense
of its well money follow need will money
follow power and the the idea of
mitigation
you know the flood mitigation is very
important that we talk about rebuilding
and recovering in a way that we don't
reproduce the inequality that existed
before so so when we talk about an
environmental justice standpoint it has
to be fair and equitable and it's
flooding plus it's also not just
flooding that the issues that we are
concerned about it's also those upsets
and restarts shutdowns of these
industries that created lots of
pollution during this storm but but also
emitted lots of pollution before the
storm and those are kinds of things we
have to also deal with the the lack of
addressing the environmental problems
the Superfund sites that were flooded
the communities that that are that have
been flooded routinely in the last three
years that before that was Harvey and so
those are things that I think we have to
look at and make sure that resources and
plans are put into the system and that
and that there's a good civic engagement
plan and opportunity for people to
involve themselves in the
decision-making as opposed to
individuals making decisions at the top
and then announcing that that's what I
think we are talking about and when we
our different our coalition that that
has come about because of wanting to get
more citizens participation and public
input into the process well we're also
joined by Brian Paris as an organizer
for the Sierra Club and I wanted to ask
you about the the impact of the
obviously the petrochemical industry is
centered there in Houston what we know
about the the spills and the pollution
that occurred during the store
and afterwards in how the monitoring of
Public Health is going on well think
thank you all and on the cusp of the
Supreme Court decision I want to express
my solidarity with the union workers
I've got my union shirt on proud member
and you know it's it's it's an excellent
point to make because what we've seen in
Houston and places of communities that
live so close to these facilities the
the health impacts aren't always
immediately seen they take years and
years to gestate sometimes decades and
right now there are a number of entities
doing research projects to look at some
of these health impacts UT Health Baylor
College Medicine
Texas A&M and one thing I will say is
that you know Houston and the
communities and community groups like
Tejas and Koko and others that are
starting in Pasadena and other parts of
the city you know are getting organized
and they are documenting these health
impacts you know they're working with
researchers and we're probably going to
see you know a big health impact as a
result of this I've been to several
funerals just in the last two months you
know way more than usual and whether
those are related or not directly or
indirectly to the storm it's it's a fact
it's it's happening you know the stress
alone from you know being in these
storms and and the unknowing you know
and and the risk that you know are being
taken at these facilities you know it's
just a lot for any person Brian we were
with you in Houston as you took us on a
toxic tour during Hurricane harvey more
than 40 industrial facilities in East
Houston shut down and restarted
releasing nearly two thousand tons of
excess emissions in addition to normal
operations other environmental hazards
included chemical plant explosions
flooded Superfund sites now it's new
Texas A&M study that included the
Manchester area of East Houston shows
these potentially carcinogenic
pollutants were distributed across the
state by wind and flooding researchers
said the post disaster environmental
exposures at
to ongoing chronic environmental
exposures and also noted quote the
tandem growth of disaster frequencies
and populations living near
industrialized areas has brought greater
attention to the potential health
effects of environmental contamination
associated with joint natural and
technological disasters and talk about
the fact that the head of does recovery
itself is the head of one of the largest
oil companies in the world I mean it's
it's it's really upsetting to see that
the Odom was appointed as the recovery
czar and you know it's also he is and
and who he is in his long history right
it's it was reported a few weeks ago too
that he actually profited from homes
that were built in the reservoir direct
conflict of interest and you know as my
dad says you know there was extensive
flooding widespread flooding on the west
side but on the east side the
communities they're flooded with
chemicals every day and we saw an
upsurge of that during the storm before
the storm and after the storm you know
with these shutdowns and restarts but
also the spills and leaks you know that
weren't reported until communities got
active and started voicing their
opinions you know and and and witnessing
you know these these spills we're gonna
break and then come back to this
discussion that's Brian Paris with the
Sierra Club and Tejas dr. Robert Bullard
father of the environmental justice
movement we'll come back we'll also be
joined by Hilton Kelly who's in Port
Arthur outside Texas just got a FEMA
trailer and say sorry no son documented
himself represents so many undocumented
immigrants and what they've experienced
since the hurricane six months ago stay
with us this is democracy now I'm Amy
Goodman with Juan Gonzalez well it's
been six months since Hurricane Harbor
closed historic flooding in Houston
Texas the fourth-largest city in the
United States well we continue our
roundtable discussion on the state of
the city and the environmental justice
movement in the wake of the storm
joining us is dr. Robert Bullard the
father of environmental justice Brian
Paris of the Sierra Club on
demented immigrant activists SR Espinoza
and environmental the goldman
environmental prize-winner hilton kelly
who just received his FEMA trailer six
months after the storm
Hilton K I'd like to go to you you know
we heard about the budget deal that
Congress made about ninety billion
dollars in disaster assistance is
supposedly coming to Texas Florida Porto
Rico and California to help the
residents there adjust to and recover
from these and these disasters could you
talk about what's been happening in
Texas and the problem with this federal
a that it's got to go through the states
it doesn't necessarily go directly to
the localities affected and how that
what happens in the process of this aid
getting to the actual of victims Hilton
Kelly that question was for you and also
yes Hilton Kelly yes to you yes down on
the ground here in the Port Arthur Texas
is that we have a lot of folks that have
been displaced a lot of apartment
renters a lot of home owners and of
course FEMA came out and they assessed
the properties but many of the
properties that were assessed were
fairly say unfairly assessed most people
are having to appeal the judgment for
what they received to help do repairs
many of the residents in our area were
given a certain amount of funding to
help with those repairs but it's not
enough about eighty percent of the folks
that receive FEMA sisters or appealing
that decision in our community because
it's well below what contractors have a
bid it for our work that needs to be
done and I am included in that as Bend
folks we have at least fifty percent
additional damage that
a bill that they might just seem to but
we are appreciative for what we do get
but here it's just not enough to rebuild
and those folks who are renters many of
the apartment complexes in this area the
bottom half of those people downstairs
are still people should have a right to
return many of them were brought to
places like Dallas Louisiana places
around Louisiana and other north areas
north of Texas it's really a mess even
though a lot of times to be here like
it's not as much anymore but people are
really suffering behind the scene or
nautically and many of our elders or
just living in squalor because FEMA did
not see that their homes worth were
damage to that sort of therefore they
didn't give them any money many people
did not give anything for FEMA we're
gonna turn to Cesare Espinosa who is
head of Fjell who represents
undocumented immigrants throughout
Houston so hard hit the double whammy of
the hurricane that hit everyone and also
the precarious position that you and so
many of them are in cess are if you can
talk about what's happened in this six
months I mean you have a spending bill
that included funding for FEMA but not
for daca and for dealing with the crisis
that you are dealing with in Houston
it's it's really important to point out
that the undocumented community was
dealing with multiple storms at the time
at the time that the actual storm was
happening there was the storm with SB 4
there was a storm with Dhaka and
actually soon after right after the
storm passes Donald Trump announces that
they're rescinding the daca program so
we have you know one of the stories that
I like to highlight is the story of his
sous Contreras who was a paramedic
during harvey saving lives an
undocumented immigrant saving he's
throwing in lives without asking for
immigration status and
he he comes home at the end of the week
just to find out that his dacha
protection is gonna be over even though
he gave everything during that week
worked 24 hours almost every day to make
sure that his stone ian's were safe so
it's been very perilous in the last
couple of months as we know Congress has
been trying to quote unquote start
negotiations on on immigration but
unfortunately because of the government
deadlock we haven't really gone anywhere
so we are still dealing with multiple
the other thing too is important to
highlight is that we may not know how
many undocumented people were affected
by Harvey because a lot of people just
did not come forward so we still
continue to be a population that remains
under the radar that's going to be has
moved around and has faced many of these
wells just by themselves and what about
this whole issue of if you're
undocumented and you were a victim of
the storm of you lost your home clearly
FEMA and the federal government will
likely not provide aid but what about
local authorities in the local city
government have they tried to step into
the breach here at the beginning there
was a lot of support for the
undocumented community a lot of
organizations are coming forward they
were asking for people to go into the
shelters without asking for immigration
status the mayor came out and very
forcefully said that folks would not be
asked for status when going to shelters
unfortunately in the more long-term
approach we have not seen a lot of the
aid that has come to the remainder of
the community come to the undocumented
community so there's still disparities
there and that's created issues because
like I said a lot of people were living
in precarious conditions because they
could not because of their lack of
status they a lot of land lords were
taking advantage of them and it still
continues to happen a lot of these folks
are moving now to other apartment
complexes or are there homes where
because of their undocumented status
people are taking advantage of them so
there's many we could talk for hours
about all the disparities that are
happening happening not only in Houston
but more in depth to the undocumented
community so we are asking city
government to step in we're asking the
federal government also to step in and
help out everybody equitable
I want to read a part of a Houston
Chronicle column headlined after Harvey
Houston needs petrochemicals more than
ever quote we don't need though is the
hyperbole coming from environmental
groups like the Sierra Club last week
for as long as I can remember my
hometown of Houston has been littered
with dangerous chemical plants oil and
gas refineries and hazardous waste
facilities Brian Paris a Sierra Club
organizer wrote in a statement he goes
on these sites of cause devastation for
my family my friends my neighbors for
years polluting our air and water with
deadly toxins yes he really did say
devastation the op-ed says and it goes
on to conclude in fact these plants are
critical to rebuilding after true
devastation that was the Houston
chronicles business columnist it was the
day we we broadcast the toxic tour Brian
that we did with you that Eastern
Chronicle went on the attack against you
so talk about this the response of this
business columnist was we need plastics
and don't engage in hyperbole right well
you know it has been devastating and I
think thousands tens of thousands of
people would would agree and to the to
the Paul Tomlinson you know I would I
would ask him you know to get up and
pick up all the plastics that are now
littered across the bayous that have
just recently been reported in Houston
what we what we don't need is language
that dismisses the real dangers the
causes that have exacerbated these
storms and made them more frequent what
we don't need is hyperbole on the other
side you know saying that everything is
fine everything is not fine and you know
people are getting organized I don't
think it's a simple answer you know I
