[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
today we bring you part 2 of our
discussion of an explosive report in the
new york times magazine headlined why
America's black mothers and babies are
in a life-or-death crisis that's the
title of the piece the answer to the
disparity and death rates has everything
to do with the lived experience of being
black a black woman in America its
author Linda via Rosa directs the
journalism program at City College of
New York I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen
Shaikh professor via Rosa talked about
the woman you begin your peace with
named Simone Landrum so Simone Landrum
to me is a hero she has had a very hard
life but is a very resilient person
really strong-willed good sense of humor
given what's happened to her so she had
two children and then she got pregnant
with a little girl which she was really
happy about she really wanted to have a
girl child but she noticed that her
during this pregnancy something was very
different so first of all she noticed
swelling in her face and extreme
headaches so every time she would tell
her doctor that she had these headaches
and they were worse than the usual
headache he would say take tylenol and
she'd say no and my headache is quite
bad and he'd say take more so then she
had a prenatal prenatal visit about six
weeks before her due date and the
headache was extreme and also her blood
pressure spiked in the office and so he
said to her she was you know upset so he
said to her you have two choices either
we can take you upstairs to labor and
delivery and you can have this baby now
which is not really feasible how many
months pregnant she was six weeks away
from her a delivery date and then or you
can sit down and calm down and we can
try to get your blood pressure down and
so she felt that that was disrespectful
to her that it was more about his
convenience and his schedule and so what
happened was so she sat there she got
her blood
you're down but four days later she went
into a crisis she was in her car and she
thought her water had broken and she
looked down and it was blood so she got
herself in an ambulance to the hospital
and she was basically bleeding out and
the nurse put a monitor to her stomach
and there was no heartbeat to the baby
and so she realized that her baby had
passed away and that she was in a crisis
she was dying because of extreme blood
loss so they took the baby with a
c-section she survived the baby didn't
come she had named the baby harmony and
she passed away so then she got pregnant
the next year and she was determined not
to have this happen again and she was
afraid and so she ended up getting
attached to a doula letona D WA who was
another hero of this story explain what
a doula is so a doula is a professional
person who is with a woman during
pregnancy during labor and delivery and
in the weeks after the baby's born just
to make sure to advocate to make sure
that everything goes well to be a source
of information and also to be a source
of support and comfort and studies show
that women who have worked with doulas
have better out better pregnancy
outcomes so she got with this doula and
the good thing about this doula
collective it's called birthmark doula
collective is that their social justice
and birth justice oriented so they
worked with her for free and so she so I
came I went to one of their early
sessions and I saw the most beautiful
interaction between these two women
they're very different letona is very
mellow and Simone was very afraid and
she calmed her down she talked her
through she talked about her prenatal
visits and she made a birth plan for her
so then I was actually there most a lot
of the time and her baby was do that the
doctor was going to induce her on
Thursday because it the pregnancy was
going Pat was going post-term so on
Monday we
for the prenatal visit and you saw on
the screen that something was wrong that
the baby's heart rate looked like
chicken scratching and the doctor called
down to where she was having the test
and and said we need to get the baby
tonight we need to take the baby today
so she got induced letona the doula came
she was wearing these cute little purple
scrubs and had lavender oil and was just
very calm and it wasn't you know it was
kind of dramatic but in the end Simone
had a healthy baby
his name is Kingston blest which is the
perfect name for this child and she also
got to introduce this baby to her other
two sons who lost their little sister
and that was the moment for many of us
that just felt like complete very
complete and complete in this woman's
life and complete in this family's life
well I want to go back to something that
you point out in this piece which is you
know it's such a dramatic figure that
black infants now are more than twice as
likely to die as white infants which is
a disparity that was greater than
existed in 1850 so could you explain why
that is I mean even according to the
term that you mentioned in the first
part of our interview weathering what
accounts for the fact that during
slavery there was less infant mortality
than there is today in in 2017 there
were certainly more raw deaths
I mean deaths then but if you look at
these numbers so I actually looked at
the numbers and I said what would it
mean if there was no disparity if there
was no black/white disparity what would
happen how many people would be saved
four thousand babies black babies would
be saved per year if the disparity was
closed I am not sure exactly why this
has happened but I this is happening but
I am thinking that we really need to
look much more closely at both the lived
experience of being a black woman in
America and what it does to our bodies
as well as the treatment women get in
the
little system I think doulas and other
birth workers are a solution for right
now as we grapple with changing the
system that is unfair to people of color
but I think doulas connect the
technology that we have and some of the
best medical technology in the world
with caring and really taking care of
people and putting caring back in
healthcare and what about the payment to
doulas who often work and low income
high-risk communities and that is what
is really unfair and Latona Giwa only
made six hundred dollars for everything
she did you know but I mean it was from
October until February and you know
they're still in touch and so that
really is wrong and so we have to figure
out how to pay doulas we have to figure
out how to incorporate them into the
system and to to make sure that it's all
woven together because right now there's
a growing number of these kinds of
social justice doulas and it's really
beautiful to see this growing number of
them and to see them trying to tackle
these issues but they're kind of on
their own it's a bit ad hoc they're not
connected to systems there are some that
are connected to the medical systems in
their city here in New York City we have
a connection in some other cities but
it's not national it's not nationalized
I was at a birth a few years ago where
there was a dual and she was considered
one of the guests so they said she had
to leave the hospital the room right
when the woman was giving birth oh so
that does happen sometimes and certainly
some doctors feel threatened and you
know there's a conflict between doulas
but what I saw with birth mark was a
kind of sitting back only taking action
when necessary being really by the birth
mother's side and the focus was on her
but I also saw letona take action you
know when she needed to but it was very
calm and very non-threatening but it was
firm what about doctors biases how did
they play into women and black women
giving birth well the majority of
physicians in this
375 percent are white and so studies
have shown that they do have biases and
how I look at it is you know not saying
oh you went into medical the medical
profession because you're big racist you
everyone in this country has unconscious
biases based on stereotypes that are
date back to slavery but the the the
solution is to really admit the biases
work on them tackle them say you have
them and how can you not bring those in
to medical practices to the medical
setting and that is what the key is is
to say yes these exist but we're going
to work on that and what I've seen is in
medical schools you have younger medical
students who are really trying to work
on that there's this wonderful
organization called white coats for
black justice and there's also groups
around the country that are really
trying I received an email today about a
young doctor who was saying I really
want to get more woke and more organized
about the kinds of inequities we see in
health care do our doulas different I
mean why wouldn't doulas be equally
prejudiced as the rest of the medical or
the formal medical community that's
interesting but I do think that doulas
go into this work that is not that well
paid doulas go into it for different
reasons than doctors may go into it they
from what I've seen they are very into
birth and very into women in a way not
the technology and not the medical part
but into the caring part so how do they
get paid
so at birth mark what they do is they
have some women pay full freight okay so
they pay the whole I think it's $1500 or
something like that but then they use
the money for the people who pay full
price and let the other women go not pay
as well as grants and you know they're
applying for grants they're doing
fundraisers they're doing a fundraiser
today just trying to make money so that
they can keep doing the work for women
who need it it can't pay and then you
have women in prison
and how they're treated when they get
when they give birth I mean we just did
a big piece
and a woman named sriracha Salama rah
and SWAT - is in prison right now in
Michigan one woman's prison there and it
all depends on the law of the state in
some states they allow the shackling of
women even while they go through
childbirth and others like in Michigan
the policy is they're shackled to the
hospital then they are unshackled for
the birth and then immediately shackled
right afterwards and then when the kid
when the infant is brought back to the
person they can't breastfeed them I
think that birth is supposed to be this
beautiful thing that happens it's
supposed to be natural but the way we've
medicalised it the way we've
criminalized it is tragic in this
country so after you did this study what
was your inspiration for doing it and
what surprised you most in your research
I think what I why I wanted to do it was
because I knew about the numbers so I
had heard about the numbers that it's
much more common in black women maternal
mortality and morbidity the near death
so for every woman who dies a hundred
women like Simone Landrum almost died so
I heard those statistics but then I also
knew about the statistics around infant
mortality so what I wanted to do was
combine the two to say wait this is only
one you know there's one woman's body
who is you know may die in childbirth or
her baby may die so it's about her and
so I think the thing that surprised me
most was when I went back to 1850 and
I'm looking at that and I'm just like
wait how could this problem the racial
disparity be greater during slavery when
black women were actually chattel than
it is now and how could black women with
an advanced degree have a higher
incidence of either dying almost dying
in childbirth or her baby dying than a
white woman with an eighth grade
education so that was striking and
startling but then you see it in what
happens I've gotten since I've written
this piece I've gotten so many notes
letters
colleagues elbowing me to tell me about
what's happened what happened to them
tearfully and so and so I was actually
glad I shared my own story can you talk
about weathering who came up with this
idea what it is
so Arlene Geronimo's is a researcher at
the University of Michigan and she came
up with the idea in when she was a
college student undergraduate at
Princeton so she was working at I think
at a school for unwed mothers and she
noticed that she would go to their
medical appointments with them and she
noticed that their bodies when they took
off the clothes looked older than would
it be expected and then she started
looking at infant mortality in those
numbers being in those teens because
what was interesting at the time and
this is I think the eighties the blame
on in black infant mortality was on teen
pregnancy it was like because these
teens they're irresponsible they're
having babies they are driving up the
numbers of black infant mortality what
she found was actually the opposite that
it was slightly older black women who
had higher rates of infant mortality but
the flip was true for white women some
white teens were driving up rates of
infant mortality in whites so then she
started thinking oh this is because
they've lived longer they black women
have lived longer they've had more
access to stress and it's affecting
their pregnancy outcomes and she's done
so that's how she came up with the term
weathering but it's you know it's real
it's a-you know been well studied and
been replicated and it it I just love
the term because it really does say what
it is it's your body is aging
prematurely because of you what's
happening to you and when she you know
when you look at the you know sort of
the questions that there's a black
women's health study and it added race
questions in 1997 and the questions it
actually made me tear up because the
questions were like oh have you ever
been treated differently because of your
race have do you think people think that
they're smarter than you have you had
bad service at a restaurant because the
race
and then there were hardcore questions
like have you been discriminated against
at work in housing and by the police and
women who had higher rates of reported
rates of being discriminated against
whether it was big or small had more
preterm births before we go on to
another big piece you've just published
I wanted to ask you about the news this
week if you have any comment on the
statue of the gynecologist J Marion Sims
being taken down in Central Park 19th
century gynecologist known as the father
of gynecology who repeatedly performed
painful non-consensual scientific
experiments on enslaved black women
without anesthesia the removal of the
statue coming after repeated protests
last year amidst the nationwide wave of
demonstrations against Confederate
monuments and other racist statues I
guess what I'll say about that is thank
God for activists who rallied to get rid
of that and goodbye good riddance that
is a memory we don't need to have and we
don't need to celebrate well I want to
ask about another piece he wrote last
year for the New York Times Magazine
titled America's hidden HIV epidemic why
do America's black gay and bisexual men
have a higher HIV rate than any other
country in the world I want to read from
the piece a quote last year in 2016 the
Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention using the first comprehensive
national estimates of lifetime risk of
HIV for several key populations
predicted that if current rates continue
one in two African American gay and
bisexual men will be infected with the
virus that compares with a lifetime risk
of one in 99 for all Americans and one
in 11 for white gay and bisexual men to
offer more perspective Swaziland a tiny
African nation has the world's highest
rate of HIV at twenty eight point eight
percent of the population if gay and
bisexual African American men made up a
country its rate would surpass that of
this impoverished Africa
nation and all other nations so could
you talk about the research that went
into to that piece and how you found
what you did well I have been reporting
on HIV since the 80s I was one of the
first people to write for excuse me for
an ethnic publication about HIV so at
each point along this 30-year continuum
I kept thinking oh my goodness this is
going to be over this cannot this
epidemic and my focus is African
Americans this will be over this can't
keep going on each time it'll be over
it'll be over so when I saw this one
into that half of all black gay men
could be infected in their lifetime I
was shocked and then shortly after was
another study that named the areas where
gay men in general had the highest
infection rate and Jackson Mississippi
was the number one place so I just
revved up all my sources and said please
help me understand why this is still
going on in 2016 at that point and why
it's Jackson Mississippi
this is you know I know Jackson
Mississippi from the movie the help and
the best barbecue ever so what is
happening there and so everyone said you
need to go down and see for yourself so
I went to a conference called saving
ourselves symposium and it was this
beautiful gathering of black gay men who
I had never met most of them they were
doing work under the radar really trying
to as they said save themselves then I
just rented a car I drove that was in
Memphis I drove to Jackson and
Mississippi and my family's from
Mississippi so it was a beautiful trip
from what for me personally and I saw
again another kind of heroic person
called Cedric Sturdivant who was
basically an aids doula he was going
around helping men getting medication
taking them to the doctor taking them to
all their clinic visits really helping
them because there was a crisis there
and even when I was there I saw newly
infected men I said when did you get
infected I was there in
and young one young man said oh I found
out in July while I was there a
transgender woman said I found out
yesterday and so it was shocking
I also saw people who lacked treatment
and and it wasn't because they couldn't
get treatment it was because the stigma
was so high that they were afraid to
even go get the treatment that they
needed and it and I just flashed right
back to the 80s I flashed back to the
80s where people were sick dropping dead
in the street and I thought what is
happening in America present-day America
this is just wrong
can you talk about the significance of
the Centers for Disease Control's
morbidity and mortality weekly report
from June 5th 1981 so in in that in that
issue of that crazy wonky news letter
but it's the voice of the CDC it had a
case five cases of men in Los Angeles
and they were previously healthy men who
had contracted a very odd disease that
was very much of a mystery and that
headline raced around really the country
and somewhat the world but there were
actually two other cases of men and they
were both black so I went back to dr.
Michael Gottlieb who I liked a lot and I
said what is happening why didn't you
