this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're broadcasting from
the Sundance Film Festival here in Park
City Utah 50 years ago this April the
Reverend dr. Martin Luther King jr. was
assassinated in Memphis Tennessee
he was just 39 years old today we look
back at the last three years of King's
life beginning after President Lyndon
Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of
1965
despite passage of the monumental
legislation King set his eyes on new
battles by launching Poor People's
Campaign and campaigning to stop the
Vietnam War King's decision to publicly
oppose the war isolated from from many
of his closest supporters well a new HBO
documentary about King's last year's has
just premiered here at the Sundance Film
Festival it's titled King in the
wilderness it will air on HBO in April I
had a chance to sit down this week with
the film's director longtime documentary
filmmaker Peter Kuhn Hart as well as two
of the film's executive producers the
writer Trey Ellis and Pulitzer
prize-winning historian Taylor branch
who wrote the America in the King years
trilogy I began by asking Peter Kroon
heart about why he named the film King
in the wilderness we came up with the
title of King in the wilderness light in
the editing of the film and it was based
on the fact that we were overcome by the
fact that King was struggling in every
possible way during those last three
years trying to find his way as he
branched away where in addition to his
work on racism to work on poverty to
work on moving the the the it is his
moving north to the northern cities and
to oppose the war in Vietnam and as he
did this his his support that he had
enjoyed all during the early part of the
civil rights movement vanished and he
was left with no roadmap he felt his
friends abandoned him and and he was
along
and struggling and trying to find his
way and we we just felt the the title
captured that kind of loneliness that he
experienced Trey Ellis you did a lot of
the interviews with these legendary
figures the contemporaries of dr. Martin
Luther King talked about the people that
you spoke to and this particular period
in his life of course dr. King is a
legend an icon and people can't imagine
that there was this period where he did
feel so alone felt so vilified yeah I
mean to me I want to say first it was
such an amazing experience to talk to
these people that were all my parents
generation and to talked to sterner
Clayton who opens our film and it say
that Martin died of a broken heart
it's really heartbreaking and then when
I talked to Diane Nash and she said
she's happen to know my parents from
Howard University and I didn't know that
until I interviewed her so it really
that my journey of interviewing all
these legends was really transformative
for me these are all people that I knew
just from books talk about who Diane
Nash was right so Dan Nash is really
what I think of her as a Wonder Woman a
little bit like the legendary civil
rights activist really responsible
Taylor no more but for the the march to
Selma the the voting rights movement in
Alabama the lunge kind of movement in
Nashville when she was a student at Fisk
but she's also a mother and had to you
know and had you know she had all the
problems of being a woman in the
movement and being a legend in the
movement where we know who John Lewis is
he's a he's a congressman and a
household name and then Nash should be
as famous as him and hopefully I think
with this film might help with that and
Diane Nash's comments about dr. King and
the differences she had with him in
those last three years where she felt
the efforts of the civil rights movement
should be focused well she still she to
this day she's still very fiery and she
says this the idea of the cult of
personality the idea of us as the people
sort of seeding our sense of agency to
one or two leaders she's really very
much
and she speaks pretty eloquently about
how we have to find the movement in
ourselves and each of us has to pitch in
and so I think that and she being in the
ground-floor she knew that there are
other people around are joking there
were also great leaders and it's sort of
easy for us to sort of outsource our
activism to to the aged people who are
more active than us so Taylor branch
let's talk about those last three years
where dr. King is moving north and he
would say at that time he was never so
afraid as he was in Chicago I mean for
all that he faced in the South Chicago
northern United States well within a
month of Selma in 1965 he was saying we
have to go north and the staff including
Diane did not want him to go did not
want to go north we still have work to
do in this in the south that's what she
said
but King became more determined he was
reluctant in the early years he was
trying to make the movement climb up he
gets the Nobel Peace Prize and a young
said we wanted to have chicken dinners
and congratulate ourselves for 20 years
he says no we want to go to Selma as
soon as Selma was done he says we want
to go north to show America that the
race issue is never is now and never has
been purely southern and the staff
didn't want to go then he all the staff
except for one person was against his
coming out and making the Riverside
Church speech against Vietnam and none
of the staff the film shows how much
staff dissension there was on the Poor
People's Campaign and then on Memphis so
there was a downward pull of King in the
last year's where he felt compelled to
make a witness on things that he didn't
have confidence we're gonna be big
breakthrough moments like I have a dream
or the Civil Rights Act or 1965 so he's
in the wilderness and he's lonely but he
is much more of a leader almost a
possessed leader we we have to do this
even made a speech to his his staff
saying we have to finish there's a quote
in revelation we have to finish on our
principles even if we have buried
left can you take us on the trajectory
of the Mississippi March this is after
the Selma to Montgomery March this is
james Meredith and wai-king decided to
join this through the whole challenge by
Stokely Carmichael who would later
become Kwame to raise some incredible
footage there of them publicly sort of
feuding or it was a more battle of ideas
of who should be included in the march
would start with Meredith
well the Meredith March was a more
watershed in the public perception of
the movement it was the birth of black
power Stokely had just taken over the
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee from John Lewis Lewis was
ousted because he was too much like
Martin Luther King to steadfast in
non-violence and when Meredith got shot
dr. King and Stokely were thrown
together in continuing his march through
Mississippi and explain what happened to
James Meredith
james Meredith was had his own solo
march against fear to try to inspire
black Mississippians who were afraid to
go to the courthouse to register to vote
after the Voting Rights Act and he said
if I can march through Mississippi by
myself then you shouldn't be afraid to
register but on the third day out he was
shot by white people who are angry that
he was trying to rally black people to
vote and civil rights leaders many of
whom weren't they weren't consulted
about this March but they felt they had
to continue it because it was so public
and it threw dr. King together with the
new Knick leader Stokely and Stokely
said openly that he used the fact that
all the press came with dr. King to
announce this new doctrine to make this
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee not be so much second fiddle
they had always felt dr. King got all
the publicity and they were spending
more time in jail and he pronounced this
new doctrine we want black power and it
it mesmerised the the media to this day
I mean it's it's more popular there are
a lot of non-violent movement veterans
who are embarrassed that they were
nonviolent because black power became so
popular and dr. King would argue was
Stokely marching down the road and
scenes of that but then at night they
would argue with a reporter between them
holding a mic going back and forth yes
and also the inclusion of non black
activists and the movement yes but well
yes they wanted the March was very
integrated the march against fear
remember it's two hundred and twenty
something miles
it went on for almost a month it's
bigger than the Selma March but its
significance is that it marched this big
transformation between violence and
non-violence or the opening of a debate
and Stokely would say how come we have
to be nonviolent how come
America admires non-violence only in
black people but otherwise they admire
John Wayne you know and why do we have
to do that and and and dr. King would
say we don't I'm not telling you you
have to do it what I'm telling you is
that non-violence is a leadership
doctrine it's a head of America if we
become violent it's not that we're
stepping up to be like John Wayne it's
that we're we're stepping back from
non-violence to try to move the country
toward reconciliation toward votes
non-violence toward spirituality so they
had this big argument about whether
whether the civil rights movement needed
to be nonviolent whether it was whether
it was effective whether it was
principled and what kind of leadership
strategy it was and that that debate
dominated the the last couple years of
dr. King's life
historian Taylor branch who won the
Pulitzer Prize for his book parting the
waters America and the King years part
of his remarkable trilogy talking about
the new HBO documentary king in the
wilderness we return to our conversation
a moment but first an excerpt from the
documentary which is playing right here
at Sundance and debuts on HBO in April
this is Harry Belafonte speaking a dear
friend and close confidant of dr. Martin
Luther King
I do not know that everything that
Martin said or did he was quite prepared
for
he had felt that in many ways dealing
with the south with a more predictable
outcome because in the north the racial
hypocrisy was very subversion it gave
the appearance of being not like the
South the South was the center of all
evil and the North was a place of the
higher experience and that's the Kings
have known as not the case that's Harry
Belafonte one of the closest confidants
of dr. Martin Luther King in the last 10
years of dr. King's life talking about
dr. King moving north he didn't just
march in Chicago he moved his family to
Chicago he particularly took on the
issue of housing Taylor branch you're a
veteran civil rights historian you won
the Pulitzer Prize for parting the
waters but you too were surprised by
some of the footage that you saw in for
King in the wilderness yes I was
surprised by I wrote but I didn't feel
as di wrote in my book that that these
thousands of white people would come out
and throw bricks and it was women with
pocketbooks and they'd hit people with
pocketbooks and they'd yell and scream
but that to write it is different based
on source material than to see Nazi
signs and and people yelling and
screaming in Chicago it was a very rough
place I mean the swastika is the
presence of these swastikas yes there
were lots of swastikas and lots of young
people involved now on the other side
dr. King was trying to to experiment
with non-violence in the north and in
many respects it was it was safe there
are no stories as there were in Memphis
of non-violence breaking down on the
movement side in Chicago in fact a
number of gang leaders would come up to
dr. King's apartment and argue with him
all night and a number of gang leaders
were in those marches so he had the
Blackstone Rangers and a number of them
in these marches in some respects it was
the far reaches of the laboratory of who
could be non-violent and whether or not
it could work but what you give out of
the film is you see the other side of it
dr. King said we have to show America
that there's a race problem in the north
because you'd be surprised how many
millions of people think that there is
no more race problem since we passed the
civil rights bill and in that one little
task they succeeded admirably nobody
really argued that there was no racism
in the north after Chicago wasn't he hit
by a brick and check he was hit by a
brick on that same March and and once or
twice by a rock course he was struck
many times stabbed no violence had
always been close to him his whole life
before Memphis that wasn't new but I
think in Chicago even what Andy said and
down in the South you would have a
couple of hundred Klansmen you'd be
scared but in Chicago there were
thousands of people and they were
enraged and they you could hear him
there was a it was an angry crowd Trey
Ellis let's talk more about the riots in
Chicago the white Nazi swastika holding
protesters who were going after King
your interviews done as president Trump
took office and we see charlottesville
the summer with self-proclaimed Nazis
and fascists marching in Virginia your
thoughts connecting these two 50 years
apart yeah it was it was quite moving
and in some ways depressing to see how
things how little movement had been how
segregated still much of the the country
is and here diane nash and the other
chicago people talk about the issues of
chicago and the the i mean i remember as
a kid talking about you know the the
Nazis marching in Skokie Illinois as
well that this kind of northern that
northern racism really while I was
interviewing these subjects was really
on the eve of the Trump you know Trump
had just been inaugurated when I started
these these interviews was certainly
reverberating in my head in ways that
were that was troubling
the inclusion of women you who you don't
often see in this documentary when
talking about the civil rights movement
can you talk about some of the figures
it wasn't we need to include some women
it's who are the most important people
alive at various stages and they were
women
I mean Dorothy cotton trained the young
black children who did the children's
marches in Birmingham that was her job
she was a singer and that was one of the
great watershed moments in the civil
rights era when the dogs and the fire
hoses came out she did that and diane
nash who was helped her then took that
reaction and said we have to do
something to answer these kids they got
bombed and she designed and there's a
document that what became the blueprint
for the Selma for the Selma voting
rights so these are not just women
thrown in there these are women who are
central but they they have been not
recognized in their true proportions
Joan Baez very very significant in the
huge arguments within the movement about
whether Vietnam or poverty
Marian Edelman it was her idea
you know mediating between dr. King and
Bobby Kennedy to to move into the Poor
People's Campaign so these are highly
significant women that I think get their
due in this in this film and you can
feel their significance in the
interviews talk about the relationship
between LBJ and dr. King really
significant and especially OBJ's alarm
President Johnson's alarm as riots are
breaking out uprising rebellions who
does he call he calls dr. King and so
interesting that you have the audio
recordings what did you get him from FBI
surveillance tapes no those are
presidential recordings so that you have
you have LBJ talking to J Edgar Hoover
who who tells him he's a faker dr. King
is a faker he's not for you he's against
you on being I'm trying to undercut him
it you know just blanket hostility and
you can hear it and but also LBJ talking
to Martin Luther King you know saying
this is this is terrible what can we do
and it was really sad because in in one
of the conversations it was too long to
fit in the film LBJ said what we did in
Selma with you mobilizing the public and
me being able to give that speech that's
the way democracy is supposed to work
you know energized citizen and
responsive government that's about the
best thing that ever happened and in
that same conversation they're talking
about Vietnam and we have that in the
film where you can feel Vietnam pulling
them apart and Johnson just being he
said my legacy is civil rights but
that's being threatened by these riots
and I've got this war and my and my ally
dr. King is turning against me on the
war so there's a lot of a lot of passion
in those conversations so let's talk
about Vietnam and how King ended up
making this Riverside dress speech why I
opposed the war in Vietnam I wanted to
turn to a clip of Vince Harding before
he died we had a long conversation with
him about the speech and his
conversations with dr. King the men
Vince Harding who helped to craft that
speech this is what he had to say
Martin was towards the end of his life
you may remember by the last years of
his life he was saying that America had
to deal with three what he called triple
evils the evil of racism the evil of
materialism and the evils of militarism
and he saw those three very much
connected to each other in a way Amy as
long as Martin and I knew each other we
were talking about the kinds of things
that were involved in that speech we
were talking about the tremendous dam
that war does to those who participate
in it to those who are the victims of it
to those who lose tremendous
possibilities in their own lives because
of it and we were always talking about
what it might mean to try to find
creative nonviolent alternatives to the
terrible old-fashioned as' of war as a
way of solving problems and then when
Vietnam began to develop on all of our
screens or in the 1960s we talked a
great deal about our country's role and
a great deal about the role of those of
us who were believers in the way of
non-violent struggle for change and what
our responsibility was both as
nonviolent believers and as followers of
the teachings and the ways of Jesus the
Christ
so when Martin was clear with himself
that he had to make a major public
address on this subject as fully as he
could possibly do it he was looking for
a setting in which that could be done on
the grounds of his religious stance
particularly and when clergy and laity
against the war in Vietnam
invited him to do that
at Riverside for the occasion of their
gathering in April 1967 it was clear to
him that that was a place that he really
ought to make the speech or to take the
stand in the most public way possible
that was Vince Harding a close ally of
dr. King who helped to craft that beyond
Vietnam speech or why opposed the war in
Vietnam the speech that dr. King gave at
Riverside Church in New York on April
4th 1967 a year to the day before dr.
King was assassinated in Memphis talked
about Vince Harding's role in that
speech Taylor branch well Vince Vince
