lines this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman the House of
Representatives passed a short-term
spending bill late Thursday setting up a
high-stakes showdown in the Senate today
ahead of a midnight deadline to reach a
deal or face government shutdown
Congress members voted 232 197 mostly
along party lines in favor of a
republican-led continuing resolution to
fund the government through February
16th in the Senate many Democrats have
said they'll vote against a bill that
fails to protect young dreamers daca
recipients undocumented immigrants who
were brought to the US as children this
is Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell they want a sensible
compromise on immigration but they
cannot Madam President for the life of
them understand why why some senators
would hold the entire country hostage
until we arrive at a solution to a
problem that doesn't fully materialize
until March military families veterans
and children benefiting from the sto
program don't need to be shoved aside
don't need to be shoved aside while we
continue good-faith negotiations a
hundred daca recipients lose their
status every day well the debate over
immigration could force the US
government shut down our next guest
argues migrants and refugees are a key
political crisis worldwide United
Nations refugee agency's most recent
annual report says the number of
displaced people worldwide has hit a
record high with more than 65 million
people forcibly displaced from their
homes across the globe that's 20 people
forced to flee their homes every single
minute these refugees often face deadly
journeys to reach safety
last week humanitarian groups said
dozens of refugees drowned when their
boat sank off the coast of Libya enroute
to Europe this week the Arizona
humanitarian group no more deaths
accused u.s. Border Patrol agents of
routinely sabotaging or confiscating
humanitarian aid left
by activists near the border with Mexico
condemning some Mexican and Central
American refugees to die of exposure or
dehydration in the Sonoran Desert as the
humanitarian crisis grows many nations
particularly the United States are
limiting immigration closing their
borders during his first year in office
President Trump sought to ban all
refugees and citizens of mainly majority
Muslim nations when federal judges
struck down multiple versions of the
so-called Muslim travel bans Trump then
slashed the number of refugees who could
be resettled in the United States this
year capping the number at 45,000 the
lowest level in three decades
meanwhile the Trump administration's
also cut 65 million dollars in annual
contributions to the UN Palestinian
refugee agency known as Unruh on
Thursday Pope Francis made an urgent
appeal on behalf of refugees and
migrants while speaking on the last day
of his visit to Chile
javi mobian we know well that there is
no Christian joy when doors are closed
there is no Christian joy when others
are made to feel unwanted when there is
no room for them in our midst we must be
alert that work is becoming more
precarious which destroys lives in homes
we must be alert to those that take
advantage of the irregularity of many
immigrants because they don't understand
the language or they don't have their
papers we must be alert to the lack of
housing land and work of so many
families well for more we're joined by
David Miliband president and CEO of the
International Rescue Committee former
British Labour MP brother of Labour
leader Ed Miliband his new book is
titled rescue refugees and the political
crisis of our time welcome to diversity
now good to be with you so you have
heard David all of the headlines half of
them involve immigrants involve refugees
involved people taking sanctuary across
the country California declaring itself
a sanctuary state and Trump
administration officials threatening to
arrest not only refugees but politicians
who defy Trump administration policy
this is the anniversary of president
Trump's inauguration what is your
assessment
his approach to immigrants in this
country well issues of refugees and
immigration have always been matters of
politics as well as policy and there's a
lot of confusion one of the points in my
book is that a refugee is someone who
flees their home as a result of conflict
or persecution an economic migrant is
someone who's seeking a better life it's
not the one is good and the other is bad
but they're different and I think the
way I would summarize the approach of
the Trump administration is really a
reversal of the best of American history
it's not that throughout the ages
America has always made itself open to
refugees and immigrants from around the
world because they've been dark periods
of American history but the best of the
American approach both in respect of
immigration and in respect of refugees
and we should talk about the difference
between them but the best of American
history has established this country as
a haven for those who are seeking not
just a place of safety from persecution
but also a chance to start a new life
and contribute to the society that they
are arriving in and what the present has
done you refer just to give you one
example to the fact that the president
has halved the number of refugees who
should be allowed to come to the u.s.
from the 90,000 that have been allowed
since the 1980s since Ronald Reagan it's
time to just 45,000 but actually the
truth is that the administration that is
putting that into practice is not
delivering 45,000 refugees as you guys
can deliver about 20,000 so you've
actually seeing because of the actions
of the Department of Homeland Security a
quartering of America's historic
commitment refugees at a time when there
are record numbers of refugees around
the world and this is significant both
of those individual cases and for the
lesson it sets elsewhere in the world
because the truth is a country like
America has 1% of the world's refugees
countries like Ethiopia Pakistan Lebanon
Jordan they have the most refugees in
the world and I think that there's a an
issue of substance but also an issue of
symbolism at stake here I want to step
back for a minute why you care so much
about the issue of migrants of refugees
of immigrants talk about your own family
background yeah I mean maybe people have
an image of a refugee that doesn't
summon up someone with a blue shirt and
a red tie on but the speaking with a
British accent but I was born in safety
in the UK in 1965 but both my parents
were
geeze from my dad from Belgium from
nazi-occupied Belgium in 1940 my mum
survived the war in Poland came to the
UK as a refugee in 1946 so I don't want
to exaggerate the sense in which the
today's crisis is a parallel of previous
crises but there are very similar issues
and the most fundamental issue is
whether those who are not persecuted
have a duty to those who are it's I call
it the duty to strangers and it seems to
me that the best lessons of human
history are that when the duty to
strangers is exhibited it builds not
just a more moral planet but also a
safer planet and what we're seeing today
ironically in a world that's more
connected than ever before is that it's
a world that's the danger is it's
defined by walls not by connections and
I think that's goes to the heart of the
political crisis as well as the policy
crisis that exists at the moment how
would you characterise president Trump's
policies I mean you were born in Britain
but you now work here in New York Rescue
Committee was founded by all behind
Stein one of the most famous refugees in
this city never mind this country in
some ways an emblem of what refugees can
can bring so I now lived and worked in
the US over the last four years and I
think that global leadership has been
abandoned or enriched houses words
abdicated the sense that America
established itself not with a high moral
tone but with a set of principles and
values that would be enshrined not just
constitutionally and legally but also in
policies that has been abandoned and I
think that the question facing the
country is whether or not that is going
to be consolidated in the next three
years or whether it can be reversed
because the truth is that if you carry
on reducing the number of refugees who
are allowed here at the current rate if
plans to reduce the international aid
budget followed through then there'll be
a double whammy really on the world's
most vulnerable people on Capitol Hill a
slew of lawmakers have joined members of
the Congressional Black Caucus in
backing a resolution to censure
President Trump over his racist comments
in which he reportedly called African
nations El Salvador Haiti s whole
countries but he said the curse several
Democratic lawmakers have announced the
also skipped the State of the Union
address on January 30th over Trump's
racist remarks can you talk about what
he said it's not only calling people
from these countries but SWANA recently
asked for clarification they want to
know if they're in the S hole category
but using that word but also saying we
want more immigrants from Norway well I
think that the way I would put it is
that really the presidency has been
dragged into the gutter by not just the
language but the thinking behind it
because as you say Botswana every
African country is asking well does that
include us I mean it's true that the
countries that produce the most refugees
are war-torn they are conflict ridden
but some of them are courting conflict
as a result of a resource curse not a
poverty because if you think about a
place like the Democratic Republic of
Congo in some parts of its history the
undemocratic Republic of Congo the that
is the conflict there is on this because
of the resources that exist in that
country not because of the poverty that
exists in that kind of the conflict over
mineral resources and I think it's
really important that the people were
condemned as well as the country and
that's the most pernicious aspect of
what was said my point would be that
this has a domino effect around the
world when the Jordanian government is
hosting 650,000 refugees when the
Lebanese government is hosting a million
refugees when the Kenyan government has
a million Somalis the worst forces in
those countries gonna be citing
President Trump in their defense and I
think that there is a profound question
both about how the country governs
itself internally but also what sort of
role it wants to play externally the
interesting thing one interesting thing
about the Trump administration is both
is its domestic and its international
agenda come together on this issue one
of the things that we recently play just
at the top of the show your clips about
the conflict of the defining of refugees
as terrorists and your point that in
fact it's the opposite the people who
are fleeing terror
they just use cited Syria in your
introduction people should know the war
in Syria isn't over but it's being
prosecuted not primarily by the American
government but by the Syrian government
200,000 Syrians in the northwest of the
country have been driven from their
homes by bombing campaign in the last
six weeks six or seven weeks and so
these are people who are the victims of
terror some of them get good press
coverage some of them the coverage of
the appalling stories of Yazidi women
being chased from homes by Isis they get
a sympathetic ear others get a lesson by
than anyone but my point is is simple
people who've known the price and the
cost of terror they become the most
patriotic and productive citizens when
they find refuge here and I think
there's one other point that's important
as well America is making a small
commitment to resettlement the great
bulk of refugees stay in countries close
to those at war and that doesn't include
the US notwithstanding what's happening
south of the border in the northern
triangle of what a model Salvador on
Juris people are fleeing gang violence
there we shouldn't forget that but one
of the most pernicious parts of the
Trump narrative president Trump's
narrative is that somehow America is
bearing an undue burden of the world's
problems that isn't the case when it
comes to humanitarian and refugee issues
can you talk about President Trump
shutting off funding something like
sixty five million dollars to Unruh to
the UN palestinian refugee agency and
the significance of this what this means
for palestinian this is the palestinian
population is the longest-standing
refugee population it was only after the
Second World War that the refugees were
given any rights and international law
after the foundational State of Israel
Palestinian refugees in Lebanon in
Jordan elsewhere in the Middle East
unruhe including in Gaza
unread the United Nations agency
provides above all for children its
above all providing support through
education for kids the 65 million
dollars you're right that's been granted
is the first part of a three-part
delivery of American aid to support this
organization and it seems to me very
important that we
lose sight of the people on the
receiving end of this you have one point
eight million people in Gaza half of
them are children
you've got Palestinian refugees
elsewhere in the region and the message
that's being sent is a rejection to them
and their condition and it seems to me
it goes to the heart of what the country
should be standing for and at a time
when the UN is needed more than ever
before the last thing that the UN needs
is one of its most effective programs to
be have the rug pulled from under it I
wanted to go to a Gaza resident there
saying that soon they could starve
unless international donors step up to
fill the funding gap left by President
Trump
we will be lost it will be a catastrophe
people will be stealing from each other
we will live in a catastrophe we will
suffer to provide food and wheat people
will kill each other what should I do
should I go sell one of my kids or sell
my kidney what should I do
should I go and steal or work as a spy I
need cooking oil yogurt eggs and bread a
row the Arab League Wednesday for a
two-day conference where leaders condemn
the Trump administration for cutting
funding to Unruh and for recognizing
Jerusalem as Israel's capital David
Miliband the the the the crisis in Gaza
is a subset of the wider Middle Eastern
crisis the wider crisis of what's called
the peace process but there is no peace
process in respect of the Palestinian
issue I was in Gaza in 2012 before I
started this job I went to visit and the
fact that half the population is under
the age of 18 is ignored in so much of
the coverage this is a very tightly
confined area I think that there are
mechanisms in place to make sure that
people don't starve but that doesn't
mean that there isn't grave need there
and also frankly grave danger of
radicalization because for the first
time there are now reports of Isis
organizing in Gaza and the the equation
between immiseration
extremism is well-documented and so both
for moral reasons and for strategic
reasons I think this is a misbegotten
policy talk about what you think is a
solution to the refugee crisis I'm glad
to get a chance to that because it's
easy to spend all the time thinking 65
million people displaced by conflict and
persecution they're displaced for an
average of
ten years half of them are in urban
areas and one could almost think that
there's just endless suffering and no
solutions are in my book I point out
that an addition to the refugee
resettlement issue for the most
vulnerable cases three things are
absolutely key for refugee populations
first since half of them are kids half
of refugees are kids education needs to
come center stage traditionally in the
humanitarian sector education has been
seen as a luxury it gets only 2% of
global humanitarian funding actually
education is a lifeline not a luxury for
a refugee children secondly refugees
need to be allowed to work sixty percent
are in urban areas for the adults they
need the chance to contribute to the
societies that they are living in the
countries that are hosting them though
like Lebanon Jordan Kenya they need
international economic support and
organizations like the World Bank need
to step up thirdly the traditional image
of a refugee is someone who's being
given a tent or a fleece or a food the
thing that refugees need more than
anything else is cash they need the
ability to participate in the local
market economy that they are living in
in some of our work at the International
Rescue Committee shows that if you
empower refugees you also benefit the
local host community because of course
in the countries that are hosting
refugees the local population is under
enormous stress as well there are towns
and cities across the Middle East across
Africa whose population doubles as a
result of a refugee influx Uganda
country with only a thousand dollars per
income per head per person has received
a million refugees in the last year you
wouldn't know that they're not building
a wall but they need support to help
encourage those people to be able to
contribute to the Ugandan economy and it
seems to me that if you take seriously
the education the employment the cash
support you can redesign the
humanitarian aid system so that instead
of simply helping people survive from
one year to the next is actually giving
them the chance to lead a dignified life
so the issues that you raised you talked
earlier about so many refugees come from
war-torn countries almost by definition
all of them do I mean there's a small
number who are persecuted for political
reason but the vast bulk of the refugee
flow is because of wars in Syria or
Somalia or South Sudan so what about
those who vote for war for example you
were a politician before you were head
of the International Rescue
laborer parliamentarian MP and Britton
didn't you vote to authorize the war in
Iraq I did and the story of Iraq is a
terrible tale in a phrase the war was
won but the peace was lost there were no
weapons of mass destruction I documented
I speak very openly about this in the
book without any reservation but I think
that it's important to understand that
the crisis of diplomacy that exists at
the moment is real and we know that the
Trump administration proposing to cut
30% from the State Department what did I
spend my time doing as foreign minister
I spent my time preventing a war in the
Balkans in the former Yugoslavia I spent
my time trying to stop the slaughter in
Sri Lanka where Tamil residents were
caught in the north of the Jaffna but
insulated there's a crisis of
peacemaking that stands at the root of
the refugee crisis today and it seems to
me that it's that that we need to speak
to in a very thoroughgoing way if you
