welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman in a major blow to
president Trump's anti-immigration
agenda a u.s. judge in San Francisco has
temporarily stopped the Trump
administration from ending the daca
program that's deferred action for
childhood arrivals the Obama era program
gave nearly 800,000 young undocumented
people legal permission to live and work
in the United States President Trump
announced he was ending the program late
last year on Tuesday US District Judge
William alsa ruled the daca program must
remain in place in multiple lawsuits
over Trump's decision to rescind the
program this comes after President Trump
held an extraordinary meeting with
Democratic and Republican lawmakers at
the White House Monday in which Trump
appeared to support a wide reaching deal
on immigration that could grant millions
of undocumented people a pathway to
citizenship
during the meeting Trump repeatedly said
he would take the heat for a sweeping
immigration deal which would likely be
opposed by much of his far right wing
anti-immigrant base President Trump also
said he wanted a bill of love to protect
the 800,000 young undocumented people
known as dreamers whose protections he
attempted to rescind last year to the
surprise of many the majority of the
meeting was televised which aides said
was meant to show the president's mental
acuity amidst mounting questions about
the president's mental health but much
of what Trump said during the televised
meeting appeared to run counter to his
campaign promises and his immigration
policies which have included demanding
18 billion dollars in funding for a
militarized border wall rescinding daca
and canceling immigration protections
known as TPS for hundreds of thousands
of Salvadorans Haitians Nicaraguans and
Sudanese immigrants who've been living
in the United States for years following
the meeting a number of his right-wing
supporters attacked Trump he's already
begun walking back his comments from the
meeting tweeting as I made very clear
today our country needs the security of
the wall on the southern border which
must be part of any daca approval
unquote the guardian's reporting the
Trump administration is planning to
loosen
restrictions on the use of nuclear
weapons and develop a nuclear warhead
for us Trident missiles this nuclear
policy was outlined in a draft seen by a
former Obama arms control official it's
significantly more hawkish than the
previous administration's nuclear policy
this comes as president Trump's
repeatedly threatened to deploy nuclear
weapons against North Korea proposed
building up the US nuclear arsenal and
has reportedly asked about nuclear
weapons quote if we had them why can't
we use them meanwhile South Korean
president moon jaein says he'd be
willing to sit down with North Korea's
leader Kim jong-un the potential meeting
comes after high-level officials from
North and South Korea met in the
demilitarized zone between the two
countries for the first official talks
in more than two years yesterday at the
talks North Korea said it would send a
delegation to the Winter Olympic Games
being held in next month in South Korea
the diplomacy is seeking to de-escalate
the threat of nuclear war on the Korean
Peninsula which has been largely sparked
by president Trump's repeated threats to
launch a nuclear strike against North
Korea
Trump's former chief strategist Steve
Bannon has resigned as head of the far
right wing news outlet Breitbart news
which has been described as an online
haven for white nationalists and
frequently publishes white nationalist
propaganda his departure from Breitbart
comes after Bannon and president Trump
had a public falling out over bannon's
quotes in the recently released book
fire and fury inside the Trump White
House in the book bannon's quoted his
accusing Donald Trump jr. of treason
predicting Robert Miller's Russia
investigation will find evidence of
money laundering and portraying his
former boss is wholly unprepared for the
presidency following the publication of
the book Bannon lost public support from
many of his supporters including
billionaire backer Rebecca Mercer in
news from Washington DC
California Senator Dianne Feinstein
released the transcript of a
congressional interview with the founder
of the research firm fusion GPS which
was behind the dossier on the alleged
collusion between President Trump's
campaign and the Russian government the
dossier was compiled by a former British
spy named Christopher Steele it alleges
there was a conspiracy of cooperation
between the
Trump campaign and Russian officials
this is California Senator Dianne
Feinstein explaining why she released
the transcript I think people are
entitled to know what was said and the
lawyers also wanted it released I see no
problem with her releasing it senator
Feinstein senator dress that says you
jeopardize their ability to get certain
witnesses like Ann Kushner your reaction
oh I don't think so that's been
difficult in any event to my knowledge
there has not been a single fact in that
report that has been proven to be
incorrect but it's really to muddy the
waters and create a problem you know
steel brought this information into the
FBI and it's quite amazing that you get
punished for providing information the
founders of fusion GPS asked for the
transcripts to be released publicly
president Trump's lawyers have sued both
Fuzion GPS and BuzzFeed the news outlet
that first published the dossier the
notorious racist former Arizona Sheriff
Joe Arpaio has announced he's running
for Senate in the race to replace
retiring Republican Senator Jeff Flake
Arpaio has been a major supporter of
President Trump who pardoned the ex
sheriff last year after he was convicted
of contempt of court for defying in
order to stop his deputies from racial
profiling for years Arpaio ran are
notoriously racist Sheriff's Department
in Maricopa County Arizona he once
bragged he ran an open-air tent city
jail like a concentration camp
Arpaio was first elected in 92 voted out
of office in 2016 after Latinos
organized a massive get out the vote
campaign in an unprecedented ruling
federal judges have ruled North
Carolina's congressional map
unconstitutionally favors Republicans
the ruling marks the first time the
federal court has struck down a
congressional map because of political
gerrymandering the judges ruled the map
violates the 14th Amendment's guarantee
of equal protection Republicans have
vowed to appeal
Tuesday's ruling the ruling gives
Republicans two weeks to present a
remedial plan to remap the congressional
districts in Libya the Coast Guard says
as many as a hundred people may have
died when a boat carrying refugees
seeking to reach Europe sunk off Libya's
coast Tuesday those who did survive were
brought to a naval base in Tripoli Libya
this is one of the survivors in ebb of
the Salam I feel so disappointed because
I could not make it to where I want to
go I feel so disappointed and I don't
want to go to prison I don't want to go
to prison in Pakistan at least six
people were killed in a suicide bomb
attack targeting police officers in the
southwestern city of Quetta Tuesday the
group known as the Pakistan Taliban
claimed responsibility for the attack
saying it was a retaliation for the
killing of its fighters by the Pakistani
military at least 16 more people were
wounded in the explosion Egypt's jailed
262 people for participating in the 2013
sit-in protests against the ouster of
former President Mohammed Morsi these
sentences ranged from life in prison to
three years in jail israel's facing a
possible International Criminal Court
probe over its 2014 assault on Gaza and
continued expansion of settlements in
the occupied West Bank according to the
Israeli TV station channel 10 Israel's
national security council recently
warned Israeli lawmakers that the ICC
could open an investigation at some
point this year this comes as the
Israeli defense minister said Israel
will approve the construction of
hundreds of new settlement homes in the
Israeli occupied West Bank meanwhile
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is facing a domestic political
controversy after an Israeli TV station
aired a secret audio recording of his
son from outside a strip club in 2015 in
the recording yeah ear Netanyahu can be
heard talking about prostitutes and
demanding money from the son of an
Israeli gas tycoon Yair implies his
father Prime Minister Netanyahu helped
push through a 20 billion
our deal to benefit the businessman
saying quote my dad arranged twenty
billion dollars for your dad and your
whining with me about four hundred
shekels this comes at a time when
Benjamin Netanyahu is facing multiple
corruption investigations we'll have
more on Israel and Palestine after
headlines Ecuador's foreign minister
says WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is
stay in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London
is untenable
Assange first sought refuge and
political asylum in the Ecuadorian
Embassy in 2012 when he faced possible
extradition to Sweden amidst a sexual
assault investigation the investigation
has since been dropped
Assange denies the allegations and calls
the investigation a pretext for his
ultimate extradition to the United
States to face prosecution under the
Espionage Act Ecuador is now calling on
Assange as stayed to be ended through
international mediation back in the
United States the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee held a hearing
Tuesday and a series of bizarre
unexplained health problems suffered by
US diplomats in Cuba officials
originally said the health problems are
caused by a likely sonic attack but a
new FBI report says there's no evidence
of sonic waves being used in the attack
in Havana at Tuesday's Senate committee
hearing officials suggested the
unexplained health problems might have
been caused by an intentionally deployed
virus the Cuban government has denied
any involvement in the alleged attack
and says it's helping investigate the
incidents in financial news the
International Business Times reports the
Trump administration's quietly waive
part of the punishment for five major
banks who are convicted of manipulating
global interest rates the banksters
Citigroup JP Morgan Barclays UBS and
Deutsche Bank to which President Trump
and his business empire owes at least a
hundred thirty million dollars in loans
the global interest rate manipulation
scandal known as the LIBOR scandal
involve banks illegally manipulating the
interest rate which underpins trillions
and global transactions in California at
least 13 people have died after
torrential rains triggered mudslides in
Santa Barbara County at least two dozen
more people are missing in a
authorities expect the death toll to
rise scientists have linked extreme
rainfall events to climate change this
is Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill
Brown we hope it will not we expect that
this number will increase as we continue
to look for people who are still missing
and unaccounted for we had a very
difficult time assessing the area and
responding to many of those areas to
assist those people the only words I can
really think of to describe what it
looked like was it looked like a World
War one battlefield the torrential
downpours and deadly mudslides in santa
barbara california come only weeks after
the region was ravaged by historic and
deadly winter wildfires in madagascar at
least 29 people have been killed in tens
of thousands more displaced from their
homes after a cyclone hit the island
nation off the southeastern coast of
Africa over the weekend
this is hi Inga Tina who was displaced
by the cyclone we are six in our family
and our house is completely submerged in
water my child is a strong fever so we
decided to come here to the displaced
holding area from morning the moment you
stepped down from your bed you're forced
to walk in water water is everywhere and
that is the reason we meanwhile a
tsunami alert has been issued for wide
swaths of Central America and the
Caribbean after a magnitude 7.6
earthquake struck off the coast of
Honduras in more climate news New York
City Mayor Bill DeBlasio slated to
announce today New York City's divesting
the city's five pension funds of five
billion dollars in fossil fuel
investments the new york city officials
are citing climate change is the reason
for the divestment which they say is the
largest of any municipality so far new
york city controller Scott stringer said
quote safeguarding the retirement of our
city's police officers teachers and
firefighters is our top priority and we
believe that their financial future is
linked to the sustainability of the
planet he said in response three
fifty.org co-founder Bill McKibben
tweeted one of the biggest days and 30
years of the climate fight Earth's
Mightiest city now in full-on fight with
its richest most irresponsible industry
the Trump administration's announced its
drop plans to open up the waters off the
coast of Florida
to offshore oil and gas drilling
following fierce opposition by Florida's
Republican Governor Rick Scott the
announcement comes after the Interior
Department moved last week to allow
offshore oil and gas drilling in nearly
all of the United States coastal waters
the reversal of the Obama era
restrictions would open up more than a
billion acres of water in the Arctic
Pacific Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico to
offshore oil and gas drilling and the
reversal came after the Interior
Secretary Ryan's Enki met with Governor
Scott in Florida in Louisiana a middle
school English teacher named Aisha
Hargrave was arrested in a now viral
video after she stood up at a school
board meeting and questioned why the
superintendent was getting a raise when
the teachers hadn't gotten a raise in
years there's ela when I first started
teaching ela there was like 20 21 kids
in a class and now there's $20
here in a class that we are now having
and we have not gotten raises how are
you going to take that money it's
basically her questioning the teacher
voluntarily left the room and was then
forcibly arrested in the hallway by a
marshal since Monday the video has been
seen by more than one and a half million
people actor James Franco has been
accused of sexual misconduct by multiple
women online including actress violet
Paley who tweeted remember the time you
push my head down in a car towards your
exposed penis and that other time you
told my friend to come to your hotel
when she was 17 Franco wara times up pin
to the Golden Globe Awards Sunday The
Times up initiative was launched to
combat sexual harassment and assault
this is James Franco denying the
accusations during an interview last
night on The Late Show with Stephen
Colbert in my life I pride myself on
taking responsibility for things that
I've done I have to do that to maintain
my well-being I do it whenever I know
that that there's something wrong or
needs to be changed I make it a point to
do it the things that I heard that were
on Twitter are not accurate James Franco
won a Golden Globe for Best action actor
in a motion picture and some lawmakers
are planning to wear black during
President Trump's first State of the
Union address later this month to
protest sexual harassment and assault
and to show solidarity with the me2 and
times of movements seeking to end gender
violence and abuse president Trump has
been accused of sexual harassment
assault or misconduct by at least 16
women and those are some of the
headlines this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
port I'm Amy Goodman
