[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part 2 of our
roundtable discussion on what's
happening in Syria a monstrous campaign
of annihilation that's how the United
Nations is describing the Syrian
government's recent deadly barrage of
airstrikes and artillery fire against
the rebel-held enclave of eastern gluta
outside the capital of Damascus aid
workers report at least 300 people have
been killed in recent days on Tuesday
the charity UNICEF released a nearly
blank press release writing no words
will do justice to the children killed
their mothers their fathers and their
loved ones followed by quote marks and
ten blank lines the United Nations
Security Council's meeting today to stop
the crisis they say the meeting was
called by Russia the we continue our
conversation now with three guests Raya
Raya is senior crisis advisor at Amnesty
International she's working on
documenting human rights abuses and
violations of international law in Syria
alia Malik is an award-winning
journalist former civil rights lawyer
her book is the home that was our
country a memoir of Syria and Wendy
Pearlman is with us author of we crossed
a bridge and it trembled voices from
Syria associate professor of political
science at Northwestern University alia
talked about what's happening at the UN
today and what you want to see happen
well you asked a very interesting
question as to whether the international
stakeholders are interested in this
ceasefire and just to sort of answer
your question around a broad way and I
would say I think all evidence would
point to the fact that they're not
interested in a ceasefire because the
ceasefire only benefits one group of
people the Syrian civilians and that's
clear that's been clearly established
that we sort of are at the bottom of the
hierarchy of interests there is so much
money to be made once these areas are
emptied once there's reconstruction my
reconstruction money is already coming
in Iranian and Russian companies and
other companies in the region are eyeing
those contracts there Russia has already
gotten access to some of Syria's natural
resources
you know the idea of a ceasefire why
stop why stop what is the real penalty
there are no real penalties so I don't
expect much to come out when we were you
know in the image
in space we both you know I said in
theater you said what do we expect to
happen I said theater she Wendy said it
in Arabic and then you know I'm sure I
can't comment but we I thought it looks
like to those of us who can say well we
explain what happens at the United
Nations around Syria has the conflict
there rendered the UN absolutely useless
I mean we have been seeing over and over
again the abuse and the misuse of the
veto power by both Russia and China the
allies of the Syrian government in the
Security Council I think Russia has used
its veto more than 10 times including to
block investigations into chemical
weapons attack or even empower the
mechanism to look into that so we've
definitely seen that kind of abuse and
let me just point out that it is the
response to build the primary
responsibility of the Security Council
is to deal with peace and security and
so when this happens it's not just
frustrating for us we look at this as
essentially green-lighting more war
crimes to take place and so there's
direct complicity there's the left
shared responsibility it's important to
say however that this is the mechanism
we have to deal with the Security
Council the thing to point out to though
is despite all the frustration despite
all the cynicism we still have to do
everything we can because what's the
alternative let these abuses go
unrecorded let the mechanisms not call
for a cessation of hostilities we have
to do everything we can and we've seen
members within the United Nations member
states come up with innovative ideas and
other ways to circumvent or go around
this paralysis in the Security Council
so we've seen for example the General
Assembly create a new body called the
triple a.m. or the International
independent impartial mechanism to begin
a series of investigations into the war
crimes in Syria and try to build cases
and look into prosecutions so we're
already seeing the international
community or Member States trying to go
around this paralysis in the Security
Council but that's not to say that the
Security Council should not be doing its
job and enforcing its multiple
resolutions calling for lifting the
siege and access to eight UN Secretary
General Antonio Guterres addressed the
situation in eastern gluta at the
Security Council
I am deeply saddened
by the terrible suffering of the
civilian population in eastern Goethe
400,000 people that lives in hell on
earth I know that very important
consultations are taking place in this
council aiming at a cessation of
hostilities during one month in Syria
with a number of conditions and of
course I fully support that effort but I
believe it's and goods I cannot wait and
so my appeal to all those involved is
for an immediate suspension of all war
activities in eastern buta
allowing foreign military innate to
reach all those in need allowing for
evacuation of an estimated seven hundred
thousand seven hundred people that need
urgent treatment that cannot be provided
there and creating also the possibility
for the other civilians to be
effectively treated in the site this is
a human tragedy that is unfolding in
front of our eyes and I don't think we
can let things go on opening in this
horrendous way rally around what would
make this happen
that's un secretary-general antonio
cherish i mean there's obviously a
significant amount of political will
needed and the primary thing that these
governments that these countries need to
look at is essentially what it means to
continue preventing aid to 400,000
people what does it mean when you have
five hundred people who have been
waiting since july with chronic diseases
with critical medical cases that need to
be evacuated since july and they are
being used as bargaining trips by the
syrian government why is why is why are
these people being prevented from
evacuated why is it that we haven't seen
aid convoys going to eastern hooter
since December ICRC convoys haven't
gotten in since December and prior to
that even other aid convoys haven't
gotten instance October there's no
reason for 400,000 people to continue to
be living in these conditions and the
international community needs to look at
these open source images of what we're
seeing coming out of Utah just to
realize or even begin to get a sliver of
the extent of the horrors that people
are experiencing there but people don't
care I mean I it's not there's no lack
of imagery there's no lie I mean all
this is accessible and available so the
reality is people do not care you know I
think there's sort of like a consensus
in the international community that
Assad is staying the sort of wine they
want a cessation of hostilities you know
once the dust clears I think that
everything will go
you know everybody will come back but
when we talk about evacuation I mean
this is the worst case I mean yes this
is what we need for a human from a
humanitarian perspective but evacuation
is also a death sentence for the pecos
people because basically they're not
they're being it they're being told to
leave where they're from and they're
probably evacuated live where the regime
will continue its assault because that's
still you know in opposition opposition
hands and they're they won't have a home
to come back to because it'll be
replaced with new high-rises and new
buildings that are brought that are
going to be inhabited by the supporters
of the regime and the problem is you
know what we need when you ask what does
it take to make this happen it takes
cooperation with the regime and so you
know this is a pragmatic solution but at
the end of the day rents red's from
humanitarian organizations are going to
the regime your own we're only
continuing to strengthen the hands of
the regime's and the supporters of the
regime ironically but this is and this
is a sort of the cost of doing business
there
I just want to clarify something quickly
regarding the evacuations that I was
referring to I'm definitely not
referring to these mass displacement of
thousands of civilians that we have
clearly called out at Amnesty
International as forced displacement
that has been deliberately happening by
the government to empty these areas and
specifically referring to the 500 cases
of medical critical medical conditions
that need immediate assistance so those
that's the the medical cases that I was
referring to this idea of it's a problem
in a tragedy a human tragedy but a
tragedy of political will the
the assad regime has said again again
and shown it is willing to do whatever
it takes to stay in power and its allies
have shown they're willing to do
whatever it takes to also keep that
regime in power and where is the rest of
the world silent so I absolutely agree
with alia that what is the the unified
voice of the international community
Syrian civilians don't matter very much
and that's not just the voice of
governments that are failing to to act
and uphold the principles of never again
of responsibility to protect it's in
many ways the response of citizens
around the world who have gotten used to
the scenes of violence in Syria who have
kind of a fatigue about Syria who've
moved on and we have blips like this
where Syria kind of comes into the news
cycle again but the suffering together
how horrific the killing absolutely but
as Ali was saying there are so many
forms of violence and some are less
dramatic the suffering of prison
prisoners in in in prisons where there's
systematic torture the starvation of
people the absolute fear under which
people even in government-controlled
areas might might be experiencing there
are multiple forms of violence the world
doesn't care and that is an outrage it's
a stain on the human record I think that
it will will haunt us for four
generations
look Americans barely care about each
other like in this country or this
wonderful country and theoretically
wonderful country where people can other
their fellow citizens how are you going
to get them after like years almost two
decades of this rhetoric of the war on
terror and it's Islamophobia how are you
ever going to get them to be able to see
the you know Syrians as other you know
we both wrote books I mean I I wanted to
write a book on Syria for years and my
agent kept saying no no no there's no
market there was only a market for a
book on Syria and its people when there
was a conflict when I began to fall
apart and so you know what i if if you
know people always want hope I you know
it's very hard to be hopeful at this
point when you're Syrian however as I
sit and I listen to those kids from
Florida what I can hope is that there's
a new generation that sort of kind of is
able to wade through the kind of
identity politics that allow this kind
of other ring and dehumanizing and maybe
like we can look to something to
something new but like everything that
we see is doing an other Internet
organizations is to try to maybe have
some kind of justice and accountability
down the road you know that's sort of
like the best that we can we can hope
for is when we when we I mean I can't
agree more with my two colleagues about
just begin to think about the sense of
abandonment that the Syrian people feel
from day one from 2012 you know today's
the anniversary of the killing of
journalist Marie Colvin in Homs
exactly six years ago and one of her
lines from from from her story the wish
and at the story at the time was this is
all over Twitter you can see people
sharing that line about how the
gentleman from Homs has told her the
world has abandoned us this is six years
ago a me just think about it today after
all of these horrors and yet it's with
all of this you know with this bleak
situation where and for somebody like me
I still feel it's absolutely for us at
Amnesty it's absolutely crucial to do
what we do because what's the
alternative
we cannot let these Horrors go
unrecorded we have to continue to do
this because justice and accountability
has to come at some point there's no
statute on limitation on war crimes and
there's no reconciliation without that I
mean there's no way to go back to the
way things things are things were and
then one of the you know I just want to
one of the best questions I got asked
last year was by a Mexican high school
student and I think you know people who
live in other parts of the world are
have been at that age have already been
disavowed or the kind of idealism I
think they were sort of raised or at
least I was raised on back in Cold War
America and he said so first he said
well you you could have a kid our age
which I didn't love hearing and he said
if you have you know if one of us or
zero child what would you say to us
Sarah what would you have even said to
us and you know now that everything has
happens here would you say to us go seek
your future outside the country get your
try to get your education outside and
make up money and make a life there
would you tell us to still stand up for
our ideals and go out and fight or would
you tell us to stay because you love us
and you want us to stay but you would
tell us to like put our head down and go
along to get along which was like the
preferred tactic of Syrians for the
first 40 years of the regime and so when
somebody at 18 like we're look at the 18
year olds from Florida they're sort of
already they still have some idealism
and like this kid was able to
ask me a question that sort of came out
of the experience of what was going on
in Mexico you know and what are you
supposed to say what are you because if
you have to protect your child what do
you say or do you put them in though in
a raft and take your chances in the
Mediterranean well one way not to learn
about a story is to stop the people from
that country coming to your country
hearing the voices that you bring out
for example Wendy in your book what
about the migrant policies and the
refugee policies what about the Muslim
ban in this country and what it means
and other countries as well France now
cracking down even more when we were in
France a few years ago we went to what
even the inhabitants of this refugee
camp called the largest in France called
the jungle and it was like a map of the
US bombings around the world people
lived in it in Afghanistan they lived in
Iraq the areas of the refugee camp the
Iraqis lived in one place the Afghans
lived in another place we discussed this
at Amnesty International and said that
there's no way to deal with this
situation without looking at it as from
the framework or the perspective of a
shared responsibility across across the
world and across different governments
when you when you look at this
administration you look at the
expressions of concern that has come out
from members of this administration from
the President himself when he decided to
intervene after the chemical attack you
know you make these expressions or can
of concern but on the other hand we've
expressed deep concern about the
executive order and preventing Syrians
from being able to to have a dignified
way to exit their conflict and in the
situation they're in and so there's
definitely two very competing narratives
here you can't on the one hand express
concern about these people on the other
hand prevent them from escaping these
horrors I think I just finished reading
Valeri
lluís Ali's book and si and 40 questions
where she's talking about the migration
of children from central South America
to the United States and you know she
talks about how we can see whether this
is their problem I can't they get their
you know situation under control in
these countries and she says that we
need to redefine this and this is a
hemispheric problem this sort of brings
us into it and I would you know go one
step further there with all of these
migrations especially ones that have a
you know direct result with the
destabilization of Iraq and the
invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq I mean
we are not not this is also a part of
our problem and on a personal note you
know my mom came here pregnant in 1974
from Syria from what was supposed to be
a temporary stay and the reason we
couldn't go back was because the regime
murdered somebody in our family and our
house was taken with the with the
sanctioning of the state so I was some
house I'm somehow spare but for the you
know grace of my American passport I've
been completely spared the sort of
indignities of today and you know I
walked from Greece to Germany with a
bunch of Syrians and like I mean it was
insane to think that my mom was just
able to board a plane and set up a life
here and even though it wasn't the life
she wanted and it wasn't at the time
planned and you know I just think the
United States Europe we need to be a
little bit more honest about our own
histories and the whole informations of
our societies none of the none of us
emerge from the sea like Venus you know
all of these societies are the result of
massive migration some forced like
slavery others as a result of World War
two I mean so both both Europe and this
place have been made in those images and
to think that somehow we you know
history stops with this generation and
we're not going to continue with what
has been the trajectory of human
existence is in my aunt Wendy's address
you know Wendy the interview in your
book that addresses the concept of
homeland what is a homeland that she
left her country a homeland is a place
where one feels safe not trees and
stones Wendy yeah no absolutely and I so
I'm not since I think it's really
important to keep the refugee crisis as
people say in the context of the larger
war the people I talk to would say
things like the international community
is shown the sense of abandonment
they're not helping to resolve the war
in Syria yet they're also closing their
borders and not allowing us to escape
from Syria I mean
it's completely unacceptable and under
any imagination and Syrian refugees like
many refugees all refugees perhaps
suffer this full array of challenges and
forms of suffering and pain so Syrian
refugees with whom I spoke in in Turkey
Lebanon and Jordan where five and a half
million refugees live on the borders of
Syria are in a state of political and
legal limbo they have guests satis many
most are not allowed to work legally
they suffer exploitation in the informal
economy live in atrocious housing
situations and just wait there's an
epidemic people say of child labor
