[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman while tensions between
the US and Russia continue to heat up
one group of filmmakers has found a way
to strengthen ties between Russia and
the United States through a common bond
their disabilities a new film premiering
tonight in New York follows the media
enabled Musketeers American and Russian
filmmakers with disabilities as they
make original films to tell their
stories this is a clip from the
documentary all for one featuring two of
our guests Jon Novick and then roslov
speaking in Moscow after learning about
the struggles disabled people face there
the things we saw today have been really
upset in the United States they allow
disabled people to go to regular schools
as for Russia they don't they just keep
them in special schools sad yeah you
know it's like it's like saying no
disabled people allowed it's like no
dogs allowed I remember Ben's are the
nicest thing to me you looked at me and
said do you think there's a way I can
lift you up and maybe someone else can
help put your legs straight and move
your legs and we can get you back
walk-in again maybe yeah well what's
this test can you try to move your leg
while on the wheelchair my injury is in
my spinal cord you're doing everything
you can like mentally but nothing's
happening if someone came up to you and
told you like okay anyway today I'm
gonna I'm gonna cure you
like how would you convey to them what
would you say explaining how hard it is
well it's not gonna be an easy as a
person who has autism how I want to be
cruel I want us to be quick I must be
clearly clearly yes sir yeah it's it's a
problem you are doing everything you can
and you know in fact I admire that
that's Andrew Angulo he's a filmmaker
from Los Angeles together with Ben
roslov and Jon Novick and Novick in the
film all for one that's directed by Jon
Alpert and they've recently turned from
Russia Jon Novick if you can talk about
what you learned from your dialogue with
Russian filmmakers and people in Russia
I mean here you are doing outreach for
the de Blasio administration around
accessibility and just the lives of
people with disabilities in New York
what you learn in Russia
well I think that examining let's say
the two of them parallel to each other
that I'd say as far as disability civil
rights we are further along in the
United States and what we're seeing
right now in Russia is I think a lot of
grassroots a lot of parents with
children that have disabilities kind of
taking the lead because they are
empowered to do so that they must and
that every inch needs to be fought for
whereas here we have you know a little
bit more I guess resources now only from
the nonprofit sector but branches of
government we have the Americans with
Disabilities Act the federal you know
federal law passed in 1990 to protect
the lives of people with disabilities so
I just think that there is a lot of
local grassroots and a lot of passion
that I think is something that was
really enlightening to take back to the
United States now talk about where you
grew up and your parents made sure you
were in regular public school yeah in
public school so I am a little person
you know I have a contra plastic
dwarfism but my parents do not and it's
actually very common achondroplasia is a
genetic mutation that occurs and for
this reason my parents had no experience
with this
and when I was growing up they wanted to
make sure that I was independent as
possible that I was you know attending
public school and I was in public school
I was in you know I wasn't in a
particular classroom I was with other
people that you know didn't have any
disabilities at least seemingly and as a
result of this form of accommodation
that I had was I had an aide it was a
woman her name was mrs. Castellano and
she's watching shout out to mrs. castle
but she basically was with me for
anything that I needed whether it was
accommodations for you know not being
able to carry all of my books or a
little bit of help organizing actually
when I was younger I had a lot of
difficulty holding a pencil so I needed
someone to take notes for me she was a
scribe I still tried because I had to
get that practice in but ultimately she
was able to provide more oh so she was
with you until what grade well she was
with me until sixth grade and then in
seventh grade I had a new aide and I
kind of had different aides every year
until the end of ninth grade so my
sophomore year of high school I was the
first time I didn't have an eighth it
was a time when I was completely
independent I could take my own notes I
could carry my own books I could make my
own way and why does it feel like it
felt amazing it felt honestly it did I
remember just feeling awesome I remember
because it just kind of felt like you
know you know I was very thankful and
especially now hindsight I was very
thankful to have this assistance and I
don't think I understood that the
immense help it was at the time but at
the same time you know as a kid you're
just like I wanna hang out like friends
and I don't like I don't want anybody
like you know I don't want teachers
around me and it was always that was
that person where you know like there
was always somebody a piece of a faculty
member with me so I felt like I couldn't
truly be a kid so I just felt like there
was this balance between it and when I
finally was you know deemed independent
enough to not have an aide it was just
that's great then you also went to
public school you did a film that is
excerpted in this film on autism
talk about your parents decision and
what that meant to you you grew up here
in New York well I was
I was originally born in Queens and then
few years later I moved to Great Neck
when I was like four four actually I
think I was three at that time and like
before like I didn't go to the same
school as my as my older sibling my
brother went to well in grading so I was
sent to a special school that times due
to me being autism like that time I
didn't know that I was autistic I didn't
know that I had a disability I thought I
was non-disabled like everyone else and
I mean I didn't know what autism was
that time so I so I was sent to a school
that was a special school that was not
part of Great Neck but down east and
Long Island somewhere along now in New
York but however my parents eventually
fought for me to go to a regular school
so yeah I started like I started going
to a regular school before I turned six
years old actually I was like in first
grade so I thought like I thought my
family did a great job about that it was
a good skill for me to get used to being
like people were none disabled it's a
perfect way to fit in with people who
are non-disabled no this is part two of
our conversation and after we finished
part one you said there's a critical
point I wanted to make that I didn't get
to make yet
and this was when we were talking about
you going to Russia oh yeah oh yeah when
I was when I was in Russia well I got to
meet new people they're not just be at
the film festival but meet new people
and learn all the things they do what we
don't do in America and and it's pretty
interesting actually and um but the
thing that up diver Depp said it me
there is like like when we brought
Andrew Angelo like with us is that
correct yeah that's the clip we just saw
of the three of you in your hotel room
talking yeah
well when we brought him like most of
the ramps and the wheel like there was
no wheelchair access accessible so I'm
like we had to keep lifting him upstairs
and downstairs into every building and
also let me let me go to this point
because we have a clip from your film
all for one exploring how accessible
various parts of Moscow and New York are
for people with disabilities
this is a clip when you arrive at
Moscow's Red Square
Andrew Angulo navigates the square in
his wheelchair yeah it's a little tricky
I'm gonna watch all the little cracks
front wheel can get caught and I'm be
flying forward so as much as I can I try
to do a little wheelie coming down
there are the efforts to try to make
Moscow accessible but being able to go
down something like this would be
extremely sketchy
I would be quite afraid
we're gonna take our chances with this
20 lane highway instead
this cop is shutting down Moscow to keep
us from getting killed okay
this was unbelievable that was media
enabled Musketeers filmmaker Andrew
Angulo navigating Red Square in Moscow
from a wheelchair in the clip a police
officer escorts him and others across to
say the least a multi-lane very busy
street because facilities in and around
Red Square are not easily accessible Jon
if you can take us further on this trip
I mean what happened I mean what he had
to do to get into these subways in a
wheelchair well yes he never rode the
subway first of all and accessible but
we basically so there's the scene that
you just saw was us looking at these
underground tunnels that they have so
large highway as you saw there would be
underground tunnels that go through and
their answer to accessibility was
slapping on these plastic bars that were
expected to catch the wheels of a
wheelchair but it's at steeper than like
a 45-degree angle actually steeper than
a ski it was but also it goes down and
then it goes flat and goes down so
basically that you have like an X Games
thing happening where if somebody were
to go down they would presumably fly off
after it tapers off and then I I don't
know you can actually there's actually a
video of someone in in in Russia I
obviously I don't know what it's called
but somebody who actually tries like a
person who does not use a wheelchair
just getting anyone to see what would
happen if I did it and then just
constantly it's like a two-minute video
of just incredible wipeouts of like if
someone actually did it but this was a
common theme that we ran into where
there would be an attempt to like an
accessible attempt to address issues
with an infrastructure but they
inherently required the assistance of
another person so if we want to make
something truly accessible the person
with the disability needs to be able to
navigate it themselves and this was a
theme that we kept seeing that we
constantly needed to assist Andrew and
go through there was a lot of challenges
because of the infrastructure he
you needed to be you know assisted into
building down sidewalks everything no
that's Moscow I mean you're in charge of
outreach here in New York City our
colleague at democracy now Robbie Karen
uses a wheelchair he's constantly
posting you know trying to get into
subways and elevators broken down we're
at 23rd Street here there is no there is
no elevator but what it means to get by
and what efforts are being made well I
mean so for the MTA the MTA is actually
state-run so that is not run by the
mayor's office there are you know I
think forward attempts with the recent
appointment of Andy Byford he seems to
be taking a very proactive stance on not
only improving the entire subway system
but specifically accessibility into
subway system so everything is being
built new previously I think on that in
the and we saw a clip of Commissioner
Victor khaleesi talking about the age of
the subway system which provides a lot
of issues because there's the the size
of it and then the the age of it and the
difficulty in actually getting down
providing access but you look at
anything that's being built new their
success ability built into it the second
Avenue subway station already has
accessibility built into it with
elevators and as we continue we will
continue doing that but we're looking
for solutions and how to fix it and
continue and build onto it to make sure
that there's accessibility consider John
Albert you've made many films this film
for you what it meant as a differently
abled person yourself I mean I think
that issue of and I think been raised it
and also John you know people have all
sorts of disabilities whether you see
them or you don't I'm quite sensitive to
this because my father for the last 20
years of his life was severely disabled
had mobility problems and and his
identity changed from what it was to a
person with a disability that's how
people looked at him the opportunities
that he had had her earlier in his life
before he became disabled disappeared it
affected our whole family I think
everybody's family has somebody
who has a disability and I think that
all of us at some point in our lives
we're going to become disabled my dad
who is in a wheelchair so when I said to
him what is different for you being in a
wheelchair he said no one looks at me
anymore he said people actually avert
their eyes you think you're being polite
he said when a person looks away from
you he said can you imagine going down
the street usually you make eye contact
you nod to someone everyone's quickly
looking in another direction you no
longer make you know have
person-to-person contact he said if I
may actually John you touched on a very
interesting point so this idea that as
quality of life increases and as
technology increases everybody is living
longer and we are at one point or
another
experiencing disability you don't have
to be born with a disability to
experience it whether it be temporary or
as you get older if you experience
issues walking issues hearing issues
seeing and develop a disability over
time and I think it's important that we
you know plan for this
so we looking about disability thinking
about what disability means and
ultimately I think you can actually
attributed more to the environment
around you I think with proper
accommodations as we talked about Andrew
talking about the difficulties that he
faced in Moscow he doesn't have a
disability if his environment allows him
to move freely throughout it and I think
that it's just kind of important to note
that that there's this stigma around
disability of avoiding eye contact and
things like that but I think with a
properly accessible environment that can
be a total GameChanger
and then as we wrap up because I know
you have to head off for work and you're
very diligent about getting to work on
time why you got involved in the media
as a form of expression for you well
when I was in middle school there was a
it was I there was like a TV studio and
I and I'm so a teacher named mr. Robert
Glock he he helped me out like learn how
to like do certain kinds of media like
him like during my high school year I
was like doing camera work but I didn't
know about editing
time until I had a help from one of his
assistants actually from school actually
but so yeah I used to learn but then
that time I was like doing Final Cut Pro
but then when I interned at mayor's
office for people with disabilities
Jonathan Novick here here was taught me
how did it like do Premiere Pro actually
and John you're a film editor yes yep
it's all thanks to him actually so when
I worked at a probably so it's now that
I start working at a public relations
program the salon scam partners there
was some it was like well during the
interview like I almost forgot what key
like how to cut like they just told me
to just click on it but then suddenly I
remembered what and and they were like
wow I didn't know that that you can cut
like that I didn't know what it wasn't
like I like they started learning the
things that you taught me and John what
does it mean for you to be able to
represent yourself like in the film you
made about being a dwarf getting around
New York City and teaching others to be
able to speak in their own voices with
their own words describing their own
challenges I think that it is a very
cathartic experience I think being able
to empower people with disabilities
without disabilities to voice their you
know issues that they're having
experiences that they're having and
really put a lot of energy and effort
into their their craft which brings us
to you Jon Alpert the whole purpose of
DC TV of downtown community television
in this old hundred year old firehouse
down right near Ground Zero yeah
September 11th yes the firehouse opened
to help people Democracy Now was there
at that time
this converted firehouse what your dream
is for it this place you've built for
decades I think it's to give
opportunities to everybody
people of all different types of income
all different racial backgrounds born in
different places people with all
different types of abilities and it's
the same thing that you're doing you
have us on the show we're all doing this
together because we understand the power
of media we understand that it can be a
great equalizer and level the playing
field you're doing it every day and we
appreciate it well thank you all for
being with us Jon Alpert is the director
of all-4-one and Jon Novick and Ben
Rostov we follow you on your journey to
Moscow as you join with filmmakers with
disabilities in both places large group
of people to examine the challenges that
you face from Moscow to New York
sentencing can you sing you something
Ben can you sing that I didn't know you
guys I'm racing you know but can I just
have been was what play were you when
you're in The Tempest oh yeah I was in
William Shakespeare's final play called
The Tempest actually in when I was like
in epic players actually is the egg
theatre it's a very prestigious
off-broadway and what was your part for
Prince Fernand actually the name of the
theatre was actually called the flea
theater sorry yeah see I can and
remember since I can't sorry yeah yeah I
know I know sometimes we make mistakes
about surnames or where we are but yeah
I was I was Prince Ferdinand it the son
of King Alonso in the country Naples
which is in Italy we did which is in
Italy actually and yeah I got so yes so
now it was first it was camera work that
I did which is filming second editing
and now acting it's all the three done
doing right now
Wow so do you want it to take us out
with a song sure I will do so right ad
right now okay
don't lose your way with each passing
day you've come so far don't throw it
away live be
dreams are for weaving wonders are
waiting to start live your story Faith
Hope and Glory hold to the truth in your
heart if we hold on together I know our
dreams will never die dreams see us
through to forever where clouds roll by
for you and
[Music]
there you have been roslov singer-actor
editor filmmaker John Novick I don't
know about your singing abilities do you
wanna sing something but is a filmmaker
and also does community outreach for the
office of disabilities in New York City
and John Alford founder with his wife K
code suno of DC TV downtown community
