this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez we turn now to the
us-mexico border where a reporter
obtained the recording of immigrant
parents who have been separated from
their children the audio is from a mass
trial of dozens of immigrants in a
courtroom in Brownsville Texas standing
shoulder-to-shoulder men and women in
shackles plead guilty to the crime of
illegal entry during a mass trial if you
listen closely you can hear the clinking
of their chains as federal magistrate
judge Ronald Morgan asked a man if he
would like to say anything before he is
sentenced
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that audio of federal magistrate judge
Ronald Morgan's courtroom in Brownsville
Texas is from a report for the intercept
by Debbie Nathan headline hidden horrors
of zero-tolerance mass trials and
children taken from their parents the
story also features a rare photograph
from inside a federal courthouse in
Pecos Texas that shows dozens of
immigrants in orange jumpsuits spread
across a courtroom and filling up a jury
boxes they are all tried at once mass
trials for crossing the border scattered
cases of family separations have taken
place since Operation Streamline was
first introduced in 2005 but last month
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced
the federal government will now
prosecute quote 100 percent of illegal
southwest border crossings I have put in
place a zero tolerance policy for
illegal entry
on our southwest border if you cross the
border unlawfully then we will prosecute
you is that simple
if you smuggle illegal aliens across our
border then we will prosecute to you if
you are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as well for more on
this new policy how it's unfolding we go
to Austin Texas where we're joined by
Debbie Nathan independent journalists
usually based in Brownsville Texas on
the Mexico border her new report for the
intercept hidden horrors of
zero-tolerance mass trials and children
taken from their parents she's been on
the ground reporting on what she calls
zero tolerance factories describe what
you saw Debbie I've been to several of
these trials I've been in Brownsville
Laredo and El Paso and what you see is
somewhere between 20 and 40 something
people all triple shackled not to each
other but individually their hands and
handcuffs chained to their waists and
their feet shackled and they clock in or
clang into court I mean there's this
clanging sound of chains and they go
through these mass processes in less
than an hour usually and they often they
are instructed to answer in groups or
answer on mass so you'll hear like 40
people being asked a question and
they'll say see all at once or they'll
say no and it's it's just on it's really
uncanny it's shocking it doesn't feel
like due process one after one after one
after one after one was only one lawyer
they plead guilty copa blake or public
or public who probably I mean it's just
it just feels like something out I mean
the photo itself added to the sounds
really makes you think of something like
Abu Ghraib except that it's completely
legal in this country now to do this to
people it's just quite shocking to see
and you know very few people go to see
it which i think is another
reason why it's happening on the border
and with so little oversight I've had
trouble getting into courtrooms I go to
get into the Federal Building and I'm
told no the judge said that the
courtroom is too crowded nobody can go
in except for Border Patrol agents and
lawyers and I've had to argue to get in
even after I've said I was a reporter so
people don't see these these proceedings
and people are afraid to argue actually
so the fact that this photo was taken is
actually very remarkable the the defense
bar that I spoke was in that area that's
the Western District of Texas said that
they think that it was a marshal who
took it somebody inside the court
secretly took it probably and my
experience hanging around these
courtrooms and talking to people and
even having a little bit of
whistleblower effect is that there are a
lot of people inside these courtrooms or
inside these courthouses who are not
comfortable with what's going on in fact
if you can if we were able to continue
to listen to the judge in that tape he
even starts to feel real anxiety
expresses anxiety about the fact that
maybe it's not true though that people
are being reunited in these let's go up
with their children which is not true
which actually goes on to say to the to
the assistant US attorney if this is not
true if you're not reuniting these
children then we can imagine the hell
that's being created so the judge I mean
there's so many people who are not
comfortable with what's going on well if
we can let's go to the audio recording
you obtained from the Brownsville Texas
courtroom of a federal magistrate judge
Ronald Morgan as he's presiding over the
mass trials of these of these folks who
were apprehended at the border this was
in late April and this begins with judge
Morgan offering another defendant the
chance to address him before she was
sentenced
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
my understanding is is that where there
is and child care and child are supposed
to be joined before they are separated
instant home is that correct that's how
they play this time then there lot of
folks have some answer to do because
what you've got in effect by separating
these children that you're putting there
someplace
[Music]
again that was federal magistrate judge
Ronald Morgan speaking in his
brownsville texas courtroom and late
April in this audio that Debbie Nathan
obtained for her report and on the in
the intercept Debbie this whole issue of
lawyers one lawyer representing thirty
forty fifty people obviously they can't
have much in terms of individual
information about that particular person
well might have driven them to try to
cross the border to begin with yeah what
I've heard is that they're getting
somewhere between seven and ten minutes
of counsel right before the proceedings
and you know I've talked to public
defenders who try very very hard to get
information that would be helpful to the
to the I was going to say client but to
the defendant for example who really
make an effort to find out whether they
crossed with their children and whether
they have a claim a credible fear claim
that would allow them to later in the
process claim asylum but it seems so
inconsistent like I was in court in El
Paso last week and there were sixty
defendants and they were split into 20
into three groups of twenty and so each
group of twenty had a lawyer and I
interviewed one lawyer who told me that
of his twenty not one of them had been
separated from a child and not one of
them had an asylum claim or a credible
fear claim so then in the third group I
was able to interview the attorney who
spoke Spanish unlike the first one and
seemed very very concerned about the
immigration issues and he told me that
of the twenty that I saw him
representing ten of them had been
separated from a total of fifteen
children including one woman who was
separated for three children and you
know he obtained that information by
just really speaking with these people
so you get the feeling that you know the
the legal representation as
as short as it is as few minutes as it
is also depends on whether the lawyers
even care you know to find out what's
going on you know in also where you are
where you usually work in Brownsville
Oregon Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley
was barred from entering a detention
center which was an old Walmart
it's a detention center for immigrant
children just Sunday after traveling to
the center to see firsthand the Trump
administration's practice of separating
immigrant children and their parents he
tweeted I was bored entry asked
repeatedly to speak to a supervisor he
finally came out and said he can't tell
us anything police were called on us
children should never be ripped from
their families and held in secretive
detention centers he tweeted federal
authorities reportedly separating at
least 600 immigrant children from their
parents last month sparking widespread
outrage and international condemnation
even a u.s. senator is being escorted
away by police not allowed to go into
the old Walmart where children are being
held that we are paying for Debbie yeah
I wasn't surprised it was you know sort
of the same experience only in spades of
what I've had when I've tried to go into
court it seems like everybody is just
being treated like some bum that knocks
on the door you know like what are you
doing here and you know we're gonna call
the cops on you I mean it was in a way
shocking to see him treated that way I
saw the video yesterday but it wasn't
surprising to me nobody can get in there
Debbie I want to turn to and interview
you did with migrants you met in the in
Mexico just across the border from El
Paso this clip from a video you posted
on Twitter this week and begins with you
asking the migrants if they tried to
cross the bridge to the United States at
that port of entry did you try to cross
the bridge via get him yes we want to
cross the bridge but they do not allow
us what happened when you try to cross
so just get him a suppose we want to
seek help to enter the u.s. what's your
name my name is Chico we want to enter
the United States because we want to
find a job
we have debts we owe a lot because we
are far from our country what will
happen to you if do you fear violence
there yes of course if we do not pay our
debts the money we owe they will
threaten or kill us so Debbie can you
explain these are the the US agents
crossing are they crossing into Mexico
before even the border crossings point
that the the migrants who try to get
through so traditionally you go to the
port of entry
- and you which is this big building at
the bottom you know and now in
Brownsville is a big curved bridge and
you go to the bottom of the bridge to
the US side to the port of entry and you
tell the agents that you want to request
asylum and that is your legal right
you're in the United States at that
point and you request asylum so what's
been happening up and down the border is
and this has been going on probably for
at least a year and a half that I'm
aware of anyway is that they're putting
agents up at the top of the bridge
because you know there's sort of an
invisible line which is often marked
with a plaque but there's a line
dividing the United States and Mexico so
they want what the government wants at
this point is for people not to be able
to step into the United States at that
invisible line because they then they
can't apply for asylum and so they've
got these agents at the top of the
bridge and they're standing there and
they're asking everybody who they're
suspicious about you know and suspicious
of of not you know of maybe they're
gonna apply for asylum but asking people
for their documents and then they won't
let people go in to the United States so
I mean it's almost like they're not even
in Mexico technically they're in Mexico
but they're like six inches from the
United States and that's illegal i mean
that's against american law and it's
against international law but that's
what's happening up and down the border
and that's what i observed when i was in
El Paso last week and I interviewed
those people who had been turned back
they'd already been turned back about
three times and told oh come back like
come back at ten o'clock tonight or come
back at six in the morning we don't have
room for you now so they were camped out
in front of a bathroom at the bottom of
the bridge which is the Mexico side and
and you know again incredibly upsetting
to see them really looking hungry and
looking exhausted and weeping and
telling me that they have multiple times
tried to get in get past these agents
and that they were not able to Debbie
Nathan you also have a new report out
for the intercept that's headlined
Border Patrol continues to exaggerate
danger to agents to justify violence
against immigrants I want to ask you
about this and how it relates to the
Border Patrol officer who just shot dead
shot through the head the 19 year old
indigenous Guatemalan woman Claudia
Gomez killing her this in Rio Bravo
Texas video of the aftermath of the
killing shows Border Patrol agents
sealing off the scene and detaining at
least two people the agents first
claimed the officer fired in
self-defense after officers were
attacked by blunt objects the family of
Claudia Gomez Gonzalez said she set off
for a better life in the United States
despite what they had heard about
tougher policies towards undocumented
immigrants under Donald Trump
this is Gomez's mother Lydia Gonzales
I'm going to achieve something she said
I'll earn money for my study she said
but unfortunately she wasn't able to do
that immigration killed my little girl
my little baby no no no she didn't go to
steal she's just gone my baby that's how
it is I just want justice for my girl
because it's not fair for them to do
this now if people are able to help me
retrieve my baby's body as soon as
possible that's what I want we can't do
anything else now she's dead she's dead
so Debbie Nathan if you can talk about
Border Patrol continuing to exaggerate
the danger to agents to justify violence
against immigrants this horrific story
about the shooting death of Claudia
yeah a few months ago I started
investigating the claims that border
patrol has been making for about the
past several months that it's a very
dangerous job and that their assault
statistics were way way up from last
year and I got data from the Border
Patrol which showed that in fact
assaults were down and injuries are down
but they were using this accounting
method they were counting in this very
strange unconventional way and for
example what I was told from law
enforcement people is that you know
police and law enforcement officials
usually like if somebody's assaulted
that's considered one assault I mean
somebody could throw seven rocks at you
and that would be in your one agent so
that's counted as one assault but the
Border Patrol was was or still is I
guess multiplying the number of agents
assaulted and by the way an assault
doesn't necessarily cause an injury and
in most cases where the Border Patrol it
doesn't but multiplying the number of
agents assaulted by the number of
perpetrators and the number of weapons
so the example that they gave me was six
agents assaulted by seven perpetrators
who used a water bottle a rock and a
tree branch so when you multiply and
multiply and multiply you get 126
assaults eventually that would be
counted as six assaults and remember
that actually the spokesperson did not
respond when I asked if any of the
agents had been hurt so what I found out
as I continued and did the second report
was that injuries are down according to
other methods that you can look at
objective methods to look at injuries in
the Border Patrol and the way that this
relates to the young woman who was
killed is that she was actually killed
about a mile from a case that I'm aware
of what we're a very tiny guatemalan who
looks to me like he was a teenager was
running from Border Patrol agents I
guess in the same way that that the
woman in this group was running a year
later he was running and there was a
melee that ensued in which he was
accused of assaulting and
patrol agent but he elected to go to
trial or he was put on trial and he was
acquitted and it was explained to me by
the public defenders in the Southern
District that their assumption was that
the jury just took a look at the size
difference between these two people the
agent was this pretty big burly guy and
the the immigrant looked like a little
pencil I mean he was just this tiny
frail he probably had a hundred pounds
in the agent probably weighed at least
160 so they just figured that oh no plus
the immigrant had blood on his ear his
ear was all banged up and the agent had
I think like a sprained elbow so he was
acquitted but what was interesting to me
was that that will go into that incident
whatever it was about and for which he
was acquitted we'll go into the
statistics as an assault and what's also
very telling to me is that if you listen
to the Border Patrol sort of talking to
itself the Border Patrol counsel which
is their union has a podcast which is
sponsored by Breitbart
where the hosts sit there and they they
talk about you know they're very
anti-immigrant and very sort of feeling
sorry for themselves there's one
particular podcast that anybody can
listen to where they say you know we've
just had enough of these assaults and we
should be allowed to respond we should
be allowed to use more force and should
be allowed to mm-hm and we should
basically be allowed to beat people up
that's what they say
Debbie Nathan we want to thank you for
being with us thank you for all your
work on the border and as you work from
Brownsville Texas on the Mexico border
we'll link to your pieces and the
intercept hidden horrors of
zero-tolerance mass trials and children
taken from the parents as well as the
piece you just did border patrol
continues to exaggerate danger to agents
to justify violence against immigrants
when we come back the Supreme Court
ruling in favor of a Colorado Baker who
refused to bake a wedding cake for a gay
couple citing his religious opposition
stay with us
