this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world confirmation hearings begin
today for judge Brett Kavanaugh
president Trump's pick to fill Justice
Anthony Kennedy seat on the Supreme
Court if he has confirmed it would
likely make the court the most
conservative since the 1930s Cavanaugh
is 53 years old and could serve on the
Supreme Court for decades critics warned
his confirmation would lead to major
rollbacks of civil rights labor
protections environmental regulations
gun control measures voting rights and
reproductive rights including possibly
the overturning of roe v wade just hours
before the hearings were set to begin a
lawyer for a former President George W
Bush released more than 40,000 pages of
documents from Cavanaugh's time in the
White House counsel's office between
2001 and 2003 he was also staff
secretary in the White House from 2003
to 2006 before Bush appointed him to the
US Court of Appeals a District of
Columbia Senate Minority Leader Charles
Schumer tweeted Monday quote not a
single senator will be able to review
these records before tomorrow and he
called for the hearings to be delayed
this comes as the Trump administration
is withholding more than a hundred
thousand pages of Cavanaugh's records on
the basis of presidential privilege on
Sunday Senate Judiciary Committee member
dick Durbin joined and calls to delay
the hearings assertion of executive
privilege by the White House to take a
hundred thousand documents and say the
American people will not get a chance to
see them as they reflect on Cavanaugh's
background is the first time in history
this denial of access to documents
violates a rule that we thought was the
tradition of the Senate under Senator
sessions and Senator Leahy time and
again when it came to Obama nominees
they are suppressing these documents if
we're
we will see 6% 6% of all of the
documents that have been produced or
could be produced to reflect on
Cavanaugh's true position on issues
today's hearings will begin with opening
statements and introductions from
witnesses including former Secretary of
State Condoleezza Rice
Democrats will call former President
Richard Nixon's White House Counsel John
Dean as a witness to testify about the
limits of the executive power after the
hearings the full Senate will vote on
the Committee's recommendation on
Cavanaugh's nomination last year
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell used the
so-called nuclear option to confirm
Trump's other Supreme Court nominee neo
Gorsuch with just 51 votes instead of 60
meanwhile conservative groups like the
National Rifle Association are spending
millions on TV ads and states from Maine
to Alaska where key senators votes on
Cavanaugh's confirmation are at stake
for more we go to Washington DC where
we're joined by Kristen Clark president
and executive director of the lawyers
Committee for civil rights under law
which also leads the nonpartisan
election protection coalition last week
they released a damning report on
Cavanaugh's record on cases and also
issued a statement opposing Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court
Kristen Clark will attend the Senate
confirmations for Cavanaugh all this
week they start today a Christian Clark
welcome back to Democracy Now can you
talk about what is known at this point a
hundred thousand documents the Trump
administration is still holding and yet
you've done a comprehensive look at Bret
Cavanaugh's record to the extent that
you can talk about your concerns so this
is a most extraordinary position
securing a lifetime seat on our nation's
highest court really requires that both
the Senate and public exercise the
highest level of vigilance and
understanding who Brett Kavanaugh is in
understanding his record both on and off
the court my organization the lawyers
Committee for civil rights under law
undertook the review that we were able
to we looked at his cases during his
time on the DC Circuit we looked at his
cases in the areas of criminal Jeff
this voting rights environmental justice
economic justice and more and we came to
the very solid conclusion that he is
somebody who will turn the clock back
when it comes to advancing civil rights
and protecting constitutional rights in
our country let me give one very
powerful example that I think
illustrates his judicial philosophy and
the kind of judge that he would likely
be if confirmed to the court in an
incredibly important case called Homer
versus EPA Brett Kavanaugh struck down a
critical rule passed by the EPA to deal
with cross-state air pollution it was
called the cross-state air pollution
rule that case went up to the Supreme
Court and he was reversed Brett
Kavanaugh was reversed by a margin of 6
to 2 with both Justice Roberts and
Kennedy in the majority the late Justice
Scalia and Justice Clarence Thomas were
in the dissent in that case but it shows
that he is somebody who squarely aligns
with Justice Thomas when it comes to
judicial philosophy it shows that he is
somebody who puts the interests of
Industry over people the industry of the
powerful over the minority he is
somebody who would gut and undercut the
important work that our federal agencies
are undertaking right now to protect the
American public when it comes to
environmental racism and you know he is
somebody who would absolutely shift the
court to the right Justice Kennedy was
by no means a progressive on the court
but his vote was in play and in fact in
about 50 cases concerning civil rights
matters he and Roberts were on opposite
ends of the spectrum with Brett
Kavanaugh we can expect that a hundred
percent of the time will likely have
five conservative justices who are
turning the clock back on incredibly
important areas for minority communities
in
country well Christian Clarke before we
get more deeply into the his actual
record this whole issue of the documents
and the Trump administration not wanting
to release a hundred thousand documents
from his time as a staffer on in the in
the White House in the Bush White House
I want to turn to then Senator Jeff
Sessions speaking in 2010 when he was a
senior Republican on the Senate
Judiciary Committee and and the same
issue arose back then he warned he would
not allow confirmation hearings to go
forward for President Obama's Supreme
Court nominee Elena Kagan until the
release of 160,000 pages of documents
related to Kagan's days in the Clinton
White House a Solicitor General were
released we're heading to what could be
a train wreck
I don't believe that this committee can
go forward with an adequate hearing when
the public record of a nominee of this
importance to such a lifetime position
as justice on the Supreme Court it can
go forward without these documents in
questions so that was Jeff Sessions in
2010 and all of those documents were
released by the Obama administration
Kristin Clark II your take on this there
this is total hypocrisy there is a
double standard in place in the modern
era the Senate has insisted that we have
full transparency when it comes to
evaluating the records underlying
Supreme Court nominees and as you heard
Jeff Sessions then-senator threatened to
boycott MS Kagan's nomination and
ultimately every single document from
Kagan's tenure in the White House was
turned over there's a gross double
standard in place today in just an hour
so the Senate will open here in some
Brett Kavanaugh despite the fact that
millions of documents from his time in
the White House where he worked in both
the White House counsel's office and a
secretary working shoulder-to-shoulder
with President Bush none of these
materials have been turned over
chairman Grassley made the inexplicable
decision to only seek documents
pertaining to his time in the White
House counsel's office and on Friday
night we saw a memo come out from a
private lawyer who has been retained to
review and screen those documents saying
that they weren't turning 100,000 of
those documents over because of
executive privilege as far as we know
this is a first time president or a
White House has ever invoked executive
privilege in this era in this way and we
have to remember this is the Trump White
House invoking the privilege for
documents from the Bush era from a
period that predates him by over a
decade Bush himself has said I I
authorized these documents to be
disclosed I want this review process to
be guided by the principle of
transparency but as we've seen
throughout the Trump administration
their rule is to operate in secrecy and
to keep information away from the
American public it is shameful frankly
that the Senate is moving forward with
this confirmation process today they
should suspend those hearings until they
have all of those materials and can do
their proper due diligence I am still
waiting for a senator frankly whose
courageous enough to file suit and seek
judicial relief because frankly we're in
unchartered territory we have never seen
in a modern era a process that has been
so shrouded in secrecy as this one and
it's important that we ask what are they
hiding in those materials you know Brett
Kavanaugh one of the critical roles that
he played in the White House was
reviewing and vetting judicial nominees
perhaps we'll see materials where he
explicitly asked whether a nominee would
overturn roe v wade whether a nominee
believed that discrimination was real
and ongoing in our country perhaps their
red flag indicators that would tell us
precisely
Brett Kavanaugh truly is and what his
judicial outlook is I think the White
House is fearful of this and it's why
they have gone through extraordinary
steps to hide this information from the
American public this was all as he was
staff secretary for George W Bush from
2003 to 6 following up on this Senate
menorah Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer tweeted last week senator
Grassley now admitting the Senate will
only receive half the documents he
requested 900,000 before the hearing
starts that means senators will have
seen only 6% of Cavanaugh's records and
the public will have seen 3% Schumer
said he continued in a second tweet
further these documents aren't the
official National Archives curation of
White House Docs but the ones that have
been pre-screened by Cavanaugh's former
deputy and George Bush's private lawyer
the Senate will likely have zero records
from the archives in time for the
hearing and the New York Times reported
that in fact Mitch McConnell said when
the possibility of another Supreme Court
pick on the part of Trump do not go with
Brett Kavanaugh because of his long
paper trail Kristen Clark well you know
I let me just take a moment to talk
about his record on affirmative action
you know there are two incredibly
important cases that are moving through
the courts right now a challenge to
affirmative action efforts at Harvard
and the University of North Carolina and
my organization has been involved in
both of those cases for the past three
years where we are defending a diverse
group of students who believe that
racial diversity on college campuses
today is important and we are standing
by the ongoing efforts of higher
educational institutions that are
working to promote diversity on campus
and Brett Cavanaugh has espoused very
troubling views in this area he is
someone who espouses a colorblind
outlook on the world he's somebody who
believes that America there is only one
race which of
course does not comport with the work
that we do at my organization where we
see discrimination outright on the basis
of race every day it's important that we
have access to these documents and
materials so we can really understand
who he is before we move forward with
this confirmation process my hope is
that when the Senate goes in today
they'll realize that this is a sham
hearing that they have rights the right
to access all of those materials in the
way that we have done for each and every
nominee in the modern era and you know I
want to underscore one point because
there are lots of big numbers being
thrown around about the volume of
materials that have been received to
date its quality over quantity
remarkably about 42,000 duplicate copies
of a Heritage Foundation flyer were
turned over to the Senate this was a
vent organized by justice Thomas's white
wife in conjunction with the Heritage
Foundation and those 42,000 duplicate
documents do nothing to aid the Senate
in carrying out its important
constitutional obligation of providing
advice and consent when it comes to
reviewing Supreme Court nominees I hope
that at the end of today if it goes as
awful as I as I expect it will that they
will move to suspend these hearings and
give themselves the time they need to do
proper due diligence on Brett Kavanaugh
a Christian Clark I'd like to ask you
about an aspect of Cavanaugh's record
that really hasn't gotten much attention
his his record when it comes to to
working people and labor on yesterday on
on Labor Day Hillary Clinton tweeted out
happy Labor Day there's no better time
to talk about why workers rights would
suffer if Brett Kavanaugh whose hearing
for a lifetime employment since Supreme
Court starts tomorrow is confirmed and
Hillary Clinton point that took few
cases afl-cio versus gates where he was
involved in also a case of
Rison 2010 case Verizon New England
versus the NLRB where Cavanaugh wrote
the majority opinion in that case for
the DC Circuit Court basically saying
that Verizon workers had no right to
post pro union signs on their cars if
the cars were parked in a Verizon lot
while they were working there there's
also a case involving a woman who was
killed tragically in an accident at Sea
World and in that case OSHA the agency
that imposes safety regulations on
employers found basis found a basis and
cause for essentially finding that
SeaWorld did not do enough to make known
the hazards tied with this work and
Cavanaugh again is somebody who puts the
interests of employers and industry over
the interests of little people the
ruling in that case was not a favorable
one and it's consistent with all of the
work all of the cases that we've seen in
the economic justice context which show
a predisposition to side with employers
over the interests of employees I want
to ask you about the undocumented
teenager who is at the center of the
lawsuit with the Trump administration
over her right to have an abortion and
specifically the role of judge Kavanagh
the seventeen-year-old was detained in a
refugee resettlement shelter in Texas
and only had the abortion after a US
appeals court ruled in her favor she was
referred to in court documents as Jane
Doe in an interview with HBO's vice news
Jane Doe described deciding to have an
abortion when I first arrived at the
shelter I decided to do it because I
don't feel capable of being a mature
woman what a fail or being strong or old
enough to be able to take care of it and
I don't feel sure about having a child
so that was Jane Doe last year Democracy
Now spoke to one of her lawyers Jennifer
Dalvin director of the ACS reproductive
freedom project about her case she went
to that Texas Court and she got judicial
permission to get an abortion but since
then every step of the way the Trump
administration has stood to block her
from exercising her decision she instead
of taking her to her appointments what
they've done is taken her to a religious
crisis pregnancy center where folks
tried to stop her convinced her not to
have an abortion forced her to look at
sonograms and they would not let her go
to her procedure for a month now they've
been they were trying to stop her from
getting that procedure she wanted well
in 2017 while on the US Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit
Judge Cavanaugh halted a district court
order that would have allowed Jane Doe
to get her abortion while in federal
custody when his decision was reversed
Judge Cavanaugh wrote a dissent that
argued the decision was quote ultimately
based on a constitutional principle as
novel as it is wrong a new right for
unlawful immigrant minors in US
government attention to obtain immediate
abortion on demand he went on to write
quote the government has permissible
interests in favoring fetal life and
refraining from facilitating abortion
Kristin Clarke of lawyers Committee for
civil rights under law I mean this
addresses a number of issues but two
major ones the rights of immigrants in
this country ultimately she got this
abortion and also this key issue of his
stand on abortion will here overturn roe
v wade so let's put this in context
President Trump has said over and over
again that his goal that he intends to
put judges on the court who will
overturn roe v wade that was his solemn
vow and with judge Kavanagh Brett
Kavanaugh we see a number of indicators
which suggests that he is poised to
carry out president Trump's agenda this
case involving the undocumented teen was
a remarkable one we see Brett Kavanaugh
making every taking every step possible
to make it harder
for this young girl to get access to an
abortion while a clock is taking away at
some point it would have been impossible
for her to exercise her choice to have
an abortion the full DC Circuit came
behind Brett Kavanaugh intervened and
provided relief for that minor so she
was ultimately able to come to go and
have the abortion and observed a few
things observed that Brett Kavanaugh
never stayed the hearing to allow the
woman to explore other options observe
that Brett Kavanaugh kept asking kind of
a repetitive questions almost to allow
the clock to continue running I mean it
was clear that Brett Kavanaugh really
was obstructing this minors effort and
desire to get an abortion but let's also
look at his speech his speeches I mean
he is somebody who lifts up and
celebrates the late Justice Rehnquist
who was in the dissent in Roe and he
also has another case where he
essentially allowed an employer to use
religion as a basis to deny employees
access to a contraceptive care there are
a number of cases in the courts right
now that are making their way up to the
Supreme Court that seek to chip away at
Roe's promise and I firmly believe that
all of the evidence in Brett Cavanaugh's
record made clear that he is somebody
who will gut Roe if the question comes
before the court again he is not
somebody who is prepared to uphold the
courts precedent in this area and this
could have dangerous implications for
women but most especially for women of
color and low-income women in our
country who really are the ones who face
the greatest barriers when it comes to
accessing reproductive health services
in our country and of course President
Trump famously declared repeatedly
during his campaign that he would only
appoint anti-abortion justices to the
