I wanted to ask you also about the the
and you talked about this in the book as
well the the injury situations within
the NFL or the the the continuing
epidemic of brain damage of CTE and and
you know that famous line in the in the
film concussion when Alec Baldwin tits a
you look you don't understand how
powerful the NFL is they own a day of
the week they took it from the church
Sunday the the how you see that
continuing that the fight of the players
to be to have their health needs dealt
with I think I think I think it's two
parts to that question I think it's the
fans it's not dehumanizing the players
and seeing them as you know things so I
think is do the fans connect to you know
people the players being human again
because if the fans start to feel the
human aspect of each player did not
think the NFL has no choice because the
fans are going to be bringing up these
questions you know it's just like any
other thing the players are fighting for
something and the fans are fighting for
something different it's like are we
going to come on the same page and make
sure that players are being seen as
human and I think a lot of players are
not just fighting for themselves in and
I felt they're also fighting for the
young kids because there's an epidemic
with concussions for young kids there's
a little hole but people who are
coaching football they don't know how to
tackle you know and they have young kids
out there hurting and Nick dealing with
different concussion issues and then you
know we got the college who don't have a
voice so the NFL has players have no
choice but to speak up on concussion
issues because everybody else they don't
have a voice that you're still trying to
make it with in sports that you're still
trying to find making money so they're
scared to speak so if we don't speak
then they're not going to speak so we
have to continuously fight for those
issues I think when you think about CTE
is so real it's a real thing I think
fans don't connect to that they don't
connect two players have injuries they
connect to fantasy football they see us
as a fantasy they see us as not being
real they don't see us with families
they don't see us with children they
don't see us with family members who
love us they just see us for how do we
catch the touchdown what's our ladies
dance and what is the ladies brand' that
we were supporting I mean that issue it
is so extreme
during the 2017 season more than 280
players and then NFL sustain concussions
an average of 12 per week that's more
than one a day
the intercepts Josh Phegley tracked
these injuries and created a visual
record of every concussion in the NFL
this year in a documentary called
concussion protocol Time magazine
reports the link between football and
TBI traumatic brain injury continues to
strengthen now one of the largest
studies on the subject to date finds a
hundred 10 out of a hundred eleven
deceased NFL players had chronic
traumatic encephalopathy CTE this
degenerative brain disorder associated
with repetitive head trauma that's why I
think you know we talk about marijuana
and marijuana issues in the around the
world that's why I feel like you know
there should be some type of you know
where the NFL starts to work with those
things because you know it has healing
properties in it you know when you talk
about the medicine that people are using
you know look at all these tours all
these different types of pills that
people are taking their needs to find
another way to deal with those injuries
and find ways to give people you know
they were hooked true I don't know how
to say this will I get in trouble but
like grill grill giving people the real
herbs that really help people grow in
their mind and helping them you know
feel better I think when you talk about
you know concussions you talk about
those type of things you need to start
looking at different ways to you know
deal with those injuries not just like
hey put them back out there or or take
care of field it's like how do you
measure a person's brain how do you do
that kind of stuff and I think the NFL
and people in general and players have
an obligation to themselves - I think
sometimes the players don't you know
listen to their bodies like when are we
going to start listening to our bodies
and say like this is enough - but think
about the body's just not just a brain
that could give us a sense of the did
level the pain level that athletes are
dealing with on a regular basis broken
bones on a an almost regular basis
that's why I say like you know there's a
big a big problem with opioids is when
it comes to the NFL or just any type of
sport because people are dealing with
real pains like daily pains where
there's their back whether it's their
ache or whether it's their neck you know
you think about every Sunday you're
going into a car wreck you know you be
coming in and they're boom and hitting
each other really hard so a lot of
people are dealing with crazy injuries
and sometimes you know I see guys that
go out there I'm just like dude you're
amazing like you're paying
was like an eye right now but people
find a way to you know get through it
you know that just shows the human part
of their body to just want to fight for
their dreams to check yourself I don't
know if you can't protect yourself I
mean every time you go out on the field
I mean it's like Oh fear is fear fear I
think anybody that that's a player or
they're lying to the masses if they say
that they don't have fear because fear
is the first step you know to realize
it's some type of danger I think a lot
of people don't want to say that they
have fear but there's a lot of players
who have fear you know whether it's now
or the future what does my future hold
you know and so those things are dealing
with yourself and your insecurities
about like my own body and I think a lot
of people don't want to admit that but
for young kids I think that it's
important to athletes be vulnerable when
it comes to injuries and when it comes
to the dark side of sports whether it's
depression or different types of things
because you know we glorify the greatest
parts of it but we must also amplify the
worst parts of it so I think it's
important that as a young young athlete
to continuously push for young players
to see those type of things
your brother Martellus Martellus Bennett
on the football star also wrote the
foreword to your pocket he's got a
football star anymore he's a creative
story he wrote superheroes don't come to
underserved communities superheroes
aren't on earth to save minorities
superheros are here to save white
America knowing this as kids the super
star athletes became our super heroes
they didn't leap over tall buildings
they leap from the free-throw line
they ran faster than speeding bullets
through the finish lines breaking
records they didn't have superhuman
strength to break through walls but they
did break down barriers you're doing
that all the time by spotlighting issues
one of them is the issue of police
brutality
you were just last in the last few weeks
back in Seattle remembering a woman who
was killed by police remembering
charlena Lyle's a year ago an
african-american pregnant mother who was
shot and killed by police in Seattle
after she called 911 to report a
burglary at her apartment the two white
police officers shot miles in front of
her young children inside her own home
police claiming she was holding a knife
her family members said she had a
history of mental health issues
you spoke recently at her vigil the
owner by Charlotte allows back at home
and and I heard the story I couldn't
believe because all I could think about
was my sister who was a mother my wife
all my family members everybody my
family there was a mother who could be
taken away from their kids was something
that I couldn't fathom that that could
happen in 2018 or 2017 or 2016 but it
seems to be happening very quite often
there you are Michael Bennett in Seattle
remembering charlena Lyle's and here you
are sitting in Democracy Now studios and
our headlines reporting we just were
reporting on the funeral for Antoine
Rose 17 year old kid about to graduate
he's shot by a cop who's sworn in a few
hours before he shot Antoine in the back
you know for me like when you talk about
these issues is very it's an epidemic
you know it's not just a black thing
it's in general people are being lives
are being take it in for when we think
about you know Charlotte allows
everybody was you know picking her side
or was this side that side but then the
day people are forgetting about the
families there to be a left behind when
you think about a you know a mother
being pulled away from her child you
know that is something when you have a
child it's like this is you it's the
essence of you your child means
everything to you you're willing to step
in front of a bullet you're willing to
you know do anything to keep your child
safe and for a child to see his mother
murdered in front of him it's a
traumatic experience
nobody's ever talking about the church
and all the families that happened after
this you know you see these families and
you see these kids they have to go to
you have to go to all these different
people these specialists to move forward
as as humans and I think when I think
about stronger that allows us I think
about her life and then I think about
her family when I think about it why not
think about his family his mother I
think about all these families and
mothers and I think you know we have to
start thinking about these things we
less about you know you need to just
start thinking about the families and
why does this keep happening and why
don't people have empathy for for a life
why don't people care when somebody's
taken away we don't see death we so been
so desensitized to to death that people
don't see a deaf and just move on and
stop
Starbucks they get the latest coffee
even though I don't go to Starbucks
anymore but the same time people just
move forward with it and they just kind
of just you know and we heard that was
just another in fact there's a Starbucks
in Philadelphia where you're headed yeah
as to be an eagle
I support local coffee but at the same
time it's just that disconnect between
keeping those people in human you know
we dehumanize them we we polarize a
situation but we never talk about the
families or what the people go through
and I think I want to ask you sports
heroes by the youth of America are seen
as God's and so you actually have a lot
of influence in terms of young people
across America what do you think needs
to be done to reform sports in America
so that's not so much into the the
bottom-line of making money which which
then obviously distorts how you as
players and treated because the teams
want to make money how the colleges deal
with you because they want to make money
I keep saying this but it's this is
where I feel I feel it that we have to
humanize the people again I think
athletes have been so dehumanized it's
like when I walk into a place people
feel like automatically they get a
picture because they don't see me as a
human I could build my family you know
changing my daughter or you know trying
to change the tire I'm in the middle row
trying to change the tire somebody's
like hey can I get a selfie it's like
because they don't see me as a human
they see me as entertainment they don't
see me as you know this and I think as
athletes we need to start you know
humanizing ourselves and build a million
walls and I think within athlete
athletics world we need to have a reform
and be able to create our own group in
that's something that I've been working
on with a lot of other athletes it's
athletes for impact it's like how do we
create an organization for younger
athletes to have impact and it's in a
community and have a voice for
themselves and I think that's the true
of what we're trying to do is like
create our own organization and create
our own words and create our own
situations and I think there needs to be
a major reform especially in college
sports because you look at the
collegiate level there's so many kids
who get injured who they get charged for
their own surgeries if they he'll make
it or you know they just recently made
the inner the the scholarships four-year
pact before it was a year to year so
it's not it's not been like that it's
not just being changed not that long
so it's like we need to make sure that
these kids have a voice I need to make
sure that these coaches don't get to
just pick schools and make kids stay for
a long time and use their own you know
use their own reason to my kitchen and
play you know keep these kids from
growing and I think it just needs to
have a major reform we need more black
coaches we need we need we need a lot of
stuff going on in sports why are the
overwhelming majority of owners or I
don't know what you call them but owners
football owners white most of them
billionaires but and 70 percent of the
players are black do you really want
that's what that question
post-colonialism yeah there's a lot of
things I think you know the business is
built on there it's a it is a business
they've been a saint for a long time and
I don't know why it's like that just the
league that I grew up in it's the way
that things have always been everything
has always been right on and mine
already worked so I don't know how to
change that you know you heard the
latest of Donald Trump in the headlines
saying threatening Maxine Waters saying
watch out max the african-american
congresswoman from Los Angeles calling
her an extremely low IQ person talking
about football players as sons of these
going after you over and over football
players athletes overwhelmingly
african-american the groups he's talking
to what do you say to him I think I
don't know what to say to a person who
does who likes to empathy and compassion
for other people I think for me it's
about he needs to look in the mirror and
deal with his own insecurities when
people are talking about these real
issues just like you got to be able to
put yourself in other people's shoes you
got to be able to put yourself in in a
person who's a migrant worker who's
trying to change their own lives and
coming to America and put yourself in
their shoes to see what it feels like
when their kids are being taken away you
got to put yourself in the shoes of a
young black man who was getting pulled
over by a police officer and worried if
he's ever gonna go home and see his
family you got it so I would just
challenge him like you need to start
putting yourself in your own shoes in
and you putting people in danger by
calling out Maxine Waters you know
people are looking up
she's a beautiful being she's a person
who cares about people of color and she
wants to make a change and it's telling
like you know fighting her how about
just listening and I think that's the
biggest issue with him as day
doesn't ever listen to the people who
are screwed me and said hey listen to me
a second we need you to scream louder he
puts on headphones and then we scream
even louder he just walks away so he
doesn't have the ability to be able to
confront these issues and have an
intellectual conversation with other
people Michael Bennett we want to thank
you very much for being with us final
question the title of your book things
that make white people uncomfortable you
know when I thought about the title book
I thought about Richard Pryor I thought
about all these great comedians who were
being able to take take a word or take a
situation and break some humor to it and
I wanted to be able to bring a humorous
title but at the same time challenge
people you know there's a whole bunch of
things that have happened in America
there are deep dark secrets that
everybody knows and it happens to be
around white America who don't pay
attention to them they don't live in the
community so I wanted to be able to
write a book that you know the unveils
me as a person you know and talks about
these different issues that we as a
community have to be able to come to and
we have to be so uncomfortable with them
that we have to listen and be able to
grow and I think that's what this title
is about it's about growth and in our
communities and growth around people
around this country and speaking for
other people who don't have a voice and
it's time for I feel that white people
need to be able to start being
uncomfortable with these situations
they've been so comfortable with seeing
immigrants taking a bit so comfortable
with seeing you know people being killed
by the police they've been so
comfortable but you know victimizing and
raping and when it comes to me to
movement it they're so comfortable with
it that's just been a normal thing when
is it gonna become uncomfortable for
everybody to see these things when is it
gonna be uncomfortable for us to walk
through and watch TV and see a issue
like that and be like you know how do we
change it when it's gonna be comfortable
to see homeless people you know to see a
mother when is it become something that
becomes uncomfortable you know at this
point it's just been so comfortable and
this book is about stop being
comfortable start making a change you
know stop writing on Twitter go out in
the community and make a change you know
stop picking it's picking on like this
I'm just so much that I can't even see
people for being human no more and
that's really what this title is about
Michael Bennett thanks so much for being
with us his book things that make white
people uncomfortable Michael Bennett the
NFL player now with the Philadelphia
Eagles also active
we thank you so much this is democracy
now when we come back children being
separated from their parents we speak
with a psychologist on the irreparable
effects of snatching children's stay
with us
you
