this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we end the hour today
with the questioning of both people who
testified yesterday at the Senate
Judiciary Committee dr. Christine Blasi
Ford testified in 2:00 in the morning
into the early afternoon and then Judge
Brett Kavanaugh responded though he said
he did not hear her testimony in the
morning this is Senate Judiciary
Committee member Democratic Senator Dick
Durbin of Illinois questioning Judge
Cavanaugh judge Cavanaugh earlier today
dr. Christine Ford sat in that same
chair and under oath she said clearly
and unequivocally that she was the
victim of sexual assault at your hands
she answered our questions directly and
she didn't flinch at the prospect of
submitting herself to an FBI
investigation of these charges we know
and I'm sure she's been advised by our
attorneys that a person lying to the FBI
can face criminal prosecution you have
clearly and unequivocally denied that
you assaulted dr. Ford with that
statement you must believe that there is
no credible evidence or any credible
witness that could prove otherwise
you started off with an impassioned
statement at the beginning and I can
imagine try to imagine what you have
been through your family's been through
and I'm sure I wouldn't get close to it
but it wasn't I wouldn't I'm sure I
wouldn't it's an impassioned statement
and in the course of it you said I
welcome any kind of investigation I
quote you I welcome any kind of
investigation I've got a suggestion for
you right now turn to your left in the
front row to Don began counsel to
President Donald Trump ask him to
suspend this hearing and nomination
process until the FBI completes its
investigation of the charges made by dr.
Ford and others and goes to bring the
witnesses forward and provides that
information to this hearing I'm sure
that the Chairman at that point will
understand that that is a reasonable
request
to finally put to rest these charges if
they are false or to prove them if they
are not you spent two years in the White
House Office that approved judicial
nominees you turn to the FBI over and
over and over again for their work let's
bring them in here and now turn to down
mcgann and tell him it's time to get
this done an FBI investigation is the
only way to answer some of these
questions so stop the clock this
committee is is running this hearing not
the White House not Don McGann not even
you was a nominee where we are here
today because dr. Ford asked for an
opportunity here I know you did too as
well in fact maybe even before she did
we're here because people wanted to be
heard from charges that they all thought
were unfair or activities like sexual
assault was unfair so I want to assure
Senator Durbin regardless of what you
say to Senator Don Magan were not
suspending this hearing that was Senate
Judiciary Committee Chair Chuck Grassley
responding to senator dick durbin not
one of the 11 Republican senators on the
Senate Judiciary Committee who are all
white men there's never been a
Republican woman in the history of the
Senate Judiciary Committee not one of
these eleven men questioned dr. Blasi
Ford directly instead seating all their
time to Arizona sex crimes prosecutor
Rachel Mitchell who Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell called a female
assistant Mitchell was also scheduled to
question judge Kavanagh on behalf of the
Republican senators but they quickly
stopped her line of questioning after
she asked judge Kavanagh about details
of parties and gatherings he attended in
the summer of 1982 do you still have
your calendar the calendars there I do
I would like you to look at the July 1st
entry yes the entry says and I quote go
to Timmy's for skis with judge Tom PJ
Bernie and squee squee today what that's
a nickname ok
- what does this refer and to whom so
first says Tobin's house workout so
that's one of the football workouts that
we would have that dr. Finizio would run
for guys on the football team during the
summer so we would be there that's
usually six to eight or so kind of until
near dark and then it looks like we went
over to Timmy's you want to know their
last names - I'm happy to do it if you
could just identify as his judge mark
judge it is and is PJ PJ Smith it is
during his answer Brett Kavanaugh
confirmed he attended this gathering on
July 1st 1982 with Mark judge and PJ
that's Patrick Smith two of the same
people identified by dr. Christine Blasi
Ford but Rachel Mitchell the sex crimes
prosecutor brought in by the Republicans
never got a chance to ask a follow-up
round of questions
soon after Senator Lindsey Graham jumped
in becoming the first Republican to
directly question Brett Kavanaugh and
then the others followed suit
Graham began by going after his
democratic counterparts if you wanted an
FBI investigation you could have come to
us what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open and hope
you win in 2020 you said that not me
you've got nothing to apologize for
when you see Sotomayor and Kagan tell
them it Lindsey said all because I voted
for them I would never do to them what
you've done to this guy this is the most
unethical sham since I've been in
politics
and if you really wanted to know the
truth you sure as hell wouldn't have
done what you've done to this guy are
you a gang rapists no I cannot imagine
what you and your family were going
through
boy y'all want power god I hope you
never get it I hope the American people
can see through this sham that you knew
about it and you held it you had no
intention of protecting dr. fort none
she's as much of a victim as you are
Brett Cavanaugh's drinking habits came
up repeatedly during Thursday's hearing
including by the judge himself my
friends and I sometimes got together and
had parties on weekends the drinking age
was 18 in Maryland for most of my time
in high school and was 18 in DC for all
my time in high school I drank beer with
my friends
almost everyone did sometimes I had too
many beers sometimes others did I liked
beer I still liked beer but I did not
drink beer to the point of blacking out
and I never sexually assaulted anyone
Democratic senator Amy Klobuchar later
questioned Cavanaugh about his drinking
okay drinking is one thing but the
concern is about truthfulness and in
your written testimony you said
sometimes you had too many drinks was
there ever a time when you drank so much
that you couldn't remember what happened
or part of what happened the night
before I know I remember what happened
and I think you've probably had beer
center and and so you're saying there's
never been a case where you drink so
much that you didn't remember what
happened the night before or part of
what happened that's you're asking about
yeah blackout I don't know have you
could you answer the question judge I
just so you that's not happened is that
your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problem nor do I they then
went to a break and after returning from
recess judge Cavanaugh
apologize to senator Klobuchar I want to
turn now to Democratic senator Kamala
Harris questioning Brett Kavanaugh judge
Cavanaugh have you taken a
professionally administered polygraph
test as it relates to this issue
no the I'll do whatever the committee
wants of course those are not admissible
in federal court but I'll do whatever
the committee wants they're not in
missable in federal court because
they're not reliable I think as you know
so you have not taken one right all
three of the women who have made sworn
allegations against you have called for
an independent FBI investigation into
the claims you've been asked during the
course of this hearing by four different
members by my count at least eight times
today and also earlier this week on
national television whether you would
call for the White House to authorize an
FBI investigation each time you have
declined to do so now you know I know
you do that the FBI is an agency of men
and women who are sworn and trained law
enforcement who in the course of
conducting background investigations on
nominees for the Supreme Court of the
United States and others are charged
with conducting those background
investigations because they are sworn
law enforcement and they have the
expertise and the ability and the
history of doing that so I'm going to
ask you one last time are you willing to
ask the White House to authorize the FBI
to investigate the claims that have been
made against you well I'll do whatever
the committee wants and I've heard you
say that but a witness heard you ask
I've not heard you answer a very
specific question that's been asked
which is are you willing to ask the
White House to conduct an investigation
by the FBI to get to whatever you
believe is the bottom of the allegations
that have been levied against you the
FBI would gather witness statements you
have they don't I don't want to debate
with you how they do their business
I'm just asking are you willing to ask
the White House to conduct such an
investigation because as you are aware
the FBI did conduct a background
investigation into you before we were
aware of these most recent allegations
so are you willing to ask the White
House to do it and say yes or no and
then we can move on
I've had six background investigations
over 26 years as it relates to the
recent allegations are you willing to
have them do it did the witness
testimonies before you no witness who
was there supports that I was there okay
I'm gonna take that as a no one we can
move on you have said in your opening
statement you characterized these
allegations that as a conspiracy
directed against you I'll point out to
you that judge justice now Neal Gorsuch
was nominated by this president he was
considered by this body just last year I
did a ruff have analysis of similarities
you both attended Georgetown Prep you
both attended very prestigious law
schools you both clerked for Justice
Kennedy you were both circuit judges you
were both nominated to the Supreme Court
you were both questioned about your
record the only difference is that you
have been accused of sexual assault how
do you reconcile your statement about a
conspiracy against you with the
treatment of someone who was before this
body not very long ago I explained that
in my opening statement senator look at
the the evidence here the the calendars
look at the witness statements look at
mr. Kyser statement okay that was Carla
Harris questioning judge Cavanaugh
before his opening statement and the
questions the Democratic senators talked
to and questioned dr. Christine Blasi
for this is Connecticut Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal I have found
your testimony powerful and credible and
I believe you your teacher
correct correct well you have given
America an amazing teaching moment and
you may have other moments in the
classroom but you have inspired and you
have enlightened America you have
inspired and given courage to women to
come forward as they have done to every
one of our offices and many other public
places you have inspired and you have
enlightened men in America to listen
respectfully to women survivors and men
who have survived sexual attack and that
is a profound public service regardless
of what happens with this nomination and
so the teachers of America people of
America should be really proud of what
you have done let me tell you why I
believe you not only because of the
prior consistent statements and the
polygraph tests and your request for an
FBI investigation and your urging that
this committee hear from other witnesses
who could corroborate or dispute your
story but also you have been very honest
about what you cannot remember
and someone composing a story can make
it all come together in a seamless way
but someone who is honest I speak from
my experience as a prosecutor as well
it's also candid about what she or he
cannot remember the senators on the
other side of the aisle have been silent
this procedure is unprecedented in a
confirmation hearing we end today with
Democratic senator dick durbin
questioning dr. Christine Blasi Ford
last night the Republican staff of this
committee released the media
timeline that shows that they've
interviewed two people who claimed they
were the ones who actually assaulted you
I'm asking you to address this new
defense of mistaken identity directly
dr. Ford with what degree of certainty
do you believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted
you 100% 100% that was dr. Christine
Blasi Ford being questioned by Senator
Durbin and that ends our highlights of
the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing
historic moment the Senate Judiciary
Committee is scheduled to vote today on
the confirmation of Judge Cavanaugh that
does it for our show democracy now
produced with the help of Mike Burke
Renee felts Norman Shea Carla wills
special thanks to Julie Crosby I mean
[Music]
you
