this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
we're continue to look at the shocking
new Pennsylvania grand jury report that
has revealed how more than 300 Catholic
priests sexually abused a thousand
children and possibly thousands more
over a second-deck seven decades and
that the church leadership covered up
the abuse we're joined now by two guests
Sean Daugherty is with us he was
molested by a priest from Altoona
Johnstown diocese in Pennsylvania for
three years starting when he was 10
years old the priest responsible Jorge
coach our check has been defrocked even
though the FBI determined he was a child
predator the priest cannot be tried as
such because of expired statute of
limitations
Sean Daugherty story was one of many
included in the grand jury report
released on Tuesday
Bob Hudson is also with us a former
Catholic priest co-founder and president
of road to recovery which assists
victims of sexual abuse we welcome you
both to Democracy Now
Sean we saw you in the clip released by
the Pennsylvania Attorney General talk
about what happened to you how old you
were and when you blew the whistle or
told anyone in beginning in fifth grade
my priest my religion teacher my peewee
basketball coach was father George
Gauhar cheek a well-loved young priest
in our community who had been grooming
me for years of getting used to him
handling me physically touching me
having him close to me and in the fifth
grade that touching progressed to sexual
assault
George Karthik to this day I believe he
must have my belief is that he has a
personal infatuation with male genitalia
I believe from the patterns and the
things that he did throughout the three
years I believe he was testing us to see
he wanted to know the exact day that we
were going to be
sexually mature in in my opinion and
that progressed to one time digital
penetration in a shower in when I was 13
I did not like that experience at all
and I gave him a look in the shower and
surprisingly it ended for me that day in
the shower unfortunately from some of my
friends it it continued for them do you
know how many people were involved how
many children he admitted to the Yale
tune of Johnstown grand jury to being
close to 12 boys I imagine it's a much
bigger number than when did he admit
that the report was released in March of
2016 by then Attorney General Kathleen
Kane of Pennsylvania and on pages 66 and
67 of that my name is a redacted name
and at some point over the course of
that grand jury investigation lead up to
that
roll out he he admitted to that and it's
it's on it's in the report
what did the church know of what he was
doing he not only greeted you important
he groomed your parents as well playing
going on not just my parents he groomed
the entire community I since becoming
public after the report came out I
reading that I just said I can't stay
silent
well what drew me out was a newspaper
article with him on the front page two
people had gone to the Bishop of Altoona
Johnstown diocese in 2012 to call him
out
thank you those two same brothers went
to the then Monsignor in 1983 about
father car check in my 8th grade year
reported it confirmed it Monsignor went
then to Bishop Hogan covered it up and
this is first-hand experience but one of
the brothers I'm very I grew up with
these guys and I know Altoona Johnstown
years ago made an arrangement of
financial we need to protect the church
we need to protect the reputation we
need to protect your kids we need to
keep it
quiet and they agreed to transfer him it
took them six months they didn't tell
anybody they permitted I grew up a block
from the school was in my eighth grade
year they didn't tell anybody they
allowed me and three of my friends in
the rectory in his private space to pack
his belongings the entire top shelf of
his book was all medical journals on
male genitalia right we got in the car
drove to Portage Pennsylvania to the new
school and to the new rectory that he
was assigned to and we spent the night
in the in the rectory and he had just
been transferred for sexually abusing
two boys happens when priest is caught
what embezzling figure they're in jail
immediately you can't steal from the
church the church steals from you the
your it's not a two-way street that is
not a two-way street with the church
money flows one direction yes details
the life of a child the dignity of a
child the church partner he feels that
they there is a I mean I can't say what
Bob could probably speak more to this
when he comes on is that I I have to say
that there has to be a part of the
church that feels that that is their
benevolent right of some kind
maleeh I really just it's starting to
seem like there is a percentage of the
church that feels like it is their
divine right to to do this it is so
systemically huge you mentioned earlier
and forgive me for asking what exactly
digital penetration is he stuck his
finger in my anus in the shower when I
was 13 years old I believe he was
testing to see if I would go further
could you talk about also the issue of
the statute of limitations and what that
means for survivors like yourself when I
was a child and I was faced with this my
statutes of limitation only permitted me
to talk
and press charges until I was 15 years
old I had to years past the end of the
reason end of the last assault so I was
not legally old enough to drive a car in
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania yet I
had to come forward and tell my parents
and the community that the guy that they
bull with every Thursday night is raping
the kids Pennsylvania Attorney General
Josh Shapiro emphasized how the Catholic
Church delayed taking action and reports
of priests engaged in child sexual abuse
in order to prevent criminal charges
from being filed the pattern was abused
deny and cover up the effect not only
victimized children it served a legal
purpose that church officials
manipulated for their advantage
the longer they covered it up the less
chance law enforcement could prosecute
these predators because the statute of
limitations would run as a direct
consequence of the systematic cover-up
by senior church officials almost every
instance of child sexual abuse we found
is too old to be prosecuted that's
Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh
Shapiro I want to bring former priests
into this conversation
that's right Bob Hoatzin former Catholic
priest president of road to recovery
talked about being in the church when
you were priests and blowing the whistle
well I was four I was 40 years an
insider in this church I was 23 years in
the religious life and 14 as a priest so
I saw from the inside I was sexually
abused by three different men in the
religious life and I knew what was going
on on the inside and it was just a jecht
corruption from the get-go this church
is a criminal enterprise that that that
actually covers up the massive sexual
abuse of children for centuries well Bob
could you explain respond to what Shawn
said earlier I mean you were sexually
abused by three different men they were
all priests is that correct
religious brothers actually what does
that mean a religious brother
is someone who is lives in community but
it does not have the ability to say mass
etc they do more social kinds of works
like education hospital work etc and
what happened to you well if the day I
stepped into the religious life at the
age of 18 after having graduated from
high school as the top senior of my
class this person said to me this
superior said to me Bob you're a cold
person I'm gonna have to warm you up he
continued that mantra on for the entire
year until the seconds of superior I had
in the novitiate
which is the most important year of
formation because that's where you learn
the spiritual life
well that superior sexually abused me
and then when I reported it to another
superior he told me that yes I was
preyed upon but that night he crept into
bed and sexually assaulted me in the
same way that I had described to him
several hours previously so do you agree
with what Shaun suggested that part of
the church is their belief that they
have some kind of benevolent right oh
absolutely
what this is is a massive abuse of power
and then it's exhibited in in the sexual
abuse of not just children but teenagers
and vulnerable adults as well and it's
also part of the reason why financial
crimes are committed within the church
so every aspect of of dysfunction is
exhibited because of the abuse of power
so talk about when you came forward in a
big way it wasn't actually when you were
being sexually abused though you were
repeatedly yes
in 2003 I testified before the New York
State Legislature and I was a priest at
the time I was directing to schools in
the inner city of Newark and I called
for the resignation of any bishop in the
United States who has covered up child
sexual abuse three days later I was
called into the Chancery of the Newark
archdiocese and fired by my bishop for
speaking out
they said explicitly to you that you're
being fired because you spoke out oh yes
I was told that my language was too
volatile at the at the hearing in Albany
and and and the bishop asked me to tone
down my language and then I was they
slid a letter across the table at me and
it said that you're fired effective
immediately now they didn't take away my
priestly faculties then but in 2005 when
I turned around and sued him for doing
all of these retaliatory things then
they put me on complete suspension and I
wasn't able to function as a priest at
all no you blew the whistle at a
Catholic High School explain this wasn't
when you were being abused right you
felt that the what principal well having
been abused as a child and also as a
teenager my antenna you know has been up
for a very long time so in 1981 when I
was stationed at a high school in Boston
Catholic Memorial High School the
chaplain of the school used to go into
the athletic locker room with a camera
he would go into the shower room so I
saw this I went immediately to the
headmaster and I said this has to stop
he has to be out of here well he
happened to be the third highest ranking
member of the Archdiocese of Boston at
the time he was the vice chancellor
his name was Fred Ryan and Monsignor
Fred Ryan was sexually abusing I thought
two kids in particular I went to the
headmaster I told him the headmaster
said oh no he's a wonderful priest we're
not going to do anything about this 20
years later those two young men went
public with their abuse and that's
really what started growth to recovery
because I went back to Boston every week
from then on to help them in their
recovery and I apologized profusely to
them for not screaming more loudly in
1981 Sean could you elaborate on on the
point that that Bob made I mean on the
on the one hand the scale of this grand
jury report I mean a thousand survivors
of sexual abuse over 300 priests
implicated and yet obviously there has
been a massive cover-up could you say
who you think how many people have been
responsible for that cover-up how many
people are complicit and what you think
should happen
there's really no current way to tell
how many people are involved in the
cover-up I mean the Roman Catholic
Church is a massive organization that
has many hands and fingers that are
willing to help there's not hard it
hasn't been hard for them to find an
enabling ear to bend so that they are
having a lot of help what should happen
as a result of this the the these are
crimes massive amounts of crimes have
been committed and crime deserves a
punishment you know use a little of the
Catholic tough love with the Catholic
Church you know the legislative end of
this in Pennsylvania I have been to the
Capitol regularly for the last two and a
half years since becoming public to pass
very common-sense legislation that
representative Mark Rossi of Berks
County also a rape victim of the church
he was raped in a shower at 13 which is
why he's a representative and he's
pushing for this legislation the
republican-controlled Senate in
Pennsylvania that is dominated by
lobbyists from the Insurance Federation
from the Catholic Conference will not
let insurance Federation the insurance
agents don't want this law to go through
either because they're the ones that are
gonna be set foot in the bill the church
only does it they don't pay for it
explain what the Catholic Conference you
know the Catholic Conference is a
conference of Bishops in the country
they get together even though each
individual diocese is run individually
by each individual bishop they only have
that control of their diocese they do
meet and on certain aspects of the
religion and activities I believe they
come to a common consensus they argue
with I think it's just like our
political arena and when they come to a
consensus that's it is there something
particular about Pennsylvania are we
gonna see this this is a grand jury
report just at Pennsylvania it's 300
priests are saying they say a thousand
young people children girls and boys but
probably thousands and thousands more
the Attorney General found I've been
told and it's being reported that they
have over a hundred calls in 12 hours to
the hotline since it's been released
this is an open investigation it is on
Kenyan continuing I believe those
numbers are very conservative and yet
where is Pope Francis on all of this
pressure is growing he hasn't responded
the checks Church sex scandals continue
to grow across the globe I'm talking
about sex abuse scandals earlier this
week former Australian Archbishop Philip
Edward Wilson was sentenced to 12 months
of house arrest he's the most senior
Catholic official in the world to be
found guilty of concealing the sexual
abuse of children that was Australia in
late July the former Archbishop of
Washington DC Cardinal Theodore
McCarrick
became the highest-ranking Catholic
leader in the United States to resign
after he was accused of abusing a number
of boys as young as 11 years old
meanwhile Tuesday authorities in Chile
raided the headquarters of the Catholic
Church's Episcopal conference as part of
widespread into investigation into sex
abuse well former father Bob didn't what
is your response just anecdotally in
1994 when I was considering leaving the
Irish Christian Brothers and going to be
a priest I asked the vocation director
in the Newark archdiocese has Cardinal
as Archbishop mckarrick stopped sleeping
with the seminarians it was known by
everyone and he assured me that he had
and that the papal nuncio and that
another bishop had intervened and
stopped it but what we're talking about
here is it's it's worldwide it's not
going to stop unless the outside
agencies like the federal government's
two years ago 32 organizations led by
road to recovery and Catholic
whistleblowers approached the Obama
administration and and pleaded for a
National Commission to investigate the
Catholic Church's clergy sexual abuse
problem
we didn't get anywhere but we're still
doing you know these kinds of things
Australia the Royal Commission was an
absolute gem it's going to be a seminal
work in the history of child protection
we need to do the same thing in the
United States and what do you expect do
you think that the Vatican will respond
Shawn I think eventually they're gonna
have to respond in that and I think the
politicians are going to have to respond
let's keep in mind this is a very
damning report that was exposed they
were successful at redacting 30 names
every diocese in Pennsylvania priest
knows the priests every diocese in
Pennsylvania is exposed right so if
you're a Pennsylvanian listen to this
and you have young daughters or young
boys I can't tell you where in
Pennsylvania those thirty people are
right now the only way we can do that is
if we pass mark Rosie's legislation
because those thirty are gonna argue
before the Supreme Court the Catholic
Church and those thirty are going to be
hidden unless the Supreme Court releases
those names so there's no telling where
these thirty guys are operating in
Pennsylvania you compare the treatment
of these rapists and the cover-up of
them - oh let's the National Catholic
Reporter 2010 a Catholic nun who is a
member of a Phoenix Catholic hospitals
ethics committee was excommunicated and
reassigned less weed for rollin allowing
an abortion to take place in a hospital
the surgery considered necessary to save
the life of a critically ill patient do
you compare to that and you think about
the other stories that were told for
example this was in the Pennsylvania
Attorney General's report ex-priest
Edward ganster left the priesthood in
1990 moved to Orlando Florida area and
went on to work at Disneyworld
before he died in 2014 and how is that
connected to the Catholic Church he got
a letter of recommendation from the
Catholic Church right yeah this is this
is systemic it's when governor Frank
Keating resigned
the chair of the first national review
board that was set up after the Dallas
Charter was passed in 2002 he resigned
and said this is this is exactly what
the Mafia is like it's dealing with the
Mafia and that's what we're dealing with
and we have to make sure that Catholics
now take back their church and insist
that these people are eliminated fired
and that's what the Pope has to do he
has to have mass firings of bishops and
the leadership has to change and that of
course leads them to the structural
changes that need to be made things like
mandatory celibacy which is absurd
and in 2018 the fact that we still have
some of these traditions in in place and
what about nuns us priests of course
women have to have full participation in
the church if women were in leadership
positions this never would have happened
Paris I'd like to go one step further
not only leadership positions power
position of power if if a woman that is
celibate on level heading as a priest a
nun is not on level heading as a priest
in the eyes of the church but in the
eyes of the church of a nun feels
I'm not saying on the outside within
herself feels that she is on equal
footing with this priest
there's nothing to prevent her from
saying hey what's going on here this is
no more like they did to us the nuns are
excellent at let me tell you I grew up
with nuns and they're good at policing
but they only have so much power you
know you can't police the priests if you
have less power well we want to thank
you both for being with us for sharing
your stories for responding to this
report and of course we'll continue to
cover the story this is one state
Pennsylvania do you know of other states
