this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman environmental protection
agency administrators Scott Pruett was
grilled by lawmakers Thursday on Capitol
Hill after a slew of scandals over his
spending habits and ties to industry
lobbyists Pruitt faces more than a half
dozen investigations among the scandals
he paid only $50 a night to live in a
Capitol Hill condo owned by the wife of
a prominent Washington Energy lobbyist
whose film firm represents a roster of
fossil fuel companies Pruitt had a
$43,000 soundproof phone booth installed
in his office which the Government
Accounting Office says was illegal that
it violated spending laws Pruitt had the
EPA spend three million dollars on his
security detail including 18 full-time
agents Pruitt routinely travels first or
business class reportedly because Pruitt
was confronted by economy class
customers angry over his policies on
Thursday lawmakers demanded Pruitt's
resignation they pressed him on reports
he's retaliated against employees who
raised concerns about among other things
his spending habits this is New Jersey
Democratic Congress member Frank pallone
it has been reported that at least five
EPA employees were recently reassigned
demoted or otherwise retaliated against
after they raised concerns about your
spending is that correct yes or no I
don't ever recall a conversation well in
I'll take that as a yes EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett claimed
during Thursday's hearing that
allegations of unethical behavior are
untrue and intended to derail president
Trump's agenda much of what has been
targeted towards me and my team has been
half-truths or best stories that have
been so twisted they did not resemble
reality and I'm here and I welcome the
chance to be here to set the record
straight in these areas but let's have
no illusions about what was really going
on here those who have attacked the EPA
and attacked me are doing so because
they want to attack and derail the
President's agenda and under
this administration's priorities I'm
simply not going to let that happen for
more we go to Washington DC where we're
joined by Emily Atkin a staff writer at
the New Republic her latest pieces
includes Scott Pruett is forced to
confront reality and the EPA is acting
like big tobacco also with us from
Berkeley California is Michael Brune the
executive director of the Sierra Club
Emily Atkin let's begin with you talk
about yesterday's hearing talk about the
allegations the act against Pruitt and
the more than half dozen inspector
general investigations of the sitting
EPA Administrator sure
yesterday was sort of a master's class
in the art of deflection and denial of
like he said the fact that there are a
dozen investigations going on regarding
the administrators behavior it's got
Pruitt sat in front of Congress for six
hours yesterday and basically said he
either wasn't responsible for the
scandals that are facing him or he
didn't know about them at all or they're
being blown out of proportion I don't
think that he didn't know about where he
lived that he was paying $50 a night to
energy lobbyist family to stay in an
apartment where what if he doesn't stay
there that night he doesn't have to pay
$50 let us say for that was different
you know his deflection for that was
well the the EPA ethics Council said
that this was fine what he didn't know
about was say was whether or not his
staff that had been relocated was a
retaliation for anything he said oh well
that was just because they had
performance issues he didn't know
whether or not there was a $43,000
soundproof booth installed in his office
he didn't know it was that expensive it
was it was like I said a master's class
in deflection and I don't think he
actually swayed anybody that wasn't
already convinced
either of his guilt in all these matters
or of his innocence I want to turn to
Democratic Congress member Ben ray Lujan
of New Mexico questioning Scott Pruett
mr. Pruit today you repeatedly blamed
your chief of staff
your chief counsel career officials and
others yes or no are you the EPA
Administrator I said that in my opening
statement congressman and I didn't blur
you know what I just simply shared facts
with you is it mr. administrator is just
a simple yes or no question sir are you
the EPA Administrator I said in the
opening statement that I take
responsibility I've made changes
historically and making changes going
forward and I simply have not failed to
take responsible as simply recited the
facts of what's occurred it's a simple
question mr. Pruit are you the EPA
Administrator yes just to be clear do
you run the EPA I do yes or no are you
responsible for the many many scandals
plaguing the EPA I've responded to many
of those questions here today with facts
and information are you able to answer
that in yes or no that's not a yes or no
answer congressman it's pretty simple
that it's a yes or no answer here
there's clear concern with what's been
happening not just by the entire
Congress and I appreciate you being here
today but these questions need to be
asked and answered and we have answered
them today and you are not the only one
that has been doing these ugly things
these horrific things these
scandal-plagued things in this
administration and I hope that this is
one of many hearings that this committee
will have so we can get to the bottom of
this and make sure taxpayers are made
whole that's Democratic congressman Ben
ray Lujan of New Mexico questioning
Scott Pruett Michael Brune you head the
Sierra Club your major concerns about
Scott Pruett and where they addressed
yesterday in this hearing no of course
not our concerns about Scott Pruett have
not ever been addressed because what
underlies or what's underneath all of
these personal scandals whether it's the
first-class flights all around the world
or the 18 persons security detail that
gets dragged to Disneyland and the Rose
Bowl all of this stuff the pasta-making
class in Italy the raises for APA
officials the Republican opposition
research onto his own staff all of these
things
are frankly a lot less important than
the things that Scott Pruett is doing in
his professional capacity to undermine
the safeguards that protect our air and
our water and our communities and our
climate scott pruett personally
supported the Dakota access pipeline
supported the Keystone XL pipeline
supported the pulling out of the Paris
climate Accords Scott Pruett has
personally supported the undermining of
the clean power plan which would limit
the amount of air and water pollution
coming from coal-fired power plants he's
supported and he's personally lobbied
for gas pipelines to be built gas export
terminals to be built he's personally
supported the rolling back of
regulations that would limit the amount
of methane pollution coming from power
plants and pipelines he is the most
corrupt epa administrator that we've
ever had in our country's history we now
have 200 members of Congress Democrats
and Republicans in the House and the
Senate who are calling for his
resignation and it's because he is
undermining the quality of our air of
our water of our climate and our
communities and he is unfit to serve as
EPA Administrator can you talk about I
want to play for you Frank pallone
Congress member Democrat from New Jersey
in October 2017 right before EPA
abandoned the rulemaking drew win a
thirty one-year-old small business owner
in South Carolina died while using
methylene chloride Drew's brother is
here today and I want to thank him for
traveling here from South Carolina and
continuing to advocate for a ban of this
deadly chemical were you or others at
EPA aware of drew winds death when the
agency abandoned the ban of this deadly
chemical yes or no were you aware of his
death I think it's important congressman
to know that we have a proposed ban in
place that is being Cruz death
unfortunately in February another 31
year old man Joshua Adkins died using a
methylene chloride pain stripper to
refinish his bike I learned about Joshua
from his mother
Lauren who sent me a deeply touching
letter and I would ask unanimous consent
mr. chairman to put that letter into the
record in which she states her hope that
her son will be the last to die from
this chemical can we make sure we see
the less I'll give it to you right now
mr. chairman your again mr. Pruit your D
regulatory agenda cost lives real people
with names with brothers with mothers
you have the power to finalize the band
of methylene chlorine now and prevent
more dust but you haven't done it do you
have anything to say to these families
at this point garnishment is I was
trying to get indicate earlier there is
a proposed ban in place that we took
comment on that we are reviewing
presently there has been no decision at
this time obviously have nothing to say
to these families look you say you're
gonna do something but these chemicals
are still on the shelves Democratic
Congress member Frank pallone
questioning Pruitt at yesterday's
hearing Emily Acton of the New Republic
talked about the cases he's talking
about here these were the most effective
moments of yesterday's hearing I think
what what congressman pallone is talking
about are the dozens of deaths of
Americans who have inhaled paint
strippers or other household items that
contain methylene chloride and what he's
talking about is there was a proposed
ban of methylene chloride in place put
in place by the Obama administration
right before Trump took office a few
months later Scott Pruitt's EPA delayed
that proposed ban and as you heard him
say they're reviewing it and that's
happened across the board at EPA what
Scott Pruett has done in terms of his
policy actions is he's delayed
regulations in an attempt to either
repeal or weaken them later but just put
a hold on these processes and he's talk
alone is talking about people who died
using something that they were able to
buy at a regular you know Home Depot or
something like that and he's asking do
you have anything to say to these people
and Scott Pruett I don't think he was
prepared for those questions I mean he
had a 23 page document preparing him for
questions about his at the
scandals his alleged corruption his
alleged taxpayer waste I think he was
less prepared to deal with questions
like these from pallone that cited real
people affected by his policies and you
actually saw members of Congress do this
all day you saw people bring up a heads
of Native American tribes that are
relocating due to sea level rise and
asking do you have anything to say to
them about why your delay in climate
change action do you have anything to
say to them scott pruett recently said
that he thought well maybe climate
change will actually be good for
civilization there was one Congress
member who said what are you gonna say
to the shelf fishermen in my district
who can't make a living anymore because
of ocean acidification is it's he going
to flourish and Scott Pruett did his
thing that he does which is he deflects
he starts talking about the policy he
says with respect to a lot he does sort
of the opposite thing that Trump does
which is Trump talks very simply to try
and give you the point so you know the
common person can understand it whereas
Scott Pruett goes into over talking to
almost confuse you and act like he's
saying something when he's actually not
saying anything this week Pruett had a
transparency event where he didn't
invite the press but I wanted to turn to
Democratic congressman Tony Cardenas of
California questioning Scott Pruett the
list of your of failures is long and
you're wasteful spending is an
embarrassment to government and very
offensive to the taxpayers who pay all
of our salaries this administration is
so packed with unethical behavior but
yet at the same time you have to
understand that your power directly
impacts health and well-being of
vulnerable populations in this country
seniors our children are sick and are
disabled it's tempting to ask why you
spent nearly 68,000 on hotels and travel
from August through February just in
five months and 50,000 of modifications
to your office including a privacy booth
that cost over forty three thousand
dollars and an oversized desk with
ornate woodworking that costs over two
thousand dollars but we already know
that some of these
purchases were made in violation of
federal laws when you appear before the
subcommittee in December this
subcommittee you said that your phone
booth is used for class for classified
conversations and sensitive
conversations with the White House has
this $43,000 phone booth has it been
certified as a skiff and also so using
it for our using it for classified
conversations is that appropriate it has
not been certified as a skiff and it
does provide protection on confidential
communications and I think it's
important congressman to know what were
this originated I did have a phone call
that came in of a sensitive nature and I
did not have access to secure
communications
I gave direction to my staff to address
that and and out of that came a $43,000
expenditure that I did not approve that
is something that you're not taking
responsibility for the forty three
thousand dollars that was spent in your
office you're saying that staff did it
without your knowledge
career individuals at the agency took
that process through and signed off on
and all the way through okay so you were
not involved in that I was not involved
in the approval the $43,000 and if I had
known about it congressman I would have
refused it
Emily Atkin your response to what he's
talking about here in response to
congressman Burr Cardenas the
transparency event where he didn't
invite the press so I mean it's it's
incredible to hear him say that career
employees did this at the EPA with
regard to his $43,000 soundproof booth
what he's saying is not only did he not
approve that expenditure knowing that
Scott Pruett has been so obsessed with
his own security and secure
communications sweeping his office with
bugs for for listening devices he's
saying neither he nor his political
staff so the people that he brought in
had anything to do with that when at the
same time you mentioned the transparency
event that we're reporters weren't
invited secrecy and security have been a
hallmark of Scott Pruitt's EPA and it's
it's sort of mind-blowing to hear him
say that
he had nothing to do with something that
clearly is so core to him the Government
Accounting Office said this was illegal
because expenditures of more than five
thousand dollars had to be approved this
was forty three thousand dollars there
was a soundproof booth in the EPA
already on another floor and this one
hasn't even been certified as soundproof
but Michael Brune if you could talk more
about his record and how you feel the
Republicans versus the Democrats dealt
with Pruitt yesterday and are you
calling for his resignation
well we're most definitely calling for
his resignation he is unfit to serve as
EPA Administrator and we've been pleased
by the small number of Republicans thus
far in the Senate but an increasingly
large number of Republicans in the House
that are also calling for his
resignation look it's clear that this is
a person who should not be EPA
Administrator he should never have been
appointed he certainly should never have
been confirmed and he should be removed
from office as quickly as possible and
as I said earlier this is the the
scandals around the phone booth or the
security detail all the stuff of this
first-class travel the sweetheart deal
to stay at a luxury condominium a couple
blocks from the Capitol all of that is
an abuse of taxpayer funds and people
should be outraged by it because you're
paying for it as a taxpayer but what I
believe is more concerning and was
reflected in congressman pallone
testimony is the impact that Scot
Pruitt's decisions are having on you and
me the health of of people all across
this country right now Scott Pruett is
working on undermining the clean car
standard which is a standard that is
supported by 90% of Americans Democrats
and Republicans because it cuts air
pollution cuts water pollution and
climate pollution and it saves people
money what it does is makes cars more
efficient it helps people to transition
to cleaner vehicles hybrids plug-in
hybrids electric vehicles or simply more
fuel-efficient vehicles that reduces our
dependence on oil and it makes
innovating industries in the auto sector
we're successful this is one of a dozen
dozens of things that this EPA
Administrator is doing he either is
denying science denying climate science
he's trying to muzzle scientists just
dissolving scientific advisory boards
he's trying to undo safeguards or he's
cutting the enforcement of those
safeguards the enforcement at the EPA is
down by 40% so we are we are challenging
this EPA Administrator we're challenging
in him in court every day but we also
need to see him removed from office as
quickly as possible
and we have 30 seconds Emily akan your
latest piece is headlined the EPA is
acting like Big Tobacco how yeah Scott
Pruett proposed a rule to to change what
kind of science the EPA can use in order
to create regulations it's marketed as a
transparency policy so the administrator
is saying that only open data can be
only studies that use open data can be
used that actually disqualifies the vast
majority of health research on air
pollution lead pollution climate change
and what I described in the piece is
that this is a tactic lifted directly
from Big Tobacco when they tried to
disqualify research about the health
effects of tobacco in order to avoid
paying financial penalties and I should
just add that the tobacco lobbyist who
worked on that for big tobacco is now
taking credit for that for the EPA I
want to thank you both for being with us
Emily Atkin the New Republic Michael
Brune Sierra Club and Emily will link to
your pieces at democracynow.org coming
up as the Supreme Court looks poised to
uphold president Trump's travel ban will
speak to Karen karamatsu the daughter of
Fred Korematsu his challenge of the
internment of japanese-americans during
World War two went to the Supreme Court
as well stay with us
