here on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez
well then louisiana newly disclosed
documents reveal a state intelligence
agency regularly spied on activists
opposing construction of the Bayou
bridge pipeline which would carry nearly
a half million barrels of oil per day
across Louisiana's wetlands the
documents show the Louisiana governor's
office of homeland security and
emergency preparedness regularly drafted
intelligence memos on anti pipeline
activists including a gathering of
indigenous led water protectors who set
up a protest encampment along the
pipeline route other newly revealed
documents show close coordination
between Louisiana regulators and the
company building the pipeline energy
transfer partners in some cases state
regulators use language drafted by the
pipeline company and it's public
documents this comes just one week after
a US District Judge and Baton Rouge
ordered a temporary injunction against
the construction of the Bayou Bridge
pipeline in order to prevent further
irreparable harm to the region's
delicate ecosystems while corporate
challenges proceeded critics of the
pipeline include retired lieutenant
general Russel Honore who led the relief
efforts in New Orleans after Katrina
he's featured in a new short film by the
Louisiana bucket brigade about the
pipeline
I'm Russel Honore Lieutenant General
United States Army
I spent 37 years three months in three
days the United States Army retired in
2008 as a 33rd commander and I moved
back to Louisiana my home state most
people have some reference to me in
Hurricane Katrina
the Joint Task Force commander the state
of Louisiana is blessed with natural
resources we call the sportsman's
paradise but we're the second largest
energy producer in America that comes at
a cost
welcome to all the gas industry has
hijacked our democracy
over time our wetlands have been
destroyed much by the exploration
industry and of course between New
Orleans and Baton Rouge we've got a hard
chemical plant all of them try to do the
minimum when it comes to clean air when
you go west some bad roads you get off
into the oil patch and you work your way
toward Lake Charles which is turned into
a production corridor a falling gas with
refineries and chemical plants the other
issue we have is pipelines when you got
a hardened 70,000 miles already in your
state my big concern with pipelines is
we don't have the laws we don't have the
people we don't have the regulation and
we don't have fires and penalties that
motivate companies to prevent all spills
and you know how to replace pipeline now
when it breaks and it breaks in towns
and communities is breaks out in the
swampland did breaks next to lakes and
rivers here in Louisiana
and in the case of this byte abridged
pipeline energy transfer part do not
have a good history they have multiple
spills way too frequently it's time for
the people Louisiana to stand up
otherwise people are Center from now be
cursing us
because we watched this happen in planes
there
that's retired lieutenant general Russel
Honore who led the relief efforts in New
Orleans after Katrina other opponents of
the bio breach pipeline include members
of the Mount Triumph Baptist Church in
st. James Louisiana three times actually
a historical black community which is in
st. James Parish on the west bank of the
Mississippi River the actual township
was founded after slavery
I'm Church administrator also usher my
mom was baptized here my grandmother was
a member here so it runs deep thirty
years ago we were designated industrial
land use area
currently there are approximately 118
tanks in this area we know that the
pipeline's leak we know that it takes to
have emissions we know that it causes
cancer we know you get upper respiratory
we know that there's asthma we know you
have skin irritations stomach headaches
you name it the bio bridge pipeline will
come in that mean never going to have
more tense
we can't afford to have nothing else in
this area that's just gonna destroy what
we have
I think they'll put us in heat the bus
and it's ain't nothing there's always
the force the black and the guineans
order Hispanics
he's just figured he can walk over
people few wise dad was here
they have been bought on we're gonna be
the one to suffer the burdens they feel
on top of african-american communities
well they don't expect to fight
and it's a little such thing is this
pipeline is never gonna leave it's gonna
happen it's just a matter of when that
piece produced by the Louisiana bucket
brigades and four more we're joined by
three guests you saw in that video
Pastor Harry Joseph of the more than
century old more than a hundred thirty
year old Mount Triumph Baptist Church in
st. James and ralphus is with us
founding director of the Louisiana
bucket brigade which is producing these
videos and Pamela Spees of the Center
for Constitutional Rights senior staff
attorney on the no Bayou bridge project
but she also is from Louisiana from Lake
Charles you're the beginning of the
pipeline and and Reverend you're the end
of this pipeline let's begin with Pam
you're from there and you're bringing
this lawsuit and as we started this
piece talking about their surveillance
of the activist people like the Reverend
people I can talk about what you have
found and the significance of this
pipeline project well you know what we
what we found there a number of lawsuits
that we have have filed on behalf of the
groups who are opposing this pipeline
and one of them was against the
Department of Environmental Quality for
these records and what was so
astonishing to see probably not
surprising for folks who have lived in
Louisiana
but the the fact of the surveillance
that it was confirmed that you have
intelligence officers in the governor's
office of homeland security who are
doing these assessments of these these
small groups right who are doing
everything they can to engage in civil
disobedience and and protest this
project and and try to stop it and you
know before it before the permits and
then you know those those assessments
are being sent to all of the other law
enforcement agencies and to the heads of
the environmental regulatory agencies
and yet what we did not see in the
emails that we got from this agency is
any discussion of the pipeline company's
history of accidents right so here you
have a pipeline company which is is no
tourists in the industry for its record
of leaks and spills and yet we didn't
see anything in the in these records
that showed any concern any any
discussion about that and yet what what
they what the concern is is the folks
who are opposing it well the
extraordinary of record of these emails
and the surveillance that you uncovered
it's it's as if they were like
investigating a criminal operation here
just because you were opposing the the
the pipeline burn ripped more the
intelligence officer will offer the
emails at one point says quote in the
case of terrorism to wait for an
indication of crime before investigating
it is to wait too long there's no
guarantee of success but there has to be
a guarantee of effort let's make it hard
to hurt us if you see something
suspicious reported and Rufus what are
you when you saw these emails what was
your reaction I do see something
suspicious and it's that energy transfer
Partners has polluted drinking water
around the country they have a track
record of accidents and that's what the
agencies clearly ought to be
investigating and not regular people who
are exercising our First Amendment
rights it's you know on the one hand
it's a pretty ridiculous situation and
yet they're forwarding a picture of me
to the FBI and the Department of home
and to the other agencies into the
National Guard and then when I see
footage from North Dakota and from
Standing Rock of the National Guard on
site using rubber bullets on people and
tear gas
I mean it's chilling which is exactly
what they intend no of course the Dakota
access pipeline in North Dakota that
also owned by energy transfer partners
as is the bio bridge yes and and the
bridge pipeline is the southern leg of
the Dakota access pipeline so it's
connected in every way clearly including
their surveillance and what about the
connection of the sheriff's and
Louisiana to what's happening in North
Dakota you've spoken about visits yes so
the the there's a parish called st.
Charles Parish where the sheriff who is
Greg Shawn pine was president of the
National sheriffs Association and so he
took a trip to Standing Rock to
to help the Martin County which is where
the pipeline was the Morton County
Sheriff's Department and came back and
may had a very aggressive Facebook post
saying that the the people who were
objecting to the pipeline were violent
and and castigating opponents as people
who deserved law enforcement watching
them and so again that's concerning for
us what we then see sheriff Shawn pine
do is is stand in front of a gas
pipeline explosion in Louisiana just
shortly thereafter when a man was killed
saying no problem here major major fire
in the BA in the swamp but nothing to
see here talking to the news cameras as
if this is normal and as if this is OK
and and pastor hire joseph the impact of
first of all the the overall industry
the energy industry are on louisiana and
specifically on your community and your
concerns about this pipeline we already
have a lot of stuff you know area we
have plants and we have the tank farm
over there and with this pipeline coming
in and that's just telling me there
going to be some more things and with
the change that they have they're not
very much protected because they're
leaks and they're breathing when they
bleed those tanks we breathe whatever
coming out and what I'm concerned about
we're dissing is that we don't know
where we go what coming through the pipe
we don't know what we're gonna be
breathing and we already have people
like you heard already that we are sick
people got council people dying with
Council nobody want to take
responsibility for what is going on now
so we're gonna take responsibility for
what's gonna go on in the future talk
about what you're facing right now well
right now we're facing like I said we
were facing that we in a community where
we don't have a right of way out if
something do happen we have the sunshine
bridge and then we have our little town
called moonshine and between the
sunshine bridge and moon time you're
talking at least about 30 miles and
between that they got plants already
ready got are all filled air you can
want all tanks and we have people that
live there
we had the land called burden land was
for half between them that was our exit
row the plant
bought that and shut it off so now
people can't get out if they had to get
out and we've been fighting for at least
two at least three years to get a right
away and our local government can't give
us a right away was your community
consulted in your church consulted when
it came to the building of this pipeline
yeah like I said the community we all
went to we went to court we went to the
community we went to our local meetings
and we went in hard number to let know
that we didn't wanted this but they
still voted it in because in our
community we have all seven panel of
councilman's and in our area of three
blacks and for whites and when they
voted that out a lot of people was
hurting because we had a 4-3 vote and we
just knew we was gonna win this bout but
we lost it and and the 43 vote was a
long color line you all in for white and
three blacks and we knew we had it won
because one of the council months and I
want to say their third district he asks
a question
welcome to the plate and they told him
that they couldn't tell him that he said
what to the plate and they told him that
they couldn't heat the pipeline calm
they told him that they couldn't tell
him and I knew then yeah we are one but
at the end he still voted yeah and
pamphlets B's in terms of the what your
the way that the companies have worked
together with local officials and even
the state to craft regulations and
legislation on this can you talk about
that as well well I think there's you
know what we're seeing in the records is
the working together on the approval
process for these projects but we know
that there's a massive lobbying effort
and that you know that the the corporate
interest the oil and gas interests are
baked into the political process it's
just it's it's the it's the go-to
concern right as opposed to folks
showing up and and and trying to bring a
different voice into the discussion and
it's the deck is is really stacked and I
think what was and that's you know for
folks who are from Louisiana you know
who grew up there it's something that
was sort of in the air that you breathe
and you understood that that was the
case but what I think is is changing now
is that folks are beginning to question
and I think after the BP spill and and
watching what happened at Standing Rock
and then the growing awareness about
this pipeline and who's behind it is is
actually bringing bringing more folks
what about the argument that the
companies say that they're creating jobs
that they're making it possible for the
economy of Louisiana to to thrive well
what's what's been so interesting about
that is what these folks have documented
on the job sites right so all of the the
workers who are constructing this
pipeline appear to be from out of state
you know that's something that that
these folks have documented and tried to
bring to the attention of Governor John
bel Edwards who has who has used this as
a as a rallying point for support for
this project I want to turn to a clip
from Sara we can annual energy
conference in Houston this is the CEO of
energy transfer partner kelsey warren
you talking about somebody needs to be
removed from the gene pool we we had
people just drilling holes in our pie
drilling holes now now they didn't know
that we didn't have oil in the pipe at
the time but had they they they would
have found out in a very very bad way
and so you know it's just the if we
we're combating something that's
relatively new but it's all of our
problems and and and we were slow to
respond I think I mentioned to you Dan
when we talked earlier that then we were
sort of respond to social media we had a
CEO me that that was kind of out of
touch with that a little bit behind on
that and and we don't do that anymore
we monitor social media and there's
constant lies being said about our
company that we're that we're having to
police if you can talk about an office
if you can respond to what Kelsey Warren
said the CEO of energy transfer partners
who he was referring to
in Louisiana we are standing up to stop
their pipeline there's nobody who is who
has their hands on the equipment who is
fooling with the equipment and I think
that's really a distraction from the
issue you know we understand who the
violent party is and the violent party
is energy transfer partners
yes some people have taken particular
action along public along other pipeline
routes to stop the pipeline that has
happened but that has been very rare and
what we are doing in Louisiana is
peaceful civil disobedience that is
within our rights right and I should say
that you know there is a reason people
are taking action like that because the
systems that are supposed to be
protecting us are clearly failing as
we're seeing in Louisiana there's a
protest outside Cipriani's today where
US Bank is being honored
why because US Bank is receiving an
award for being a good corporate citizen
when in fact they are funding and
fueling the violence by energy transfer
partners so we'll be there to encourage
US bank to keep the promise that it once
made not to fund the pipeline because
it's their cash flow that's perpetuating
the harm and the abuse in Louisiana I
mean we have serious violations
happening already in our state where
they are going in and chopping down
Cypress that are hundreds of years old
where they are going into community that
is already overwhelmed by pollution that
is already overwhelmed by racism and
adding to that problem and pasture hire
Joseph what are you hoping to get
accomplished in your presence here and
continuing protest there somebody
listening somebody hears that we already
have enough in our community and we
don't need nothing else because we have
people that's living there now that
trying to figure out how they're gonna
get out because people there we're not
rich we are poor people and they have
already bought the white out and we as
blacks are there wondering what we're
gonna do cuz we got to raise our kids
and we have our children coming up sick
so they got a lot of people that would
love to get out this community because
there are no other things that come in
here well we have to leave it there but
we will certainly continue to follow the
story pastor Harry Joseph
and ralphus of louisiana bucket brigade
and pamela Spees of the central
constitutional rights and we have this
breaking news president Trump has just
fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
and replaced him with CIA director Mike
Pompeo Trump announced CIA's deputy
director Gina Haspel will be tapped to
succeed Pompeo at the CIA the intercept
reports Gina Haspel was directly
involved in the CIA's torture program
under george w bush she was responsible
for running a secret CIA black site in
thailand where prisoners were
waterboarded and tortured that does it
for our show I mean the Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez
