this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
looking back at the life and legacy of
John McCain the six-term senator and
two-time presidential candidate who died
Saturday at the age of 81 of breast
cancer at his home in Arizona of brain
cancer John McCain began his
decades-long political career after he
was a naval pilot in the Vietnam War
where he spent more than five years as a
prisoner of war after his plane was shot
down in Hanoi in 1967 he spent two years
in solitary confinement and twice
attempted suicide he eventually would
sign a statement that he would regret
that was a so-called confession
admitting to quote crimes against the
Vietnamese country and people this
experience made him a lifelong opponent
of torture as recently as May McCain
opposed the Trump administration's
nomination of Gina Haspel as director of
the Central Intelligence Agency
hospitals a 33 year CIA veteran who is
responsible for running a secret CIA
black site in Thailand in 2002 where at
least one prisoner was waterboarded and
torture in other ways during her tenure
in 1973 upon McCain's release from being
a prisoner of war and has returned to
the United States here an article
expressing support for President Nixon
and the u.s. bombing of Cambodia after
McCain's election to the US Senate in
1987 he consistently promoted war and US
military intervention abroad including
in the first Gulf War Afghanistan and
Iraq as well as Iran here is Senator
McCain joking about bombing Iran at a
2007 campaign event during his
presidential bid against Barack Obama
that old Beach Boys on mama ran in 2008
John McCain ran for a president vowing
to deploy a surge of US troops to Iraq
he failed to win the election and faced
criticism for his choice of Alaska
governor Sarah Palin as his running mate
who some say paved the way for the
election of Donald Trump
Senator McCain was also known for
reaching across the aisle and working
with Democrats on key issues in 1995 he
worked with John Kerry a fellow Vietnam
War veteran but Kerry had opposed the
war to provide political cover for
President Clinton to normalize relations
with Vietnam last year McCain made
headlines when he came back to the
Senate and voted thumbs down against the
republican-led repeal of the Affordable
Care Act
after McCain's death the Washington Post
reports President Trump rejected issuing
a White House statement praising McCain
instead he tweeted my deepest sympathies
and respect go out to the family of
Senator John McCain our hearts and
prayers are with you unquote former
presidents Barack Obama and George W
Bush will deliver eulogies at McCain's
funeral at the National Cathedral on
Saturday McCain's family has asked Trump
not attend the service for more we're
joined by three guests in Washington DC
Mehdi Hasan is with us columnist for the
intercept host of their deconstructed
podcast
he's also host of upfront at Al Jazeera
English he's been tweeting in response
to McCain's death he wrote a piece there
last year headlined despite what the
Press says maverick McCain has a long
and distinguished record of horribleness
also in Washington is Medea Benjamin
co-founder of code pink and here in New
York were joined by norman solomon
national coordinator of routes action
he's also executive director of the
institute for public accuracy author of
war made easy how presidents and pundits
keep spinning us to death among other
books we welcome you all to Democracy
Now Norman let's begin
with you your response to well the death
of Senator McCain his life and his
legacy it's really natural to have a lot
of empathy for someone who suffered
through brain cancer admiration for
people who with stud greed hardships
with with pride and determination
however what we've seen is really what
could be called the phenomenon of obut
omit obituaries that are flagrantly in
conflict with a real historical record
and when you stop and think about it you
know journalism is supposed to be the
first draft of history and when history
is falsified in the way that we're
getting in the last few a couple of days
now several days really in the lead up
to Senator McCain's death it's really a
kind of a fraudulence on the part of the
u.s. mass media if John McCain was a
maverick it's only a high jump over very
low standards and while there were
certainly some from a progressive
standpoint admirable characteristics
that he had he also was a huge
enthusiast for war which included after
his return from being a prisoner in
Vietnam Mehdi Hassan you're a reflection
on the career of John McCain who died
this weekend at his home in Arizona of
brain cancer I think Norman is right to
point to the obit omote phenomenon I
think that's one of the things I've
taken away from the past couple of days
just watching some of the media coverage
which is less journalism and more
hagiography we know what McCain was good
at and what he was praised for but we're
not hearing about some of the darker
sides of his political record and
there's nothing wrong with bringing to
some light to the darker parts of a
politician's a public figures record
this is not some sort of dancing on his
grave this is talking about what he did
and you know look at his career he was
here was a man who was involved in a
massive financial scandal in the late
1980s he was part of the Keating five
the Savings and Loan scandal he agitated
as you mentioned Amy in your
introduction for the illegal and
catastrophic invade
in an occupation of Iraq never
apologised never showed any regret for
that
in 2008 he ran a nasty desperate and
bigoted campaign for the presidency of
the United States alongside Sarah Palin
which as you pointed out again did pave
the way for the election of Donald Trump
and for trumpism in 2016 these are
things he should be held to account for
you also mentioned his famous and
welcome vote last-minute vote I should
add against Obamacare last yes sir in
defense of Obamacare saving Obamacare in
a way last year but we don't talk about
his vote for the big Trump tax cuts
which also involved the killing of the
Obamacare individual mandate he was not
a maverick as Norman says he was a
maverick in name only Medea Benjamin you
had direct experience with Senator
McCain your organization your co-founder
of code pink yes we had constantly been
lobbying John McCain to not support all
these wars Amy I think it's so horrible
to be calling somebody a war hero
because he participated in the bombing
of Vietnam I just spent the last weekend
with veterans for peace people who are
atoning for their sins in Vietnam by
trying to stop new Wars John McCain
hasn't done that with his life what he
did was support Wars from not only Iraq
but also Libya he called John Kerry
delusional for trying to make a nuclear
deal with Iran and through his lot in
with the m EK the extremist group in in
iran he also was a good friend of
Mohammed bin Salman and the Saudis there
was a gala for the Saudis in May when
the crown prince was visiting and they
had a special award for John McCain he
supported the Saudi bombing in Yemen
that has been so catastrophic and I
think we have to think that those who
have participated in war are really
heroes if they spend the rest of their
lives trying to stop war not like John
McCain who spent the rest of
life-supporting more norman song and we
really have to fault the mass media of
the united states not just for the last
few days but the last decades pretending
that somehow by implication almost that
john mccain was doing the people of
north vietnam a favor as he flew over
them and dropped bombs you would think
in the hey geography that we've been
getting about his role in a squadron
flying over north vietnam that he was
dropping no flowers or marshmallows or
something he was shot down during his
twenty third mission dropping bombs on
massive numbers of human beings in a
totally illegal and immoral war I wanted
to return to President Trump as
candidate in 2016 when he attacked John
McCain somebody should run against John
McCain who has been you know in my
opinion not so hot and I supported him I
supported it for president I raised a
million dollars from it's a lot of money
I supported him he lost he let us down
but you know he lost so I'd never liked
him as much after that because I don't
like the lasers but Frank Franklin he
hit me he's a war hero because he was
captured
I like people that weren't captured okay
I hate to tell you
Mehdi Hassan I like people who weren't
captured says now President Trump I mean
whatever your views of John McCain it
was a disgraceful remark from a
draft-dodging then presidential
candidate Donald Trump but let's be
clear the Trump McCain rivalry animosity
which the media been focusing on a lot
especially this morning with the flags
back at full staff at the White House
and you know this Washington Post report
about Trump refusing to call him a hero
and changing the statement and not
saying anything positive up make it
I mean look that is Donald Trump being
the petit manchild that we know he is
and in fact John McCain benefited from
the fact that Donald Trump hated him
because it made him even more popular
with the media who could play this the
media loves you know rouse and
personalities and disagreements so the
idea of McCain being this anti Trump
figure we
great for them and Trump and McCain
obliged by giving them great rhetoric
attacking Trump but when you look at the
record if you look at out to a voting
record that 538 put together McCain
voted with Trump 80% of the time since
2016 he wasn't some great rebel in
actions the thing about John McCain was
he was great at rhetoric the actions
didn't always match the rhetoric and
that is what the media gave him cover
for Norman's right the media have a lot
to answer for when it comes to begin
McCain cultivated the media a lot of
reporters on Twitter over the last
couple of days have been saying he was
their friend which is a weird phrase to
use for a politician and McCain himself
called the media my base that's how he
got his reputation as a maverick that's
how he's getting all this hagiographical
coverage right now on the cable news
channels from right and left alike I'd
like to go back to 2015 when then Senate
Armed Services Committee Chair Senator
John McCain lashed out code pink
protesters who are calling for former
national security adviser and Secretary
of State Henry Kissinger to be arrested
for war crimes our guest Medea Benjamin
was one of the protesters whose voice is
clearly audible
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
I'd like to say to my colleagues and to
our distinguished about witnesses our
morning but I have I've been a member of
this committee for many years and I have
never seen anything as disgraceful and
outrageous and despicable as the last
demonstration that just took place about
you know you're gonna have to shut up or
I'm going to have you arrested if we
can't get the Capitol Hill police in
here immediately
get out of here you lowlife scum that
was Senator McCain in 2015
Madea I heard your voice a little time
before that talking about holding
Kissinger accountable for the people of
Laos and Cambodia
well the question is why would John
McCain bring in Henry Kissinger as an
expert to tell us how we should move
forward with u.s. foreign policy from
the time that in the late 90s John
McCain threw his lot in with the project
for the new American Century and the
neocons John McCain has been looking
towards people who see militarism and US
intervention and the u.s. writes whoever
throw other governments as his ticket I
would say for his personal ambitions and
I think really calling us lowlife scum
instead of looking at the record of
Henry Kissinger or let's just look at
the record of John McCain himself and
say these are not the people that we
should be lionizing what's interesting
about that exchange Amy is not just the
whole defense of Kissinger in a
militarized foreign policy but the
language used here are anti-war
protesters in the Senate using their
democratic right to protest and he calls
them lowlife scum and yet we're being
told for the last 48 hours that John
McCain was the embodiment of civility in
US politics he was a bastion of decency
even Bernie Sanders used that phrase and
yet even McCain himself probably
wouldn't recognize that description he
was a well-known cranky and rude and
abusive figure he called anti-war
protesters lowlife scum he mocked
Chelsea Clinton as ugly he made jokes
about rape and spousal abuse he he he
famously called his Vietnamese captors
gooks and said I won't apologize for
that he used the c-word against his wife
in public he has a long history of not
behaving in a civil manner he ran a
presidential campaign in 2008 Amy we're
at the rallies of McCain and Palin
people shouted out terrorists traitor
off with his head
kill him in reference to Barack Obama
today we condemn Donald Trump for
holding rallies where they say lock her
up where is the condemnation of those
rallies
in 2008 that John McCain presided over I
want to turn to John McCain in 2008 as
you're describing but this was a New
Hampshire at a town-hall meeting when he
defended his presidential opponent
Barack Obama his rival in the face of
constituents spouting racist conspiracy
theories this is a clip that ask you a
question I do not believe in I can't
trust Obama I have read about him and
he's not he's not he's a he's an Arab
he's not no no ma'am no ma'am he's a
he's a he's a decent family man citizen
that I just happened to have
disagreements with on fundamental issues
and that's what this campaign is all
about he's not there are so many levels
to address this on Mehdi Hassan if you
could start yeah I mean I've been
thinking about this clip a lot for the
last couple days has gone viral it's had
millions of views on Twitter and it's
being held up by a lot of people as you
know McCain's moment of nobility in 2008
where he defended Barack Obama compared
to Donald Trump of course who spread
birth conspiracies about Obama being a
secret Muslim and you know some of us
have criticized that I've always found
that clip uncomfortable to say the least
because even if you give John McCain the
benefit of the doubt and say it was a
spur-of-the-moment off-the-cuff response
to the woman he didn't address her point
that Obama was an Arab there is this
weird disjunction where she says he's an
Arab and he says no he's a decent family
man which seems to say that well hold on
Arabs not decent family men now McCain
defenders would say no he wasn't
referring to the Arab point he was
pre-empting her lying about she was
gonna say he was a terrorist or a non
citizen but the point is there was that
prejudice already back then in 2008 well
before Donald Trump in the Republican
base this animosity towards Muslims
towards Arabs towards foreigners and
John McCain never took the opportunity
certainly not in that exchange to
question the underlying bigoted premise
in the way that Conan Powell did for
example at the same time he went on TV
at the same time Powell and he said look
is Barack Obama an Arab or a Muslim no
he's not but so what if he is that's so
what if he is was never said by John
McCain
john mccain ran a campaign in 2008 which
again i said again we keep forgetting
and airbrushing in which obama was
presented to the American people as a
terrorist as a friend of terrorists
that's outrageous norman solomon well
there's a spectrum of problems here i'm
if you go to the broader when the middie
was just talking about we've had a whole
history from george w bush through
barack obama to hillary clinton of
people saying oh we support muslims
muslims are part of the American family
while those same leaders are
slaughtering Muslims in Afghanistan in
Libya in Iraq you know and hoping to do
it in many cases elsewhere in the Middle
East so this whole notion that you say a
few platitudes and that justifies your
militaristic and really mass murderers
truly foreign policy is a problem when
you get to that specific clip which has
gotten huge play in the last 48 hours
the reality is that even more disturbing
than the off-the-cuff response from
Senator McCain is the approach from the
mass media of the United States which
seems clueless just it's an irony free
zone absolutely not addressing what the
real message or a key part of that
message was which is if you're an Arab
then you're not a decent family man but
if you're a decent family man then oh no
you're not really an Arab what an ugly
corrosive and truly racist message that
is and the significance of the major
funeral memorial at the National
Cathedral this weekend that President
Bush will eulogize McCain President
Obama will eulogize McCain and people
are now saying that McCain made clear he
didn't even want Trump there yes well
Trump is a another brand of militaristic
foreign policy that I think has to be
opposed just as much as the particular
brand that his buddy Lindsey Graham and
McCain himself embodied there's been a
lot of coverage in the Washington Post
and elsewhere in the last day
bemoaning that with McCain gone the
traditional militarism from the Pentagon
and the CIA and so forth won't be as
strong against Trump and it's simply in
a way of falling out between McDonald's
and Burger King these two factions of
the Republican Party are both so vicious
and so militaristic embodying what dr.
King called the madness of militarism so
really and what's so really ironic about
the whole kind of McCain Trump split on
policy when it comes to foreign policy
the Trump administration is the most
hawkish administration we've ever seen
when it comes to Iran we're seeing them
now ramping up efforts to target Iran in
terms of breaking out of the Iran deal
in terms of appointing this new office
at the State Department to keep an eye
on Iran you've got Iran Hawks at every
level of the Trump administration if
Donald Trump in future years god forbid
does go to war with Iran well if John
McCain had been alive he'd be egging
Donald Trump on we know that we saw the
clip at the beginning of the show where
he was at singing jokingly about bombing
Iran so yeah I think Norman is a spot-on
to say you know that actual difference
is there when it comes to the mass
murderers foreign policy between a Trump
and a McCain not that much mm and the
fact right now the White House is flying
its flag at full staff whereas in places
like the Washington Monument they have
them lowered medea the New York Times
538 reports McCain voting with Trump
eighty-three percent of the time well
that's right I think we should really
