this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman president Trump
threatened to attack Iran on Tuesday if
it restarts its nuclear weapons program
while at the same time hinting he plans
to scrap the international deal to
prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear arms
Trump described the deal as insane and
ridiculous Iran responded by threatening
to pull out of the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty if Trump
withdraws from the nuclear deal Trump
made his comments at the White House
during his meeting with French president
Emmanuel macron who had come to
Washington in an attempt to preserve the
Iran deal
Trump must decide by May 12th whether
the United States should stay in the
deal which was agreed to in 2015 by Iran
the United States the United Kingdom
Russia France and China and the European
Union there is a chance that nobody
knows what I'm going to do on the 12th
although mr. president you have a pretty
good idea but we'll see but we'll see
also if I do what some people expect
whether or not it will be possible to do
a new deal with solid foundations
because this is a deal with decayed
foundations it's a bad deal it's a bad
structure it's falling down should have
never ever been made I blame Congress I
blame a lot of people for it but it
should have never been made and we're
gonna see what happens on the 12th but I
will say if Iran threatens us in any way
they will pay a price like few countries
have ever paid okay earlier in the day
President Trump was asked about what
would happen if Iran restarted its
nuclear program won't be so easy for
them to restart they're not gonna be
restarting anything they restarted they
could have big problems bigger than
they've ever had before
and you can mark it down they restart
their nuclear program they will have
bigger problems than they have ever had
before
during his visit to the White House the
French president Emmanuel macron said he
opposes throwing out the existing
nuclear deal but said he's open to a new
deal with Iran to address Aaron's role
in Syria and other issues the people
don't wanna go see for a number of
months I've been saying that this was
not a sufficient deal but that had
enabled us at least until 2025 to have
some control over their nuclear
activities we therefore wish from now on
to work on a new deal with Iran joining
us in Washington DC is to my lab D he is
the vice president for policy at the
National Iranian American Council
welcome to Democracy Now so can you
explain the media's making enormous deal
out of the bromance of President Trump
and Emmanuel macron in this first state
visit of the Trump administration and
yet when it comes to the Iran deal Mike
Rhone a big supporter of it president
Trump has called it insane he's
threatening to pull out Iran is
criticizing President Trump and the
United States if they pull out can you
explain what's happening here is the us
closer to remaining in it or leaving
this deal all the indications right now
are that Trump is planning to leave the
deal on May 12th may 12th is when the
next deadline occurs for the United
States to continue waiving sanctions to
remain within the constraints of the
deal McCrone is coming to town sort of
as the last hope Congress has failed to
intervene Congress actually just
approved Trump Secretary of State
nominee who also supports leaving the
deal and really I think much of
Washington including opponents of the
deal including even Republicans in
Congress who voted against the deal are
sort of looking to McCrone and and later
to angle a miracle to try to save this
deal to try to convince Donald Trump to
not abandon this agreement and so what I
think we saw was that this this bromance
was it gave some hope I think that this
notion that
put forward of you know we're gonna get
this this bigger better deal he's sort
of speaking a language of Trump and I do
think it would be really ironic if after
you know this president sort of you know
took us to the brink of killing the deal
and had the you know entire world
worried about this and worried about
going to war with Iran and escalation
and it turned out he really just wanted
to take Obama's deal and rebrand it as
the Trump deal this bigger better deal
I think the Devils in the details what
does that mean are the parties you know
right now what we're really looking at
is negotiations among the United States
and the Europeans that's the easy part
you know we should be able to be on the
same page with these you know with these
four parties with Germany France Britain
and the United States the difficult part
is you know at some point you do need to
bring in the other parties you need to
bring in China and Russia and by the way
Iran if they're going to be party to any
deal and so I really think right now
this is more about trying to convince
Donald Trump away from the brink on May
12th try to buy some time try to put
some ideas in front of him for what is
possible but as far as actually
salvaging the deal and getting this
bigger better deal I think there's a lot
of work that remains to be done and I
don't know if this is actually something
that is achievable at this point in time
I want to play you two clips of the
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif
this is Zarif in the interview with Face
the Nation the Iranian Foreign Minister
saying his country may resume the
nuclear program if the u.s. pulls out of
the landmark 2015 agreement he was
interviewed by the Face the Nation host
Margaret Brennan we have put a number of
options for ourselves and those options
are ready including options that would
involve resuming at a much greater speed
our nuclear activities and those are all
envisaged within the deal and those
options are ready to be implemented and
we will make the necessary decision
when we see fit you're ready to restart
your nuclear program if President Trump
put sanctions back on Iran even if the
rest of the world says don't do this
obviously the rest of the world cannot
ask us to unilaterally in one-sidedly
implement ad that has already been broke
and also on Face the Nation the Iranian
Foreign Minister Zarif was asked about
national security advisor John Bolton
and Trump's picked for Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo who is just about to
possibly be confirmed by the whole
Senate
Pompeyo has spoken in the past about
striking Iran John Bolton the
president's new national security
adviser has said the goal should be
regime change in your country do you
think that as national security advisors
they're going to be honest brokers with
the president presenting him with these
diplomatic options as a diplomatic
option I think that has been that's what
I'm saying though are they does this
their appointments make military
confrontation more likely or do you
still see the possibility to negotiate
but I think the United States is never
abandoned the idea of regime change in
Iran now they are more explicit about
stating it but but the point is they
used to dictators in our region who rely
on them as president Trump said who
cannot live without your support for two
weeks that's the type of regime that
they're used to and that is why they so
readily talk about regime change they
have not been able to impact the
decision of the Iranian people over the
last 40 years if you can respond to that
James Abdi the Iranian Foreign Minister
there there's a lot to sort of deal with
there I do think this this issue of
regime change is really fundamental to
this conversation I don't think that
John Bolton or
Mike Pompeo are seriously interested in
negotiations when Mike when Mike Pompeo
was in Congress you know there were many
lawmakers who opposed the Iran deal
there were very few if any who talked
openly about military operations against
Iran as being preferable and so and who
so sort of disingenuously opposed the
agreement with Donald Trump and the
people around him the the adage was he
doesn't want to kill the deal anymore he
wants to fix the deal I think this is
extremely disingenuous I don't think
this is actually about fixing anything
the deal is working the IAEA has
verified in 10 separate reports that
Iran is indeed complying with this deal
is not building a nuclear weapon has put
these constraints in place and so when
we look at the debate around these in it
you know the negotiations that led to
this deal the opponents of those talks
weren't really criticizing the substance
of the talks are offering any sort of
alternative because really there was no
alternative that was acceptable to them
this was about trying to impose
sanctions and you know we can Iran until
the time was right to actually engage in
violent regime change and if you know if
US impose a rock-style regime change is
the end goal there is no amount of
talking between the parties that is
going to achieve that goal so I think
what we have now is really not an
attempt by at least you know Pompeo or
Bolton or Trump to try to you know
quote-unquote fix this deal this is
really about trying to present the
United States as or trying to salvage
this notion that the United States is
the reasonable actor in this in this
play that we're watching unfold and to
try to you know force Iran to be the
party that ends up leaving the deal
because the deal itself is the obstacle
the negotiations are the obstacle if the
goal is violent regime change so that's
where we are and you know I think that
the Europeans are trying to present this
bigger better deal and maybe Trump is
reached
I think that sort of in a vacuum you
look at what has been presented you know
the US on the brink of killing this deal
and then you have this bigger a better
deal that is being presented in a vacuum
that you know diplomacy is a good thing
diplomacy is always a good thing
diplomacy is much better than the other
options but if the United States is not
actually upholding the current deal if
we are not in compliance if we have not
maintained this trust that if you do a
deal with us we're gonna live up to it
why on earth would I Ron subject itself
to new negotiations particularly if
they're new negotiations aimed reopening
a deal that took years to broker that
involved a very systematic give-and-take
and sort of this perfectly balanced
formula in terms of what the parties
were giving up why would he run
entertain or why would anybody that was
involved in the deal frankly entertain
the notion of blowing that up restarting
that process with a United States that
has proven that based on the political
whims of the country it is willing to
renege on agreements so I think that
there's a little bit of wishful thinking
going on right now all that is to say
you know when the Iranians struck this
deal when the Iranian Foreign Minister
talked about this even when Obama at the
time when he talked about this this was
viewed as potentially the the beginning
of more negotiations there are many more
issues to be resolved between Iran and
the u.s. between the parties in the
region you see a proxy war in the region
going on between the Saudis and the
Iranians so there's a lot to discuss
there's a lot of diplomacy to be had but
this nuclear deal was supposed to be the
foundation and we are now seeing that
foundation severely eroded and so the
first step would need to be to actually
start adhering to the deal tomorrow I
want to turn to a john bolton president
Trump's new national security adviser
speaking last year in Paris two members
of the iranian exile group m EK the
declared policy of the United States of
America should be the overthrow of
malas regime in Tehran
[Applause]
the behavior and the objectives of the
regime are not going to change and
therefore the only solution is to change
the regime itself and that's
and that's why before 2019 we here will
celebrate in Tehran thank you very much
so that was John Bolton last year Jemile
a VE response well John Bolton was
delivering a speech to this organization
that has been described by the State
Department by Human Rights Watch by Rand
as a cult-like organization that has
engaged in terrorism
and-and-and Bolton actually was taking
speaking fees to speak for this group
when they were considered by the United
States government to be a foreign
terrorist organization this this m EK i
think it's it's extremely dangerous I
mean they now have access to the White
House this is an organization that has
abused its members that has had you know
operations inside of Iraq to try to go
into Iran to wage these violent
campaigns and if this is the party that
the Trump administration is investing in
as sort of their Iraqi National Congress
their Ahmed Chalabi z--
as was the case when in the lead up to
the Iraq war you know III don't think
this is going to resonate at all with
anybody inside of Iran the m EK is a
reviled group they fought alongside
saddam hussein and so you know III think
that it's very scary that john bolton is
now in the White House and he's aligned
with these people and I think it's very
scary what they may be willing to do in
order to frustrate US interests with
Iran and potentially try to take the
United States into a war of violent
regime change against Iran it's it's
frankly it's terrifying very quickly
today the Supreme Court is taking up the
issue of the third travel ban of
President Trump known as the Muslim ban
among the countries that are where whose
citizens are forbidden to come here is
Iran your thoughts and the significance
of this well it is interesting you know
I mean if you look at it in the context
of the nuclear deal that two years later
Iran thought they were gonna be
integrated in the global economy and
that diplomacy was going to yield all
these benefits and now we're on the
verge of this deal collapsing Iran's not
getting sanctions relief
and then ordinary Iranians who have no
connection to the Iranian government or
any of these issues are now banned from
coming to the United States so I am
hopeful that the Supreme Court will
strike this ban down we'll find that
this is a band that was really it was a
matter of taking the the political
rhetoric that Donald Trump engaged with
on the campaign trail that was you know
anti-muslim and and full of hate and
trying to apply a policy that that fit
into that rhetoric and that you know
violates you know the Constitution and
and and should be struck down that being
said the administration has many tools
to enforce these bans and we already are
seeing this administrative Muslim ban
unfold outside of the parameters of the
Muslim ban so even if the Supreme Court
does strike this band down there's going
to need to be a lot more that is done
particularly from Congress to try to
rein in this administration and get some
accountability about how it is
implementing these policies that even
when the ban was temporarily suspended
by certain court orders the
administration was still able to block
people from coming to this country from
Muslim Muslim majority countries because
of all these administrative tools that
are operating in a black box that
Congress has failed to hold accountable
so you know whether it's this Congress
or hopefully you know the next Congress
the real sort of death knell of this ban
is going to have to take place when the
political will is summoned in Washington
to actually dismantle that ban Jamaa
creme Court would be a good start
Jamal Abdi I want to thank you for being
with us vice-president for policy at the
National Iranian American Council coming
up we'll speak with a woman in Texas who
had a miscarriage and was forced to
choose whether she'd left the hospital
bury the remains in a shared grave or
arrange for a private burial we'll look
at this case and how Vice President Mike
Pence pushed similar laws in his home
state of Indiana stay with us
