this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're broadcasting from
Brownsville Texas along the us-mexico
border behind me is the border wall that
stretches in sections all the way
through California through this wall you
can see the International bridge it just
takes a few minutes for a US citizen to
walk across it and you're in Matamoros
Mexico but for those coming the other
way it's not quite so easy on this
bridge family seeking asylum have been
turned away in violation of US and
international law they're being told
there's no room or to come back later
many wait days or weeks and hot baking
Sun sometimes with young children
fearing violence and for they return to
their home countries here in Brownsville
Thursday more than a thousand people
from across Texas came to protest
outside the federal courthouse demanding
keep families together it was one of the
biggest protests here in years
Brownsville on the rio grande valley are
the epicenter of the trump
administration's zero-tolerance policy
that criminally prosecute smites who
cross the border and has led to the
separation of more than 2,000 children
from their parents this week a federal
judge ordered the government to reunite
children with their families within 30
days or 14 days for those younger than
five years old the ruling was a response
to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil
Liberties Union the ACLU a key sponsor
of Thursday's rally here in Brownsville
today we spend the hour with voices of
protest we begin with after Jay Ellison
one of the stars of ISA Ray's
groundbreaking HBO hit series and secure
this is a bit of a homecoming for me I
really don't talk about it a lot but
Texas has provided for my family for a
couple generations my father was born in
Abilene Texas my mother as a child lived
in Austin on an Air Force Base called
Bergstrom years later I then lived in
Austin on that same Air Force Base
family who lives in Dallas have an aunt
in Houston Texas is home to me y'all and
and when I look back at all these
important moments in my life whether
it's middle school or high school career
etc and any success I've ever had it's
because of the people who raised me and
obviously those first people are my
parents and my family but they're also
immigrants and people who had touch
points in my life they're a Nigerian
immigrant who tutored me in calculus and
trigonometry every single day in high
school there was a Mexican immigrant who
yeah-hoo-hoo got me who drove the bus
that got me back and forth to school
from home safely yeah it was a Chinese
immigrant who went on to be my resident
advisor when I took summer school at
UCLA and an Iranian Muslim immigrant who
helped coach so many of my auditions in
my pursuit to become an actor and that
doesn't include the hundreds of
thousands of other immigrants who have
come from around the world who have
indirectly had some impact on my life
it's because of all of them that I am
here today
[Music]
and as a person of color I look out and
I see so many faces of color and so many
faces not of color thank you for being
here with us also but as a person of
color I have a legacy of family
separation behind me at the hands of
this government and I want the families
and those detention centers and the kids
in those cages to know that their pain
is being seen by people who have
experienced the exact same thing for
them for generations and we are here for
you now in the news some people have
called these detention centers like
summer camps but look behind us behind
us is a courthouse where people that
night summer camps they're not and
behind us is a courthouse where people
are being targeted for the crime of
wanting a better life for their children
for the crime of create wanting to
create to build to contribute to society
for the crime of seeking asylum that is
not a crime these facilities this court
sends families to be torn apart at our
not summer camps their detention centers
sinners were babies and children are
experiencing trauma from being separated
from their loved ones and being treated
as prisoners think about the heartbreak
of these parents think about the pain of
the kids and the children I've spent
weeks now months now with them in my
mind hearing the story after story seen
image after image and I know all of you
have too and that's why you're here and
I keep seeing these faces and I see
faces of these middle school kids that I
worked with when I volunteered for this
AmeriCorps program back in Portland
Oregon
and many were first-generation kids who
were here from with immigrant parents
and they went on to college they raise
families they're working they're
providing they're paying taxes they're
contributing to this society that we all
share and that we all live in and if
this current administration had been in
power back then they never would have
gotten those opportunities so when I
read about the thousands of immigrants
who have been prosecuted for crossing
the border I see those faces and I see
so many of my immigrant friends faces I
see my aunt's my uncles my parents my
grandparents I see my family and I think
we all see our family when we see these
families torn apart America has
constantly drawn strength and and spirit
from waves of immigrants bearing
different memories honoring different
Heritage's they have strengthened our
economy and richer our culture renewed
our promise of freedom and opportunity
for all and we all came here from
somewhere else y'all all of us there's
very very few people in this country who
who have roots in this country and
whether it was through slavery or
migration this land flourished because
it was fed from so many sources because
it was nourished by so many great
cultures and great traditions and great
people who crossed borders to get here
together we built cities we build
industries we built movements we built a
culture and together we can fight this
now y'all know I got to talk about dr.
Ronald with the king real quick and in
his letter from a Birmingham jail dr.
King wrote and justice anywhere is a
threat to justice everywhere and I think
most of us have heard that the part that
sometimes gets lost is we are caught in
an escape and an inescapable network of
mutuality tied in a single garment of
destiny whatever affects one directly
affects all indirectly that connection
that single garment of destiny is most
visible when people are trying to break
it the mutuality is most tangible when
someone is trying to tear us apart and
we all understand and connect to family
whether it's the family you were born in
or whether the family you chose none of
us want to be torn from them none of us
deserve to be torn from them the
government should not tear us from them
it's not what humans do it's not
humanity so every time we see a family
ripped apart we are ripped apart it's
because it's our nieces
it's our nephews it's our brothers it's
our sisters it's our mothers it's our
fathers it's our grandfathers our
grandmothers and they're being kept in
kennels not too far from these
courthouse steps in Brownsville and
McAllen and far too many other
facilities along this border our flesh
our blood our fears our dreams our hopes
our aspiration our love they're being
kept in kennels that's why our presence
matters y'all that's why our seat at the
table matters that's why every vote
matters every message of love and
humanity and empathy you can give to
these families matters every call or
letter to your representative matters
every march every rally matter
I need everybody here to do me a favor I
need you to tell people what you've seen
I need you to tell people what you've
heard call them text them email them
snapchat them tweet post on Facebook
tell someone you know tell someone you
don't know tell them that the government
has to stop this and put these families
back together tell them that these
families these two thousand plus three
thousand plus people we don't even know
the number our government doesn't even
know the number
tell that it is shameful tell them that
they these families need to be put back
together and made whole and just one
more thing there's one more face that
I've been seeing in my mind on my way
here on my flight here yes last night
and it's a front of a really good friend
of mine I keep seeing her face and we
had dinner the other night and she's an
exec at this entertainment company and
she's super successful and super smart
and has traveled all around and her her
entire life has benefited from
immigrants and we're sitting at dinner
the other day and and she says I don't
know what to do I want to do something
but I don't I don't know where to start
I don't know what to say I don't know
what to do and I think a lot of us feel
like that sometimes
we want to help a lot of people want to
help but they feel so far away I'm from
a place where we we we are in a bubble
sometimes and we don't see what's
happening right here right well whether
you're here with us today in Brownsville
or whether you're watching on one of
these live streams or somebody's
Instagram live or Twitter or whatever it
is there's one thing that we can all do
we can all continue to talk about this
we can continue to support this fight
every conversation every way we can give
voices to this matters in each state in
each city and each business each school
and every home and we can challenge our
lawmakers those people sitting in
Washington that we put there who lose
touch with their communities we can
challenge them to do better and be
better we can vote vote vote vote vote
vote this fall in the midterms guys we
can go door-to-door and register people
to vote we can vote like our rights and
our immigrant rights brothers and
sisters rights depend on it because
they're due there may be people who
doubt our sincerity there may be people
who question our empathy they may think
we'll move on to the next news cycle or
whatever the next tweet is but if you
ask do we care yes we care if you ask
will we fight yes we will fight if you
ask will we stand up yes we will stand
up and if you ask will we look away no
we will not look away to the families
who have been torn apart we're out here
fighting for you we were gonna do all
that we can to help you find your loved
ones and to bring your people back to
you our government may have turned away
from you but please know that our
government is not who we as a people are
we welcome you into our America you were
accepted and you are loved
and an America that has been created by
so many immigrants we will continue to
fight for that America every single day
thank you guys that was actor Jay Ellis
one of the stars of Easter Ray's
groundbreaking HBO hit show insecure
speaking Thursday at the families belong
together rally in front of the federal
courthouse here in Brownsville Texas I
caught up with J Ellis after he spoke
and asked him to talk more about the
history of family separation in this
country you know when you look back over
time this country has a history of
separating families and specifically
families of color and what's happening
now it may not be the seventeen hundreds
of us or the 1800s but it's very
reminiscent of that in a lot of ways
you're splitting up families you're
charging them for crimes you're then
forcing these these parents to work in
these detention centers it's very
reminiscent of times not too long ago
and so I think that it's important for
us to make sure we don't rip the history
and that people come out and constantly
are speaking and talking about this and
put it into it you're talking about
slavery just came down to the border but
our one of our last shows is
interviewing Michael Bennett of the
Seattle Seahawks now an eagle who took
name protesting police brutality and
just this week the funeral branch Ron
rose and Pittsburgh seventeen-year-old
gunned down by a police officer who's
just charged criminally for that killing
your thoughts on this I think you know
we find ourselves
in a time where there's so many things
happening and what I'm really grateful
for is people using their platform to
continually shine a light on all these
things that are happening police
brutality
being a huge one obviously what's
happening here on the borders being
another what's happening in DC daily I'm
grateful that a lot of people are using
their voices to speak up and I and I
hope that the government knows I hope
that our elected officials know that
this isn't something that we're going to
let pass over until you change my love
and prayers and thoughts out to
Antoine's family and to all the families
who have experienced that same thing
because I think that we have to
continually it not acknowledge them and
say their names and I think that's a big
part of making this issue and it's
constantly reminding people that these
children have lost our lives
you see connection between these border
police actions the separation of
children from their parents and issues
of police in the United States hundred
percent it may be masked in something
different but it's a hundred percent
it's the same yeah it was actor actor
Jay Ellis one of the stars of the HBO
hit show insecure when we come back
we'll air more voices from Thursday's
protests one of the biggest in
Brownsville in years over a thousand
people came from all over Texas to
protest the Trump administration
zero-tolerance policy at ground zero
stay with us
you
