this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm wagon solace
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we begin today's show in Iran
where anti-government demonstrations
have continued for a sixth day at least
20 people have been killed in the
clashes so far the largest protest in
the country since 2009 on Tuesday Iran's
supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
accused the country's enemies of
fomenting unrest in pathetic the enemy
is poised for an opportunity a breach to
penetrate look at the incidents in the
past few days all those who are against
the Islamic Republic of Iran those with
cash
politics weapons and intelligence
apparatus join hands so they may be able
to create troubles for Iran for the
Islamic Republic Harmony's comments came
after the u.s. voiced support for the
protest which began last week by
opponents of Iranian president Hassan
rouhani and have since spread to other
cities including the capital Tehran
protesters say they're concerned about
the country's high unemployment and
rising housing costs the Iranian regime
has reportedly blocked some encrypted
messaging apps in an effort to prevent
protesters from communicating securely
during a press conference on Tuesday
White House spokesperson Cyrus Sanders
said the United States stands with the
Iranian people the United States
supports the Iranian people and we call
on the regime to respect its citizens
basic right to peacefully express their
desire for change America longs for the
day when Iranians will take their
rightful place alongside the free people
of the world
also on Tuesday US ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley similarly
praised the protesters in Iran and said
the United States is seeking emergency
sessions on Iran her comments came after
President Trump began the new year by
tweeting a support for the protests in
Iran saying it's time for change
CNN reports Trump may use the protests
as a pretense to slam the Iran nuclear
deal ahead of key legal deadlines
looming this month in mid-january Trump
Allah once again have to decide whether
to certify Iran's compliance with the
deal
Trump will also have to decide whether
to renew temporary waivers for US
sanctions against Iran it's unclear if
trans come donation of the Iranian
regime's response to the recent protests
will factor into his decisions on Sunday
the Iranian president rouhani said he
was skeptical Trump is genuinely
concerned about the Iranian people this
man Donald Trump in America who today
wants to sympathise with our people has
forgotten that just a few months ago he
labeled the Iranian nation a terrorist
nation this person who is against the
Iranian nation to his core
he wants to feel sorry for Iran Ian's
there is a question here it is open to
suspicion for more we're joined now by
two guests in Washington DC treat a
Parsi founder and president of the
National Iranian American Council and
the author of losing an enemy Obama Iran
and the legacy of diplomacy and in Los
Angeles were joined by Reza Sayah a
freelance journalist based in Tehran
Iran but in the US for the holidays he
covered Iran for CNN International for
over seven years after its coverage of
the 2009 anti-government protests
surrounding authorities denied him
permission to work there for two years
say later returned to Tehran to report
on the ongoing nuclear talks the 2013
presidential elections the signing of
the interim nuclear deal and most
recently the 2017 Iranian presidential
elections we welcome you both to
Democracy Now Reza Sayah let's begin
with you you are just back from Iran can
you talk about what these protests are
all about yeah you know first off Amy I
think it's important to point out that
it's very difficult to verify
substantiate and confirm what's
happening all over Iran even if you're
inside Iran at this hour
let alone if you're sitting where I am
or a reporter in Washington DC and I've
been very skeptical of reporters and
analysts who've been unequivocal and
certain about what's happening in Iran
having said that I've talked to a couple
of sources today who tell me that these
anti-government protests are seemingly
dying down Tehran at this hour seems to
be quiet
seems to be the case in other major
cities
Media reporting today probe government's
demonstrations in at least 10 cities
including a clause and kermanshah these
are pro-government
demonstrators who are coming out showing
their support for the government and
condemning the recent protests in the
past several days and I think it's
important to point out that despite the
attention that these pro anti-government
protests have gotten over the past week
there was no indication at least to me
that this was a repeat of 2009 I was
there you had hundreds of thousands
maybe millions of people coming out into
the streets and what appeared to be a
legitimate threat to the government of
Iran at that point this time the
protests are indeed widespread in at
least 60 cities according to reports but
the protests are small in number
according to reports in the hundreds in
the thousands some are yelling
anti-government slogans against the
Supreme Leader against the president
these protests are being driven by the
high cost of living
unemployment and these are grievances
that the government must address so what
we saw today based on the limited
information that I have these are these
are not the protests that we saw in 2009
this was not a mass uprising even so a
lot of analysts a lot of reporters
described it as such and I think most
level-headed and sober minded analysts
and reporters had a more sober analysis
these are significant protests but it's
unclear where they're headed and
information today is seemingly seemingly
they're losing a little steam and I
think a lot of people are going to be
anxious to see what happens today in the
coming days where this goes and how the
government more important than anything
else addresses the economic grievances
of the people protesting I want to ask
you a couple of things one is your
reaction to the response of President
rouhani who has seemed to at least in
some public statement say that there are
legitimate concerns being expressed that
the people
have the right to protest and secondly
the call by nikki Haley for an emergency
meeting of the United Nations to deal
with this issue I mean it seems to me I
can't imagine for instance in 1992 after
the Rodney the the riots in Los Angeles
following the court decision on Rodney
King where 55 people were killed in
12,000 were arrested just in Los Angeles
that some other country would call for
an emergency meeting of the United
Nations to discuss the freedom struggle
of the people of the United States yeah
you know first off rouhani in the
government's reaction many people are
arguing that the Iranian government is
showing surprising restraints the
President of Iran has come out and said
these are legitimate grievances and the
Iranian people have the right to protest
although he condemned the violence you
have Iranian newspapers with headlines
that are calling on the government to
listen to the people in many ways this
is unprecedented
I think the Iranian government
understands the power of the Iranian
people six months ago there was a 70
percent turnout to vote for rouhani
after the elections I was there there
was hundreds of thousands of people in
the streets demonstrating I think the
Iranian government understands that if
there is a severe crackdown these people
can come out and there could be a repeat
of 2009 so I think they've showed
relative the restraint and when it comes
to reaction from the US government I
think many people in Iran believe that
the US government's intention is regime
change and I think there's certainly a
lot of indications that this movement in
Washington led by the Trump
administration that has altered an
Iranian foreign policy that was cautious
engagement under President Obama to
confrontation that they're pushing for
these demonstrations to grow and I think
in the in the coming days you'll see
you'll see more more of that
and I think many people in Iran are very
skeptical of the u.s. expressing that
they're concerned about the Iranian
people and alleged human rights
violations and reaction to the protest
well let's play what the White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
said yesterday I think the ultimate end
game would be that the citizens and the
people of Iran are actually given basic
human rights and he'd certainly like to
see them stop being a state sponsor of
terror I think that's something the
whole world would like to see and this
is what Sarah Huckabee Sanders said
responding to a question about whether
the recent protests in Iran will
influence Trump's decision to reimpose
sanctions on Iran I think the
president's been very clear what his
position is in support of the Iranian
people and in terms of what decision
he'll make on that waiver he hasn't made
a final one yet but he's going to keep
every option on the table with regard to
that Reza Sayah can you respond to what
that would mean well I think Iranians
are very aware they're very much
political they a lot of political savvy
they they know that these statements are
familiar these were the statements made
in Syria in in Libya and I think
unfortunately a lot of Iranians have
seen that the current policy in in
Washington is heading towards a movement
that's not going to support this nuclear
agreement this nuclear agreement that
many people were hopeful that would
change things for the Iranian economy
again once Donald Trump came into office
the policy changed to confrontation the
Iranians were hoping that the nuclear
deal would lead to international trade
with with the Europeans a lot of
Europeans are eager to make some deals
with with the Iranian government but I
think a lot of people are aware that the
global economy still is controlled by
the US dollar the US government in the
Washington his his shown that they don't
support this this nuclear deal and
that's why
a lot of Europeans a lot of European
countries have held back than making
deals with Iran
let's bring treat a Parsi into the
conversation of the National Iranian
American Council author of losing an
enemy Obama Iran in the legacy of
diplomacy of course among the first
tweets of President Trump in the New
Year in the New Year's Eve period was
attacking President Obama treat a Parsi
this month the once again President
Trump will be deciding whether to
certify the Iran deal talk about this
and what these protests mean and if you
think they will continue what is coming
up in January is a deadline in which the
u.s. is obligated to renew waivers on
the sanctions as long as Iran is living
up to its end of the bargain all of the
reports from the IAEA show that the
Iranians are complying with the
agreement and as a result the u.s. is
obligated to renew these waivers
otherwise the US will be out of
compliance with the deal this deadline
is coming up sometime around January
12th and with these protests I believe
that Donald Trump has now found a new
pretext to do what he had planned to do
all along to not renew the waivers and
as a result essentially walk away from
this deal and then the question is if
this deal would be able to survive
without the United States with the
protests going on he has a new pretext
and it will probably will be easier for
him to make this decision and sell it in
Washington compared to if he had done it
three four months ago you said that you
believe that these protests were
actually initiated by more conservative
elements within Iranian society but have
had an effect of backfire to some degree
could you talk about that and also the
impact of the of the of the new
confrontations now between the United
States government at Trump
administration and Iran on the economic
situation in Iran definitely so I spoke
to a person who was in Mashhad and
observed these first protests I believe
it was last Thursday and these were
organized by hardliners who were
hoping to put pressure and embarrass the
rouhani government there is a tremendous
amount of economic frustration there
were high hopes that the economy would
move in the right direction it has not
at least not lived up to the expectation
and the hardliners were trying to
capitalize on that but things got out of
control because rather quickly more
people joined these protests that were
not from the conservative ranks and
instead of just chanting slogans against
rouhani's government they were now
targeting their regime as a whole
including the conservative establishment
and you actually had some conservative
figures come out and express some regret
and you know in a veiled way saying this
is not the way it was supposed to turn
out these were not the slogans that were
supposed to be said but now we are where
we are and it's grown and gotten
completely out of control out of their
hands when it comes to the confrontation
between the United States and in Iran or
the Trump administration I think as I
got it absolutely right it's not just
about the message some people will
clearly agree with some of the messages
that Donald Trump has said because of
their frustration with the government
and with the situation but the messenger
carries no credibility mindful of all of
the measures that the Trump
administration has done that has
targeted the Iranian people including
people who are very much against the
Iranian government such as the Muslim
ban that has affected Iranian Nationals
more than any other nationality and I'm
wondering in terms of the government
crackdown the efforts to restrict or
muzzle social media communications I
think there's in the New York Times
mentioned today that during the Green
Revolution back in 2009 only about a
million Iranians had smartphones today
48 million have smartphones so there's a
lot more social media communication
going on your sense of what's happening
with that crackdown yes so some of these
apps were closed down telegram for
instance but people have rather quickly
managed to find ways around that I lost
contact with some people for about two
or three days precisely because of the
closing down of Telegraph but it
reopened again because people find
different ways to get around that other
apps etc etc ultimately it's a
cat-and-mouse game that I don't think
the government can win precisely because
there's so many ingenious
ways of getting around these different
blocks were you surprised by these
protests Rita I was surprised and I
think and I've looked around and most
other people were surprised as well I
spoke to organizers of the green
movement they were taken by surprise
they had no expectation of this
happening they were not involved in it
and in Frank they were you know taking a
calculated distance from this precisely
because they don't fully understand
where this came from and where it is
heading part of the reason why I think
it took people by surprise including
myself is because it's a very different
demographic that is out there protesting
now a demographic that has not been at
the center of Iran's political
developments for the last two decades
and as a result people were not
necessarily paying attention to their
needs and to their demands moreover I
think it's very important to understand
this what has happened in the last month
in Iran is that a new budget proposal
had been made in the parliament which
cut a lot of cash handouts to the poor
that would raise fuel prices 50% things
that would really affect poor people in
Iran very very negatively and it appears
that that was the straw that broke the
camel's back a lot of pent-up
frustration and a lot of disappointment
that the economic situation would get
better and then they saw this budget
that actually would make their situation
much worse and that's part of the reason
why you have the outpouring in the
streets and what about involvement of
perhaps the CIA US government other
Western governments I mean the u.s. very
close right now to Saudi Arabia an enemy
of Iran and the reason to raise the
issue of the CIA of course and people's
minds and Iran much more than the United
States is going back to the history of
1953 and the CIA overthrow the US
government overthrow of the
democratically elected Iranian leader
Mohammad Mossadegh this is of course a
very sensitive point precisely because
of the history that you mentioned and we
have to be very frank we don't know what
we do know is that the people do have
legitimate grievances because of both
political social and economic injustice
--is in Iran that in of itself does not
mean however that they may not be either
attempts by outsiders to influence this
or try to hijack it but I think it's
also interesting to see how the rouhani
government handled it whereas hardline
rather quick to try to blame the whole
thing on outside interference and saying
that the protesters are in collusion
with foreign agents the rouhani
government came out and said that most
people that are protesting are
protesting because they're angry because
they have legitimate frustrations some
may be doing so because they are under
the influence of foreign agents and I
think they did so because they
understand that they would be inciting
more protests if they were to insult the
protesters by essentially dismissing
their grievances instead they accepted
that they have legitimate grievances in
an effort to try to calm down the
situation
thank you I wanted to ask you in terms
of your assessment you mentioned the
president rouhani your assessment of
President rouhani because Iran is a
nation that is unusual in that it has
this clerical hierarchy that will such
immense power yet it has a vibrant
democracy where the people in their
elections often don't go along with the
clerical hierarchy certainly not and I
think it's quite interesting to see that
those who the hardliners have been
endorsing or or believed to be backing
have almost always lost in these
elections these elections are not fully
democratic of course because there's a
guardian council that Vettes candidates
in a rather undemocratic way so not
anyone who wants to run can run but
within the limited choices it tends to
be quite competitive certainly quite
decisive and as Reza pointed out the
voter participation has been quite high
about 70 percent last time so there is a
civil rights movement there is a very
strong civil society in Iran that has
really internalized democratic values
but what we're seeing right now is
actually protesters from a different
