[Music]
Democracy Now is youth correspondent
Soledad Aguilar : from beacon high
school a public high school here in New
York came with us to Washington DC and
interviewed other young people at the
protest I'm sorry that I'm with
democracy now can you tell me your name
my name is Alana Willington your age
please I'm 13 years old why did you guys
decide to come here - we decided to come
here because I I don't want to be scared
walking into school I want more gun
reform laws and I just want all in all
just for people to be safe and I want
just people to live good lives like this
isn't the this isn't the America that I
wanted to grow up and I wanted to grow
up in an America with peace not in
America where kids are constantly
getting killed by assault weapons where
we're known as the mass shooting
generation how do you think that this
has affected our lives I think that's
like the fact that we're even known as
that generation is apt is so disgusting
and I feel that the fact that people
even can hold assault weapons in this
day in time it's just disgusting they're
not made for they're not made for
they're not made for hunting they're
made for actual that's why they're
called assault weapons they're made for
assaulting people my name is emilie de
la Rosa I'm 17 and I'm here to March for
the victims of the every single shooting
that's happened and their families
are you a part of an organization or I'm
Co vice president of mother for gun
control which was the organization that
organized the March 14th walk out how
did that start well like a week after
the shooting at Parkland we had a
walkout and after that all of the
leaders from the different schools that
organized the walkouts within their own
schools decided that we needed to come
together and do something as a County
and not just and so that we would unite
a stronger
how is gun violence influencer affected
your community well last year there was
this kid from Einstein from my school
who was shot in his home I believe and
he died from gun violence and it's been
like he had graduated already he was
like on his way to college and then his
life was ended by a gun so it really put
it really set a tone in our school that
like nobody could really shake for a few
months but then what really is I guess I
don't know how to say but I guess
annoying is that everything that happens
like that always kind of goes away after
a while people kind of forget about it
and it doesn't get the attention that it
deserves what do you hope will come out
of the March today I hope awareness on
one on one part and then another that
Congress actually like does something
because the worst part about this is
that Congress is choosing and are a
money over our lives when we're the
future like if we're not here then who's
gonna who's gonna be in Congress in a
few years who's gonna lead this country
in a few years and have you as we are
the mass shooting generation as they
call it how has that affected you
growing up
how's it affected my just made my life
well after the shooting impartment
happened it really opened my eyes and I
started to fear it's like for my life in
school because before I before all of
this happened my school had a tendency
of leaving doors open and unlocked and
especially in the click near the art
classrooms there the doors were always
open and unlocked because we have
portables in the background and I spend
most of my days there so I would like
walk through the hallways like really
quickly and like every single classroom
I would walk into I was looking for
somewhere where I can hide or where I
can escape
should you have lockdown at your school
we haven't really had a lockdown Joe
after the shooting happened and I think
it was after them no I think I'd
remember heels before after the walk out
but we had a bomb threat to our school
and it was said that it was going to be
like a replica of like an imitation of
the parson shooting where they like
would say that was a bomb fair shot
everybody would leave and then like they
would like shoot us up and so that was
it wasn't a drill but it was an actual
lockdown and we were in lockdown for a
few hours can you tell me what your sign
says and show it to the audience it says
women in the US are 11 times more likely
to be murdered with a gun compared to
those living in other high income
nations and then so get it together
America my name is Devon meadow I'm 17
and I'm here today because I want to
take action against gun
and show that exercise my voice are you
from a certain group or I see you have a
teacher yes'm I go to Park Place in the
city I just came from Philly yeah we're
here today from Philadelphia how is gun
violence affecting your community well
in my community it's like guns there's a
lot of there's a lot of gun violence
I lost my cousin with the gun violence
and there's a lot of people in my
community with knife down violence gun
violence is so normalized in my
communities and when this issue first
was brought to me in school it was like
I'm so used to it that didn't have much
of a reaction to it and I don't think
that it should be that normalized that
we become desensitized to the effects of
gun violence and so I think that I
should exercise my voice more for gun
control because it's gotten out of hand
can you talk more about the incident
with your cousin like how did it happen
my cousin was actually just an innocent
bystander and he was shot because he
knew somebody who the person was looking
for so he was killed just because he
didn't tell them where the where the
person they were looking for was and he
had a whole future ahead of him he was
about to start his own business and
everything and it's happening to a lot
of our youth they're dying when they
have a whole future and they're dying so
young he was only 20 and I don't think
they deserve to die I think some
something should be done and something
same clause should be enforced what do
you hope it would come out of the March
today I'm hoping that it would get
enough attention and then people in
Congress some at least somebody in
Congress will feel pressured enough to
do something about what's happening in
our country ever mind I'm 10 years old
and we're here because if I don't make a
change then it's well I'm in and I'm 12
years old and I'm here because adults
haven't taken a stand and if they don't
we will my name is Nicole bass I'm here
because I'm a teacher in Florida and we
need a change what do you think about
the NRA saying that they want teachers
to be armed with guns I can't imagine a
worse scenario as a teacher we shouldn't
have to put ourselves in a position
where we feel like we need to run
towards gun violence we need to protect
the kids we really shouldn't even have
to do that it's a really hard situation
but we need a change in what's happening
instead of arming us we need to take
arms away from everyone else
thank you have you been affected by gun
I've been evacuated this year and I've
had like four lock downs already it's
not a good experience can you tell me
more what the experience is like of lock
downs they come on the intercom and we
get put into a corner where there's we
get put into a corner where the when our
teacher stands right next to the door
and the blinds we have to close them but
you can still see through them and we're
in the dark and we have two stories and
everything and it's it's scary because
we were in them for like an hour and we
just have to sit there and wait and it's
what you want to be in thank you guys
what are you hoping will come out of
this March I hope that people will
actually start to pay attention and we
will see some change but not anybody
should be able to get a gun and if they
actually did something then I think we
would stop seeing the violence it's
happened in other countries and when
they put in laws it stopped happening
and that's what we want to see happen
here too when I go up I want to be a
veterinarian not a victim our lives
matter begin to end our lives begin to
end the day we become silent about
things that matter I'm okay why do you
care more about guns than our kids I'm
super Obama and my age 21 21 year
teacher in the north school I come today
with my students to support them and
Joanne Beckett I come from a noir school
and I'm here because I want to add gun
violence
my name is o betta I'm from owner school
I'm 18 years old and I'm here to fight
for the lives of the people that can't
anymore and also for the people that are
still alive in at risk I've got my my
name is para para I'm 18 years old
Brooklyn College South Brooklyn New York
and I'm here because I want better gun
reforms and I want to ensure that
children would not go to school in fear
because they should be worried about
their next test not about if there's a
gun like present oh yeah you guys show
me your signs and talk about them a
little bit okay my sign I was originally
gonna do something from online but then
I was looking at the statistics and one
thing in common that I found was that
after every shooting almost every news
outlet tries to fight to have the most
like eye catching headline and it would
either be the deadliest the bloodiest
and I found it very inconsiderate that
these lives are just turned into numbers
they're just a part of this bigger like
scheme of America where we're just put
lives that were taken and we're not
people anymore and a lot of the time
people are like people are like this
time many more people died so we should
care why should we care if it's ten
people we should care before it's even
one so yeah and we stayed up till like
2:30 doing this she's the best friend we
were doing this like together but I
decided to just go for something simple
no more silent no more silence and gun
violence I thought it was a good catchy
phrase that would like stick with people
if they were to see it they'd want to
know and I I mean I did it in red so I
would catch eyes but I thought that the
message was simple and straightforward
so I thought that it would make like
stick have you guys been affected by the
lockdown in schools have you experienced
them we had a lockdown when we were in
middle school and at that time you don't
really understand why and I guess our
teachers didn't want to explain it
because we'd get scared so we didn't
take it seriously but recently after
what happened in Florida I had to speak
to my principal about logs down about
having an event about the walkout about
participating in this March and me and a
couple of other students organized this
together for our school to come together
and I just found that when I was talking
about how we'd have to hide in our
classrooms hide behind dusk and not even
call our parents
it just I couldn't explain the feeling I
was scared and I wasn't I was just
talking to him about it and I can't
imagine the students who have to
actually face it how they're feeling
right now how does it made you feel to
have to grow up with mass shooting sir
it's made me feel like our government
doesn't really give it about our lives
but I feel like to them money is
important and their own citizens are it
and we're the ones that elect them and
come what made these kids that you see
here today some may some aren't even
teenagers but soon they will be and will
be will be able to vote well I can vote
but we're gonna vote them out so either
they hear us or they don't but we're
gonna make them and did you guys
participate in the walkout last
Wednesday yes we did we had to talk to
our principal about precautions to take
because we're a Muslim school a private
school so we had to take into Samba
phobia it's an account but we did talk
to our principal about it and it was
amazing because you do have those one or
two people who like one guy pointed a
gun at us with his fingers and then
someone gave the middle finger but then
you have those multiple people honking
their cars they're screaming they're
proud of you and they agree with you and
it was just an amazing feeling to be a
part of this big movement can you talk
more about Islamophobia and gun violence
and how they're correlated um I feel
like people think that a lot of things
are a race issue and they're not
specifically for this this is not a race
issue it includes everybody but it's not
a phobia and gunman's I feel like when
I'm specifically talking about something
I'm more AB more I'm more at a risk
because I'm Muslim and I feel like I
could be targeted easily and because I
know how it feels like to be a victim I
don't want to make anyone else feel that
way especially kids my name is Leo Penge
I'm 16 I'm from Albania I go to roads or
high school
can you tell me why you're here today oh
we're gonna march together and show our
presence into country and show our
movement watching together for front gun
control how has gun by inspecting your
community well it really scares us most
of us because we have had a threat to
our school and
it really scared a lot of us it scared
us to the point where a lot of us there
cost a lot of class right so the highest
March it shows that we're not scared for
a year to stand together I'll show that
we need change we need change our
community we need to be together and
show our presents to our country in our
presence and what will you hope will
come out of this March today I hope I
hope the awareness will come to people
who are very ignorant
I don't able to see how we feel and I
hope that every single one of us here
are able to see each single poster that
every person has written down and
created by their own hands and take in
their feelings and their opinions hi I'm
high school in Yonkers and I'm 80 years
old and the reason why I'm here today
I'm here to show that one person can
make a big change that's why I'm here
I'm here to represent every single
person I couldn't be here today I'm here
to make a change to make a difference
what are you hoping will come out of the
March today I'm hoping that the
government will become more aware and
that this is going to be the last show
this week to ever happen at school and
clear and to just be more like to help
us more to help the student to have the
teachers like I feel like gun violence
is it needed
you know everyone just needs to learn
how to understand each other my name is
Diana Stewart Perkins I come from
Montclair New Jersey and I'm here
because I'm a public school teacher can
you talk about the NRA saying that
teachers should be armed with guns
I think the NRA should visit a school
during a practice lockdown and see what
it's like how the kids cower in a corner
how we're supposed to be their
protectors teachers
we're also cowering we place ourselves
closest to the front doors the doors of
our classroom to protect our kids and
having a gun would not help it would not
help at all
just like the NRA those people cannot
teach I don't know why they would expect
us to all of a sudden become
protecting children with arms and can
you read your sign for us yes I have a
two-sided sign one is I'm an English
teacher not a glance gun slinger and the
other is says at the top we have a
little post-it with a message from one
of my students Lucy
it reads arms are for hugging and then
she signs her name my poster says a
message from Lucy and underneath I'm
marching from my students like Lucy Lucy
is one of the students in my school that
walked out on Wednesday last Wednesday
to protest can you talk about how gun
violence or especially our generation is
known as the mass shooting generation
can you tell me how they said it's
affected your kids or anything well I
can tell you that I have two sons 30 and
27 and this was normal for them to have
depending on what school it is to have
this hide this this practice of
preparing for a shooter and I didn't
know until a couple of years ago and
again I have a son who's 30 who told me
it was normal and he told me that in the
context of me describing how I am hiding
with these students and I have nothing
to protect them and we are sitting ducks
in any given room where we are so it is
normal or at least people who are 30 and
the students in my school I'm new to
this particular school I'm teaching this
year and to watch the anxiety come up in
their faces for me to have to tell them
shut off your phones just so that we
would not signal an active shooter to
come in here the our information is
minimal and I'm supposed to save lives
and I'm good to protect younger students
but I'm completely ill-equipped but
having a gun will not equip me making
sure people don't get guns that equips
me to be a teacher
and to not see these students go into
this
she'll talk mode this this PTSD just
from having grown up having to shelter
from an active shooter as in practice
and you talked about the schools in New
Jersey that were penalizing students for
walking out last Wednesday I can't talk
about that because in my school the
administration made it possible for our
students to walk out now some students
stayed out beyond the allotted time but
there was no punishment i'm carolyn
brass and i'm here because as a mother
of four I have had enough of the gun
violence and where are you from where
you Annapolis Maryland and with the gun
shooting that just happened in Napoli's
how has that affected you it was in
Southern Maryland and you know the one
thing my main thought on it was we were
lucky it was just a handgun versus a
semi-automatic and that was why the
death toll was low compared to the mass
shootings with the mass casualties that
we've seen elsewhere so for better or
worse it seems like you know at least if
they only have access to a handgun
versus semi automatics
you're not losing as many people which
is common sense all right what are you
hoping will come out of the March today
just that it will motivate more people
to vote in the midterm elections and
hopefully make a major change for the
midterms as well as 2020 my name is
Kavya Paiva I'm originally from Peru but
I come from when Marilyn wait in high
school
yeah Lucia from Argentina originally but
we both teaching with on high school
MCPS why are you guys here today what
was that why are you guys here today um
because we don't want to fear for our
lives when we go to work we want to
teach without thinking that we may not
go back home
yes I I'm here because I love I am
passionate about education passionate
about teaching not carried I got not
being a fearful like my called excited
people about not going back to school
but my home and it's a reality sadly
yeah we definitely don't want to carry
guns in our schools makes a cop your
first and then and what do you guys
hoping will come out of the March today
really common sense gun reform I mean it
should this talk should have been years
ago centrist ago we shouldn't it's sad
