this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and i'm airman che
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
the New York State Department of
Taxation and Finance has opened an
investigation of President Trump for
fraud and tax evasion following a major
expose by the New York Times New York
City Mayor Bill DeBlasio has also called
for a City probe and Democratic Senator
Ron Wyden has urged the IRS to
investigate the president
The Times revealed Trump inherited much
of his family's wealth through tax
dodgers and outright fraud receiving at
least 413 million dollars in
inflation-adjusted dollars that is from
his father's real estate empire the
times 13,000 word investigative report
found the late Fred and Mary Trump
transferred more than 1 billion dollars
in wealth to their children and much of
it to Donald Trump paying less than 5%
of the 550 million dollars in taxes they
should have under inheritance tax rates
as part of a scheme to reduce taxes
Donald Trump also helped his parents
undervalue real estate holdings by
hundreds of millions of dollars in IRS
tax returns the New York Times also
reports Trump earned 200 thousand
dollars a year in today's dollars from
his father's companies beginning at the
age of 3 with a salary that increased to
1 million dollars a year after Trump
graduated college into five million
dollars a year when Trump was in his 40s
over the years Trump has repeatedly
portrayed himself as a self-made
billionaire whose only headstart was a
small loan of a million dollars he would
say from his father it's not been easy
for me it has not been easy for me and
you know I I started off in Brooklyn my
father gave me a small loan of a million
dollars I came into Manhattan and I had
to pay him back and I had to pay him
back with interest he used to say Donald
don't go into Manhattan that's the big
leagues we don't know anything about
that don't do it I said dad I got to go
into Manhattan I got to build those big
buildings I built what I built myself
and I did it
working long hours and working hard and
working smart more importantly than
anything else is by using my own brain
and there was a point where I was making
so much so fast and it was so easy that
I almost got bored and it's true I got a
very very small loan from my father many
years ago
I built that into a massive empire and I
paid my father back that loan on
Wednesday President Trump attacked the
New York Times he tweeted quote the
failing New York Times did something
I've never seen done before they used
the concept of quote time value of money
in doing a very old boring and often
told hit piece on me
added up this means that 97% of their
stories on me are bad never recovered
from bad election call he tweeted The
Times article was based on public
records as well as tens of thousands of
confidential documents including bank
statements financial audits accounting
Ledger's cash disbursement reports
invoices canceled checks the documents
include more than 200 tax returns of the
late Fred Trump but do include the
president's personal they don't include
the president's personal tax returns
which he's refused to release White
House press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders responded to the article during
Wednesday's press briefing I'm not gonna
sit and go through every single line of
a very boring 14,000 word story the only
thing I will say one thing the article
did get ride was that it showed that the
president's father actually had a great
deal of confidence in him in fact the
president brought his father into a lot
of deals they made a lot of money
together so much so that his father went
on to say that everything he touched
turned to gold
the president's lawyer addressed some of
the specific claims and walked through
how the allegations of fraud and tax
evasion are 100% false and highly
defamatory there was no fraud or tax
evasion by anyone he went on much
further and I would encourage you to
read every word of his statement which
completely undercuts the accusations
made by the New York Times we're joined
right now by David Barstow the
three-time Pulitzer Prize winning
investigative reporter for The New York
Times lead author on this new
investigation revealing the original
source of President
Trump's wealth David Barstow shares a
byline with Suzanne Craig and Russ
Buettner on the New York Times exclusive
Trump engaged in suspect tax schemes as
he reaped
riches from his father welcome to
Democracy Now so you have been attacked
by the White House for what you've done
the piece they call old and boring tell
us first I mean this is a massive piece
which is being reissued on Sunday is
that right by the New York Times many
page piece headline Trump took part in
suspect schemes to evade tax bills talk
about how you found this information and
what were your key findings David well
first how we found it was kind of the
old-fashioned way it was going to court
houses scouring public records knocking
on a lot of doors
and gradually over many months piecing
together building this trove of
documents over a hundred thousand pages
by the time we were ready to publish and
and I think most significantly in terms
of being for people to be able to assess
this story it's important to know that
this includes literally tens of
thousands of pages of never-before-seen
documentation of the actual inner
workings of Fred Trump's real estate
empire but those documents if I could
just interrupt briefly those were
confidential records so you wouldn't
have gotten those from the public yeah
you only get those by knocking on a lot
of doors what doors did you knock on I'm
not going to talk about good try
talk about your major findings
particularly what you say is this
illegal transfer of wealth so I think
there's two core findings one is simply
that the the the narrative that Donald
Trump has sold to the public for many
decades now the thing that made him
famous that gave him political
power in that ultimately I think was a
central focus of his presidential
campaign as this narrative that he is a
self-made billionaire and what this
story really reveals is the extent to
which that just simply doesn't square
with the facts that are uncovered and
that we show in this story so that's
sort of I think point number one point
number two is not only did he receive
four hundred and thirteen million
dollars from his father not only did he
receive another 140 million in today's
dollars in loans from his father but
that that amount the amount of money was
significantly increased by a series of
tax schemes that the tax experts that we
consulted with in our reporting laying
this out to them said this these things
go way beyond the normal tax avoidance
strategies that wealthy sophisticated
people will employ in any event to lower
their tax building these were this was a
set of maneuvers that were actually
intended to deceive the IRS about the
value of things that were being given
from Fred and Mary Trump to Donald Trump
in his siblings I think those are the
two main points that you know there's a
huge amount of money flowing not just
when he was a young man but actually
throughout Donald Trump's life
especially when he was in financial
difficulties especially when he was
taking on new projects and that that
river of money was fed very much so by
tax evasion tax dodges tax evasion and
tax dodgers and we're gonna find out
just what those were we're speaking to
three-time Pulitzer prize-winning
journalist David Barstow has just been
attacked by the White House for this
massive expose in The New York Times
about how Donald Trump gained his wealth
in the New York Times expose on Trump's
tax prime
the reporters reference several
reporters who did groundbreaking work on
Trump's finances one of them was the
late Wayne Barrett who wrote the book
Trump the deals and the downfall
he appeared on Democracy Now in June
2016 and said Fred Trump's financial
support of Donald Trump was quote
unbelievably crucial in Donald's rise to
prominence when he opened his first
office in Manhattan the rent was paid by
his father's company out here in Avenue
Z in Brooklyn and everything that he did
when whether it be the Grand Hyatt the
Grand Hyatt for example to get the
financing he got the financing from two
banks that his father had used used his
father's relationship banker and the
father had to sign the financing
agreements I mean they're not gonna give
a 30 year old kid 35 million dollars in
1978 to build a hotel it has to be done
with Fred's
resources and Fred Trump was a great
outer-borough builder and really built
good housing 20,000 units totally all
over Queens all over Brooklyn some of
them towers like Trump Village many of
them single-family homes that he had a
great reputation as a builder he was
politically wired as his son was I mean
they played a political game both of
them expertly but Fred Trump was
indispensable I mean even Trump Tower
which comes along later in Donald's
career could not have been done without
Fred coming in and supporting the
financing of it when he opened his first
casino in Atlantic City when he when he
bought the first properties the lease
holds for the first properties for Trump
Plaza his casino in Atlantic City Fred
rode down in the limo with him and
signed all the leasehold documents
nobody was going to be financing this
kid developer Kidd casino operator it
was Fred it was the key to all of it
it's so ridiculous for him to call
himself a self-made guy when
fred's was critical at the political and
- I mean everything that came the Donald
came through political connections and
there were political connections forged
by his father over decades with Brooklyn
politicians he came from the same
political club as the then mayor of New
York a beam and when they had to get an
option for the Grand Hyatt and for the
Westside yards from a bankrupt railroad
in Philadelphia pencil and the people
who were selling the assets of the
bankrupt railroad wanted to make sure
that the option that they gave they were
giving it to a developer who would
actually develop because that's when the
real payment comes to the railroad and
so they came up from Philadelphia and
Fred Trump greets them and Fred and
Donald get them in a limo and take them
down the City Hall and there's a beam
standing on the steps of City Hall
anything you want we'll give you so this
is totally a byproduct of Fred's
relationship that's a great reporter
Wayne Barrett who dogged President Trump
Donald Trump who long before he was
president for decades and of course
wrote a book about him Juan Gonzalez and
I went to his house to interview him
just before he died David Barstow you're
a three-time Pulitzer Prize winning
journalist Wayne of course one of your
colleagues over the decades you cite him
in your piece he's giving us some sense
of who Fred Trump was but go back to the
beginning and talk about baby Trump
that's baby Donald Trump and how he
started to accrue this wealth something
very different than he is told yeah so
how does a three-year-old end up making
$200,000 a year that's a good question
here's how it worked
Fred Trump you know Wayne is absolutely
right that he was a really great builder
in the outer boroughs but much of his
building was actually made possible
through federal housing subsidies he was
actually one of the
country's biggest recipients of cheap
building loans basically made possible
by the federal government and he used 26
million dollars or so of those cheap
loans to build two of his biggest
apartment complexes in New York a place
called Beach Haven and another place
called Shore Haven both out in Brooklyn
these are massive massive apartment
complexes thousands and thousands of
units and and so he is building those in
the late 40s and what he did was
something quite clever he he he
he put the land underneath the buildings
into a trust and made his children the
beneficiaries of that trust and then he
had the companies his companies that
were actually building the buildings on
top of the land signed 99-year leases to
pay rent to the landlords his young
children and so what that meant was that
Donald Trump starting at age 3 was Fred
Trump's landlord he was collecting rent
payments from Fred Trump's companies and
it was this kind of maneuver right
setting up the sort of mechanisms these
financial mechanisms that would just
kind of create this automatic streams of
money that which is sort of month by
month by month would trickle into trust
accounts or into partnerships and find
their way ultimately into the the
pockets of his children Fred Trump was
just genius at coming up with new ways
new revenue streams to funnel into the
pockets of his children so he didn't
just make his children
his landlord he also made his children
his banker he made Donald Trump not just
didn't just put him on the salary as a
vice president of Fred Trump's companies
he also then paid him separately to be
his consultant he paid him separately to
be a property manager he played him paid
him separately to be a purchasing agent
and on and on and on it went and in the
course
of all as we gathered up all of this the
records from inside of his fret Trump's
real-estate Empire we started counting
up how many how many different revenue
streams has he created for Donald Trump
through the years and we got up to 295
that's what we counted what we were able
to document some of these things you
know they weren't in and of themselves
big money like for example Fred Trump
funneled the laundry revenue from his
buildings to to Donald that's not a lot
of money but when you sort of start
aggregating it putting it all together
it's this just this mighty endless River
of money flowing constantly into the
bank accounts of Donald Trump I mean one
of the things that you do in your piece
is you give a very strong sense of the
extent to which Fred Trump seemed to
have a special relationship with Donald
Trump because you explained that so much
of the money accrued to Donald Trump as
against his other children so you know
what did you learn about why that would
be the case and also that the principle
illegality I mean what you spoke of of
Beach Haven and Shore Haven the
responsibility for that is Fredd Trump's
and is it actually technically illegal
what he did so in that transaction
there's nothing illegal about that
transaction that we've uncovered that's
not what I'm that's not the point that
I'm trying to make there that's an
example though of one of the many
different ways that Fred Trump was
enriching Donald Trump starting from a
very early age and continuing on up
forward you're you're you're I'm sorry
the other point was a question about the
relationship between Fred and Donald
because why did he give so much money to
so he Fred Trump had an older son Fred
Trump jr. who initially was kind of
going to be the heir apparent right and
Fred Trump was interested in you know he
he he really wanted to pass this dynasty
on
to to to one of his children and Fred
jr. was sort of the first kind of
natural heir apparent as the oldest son
but he didn't have the passion for the
business he had other interests
he liked to fly airplanes he loved music
he he Fred Trump the father considered
Fred Trump the son to be a little too
soft a little too nice and before long
it became clear that he was not going to
be the heir apparent the heir apparent
was going to be Donald Trump and Donald
Trump was very aware of his father's
disapproval of Fred jr. he witnessed
this Fred could senior could be quite
cruel and I think what we see in terms
of this is really from the interviews
with people who work closely with Fred
Trump you could they witnessed this
young man Donald Trump sort of watching
what had happened to Fred jr. and almost
forming himself into Fred juniors
opposite if Fred junior was soft too
nice well Donald was going to be a shark
he was going to be a killer
so that that I think is sort of at the
core of this father-son relationship
which is very much what this story is
about it is about a father-son
relationship these two men were
extraordinarily close Donald Trump said
we quote him that he felt that he knew
his father better than anybody else in
the world in and they they they talked
daily they spent you know many a weekend
together they were in constant
communication Donald Trump was a
constant presence when Fred Trump would
have strategy sessions with his his top
lawyers his top accountants figuring out
what his next moves were Fred Trump was
often this sort of silent lurking
presence at Donald Trump's big flashy
press conferences and so they were this
there was a it was more than
to father-son relationship it was also a
partnership
you
