this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world in a stunning upset and the
biggest surprise of the primary season
this year 28 year-old Democratic
Socialist Rahan Dara Ocasio Cortez has
beat out a 10th term incumbent
representative Joe Crowley in New York
Crowley is the fourth ranking Democrat
in the house and he'd out raised Akasha
Cortes by 10 to one margin Crowley was
widely viewed as a possible future House
speaker yet Ocasio Cortes defeated him
after running a progressive grassroots
campaign that advocated Medicare for all
and the abolition of ice the Immigration
and Customs Enforcement Agency just days
before the primary she left New York
City to go to tamiya Texas to protest
family separation at the border nearly
70% of Acacio Cortez's campaign funds
came from individual contributions under
$200 this is Alexandra Acacio Cortes
reacting to the news of her win live on
New York one when she looked up at the
TV screen Tuesday night how are you
feeling can you put it into words nope
all right
[Applause]
cannot believe these numbers right now
but I do know that every single person
here has worked their butt off to change
the future this victory belongs to every
single grassroots organizer every
working parent every mom every elder
member of the LGBTQ community every
single person is responsible for this
that was Alexandra Cassio Cortez
celebrating her stunning win against
Democratic incumbent representative Joe
Crowley she is the daughter of a Puerto
Rican mother and a bronx born father the
intercept reports that she worked as a
waitress and bartender after graduation
to supplement her mother's income as a
house cleaner and bus driver a viral
campaign ad of Ocasio cortezes feet
featured her saying women like me aren't
supposed to run for office it's time to
fight for New York that working families
can afford
that's why I'm running for Congress this
race is about people versus
we've got people they've got money it's
time we acknowledge that not all
Democrats are the same that a Democrat
who takes corporate money profits off
foreclosure doesn't live here doesn't
send his kids to our schools doesn't
drink our water or breathe our air
cannot possibly represent us
what the Bronx and queens needs is
medicare-for-all tuition free public
college a federal jobs guarantee and
criminal justice reform we can do it now
it doesn't take 100 year
to do this it takes political courage a
New York for the many is possible
if Alexandria Acacio Cortez defeats
Republican candidate Anthony Pappas in
November she will be the youngest person
in Congress we spoke to Ella Alexandre
Castel Cortez just before the broadcast
he or she is talking about her historic
win earlier this morning thank you and
thank you guys so much for having me
can you talk about your response last
night the picture has become iconic when
you looked up at the TV screen and saw
that you are not only go ahead but far
ahead talk about your reaction and what
is your platform yeah well you know I
had not checked the results in that
moment I was not even following them to
that room honestly I was so nervous the
the ground had felt so great but I
didn't want to underestimate the power
of the Machine and so I just saw all
these people celebrating and I ran
inside and apparently I ran right into a
camera set and I looked up at the screen
and I saw that yeah not only were we
ahead but that we were we had a
double-digit victory and it was just
astounding it was unbelievable Alexandra
can you tell us for many of the viewers
and listeners who have haven't heard of
you didn't know about your campaign tell
us about the main planks that you
campaigned on across the district yes we
ran on an unapologetically progressive
campaign that included improved and
expanded Medicare for all a federal jobs
guarantee a green new deal justice for
Puerto Rico the abolishment of ice and
so much more and I think that at the end
of the day in our community and the
Bronx and queens we have been waiting
and we have been wanting a message of
economic social and racial justice for a
very long time Joe Crowley the
Democratic Congress member you v10 term
Congress member I would spent you by
what 10 to 1 yeah something like that
and yet you won and even on the day
before the election you were down at the
border you are not in your district talk
about
the decision you made then why you feel
that is so important what's happening
there right now the moral character of
the United States is on the line and we
do not have the option or the luxury of
time to wait or a response for when it's
convenient I think that we all really
need to be occupying every border every
protest and as every passageway and
bearing witness to what is happening and
also fighting for this for the
reunification of every single child
separated from their parents and I
wanted to ask you Joe Crowley has been a
powerful figure in New York City
politics now for years but many of
political observers were well aware that
his district was an overwhelmingly
Latino population district and we're
wondering when it would result in a
change in terms of leadership talk about
not only the importance of your race for
progressives but also for the Latino
community now because you are you would
become if elected in November the fourth
Latino Congress person from New York
City yeah yeah well I think that it's
it's profoundly important our
communities all communities in the
United States deserve representation in
Congress and it wasn't just about you
know having in a representative and
ethnic representative but also having a
policy representative and that's why you
know I was proud to run a campaign that
was I think one of the strongest
campaigns for advocacy for Puerto Rico
and as well as immigration reform so I
think that those voices and those
positions are badly needed in Congress
today and I look forward to kind of
assuring an era of greater
representation and diversity not just in
an identity but also on policy in
Congress
you are Alexandria a Democratic
Socialist a member of the Democratic
socialists of America what does that
mean to you and can you also talk about
having worked for Bernie Sanders what
his campaign is meant and the example
you're using absolutely well for me one
of the things that that democratic
socialism means
that in a in a modern society where we
have the resources and the capacity to
ensure that every person can can be duly
educated can have access to health care
and to that we can afford and and have
the ability to house people in our
economy sedima more that a moral society
guarantees a basic level of dignity for
people in the United States in America
and that's what that's what that means
to me that's what my values are as far
as the Sanders campaign I think that
what the Sanders campaign and and
working on the Sanders campaign did for
me was that it showed that at a
grassroots movement is still possible in
the United States and I organized on the
Sanders campaign in the Bronx and in
knocking on those doors two years ago I
knew that that our community was ready
for this change and I believe that you
know we really needed to have that
representation that dignity and
representation that was not compromised
by corporate interest so that we could
fully advocate for working families and
of course your victory is a stunner
across the country but also another
fellow organizer in the Sanders campaign
Ben Jealous as you know that have heard
also won the the primary a Democratic
primary in Maryland in the race for
governor have you heard it all from Ben
Jealous at all in the last up in the
last 12 13 hours I have not that's not
to say that they haven't reached out
honestly I have 500 text messages in my
phone but I greatly greatly look forward
to a governor jealous because it is so
badly what we need for our future
Alexandria Ocasio or Cortes if you are
elected to Congress you will be the
youngest woman ever elected talk about
mother's day talk about the moment you
walked into your opponent's headquarters
and challenged him to a debate and what
that meant yeah well you know we were
being ignored and our campaign was being
ignored but moreover I had felt like the
community was badly wanted a debate the
community badly wanted to have the
experience of a full democracy and a
full primary which included a robust you
know a robust conversation between both
candidates and so I I hadn't even it
wasn't in the plan but we were knocking
doors in the area and I entered the
corner and my opponents office was there
and so I just decided to walk in and and
ask for a debate and to his credit he
did agree to one on New York one and we
were able to provide that experience and
that conversation not just on television
but ultimately we also had one to be one
local community debate in Queens and and
it was still lively and the people here
in New York that have not had a primary
in 14 years I think really cherished the
opportunity to speak and see their
leadership debate right in front of them
Alexandra Castillo Cortez you talked
about justice for Puerto Rico what does
that look like I think first and
foremost it we have to support the
Marshall Plan in front of Congress right
now for Puerto Rico we need to ensure
that we not just have a sustainable
recovery but a community led recovery in
which all of our resources aren't
necessarily just being privatized
through the same corporations and Wall
Street funders that manufactured the
crisis to begin with I think that what
we need to do is reexamine the that talk
about lifting the merchant marine tax
talk about entities the colonial state
of porto rico that has led to the the
economics you know subjugation of the
people there and the second-class
citizenship of Puerto Ricans in the
United States I wanted to actually you
grew up in the Bronx but when you left
after finishing college you went to work
back in in your community in early
childhood education but you talked about
your experiences there and how that's
shaped your
you of what uh what federal policy
should be when it comes to education
well I think we I mean coming from an
educational background we know that
early childhood is so formative and
critical to the destinies of young
children in the South Bronx and any
community that that is dealing with
intergenerational poverty and so what we
know is that not just when we invest in
children but when we invest in the
prosperity of their families those
parents aren't working two jobs in order
to support their children and that
they're able to to really provide for
their families in one dignified form of
employment they spend that time they
spend more of that time with their kids
they spend more of that time investing
not just in their own families but also
in their own schools and if we are going
to really transform the destinies of
children and places like the Bronx we
need to make sure that their parents are
taken care of and that the schools are
fully funded Alexandria your victory is
being called the biggest upset of the
Democratic Party this election season
you are rocking this country what do you
say to the Democratic leadership and to
President Trump who tweeted big Trump
hater Congressman Joe Crowley who many
expected was going to take Nancy
Pelosi's place just lost his primary
election in other words he's out that is
a big one that nobody saw happening
perhaps he should have been nicer and
more respectful to his resident
certainly not what you were no no and I
think you know as I try not to engage in
in president tweet talks but what I will
say is that he's probably in more
trouble now so that's as far as that
goes as far as the party I think that
this is a really profound and amazing
opportunity for us to really refocus on
the needs of working-class Americans and
the most vulnerable in the United States
because when we stand up for them then
they will stand up for themselves and we
will all you know we will all have a
collective power first to clarify human
you said that Crowley participated in a
debate with you
the corporate networks they're saying
that he were refused what he didn't show
up at a debate was that a second debate
yeah he did not show up to the initial
debate he there were three local
community debates he had skipped the
first two and after an editorial from
the New York Times kind of speaking to
that he he did show up to the very last
one maybe a couple of days before the
election we want to thank you very much
for being with us we know you are on a
very busy schedule right now what
message do you have to candidates around
the country and to people in this
country Democrat Republican Socialist
green independent as you have come out
of this primary victory well I think
that our democracy is opening right now
and that the possibility for any
candidate especially those that are not
accepting corporate funds as frankly
many different parties that there's a
great moment in our country right now
and that to keep pushing even when
things seem like such a long shot to at
least stick it through and see it
through Election Day because truly
honestly anything can happen
Alexandra Acacio Cortez
twenty-eight-year-old Democratic
Socialist who beat out ten term
incumbent Congress member Joe Crowley in
New York this is an upset that has been
rocking the country the biggest upset in
this election season
you
