[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part 2 of our
discussion with Beatrice Fenn Beatrice
Fenn who heads up the international
campaign to abolish nuclear weapons was
in Oslo last year receiving the Nobel
Peace Prize for her organization well
today we look at nuclear weapons on the
planet we'll start off by focusing on
North Korea where Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo met with North Korean leader
Kim jong-un Sunday for nearly three
hours and talks meant two further steps
toward nuclear disarmament they said
Pompeo held the meeting in Pyongyang as
a success saying both sides are pretty
close to agreeing on details for a
second summit between Kim jong-un and
president Donald Trump he told reporters
Kim has agreed to let international
inspectors into a North Korean missile
engine test facility and a nuclear
testing site where the country conducted
its six nuclear tests beatrice fen
thanks so much for staying with us for
part two of this discussion the
international campaign to abolish
nuclear weapons is one of the preeminent
organizations in the world dealing with
nuclear weapons this issue of
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
I don't know if that's what either came
drunk on your president Trump is pushing
for but what would that look like well
that means you know all parts of the
conflict will have to do something not
just North Korea
South Korea is a part of a military
alliance with the United States where
they have the right to request nuclear
weapons to be used on behalf of South
Korea and in order to truly denuclearize
the whole Korean Peninsula both North
and South Korea are involved in that
process and right now the only way to do
that is that exists this sort of pathway
is the treaty on the prohibition of
nuclear weapons
because if if North Korea joins this
treaty it will mean that they will have
to verifiably with the time-bound sort
of plan dismantle their weapons and
invite international inspectors to
verify that and South Korea would have
to commit to not be a part of military
exercises with nuclear weapons
we crest the use of nuclear weapons and
not assist on the with the use of
nuclear weapons
so the treaty is a way to get both of
these countries to commit something so
the treaty and the prohibition of
nuclear weapons is not very well known
in the United States perhaps because the
United States is not a signatory so
you're saying North Korea would have to
be a signatory what about the United
States well the United States will
obviously be a part of these
negotiations as well but their
participation isn't necessary in order
to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula
there are no US nuclear weapons there
but they would have to of course work
with South Korea to stop threatening to
use nuclear weapons on North Korea it's
South Korea's signatory no not yet
how many countries are signatory about
70 countries have joined so far with
more countries coming in what exactly
does it mean this treaty it means that
you are prohibited from using developing
possessing nuclear weapons
you can't station nuclear weapons on
their territory you can't be a part of
assisting the use of nuclear weapons and
I think that's where you you look into
countries like South Korea for example
they cannot be requesting the United
States to use nuclear weapons on behalf
of South Korea so it is a very
comprehensive prohibition very similar
to the prohibitions on chemical and
biological weapons banning a whole
category or weapons of mass destruction
what is the difference between the
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the
treaty on the prohibition of nuclear
weapons not to mention the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty
well this is the nuclear weapons field
but many acronyms and complicated things
the test ban treaty prohibits testing so
you can no longer test nuclear weapons
but it doesn't address the existing
nuclear weapons or the threats to use
nuclear weapons it doesn't address the
use of nuclear weapons so a country like
the United States or Russia who have the
you know 7000 nuclear weapons each can
stop testing but still have them and
that's the danger with North Korea now
that we will only go for the testing of
nuclear weapons sort of allowing them to
keep their and kind of solidifying their
status as a nuclear-armed States as
that's that's good enough in a way but
it's a very inconsistent way of looking
at nuclear weapons because we can't just
prevent the spread of it and and
acknowledging that
these countries will always have them
because that will use encourage further
sprint of them so you have to also look
at the possession and the development
and the use of nuclear weapons and
that's what the treaty on the
prohibition of nuclear weapons do so
where does the u.s. stand in all this
and is really I mean Trump is very
belligerent when it comes to these
issues but is he that different than
President Obama it was in many ways the
way Trump tweets about nuclear weapons
is the essence of deterrence that has
you know governed the US policy on
nuclear weapons in the essence of
deterrence yeah it's you know if if you
if you do something to me I will totally
destroy your country totally destroy the
entire world I wouldn't this for all of
us so this is mad mutual Assurance the
whole principle behind nuclear weapons
it's just a Trump's asset he tweets it
there's no finesse so eloquent z22 this
and that makes people quite scared but
in reality that is what nuclear weapons
are they are meant to mass murder
civilians and they have been so under
Clinton under Bush and Obama under Trump
then of course he is now developing new
types of nuclear weapons and and
increasing the spending on nuclear
weapons these low yield more usable
nuclear weapons which means of course
that that increases the risk also his
language the way he threatens with them
increases uncertainty obviously concerns
countries like North Korea which can
trigger accidental use misunderstandings
miscalculations so obviously the
situation right now is much more hostile
and worse but as long as nuclear weapons
exist the risk will always be there who
profits from the development of nuclear
weapons the weapons producers we had
there are companies that are involved
private companies that are involved in
producing this with huge contracts
conditioner companies like Boeing
Lockheed Martin Airbus they produce the
missiles to produce these kind of things
as huge business and in many ways we are
very we forget about that Honeywell
first simply makes our air conditioners
but it also produces nuclear weapons and
I think that that's also one of the ways
that we are using this treaty to
influence we've seen very successful in
other treaties launching divestment
campaigns for
while getting our banks my pension fund
to stop lending money to nuclear weapons
business I don't want my money to go to
building weapons of mass destructions so
I think that we have a chance to wither
without the US president on board this
treaty we have a lot of opportunities to
to pressure the producers of this what
are countries that you see as the model
well we have countries that have given
up nuclear weapons for example South
Africa is a prime example it was a
pariah state under the apartheid regime
they developed nuclear weapons they had
them and then decided to change course
get rid of their nuclear weapons
dismantle their programs and become a
champion country for this treaty they
are the ones to have been in a leading
position
you also have countries like New Zealand
with a very strong sort of traditional
anti-nuclear weapons rhetoric looking at
the impact in the Pacific of the testing
they know what nuclear weapons are like
they know what they do to people your
country like Ireland for example who's
been also champion the NPT and this
treaty looking at these multilateral
solutions to global problems so you have
a lot of countries that are our leaders
in this fight
Beatrice how did you get involved with
the whole fight against nuclear weapons
kind of by accident I mean obviously I
was have always been very passionate
about human rights equality justice and
those kind of issues and at first I
thought the nuclear weapons I came
across at the university I thought it
was a very boring in Sweden yes very
outdated issue no longer relevant do we
even have them anymore I think a lot of
people growing up today
forget that we have them but then
looking at them and seeing how it's a
part of a kind of a colonial you know
racist power dynamics a few countries
have decided that they have the power to
end us all and you know the rest of the
world has nothing to say about that and
in a way the treaty on the prohibition
group is it's kind of like a revolution
and we're getting the majority of people
to stand up against the powerful few and
demand changed and not waiting for
permission from them to do it can you
talk about the countries that are
aspiring to have nuclear weapons we
talked about North Korea what about
Saudi Arabia well yeah there's all these
kind of
suspicions about this it's it's hard to
know exactly what what is a serious sort
of attempt to developing nuclear weapons
and what is just you know making sure
that they have the whole nuclear fuel
cycle in case in the future but I think
is looking at North Korea we've seen
that the one of the poorest countries in
the world least developed develop
nuclear weapons it's it's not that I
mean it's difficult to develop nuclear
weapons but it's not that difficult if a
country wants to have them they can have
them so we cannot stop every country
from having something that gives them
power and prestige forever so I think
that's the key to this issue to remove
the power and prestige from the clip-ons
no one is afraid of Syria because they
have chemical weapons it doesn't give
them prestige or influence or make them
decide everything in the world but we've
just attributed all these values to
nuclear weapons in a way seeing them as
some kind of ticket to the big boys club
in the way you get a big summit and
handshakes with the American presidents
if you have them and I think we need we
need a challenge that so that we can
stop other countries from having it's
the treaty and the prohibition healthier
weapons what is it like to negotiate it
and how important is the u.s. in its not
becoming a signatory and what it does
still being involved with fighting it
well we it was a long process at the
United Nations of course with lots of
late nights and hammering over coma
science and paragraphs and this
rechanneling during what year 2017 so
last year and this was what we were
receiving the Nobel Peace Prize for this
this treaty and the work that we're done
with it but it was also very remarkable
achievement you know getting over 120
governments to agree to this text and
getting them to commit to never under
any circumstances develop use or possess
nuclear weapons that's a huge
accomplishment and the countries with
nuclear weapons in the United States UK
China Russia France they have actively
tried to stop this treaty from the
beginning and these are the richest most
powerful countries well they are pulling
their allies away they are threatening
bullying you see countries like France
for example putting a lot of pressure on
their former colonies you see the
contract the u.s. bullying their
European countries very much saying that
you know
we'll throw you out of NATO if you join
this treaty so it's obviously made it
difficult to work in this treaty but at
the same time it's a huge recognition of
how powerful this instrument they are
not happy with just not signing it they
know that when it exists it will impact
them with or without their permission to
sign it so in a way we see that their
opposition and they're very aggressive
work against it is a sign of its
effectiveness they would not fight us so
hard if they didn't think that this
treaty mattered
you mentioned autonomous weapons can you
talk about the dangers what are fully
autonomous weapons well these are sort
of the next generation after drones
where algorithms will decide how the
weapon is being used with no human in
control and these are the development
and research right now and some people
say that that will make warfare better
safer you know robots and computer
algorithms are less biased in humans but
it also creates a huge amount of risks
for accidents mistakes ethical and moral
that I'm illegal dilemmas who's
responsible if a robot murders a
civilian the programmer the robot itself
do we put the robot in prison
it's very also to do dehumanizes warfare
and it can have a far sort of impact on
the way we carry out military operations
so is doing this all the developed
countries are doing sort of research on
this and and you know obviously the
United States and Russia and China
looking into these kind of things and
it's on the horizon and it will come
very quickly I think we're standing in
front of a huge revolution in military
affairs with AI and technology and when
you kind of explain AI artificial
intelligence and when you couple that
with nuclear weapons a weapon created in
1945 with that kind of mindset and that
impact these two things don't go
together and the risks of something
going wrong are horrific just a few
weeks ago we had the 20th anniversary of
stanislav petrov the man who saved the
world there's Russian our Soviet missile
there who disobeyed orders and did not
launch the counter-attack of nuke
weapons when he saw
his computer system in the eighties
incoming missiles wait you know it start
from the beginning and tell us the story
yeah it's really interesting so in in
the 80s there was a command center in
Soviet missile Air received incoming
information from his computer system
about incoming US nuclear missiles I
think eight of them this will be
devastating and his orders were to
launch a counter-attack or to give the
notice to the military to launch a
counter-attack and he disobeyed his
orders because he felt that something
was wrong
this didn't make sense that the timing
the number of missiles something is not
really accurate so he just waited and
hoped that he was right that his gut
feeling was right and it turns out that
it was sun rays reflecting on a
satellite there were no missiles and if
that would have been a algorithm all the
signs would say fire so when you mix
these kind of things and this is not the
first time we've had a human stop
something in the past so when you mix
these things you are opening up for a
huge sort of just change in how we are
how we behave and and we are no longer
able to predict what will happen and if
there's something the nuclear weapons
absolutely need is sort of predictable
behavior that's the whole basis of
deterrence so with the international
system changing very rapidly the dangers
of the use of nuclear weapons will
exponentially increase when Donald Trump
is elected president the stock of
weapons manufacturers just soared as the
private person companies but can you
talk about how these weapons companies
fight you I mean almost like I assume
countries yeah absolutely I mean these
they invest very heavily also in in
research and dominating the discussion
and we've gotten very complacent around
nuclear weapons just accepting it and
that's everything from media to the
academics to the way people just show
their shoulders yeah well deterrence it
works I mean there's no evidence that
that it works or that it will all
works and you don't really talk about
what happens the day it doesn't work
when we have these huge catastrophic
scenarios where nucleus are used so
obviously they fund research they fund
these kind of conversations they
obviously are very close to politicians
here in the United States and around the
world making sort of very intentionally
trying to portray any disarmament
conversation as naive idealistic hippie
radical left-wing nothing to care about
we are the realists there's a lot of
also gendered sort of connotations in
this you know we are the rational
realists that need to have these weapons
and anyone who wants to negotiate or
disarm or the feminine can a weak naive
will make us less safe under no
circumstances is threatening to mass
murder civilians a sign of safety and
security
originality or rationality this idea
that Trump and Putin like hold us all
hostage is insane when we think about it
but we've created this kind of world
very much funded by the producers in the
countries behind nuclear weapons that
this is just something we all accept you
talk about action from the grassroots
recently Google said it wouldn't pursue
a ten billion dollar pentagon cloud
contract that had to do with artificial
intelligence and weaponry and I think
that very much came from the workers at
Google yeah absolutely I think that's
that's really important steps what we
need cuz in a way this is a cultural
issue more than an actual security issue
we've just accepted this culture of
having nuclear weapons and we need to
hack that and so that's why I think that
regular people have so much more power
and then they think on this issue it can
start with an individual just saying I
don't believe in nuclear weapons I don't
believe that they make us safe just
chips away at the legitimacy of these
weapons and when you have companies and
unions and universities all contributing
to that you will change the mindset and
the politicians will follow I want to go
back in history a very interesting
expose and Sunday the New York Times
published an article headlined
you
general considered nuclear response in
vietnam war cables show the article
begins in one of the darkest moments of
the vietnam war the top american
military commander in saigon activated a
plan in 1968 to move nuclear weapons to
south vietnam until he was overruled by
president lyndon b johnson according to
recently declassified documents cited in
a new history of wartime presidential
decisions the documents reveal a long
secret set of preparations by the
commander General William C Westmoreland
to have nuclear weapons at hand should
American forces find themselves on the
brink of defeat at Khe Sanh one of the
fiercest battles of the war so read the
New York Times on Sunday this was so
interesting being Juris fan absolutely
and it shows how these are not
hypothetical weapons these are real
weapons and the military is planning to
use them and that wasn't based on
deterrence
I mean Vietnam did not have nuclear
weapons this is just based on you know
let's let's cause maximum amount of
damage and harm to people and many times
