State of the Union address President
Trump mentioned the ms-13 gang four
times by name and told the story of the
two young teenage girls who were
murdered by members of the gang in Long
Island let's go to that part of the
State of the Union for decades open
borders have allowed drugs and gangs to
pour into our most vulnerable
communities they've allowed millions of
low-wage workers to compete for jobs and
wages against the poorest Americans most
tragically they have caused the loss of
many innocent lives here tonight our two
fathers and two mothers
Evelyn Rodriguez Freddie Cuevas
Elisabeth Alvarado and Robert nickens
their two teenage daughters Kayla Cuevas
and Nisa Mickens were close friends
on Long Island but in September 2016 on
the eve of niece's 16th birthday such a
happy time it should have been
neither of them came home these two
precious girls were brutally murdered
while walking together in their hometown
six members of the savage ms-13 gang
have been charged with Kayla and niece's
murders many of these gang members took
advantage of glaring loopholes in our
laws to enter the country
as illegal unaccompanied alien minors
and wound up in Kayla and niece's high
school tonight I am calling on Congress
to finally close the deadly loopholes
that have allowed ms-13 and other
criminal gangs to break into our country
that was President Trump last night as
he talked about young people coming over
the border and joining ms-13 Daniel
Denver is with us from Providence Rhode
Island writer in residence at Harvard
Law School's fair punishment project
last year he wrote an article for the
washing
and Post headlined supporting people
made Central America's gangs more
deportation won't help Daniel welcome to
Democracy Now talk about his one of the
central focuses last night ms-13
I mean political rhetoric around
immigration so often functions to
obscure the reality and history of
immigration the Trump is a rather
extreme case and what is obsessive focus
on ms-13 does
aside from scapegoating and facilitating
the mass criminalization of Latino
immigrants in this country is obscure
the origins and reality of gangs like
ms-13 ms-13 was born in Los Angeles
amidst the refugees fleeing President
Reagan's dirty wars in El Salvador and
became a transnational gang that
ultimately did so much to destabilize El
Salvador precisely because of
deportation policies pursued by
president Trump's predecessors this is a
problem that's American made through and
through so to treat it as though at some
external threat being foisted on
Americans
it not only entirely takes out of
proportion and exaggerate the criminal
threat that ms-13 poses to Americans it
obscures the fact that it's our foreign
policies our military interventions in
our long history that unfortunately well
precedes Donald Trump of mass
deportations and criminalization of
immigrants that created ms-13 in the
first place and talk more about that as
you fully develop it in your piece and
your work even why it's called ms-13 but
to explain that history Daniel yeah so -
alla truk√° was was formed in in LA in
the 1980s older viewers are probably
fully aware and many younger ones as
well that in the 1980s President Reagan
was backing a right-wing government in
El Salvador that was waging a brutal
dirty war against leftist
revolutionaries in that country that
sent huge numbers of refugees fleeing to
the US he also had similar dirty wars in
Guatemala as well as a contra war
against the Sandinistas government in
Nicaragua but in the case of Salvadoran
refugees fleeing to the US Reagan made a
point of denying that they were refugees
because how could his friendly
government in El Salvador be sending
refugees fleeing from their country if
they weren't committing massive human
rights abuses which they were and so
coming in to segregated neighborhoods in
the u.s. where like many poor people of
color in this country they were denied
access to to good jobs and good schools
people gravitated young people
gravitated towards gangs gangs that were
a thoroughly American phenomenon at the
time not one that they were bringing
with them from El Salvador and then in
the 1990s Bill Clinton's harsh IMT
immigrant policy which he was using as
part of his general strategy of
triangulation attempting to placate
rising right-wing anti-immigrant
sentiment to ward off the right and
consolidate white support in advance of
to further to advance his own political
ambitions launched a mass crackdown on
so-called criminal aliens and those same
policies were were followed by George W
Bush and also by Barack Obama and the
result was that enormous numbers of
people have been deported to Central
America including El Salvador some of
them alleged gang members many of them
not but those people being deported back
into El Salvador brought Mara
Salvatrucha and other gangs to that
country and turned what was a homegrown
la phenomenon into a transnational
criminal empire again Trump entirely
exaggerated s' the criminal threat that
ms-13 poses to the US but those gangs
have played a major role in wreaking
incredible violence and destabilization
in Central America in
salvadore and that violence that
destabilization along with us-backed man
Oh Dora crackdowns in the region have
pushed a new generation of refugees to
come to the u.s. and now Trump has the
gall to say that it's this new
generation of refugees young
unaccompanied minors who are a threat to
us as Americans I mean it's it's absurd
it's offensive and it's a you know an
insult to history because US policy has
created ms-13 through and through I
think for Trump it's just a convenient
way to to scapegoat and facilitate the
criminalization of ordinary immigrants
which is something that he's been doing
since he announced his campaign and said
that Mexican immigrants were rapists and
criminals and Maru maravilla pondok your
response to that trajectory he made the
thread that wove through the fabric of
his speech last night young people
coming over the border ms-13 killing
young women in Long Island New York
again it's just plain racist hate
rhetoric that is trying to blame us for
what they would just explain there's
many different reasons why there's
violence in this country he obviously
left aside all the other violence that
why people have generated in this
country a lot of terrorist acts but
majority of them been done by white
people in this country to me is really
really offensive to that he even the way
he described children we actually are
working with a young man in the
detention center in Tacoma he's been
detained he came from El Salvador
precisely escaping gang violence and he
came as a miner and as soon as he turned
18 he was sent to the detention center
he already won his case and the
government the US government decided to
appeal his winning in court in
immigration court and they still kept
him in detention he still detained along
with another
young men that were working with manual
Abrego that won his case also from El
Salvador under the Convention Against
Torture the US government appealed his
case he warned back in November he's
still detained right now in the
detention center so this is just another
way of keeping us in detention making
sure that our bodies are brown and black
bodies are being used for profiteering
for in this case geo group to make more
money and for eyes to claim that they're
supposedly
creating a safe environment for us when
what they're doing is continuing
destroying our cases you talk about
violence I wanted to turn back to Ilhan
Omar Minnesota Minnesota State
Representative the only Somali American
Muslim legislator in the country back in
2016 state representative Omar in
Washington DC you were attacked by a cab
driver who called you Isis and
threatened to rip off your hijab as you
were leaving a policy training at the
White House shortly after the attack he
wrote on Facebook quote the most hateful
derogatory Islamophobic sexist taunts
and threats I have ever experienced I'm
still shaken by this incident and can't
wrap my head around how bold people are
becoming in displaying their hate
towards Muslims if you can talk about
the atmosphere in this country over the
last year I of course I couldn't help
noticing last night in the chamber as
president Trump spoke many of the
African American legislators Congress
members we're wearing African kenta
cloth whether it was scarves or bowties
whether it was ties aloha no Margaret's
I mean the the rhetoric surrounding
Muslims and Islam in in this country has
become a very dangerous one when you
sort of the
human eyes and and you normalize
people's ability to take a violent
action against individuals because they
don't agree with with the God they pray
to or they don't you know we're a
clothing that you might approve it sort
of it starts us down a path that becomes
very dangerous and for a lot of our
young kids in in the schools in
workplaces and and and just like I was
roaming around the streets in in DC
trying to do the work I was elected to
do you you are faced with not only hate
that comes in the form of verbally but
you it gets very physical at times and
and a lot of our communities are living
in fear it's the same thing with what's
happening around the conversation with
immigrants we with with all the lies
that are that are being told by the
President and and the Republicans we we
are forgetting that immigrants in in a
lot of our communities are contributing
economically they are making the
cultures of those communities thrive and
and and they you know are not in in in
that category of criminals solely the
contributors to criminal activity in
this country as the president makes a
scene I mean if we think about our
prison system you know over ten percent
of the American population is imprisoned
and it's less than five percent of them
are immigrants we don't see
conversation and outcry about what to do
when when it comes to weight men who are
being radicalized who are going into our
our schools and our churches and our
movie theaters terrorizing our
communities there isn't a plan
there isn't a conversation there isn't
an outrage I didn't hear a beep from the
president last night about what he plans
to do to keep Americans safe so that
they are able to go see a concert so
that they are able to feel comfortable
well sending their five year olds seven
year olds and and ten year olds to
school and so when we when we are
thinking about what makes America great
what keeps our country safe is is about
having a principled leader who is seen
as someone who cares about and is going
to work in collaboration with with other
world leaders and and and really talk
about the values of this country far too
long I feel like we're letting fear
drive our foreign policy we're letting
fear drive our domestic policy and that
makes us away from the actual values and
and and the the leading of with our
morality that has gotten us to be the
greatest nation in the world
state representative Johanna Omar the
Virginia Democratic congressman Bobby
Scott tweeted wearing Kente cloth to the
so - with my fellow official CBC members
you know Congressional Black Caucus
members to stand in solidarity with
people from you know what countries and
I'm wondering if you very quickly before
we go to break could respond to that
comment as a Somali refugee when
President Trump made that comment about
the continent of Africa talking about
these countries and if it what
kind of blowback did you feel yeah my my
home countries included in that bleep
whole countries and and I am proud I've
never been ashamed of where I come from
and and I and I know that so many people
have appreciated the the fact that
Africa and and many of the countries
within Africa are considered the birth
of civilization and we bring so much
culture and enrichment to to this world
and and it is really important for
people to have conversations about about
that and to not only stand in solidarity
but but to also speak up and speak out
about those kind of vulgar words that
the president might use when we're gonna
go to break and come back to this
roundtable discussion in response to
president Trump's State of the Union
stay with us
