[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez as we
continue our conversation with Stephen
Kinzer part two of that conversation
well Stephen Kinzer I'd like to ask you
about one of to me to my mind
you covered it in your book overthrow
one of the all-time unfair fights in
world history perhaps or one of the most
egregious examples of a large nation
attacking a small nation I'm talking
about the invasion of Grenada in 1985 I
think it was under Ronald Reagan a
country that has maybe one-third of the
population of the Bronx and assaulted by
American troops could you talk about the
invasion of Grenada 8383 is a remarkable
episode as you pointed out so it
happened in 1983 soon after Reagan had
come into office Grenada is a tiny
island in the Caribbean its entire
population could fit into the Rose Bowl
in California that's that's how small it
is but the United States was looking for
a victory Reagan came into office with
this idea that the US had to shake off
what he called the Vietnam syndrome the
syndrome that we were as he called it a
pitiful helpless giant well he wanted to
show that the United States was still
able to crush enemies but as was always
the case during the Cold War we were
never able to strike against our real
enemies nobody ever proposed bombing
Moscow or invading China so we had to go
after countries that weren't really our
enemies but we're smaller and easier to
push around and there hardly was a
country smaller and easier to push
around then poor little Grenada Grenada
had inserted itself into the Cold War
the Grenadian leadership had been
friendly to the Sandinistas in Nicaragua
to Fidel Castro in Cuba and somehow the
United States developed this idea that
this little island could somehow be a
threat to the United States so partly
for that reason but I think largely for
reasons of politics for reasons of
appearance the united states under
reagan decided we're looking for a place
to attack there was turmoil inside
grenada suddenly there was a rebellion
within the ruling group and one of the
groups turned on the other the prime
minister was assassinated and in that
turmoil reagan saw a chance that we
would go in and say we were trying to
rescue the people of grenada save
american citizens who were there and
show that America could still stand
strong in the world
so we invaded obviously the invasion was
predetermined in its outcome but what I
find particularly egregious about this
is what happened afterwards so this is a
tiny little country the United States
could have made it into the jewel of the
Caribbean it's such a small place we
could have made it into a paradise for
nothing for the cost of a toilet seat on
a b-52 bomber so we didn't do that we
just turned away and left and this is so
true with all of our other interventions
you might say we intervene in some
places to overthrow leaders or regimes
that were unfair to their people but we
never tried to impose other ones that
were good we turned our back immediately
and we allow the tyrants that we impose
in places like Iran and Guatemala to do
whatever they want
once we've placed them in power so
Grenada has stumbled along it's not in a
terrible condition but we missed a great
opportunity and that's because once
we've overthrown a government we feel
we're finished we've put in someone we
like we can turn away and look for the
next country so I wanted to turn to
Honduras we talked about it in part one
of this conversation but I wanted to
turn to a conversation that we had with
mil zalaya Mel zalaya who was ousted in
2009 in December we spoke with the
former Honduran president he was ousted
in a us-backed coup and I asked
President Zelaya whether he's suggesting
that the u.s. you know they had just
experienced their own election
Hernandez the incumbent president had
clearly not one right after the election
in fact when they announced who was
ahead it was the competing presidential
candidate then they shut down all
information about the elections before
we knew it they announced Hernandez was
the victor over Nasrallah and that is
playing out to this day with thousands
of people protesting in the streets Mel
zalaya had formed Alliance with
Nasrallah and I asked him are you still
do you still see the u.s. running the
show in Honduras I have no doubt about
it a me and you know why because I was
president at the country and they tried
to run everything and their opposition
is what took me out of power the coup
d'etat against me was planned in Miami
that's the Southern Command so I know
here they run the churches not all of
them not all of the pastor's are all of
the priests but main heads they finance
the main churches evangelical churches
as well not all of them but most of that
money on organ is forbidden they run the
large owners of the media corporations
they feed them a line day after day obey
them because they were trained by them
at the School of the Americas it now has
another name but the Graduate America
private business well if you're gonna be
a business person and make money in a
dress you need to export to the United
States and say you have to have a good
relationship you have to have a visa so
anything the United States says is the
law for the private sector here if they
say go into the abysm they will that's
how the history of this country has been
they run the transnationals private
sector the churches
in media not just here the world major
media conglomerates answer to the US
line so that is the ousted Honduran
president melds Elias speaking just a
few months ago since then the US
ambassador to the United Nations nikki
Haley has visited Honduras and the
president now Hernandez has visited
Guatemala right after which Guatemala
announced that two days after the US
moves its embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem Guatemala will move its
embassy to Jerusalem Stephen Kinzer your
comments well I thought presidents Elias
statements were actually pretty accurate
I wish I could protest against him but I
think he's laid out the situation pretty
clearly Honduras sometimes thought of as
the ultimate Banana Republic and we
certainly treated it that way you know I
we mentioned earlier the overthrow of
President Zelaya in Nicaragua 1909 after
that happened there was one other
liberal leader left in Central America
and that was a guy named Davila in
Honduras so we went in and overthrew him
the next year 1910 since then the United
States has been the overwhelming power
in Honduras what I find especially
interesting and it didn't President
Zelaya didn't get into this in his
interview is the excuse that we used to
support the overthrow of zalaya back in
2009 he was going to call a referendum
in which he would ask whether the
Constitution could be changed to allow
presidential re-election we didn't like
that so we set this coup in motion now
what just happened
the president of Honduras who just got
elected is elected for a second term he
didn't try to change the law he did he
violated it the Constitution says
there's no reelection allowed the
president of Honduras has just been
reelected and the United States has
blessed this as a triumph of democracy
so you can understand why Hondurans are
out in the street upset and how this
feeds into a long century of American
intervention in that poor country and
Stephen Kinzer what about
chillie which we've dealt with numerous
times here on the program the American
role in governing in Chile I want to
just point out one episode in the very
sad and well-known story of what
happened in Chile we all know that the
CIA was deeply involved in the coup that
overthrew the elected government of
Salvador Allende in 1973 but that was
not the first time the u.s. focused on
IND we had also tried to prevent his
election during the ninth in 1970 when
he was first elected president one of
the ways we wanted to be sure that he
wouldn't be elected president is we
wanted to get the commander of the
Chilean army to lead an uprising or to
tell Congress they could not confirm a
yen days election he refused to do that
he had the attitude the military does
not involve itself in politics as a
result we saw him as an obstacle and we
did something that I think is really a
low point or maybe a high point
depending on your point of view in the
history of American intervention we sent
weapons we said ammunition in a
diplomatic pouch from the United States
to our embassy in Santiago and that
night at two o'clock in the morning the
defense attache at the u.s. embassy on a
stark Street handed these weapons over
to anti a nd ex-military people and the
next morning they assassinated the
commander of the Chilean army what was
his sin his sin was to defend the
principle that is absolutely fundamental
to any democracy including American
democracy and that is the military does
not involve itself in politics because
he stuck to that principle and wanted
civilians to decide who the civilian
leader of the country would be we
participated in his assassination this
really was the extreme of American
efforts to shape countries where we
feared governments would soon emerge
that would not support our interests
last question
overthrow America century of regime
change from Hawaii to Iraq
where we are in Iraq and Afghanistan
today as a result of US involvement in
these countries
both of these are Iraq and Afghanistan
are great exemplars of a cliche that
writers sometimes hear we say every
story is either happy or sad depending
on where you end it so if we could have
invaded Afghanistan got rid of the
Taliban and then everything would be
quiet that would have been perfect but
life doesn't work that way history keeps
on happening things have effects on
other things so here we are now sixteen
years into our war in Afghanistan the
military our military is completely out
of ideas they have tried everything
there is no way for victory in
Afghanistan we don't even know what
victory would look like and our own
military and political leaders admit
this nonetheless we're still staying
there pretty soon there'll be kids
eligible Americans eligible to go fight
in Afghanistan who were not even born
when this war began so we are there only
because we don't want to be the ones to
stand up and admit that we weren't we
failed we couldn't succeed in imposing
our project the same thing is happening
in Iraq here I see an even bigger
problem the United States is still
focusing on the Middle East as if our
vital interests our survival depends on
it now we intervened in the Middle East
in an earlier eras for two reasons
keep the Soviet Union out and defend our
vital oil supply links there's no more
Soviet Union and we don't get vital oil
from the Persian Gulf anymore it's time
for us to withdraw from the Middle East
we no longer have vital interests there
what is the difference between a little
more Syrian influence or less Syrian
influence in eastern Turkey whether
parts of Iraq are more Kurdish or less
Kurdish this is not in the vital
interests of the United States it's time
for us to withdraw from that part of the
world let it resolve its own problems we
should have learned by now from Iraq and
our other Middle East adventures that
these adventures never produce any
positive results either for the people
in the region or for us the Middle East
was a vital interest for the United
States for a while for a long time it
hasn't been
our foreign policies don't change as the
world changes we have policies that are
set for a world that doesn't exist
anymore
and this is one of the great problems of
our foreign policy we get into a rut we
get in somewhere we never get out and it
goes back to something I wrote about in
my true flag book it was Henry Cabot
Lodge who said wherever the US flag once
flies I hate to see it taken down what
it means is any country that we ever
invade that we ever interfere in is a
place where we have to stay forever and
as long as we continue to be in that
mindset we're going to be dragged into
these adventures in which we spend our
blood and treasure in countries far away
for purposes that even our own leaders
realize will never be accomplished and
finally the issue that Mel zalaya raised
about the media and its alliance with
the United States in your book true flag
you write that the that the country's
best-known political and intellectual
leaders took sides Theodore Roosevelt
Harry NIR Cabot Lodge and William
Randolph Hearst push for imperial
expansion Mark Twain Booker T Washington
Andrew Carnegie preached restraint what
AM William Hearst have to do with us
William Randolph Hearst was a brilliant
newspaper publisher who arrived in New
York taking over a newspaper from his
father that had a circulation of about
80,000 he built it up in the space of
less than a year to 800,000 how did he
do that he came up with an idea which is
still very valid in journalism today if
you want people to buy a newspaper the
best thing is to have a running story
that is a story that's happening day
after day after day not just a one-time
event that makes people want to buy
newspapers war is the best running story
of all and Hearst realized that if he
could get the United States involved in
some war any war anywhere he could sell
lots of newspapers by coming up with
stories about heroism treason battles
all the archetypes of war so he looked
around the world there was Cuba right
there there was had been upheaval going
on in Cuba for decades and he took it on
as a project to whip up few
in the United States against Spanish
colonialism in Cuba in a way that would
produce our intervention and it worked
Hearst realized something that's still
true today about Americans we are very
compassionate people Americans hate the
idea that anybody's suffering anywhere
and when we see a newspaper article that
shows you but some poor girl who's been
brutalized in a country because she
wanted to go to school we think we have
to go invade that country so playing on
the compassion of the American people is
something that our leaders and
particularly the press are very
practiced at doing just try to focus on
the victims of tyranny in some foreign
country play up their suffering and then
you can produce in the American mind
this odd link if people are suffering in
another country the United States has to
get involved as if somehow we are going
to be able to reduce that suffering so
my bottom line would be
I don't mind intervening in these
humanitarian crises if you think there's
a real chance that in the long run we
can reduce human rights violations but
that's almost never the case as has been
proven repeatedly in recent years
Stephen Kinzer we want to thank you for
being with us former New York Times
foreign correspondent now a columnist
for The Boston Globe author of a number
of books among them bitter fruit the
story of the US overthrow of the
Guatemalan government in 1954 all the
Shahs men and American coup and the
roots of Middle East terror overthrow
America's century of regime change from
Hawaii to Iraq and most recently the
true flag Theodore Roosevelt Mark Twain
and the birth of American Empire to see
part one of our discussion go to
democracynow.org I'm Amy Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez thanks so much for joining
us
[Music]
