democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I'm Amy Goodman were
broadcasting from Park City Utah from
the Sundance Film Festival as we turn to
the subject of a new documentary
premiering here at Sundance about
another icon maybe one of the most
iconic and controversial actors in
Hollywood she's a girl next door
political activist fitness tycoon
feminist Academy award-winning actress
I'm talking about Jane Fonda filmmaker
Susan Lacey examines Fonda's remarkable
life in the documentary Jane Fonda in
five acts
vonda's acting career spanned six
decades and includes performances in
such critically acclaimed films as Clute
barefoot in the park coming home in the
current television series Grace and
Frankie but his actresses and Hollywood
are being recognized for speaking out
and time's up movement Jane Fonda has
consistently challenged power from
opposing the war in Vietnam to
organizing around civil rights and
economic justice and one of her more
controversial moves Jane Fonda traveled
to Hanoi in 1972 and appeared on several
radio programs to speak out against US
military policy in Vietnam and big
American pilots to stop bombing civilian
targets during the trip a photograph was
taken of Jane Fonda seated on an
anti-aircraft gun in Hanoi the photo
earned her the nickname Hanoi Jane which
was resurrected just this week by NBC
Morning Show host megyn kelly formerly
of Fox News this is a woman whose name
is synonymous with outrage look at her
treatment of our military during the
Vietnam War many of our veterans
[Applause]
American troops she posed on an
anti-aircraft gun used to shoot down our
American pilots she called our POWs
hypocrites and liars and referred to
their torture as understandable
Jane Fonda has repeatedly apologized for
the photograph in her 2005 memoir my
life so far Fonda say she remembers
immediately regretting taking the photo
she writes quote oh my god it's going to
look like I was trying to shoot down US
planes it was my mistake and I have paid
and continued to pay a heavy price for
it well Jane Fonda also continues to
speak out I caught up with her after
Saturday's respect rally here in Park
City after the premiere of the
documentary about her life in December
she celebrated her 80th birthday Jane
Fonda it's wonderful to be able to speak
to you on Democracy Now I can't tell you
how happy I am that we ran into each
other and that I'm here with you did you
ever think this year would happen the
new movement the time's up movement
president Trump being elected your
thoughts Trump is a major negative
energy and when he moves out in the
world it releases positive energy from
other people so in a way there's
something really good about it because
people are being enlivened emboldened
activated that never were before we have
an opportunity now to really really make
a difference because people are
recognizing what's at stake it's never
been this clear you know you oftentimes
you have to go to another country to see
what could happen but this is actually
our democracy is being threatened and I
think people are awoke and what about
these movements that so much involve
people in your world from times up we're
talking Hollywood and saying women
saying they've had it right down to
domestic workers to every walk of life
saying sexual abuse sexual harassment
sexual misconduct is not exciting I
think it's I didn't expect it and I'm
really deeply moved by it you know I as
I have said before it was the fact that
white famous white women spoke out and
were believed black women
have been speaking out long before the
most noted of course is Anita Hill but I
have been in the meetings and the women
that make up the times up movement are
really they're young they're smart
they're they understand intersection
intersectionality and this isn't gonna
go away this is this is happening
it's a tipping point it really is we're
living through a historic moment now how
important is Hollywood in shaping views
the place where you have lived so much
of your life frankly I don't think so
much
I don't think Hollywood frames the news
so much I think unfortunately
corporations more and more are framing
the news you know I'm working with
restaurant opportunities United in
Michigan a lot on the ground and what
scares me as I travel through Michigan
is the degree to which average people
are not getting news the television
stations the radio stations are being
bought up by Sinclair and others and
this is it's really scary and you know I
think that corporations are determining
what people hear but there are some
exceptions obviously you know you MSNBC
at night and others but that's why it's
so important that people are on the
ground talking to people door to door
you know working with in real
organizations that have experience of
doing this kind of door-to-door work
because what have we learned we've
learned you can't say anything bad about
Trump you can't you have to tell them
something they don't already know for
example we were canvassing in San Diego
a woman who had just lost her job she
had four children one with a serious
precondition a mother she was supporting
them all she was really scared a hundred
percent Trump supporter why because he's
he understands me he's my people and
he's authentic and so the canvasser who
happens to be an actress who plays my
daughter in
my eldest daughter and Gracie and
Frankie said to her well do you know
that if Trump's health care package
passes your son will lose his
precondition insurance coverage and the
woman stopped breathing and she didn't
know that and she flipped right there
and you know that that to me is a
dramatic example of how important is
that we find a way to keep real news
reaching people and it can't come from
Hollywood or the Democratic Party for
that matter now you've gone back and
forth an actress and activists and you
seem to traverse these worlds quite
comfortably you went to Standing Rock to
the standoff at Standing Rock why was
that so important to you the battle
against the Dakota access pipeline well
I I'm worried about the planet I'm
worried about you know all the
scientists who really know say we cannot
take any more oil or gas out of the
ground we have enough we can do without
we can make the transition to renewables
without drilling anymore so a I knew it
wasn't necessary I knew that it was
didn't even make economic sense because
the price of oil had dropped so much but
also in 1970 I went to Alcatraz
when indigenous people from the bay area
occupied Alcatraz so I was there that
was like the beginning of the American
Indian Movement all these young people
who had never they didn't know their
elders they didn't know the Thomas
Binaca is the great hope Hashanah and
they didn't know about the traditions
and the ceremonies and Wilma Mankiller
who was the the chief of the great
Cherokee Nation that was where she first
connected with the elders and then fast
forward to Standing Rock and seeing the
degree to which the traditional rituals
and ceremonies have taken hold and have
really saved lives meant so much to me
it was very very moving to me to see
that and then also moving to me because
with all that us white Europeans have
done
indigenous people and just there's no
end to the horrors and atrocities we've
visited upon them and yet they're still
there trying to tell us how how we have
to do things differently they're still
hoping that they can have some influence
to show us the way to go they've never
given up on us it's so moving to me
we're here at the Sundance Film Festival
and we just came from a premiere of the
documentary about your life Jane Fonda
in five acts and it talks about your
early years as Barbarella and Hollywood
and then that shift to activism you just
plunged into it in your battle against
the Vietnam War
supporting of Black Panthers talk about
the transition you made it it was I was
fortunate to be at that time in my life
at a crossroads in history when
everything was changing I mean I was in
France when a combination of worker and
student uprisings almost toppled the de
Gaulle government and I was my daughter
was born a few months after that there
were things happening all over the world
plus I could from France I could look at
television and see this robust movement
in the United States standing up to the
Pentagon and to the administration's and
my father's daughter you know I'm I'm
the daughter of Tom Joad and 12 Angry
Men and all those Abe Lincoln those
characters that he played and I thought
what am i doing I should be there and
with the encouragement of some Monsignor
AI I went left and I went there well you
know dad I love him so he you know he
had lived through the McCarthy era he
had seen careers destroyed he was really
scared for me
he didn't entirely understand I would
bring you know like Green Berets and
grunts soldiers to talk to him about
what their experience was in Viet
but he couldn't go where I was you know
it was a generational thing he just
didn't understand and he was scared when
I started to investigate the Black
Panthers and I went to visit aunt Angela
Davis when she was in jail and it scared
him to death because he thought that I
was gonna fall victim to the same kind
of witch hunting but it wasn't the same
it was me gray listing but it wasn't
black listing but whatever he said to me
which was pretty hard for me to take
came out of his love and fear for me you
were very active in the anti-war
movement with your then husband Tom
Hayden we'll known anti-war activists
with whom you had your son
we lost Tom the whole country recently
Tom Hayden the significance of your
activism there and then in the film
something I had not realized I certainly
knew about the Jane Fonda workout tapes
and I knew about your activism but did
not understand that these Jane Fonda
workout tapes that you did actually
funded the what was that the California
California campaign for economic
democracy here's how it went see this
was a statewide organization that made a
huge difference in California we elected
people that are still serving in public
office in California and so we had to
raise a lot of money because we had a
lot of chapters and there was a
recession and I read an article that
Lyndon LaRouche that really bad but very
wealthy guy had a computer business that
would fund people that would hold those
signs at the airports and go into gay
bars and and his people would beat gay
people with chains and stuff like that
and I read an article that said that he
supported all that with his computer
business and I so I thought okay what
business can I go into that could make
money and it was the workout and so what
happened
so I funded the campaign for economic
democracy
[Music]
we've made a lot of money over the
workout and then eventually I mean the
book and the videos yeah I talked about
how much money we're talking about here
you blew everyone we have Larry on the
New York Times best seller two years two
solid years that is what caused the New
York Times to start separating it out in
two categories because to have the
workout book competing with you know
Philip Roth or somebody didn't make any
sense but and it must have been hard for
Tom you know that was a difficult period
for our marriage and for him because I
was a activist when he met me we were
together arm in arm on the road doing
this incredible Indochina peace campaign
thing and we really did help although
it's not in the Ken Burns documentary
but we did help end the war and then the
war ended and and and I started the
workout business because we were
starting this political organization and
the workout business kind of drove a
wedge between us and it was difficult
and also I started to become more
successful as an actor so it took me
away from him you talked about your
anti-war activism the trip you made to
North Vietnam you did something that you
don't see a lot of politicians doing
today and you've said you felt sorry for
one part of what you did back then can
you explain the trip you took to North
Vietnam I went to North Vietnam
explicitly to stop the bombing of the
dikes which we had been told by European
diplomats that were in the north was
happening we weren't of course getting
it in the news and I knew that that was
catastrophic because you know the North
North Vietnam like Holland is below sea
level and the dikes are made by the
peasants by hand that their earth and if
they're destroyed before the monsoon
season there was a great likelihood that
people were going to drowned and starve
and it had been proposed to Johnson when
he Lyndon Johnson and he said no we
can't do that that's what Hitler did
when he bombed Holland we can't be
responsible but Nixon said yes let's
let's do it and so I wanted to go and
expose it
and and I remember you know they gave me
a the North Vietnamese gave me a
preliminary agenda and on the agenda was
visiting an anti-aircraft gun and I said
no I don't want to do that I don't want
to visit that because I didn't think it
was appropriate I was there by myself
with for two weeks and the things that
happened to me there I mean we couldn't
put it all in the movie but I mean just
for I don't know if we have time but
just let me just tell you one story with
two stories I was driving back with my
translator in a car from a city that
we'd visited it was an industrial city
and North Vietnam that had been
destroyed and on the way back the the
driver could hear that there were planes
coming I couldn't hear yet but they said
get out and run and there are these
manholes along the side of the road with
kind of straw things that you put over
and a woman a young girl grabbed my arm
and she had schoolbooks with her and she
pulled me into a hole I mean I I just I
went in she pushed me in and then she
jumped and these are made for one person
and we were like smushed up against each
other she pulled the top over and the
ground started shaking as the bombs fell
I kept thinking this is not true it's
like it's this is a dream this isn't
really happening and when it was over
and the bombing stopped and she took the
lid off and I I started to cry and I
said to the my translator I said tell
her I'm so sorry I'm so sorry that we're
doing this to your country you know she
was maybe 15 and she said to me at least
I think she said to me this came through
a translator don't be sorry
we know why we're fighting you're I
can't remember her exact words but it
was something like your soldiers and
pilots they don't know why they are
doing this
it's your tragedy in a way something
like that and just it couldn't have been
planned it was just out in the middle of
the country so that that really brought
me up short this 15
girl who sang no we know we may lose
people and soldiers and but we know why
we're fighting the tragedy is yours cuz
you don't even know why you're fighting
so that's one story that just made me
real the other is on the day before my
last day the last day being the one
where I sat on that anti-aircraft gun I
was asked to look at a production of
Arthur Miller's play All My Sons
performed on a platform outside in
Vietnamese and it's a story about a
factory owner who makes parts for
bombers and he has two sons one of the
sons as a pilot and his son crashes and
the younger son knows the reason the
father has known that his factory was
making faulty parts for bombers and he
didn't speak up because he didn't want
to lose his government contract and he's
condemned by his younger son so okay I
see this play I'm sitting next to the
director I said there's a war going on
why are you taking this it was being
toured through villages that had just
been bombed of North Vietnam North
Vietnam villages that were being bombed
and they're taking this play by Arthur
Miller I said why and he said we are a
tiny country one day we will have to be
friends with you
our people have to understand that there
are there are bad Americans and there
are good Americans and I was I don't I
was a changed person I the whole idea of
friend enemy strength weakness was
turned on its head and the next day they
said we're gonna take you out to the
ceremony and I went and it was there
were these soldiers standing and they
sang a song with the words that ho chi
minh had written when he made his
address in the in the square in Hanoi we
and his speech began we hold these
truths to be self-evident that all
people are created equal this was in the
words that they sang because he'd gonna
cook in Harlem and so he knew about our
Declaration of Independence and these
soldiers saying
and then they asked me to sing and we
were laughing and clapping and I sat
down on that gun and I just I don't know
I was just out of my mind basically I
was I was out of my mind I didn't think
it wasn't active there were no planes or
anything like that I didn't even think
what I was doing and the minute I sat
down cameras went off and I hadn't
realized there was anybody with cameras
and as I was walking away I realized oh
my god these pictures are gonna make it
look like I'm against my country and my
soldiers and and I said please destroy
those pictures but of course and so you
would come back to this country and you
faced a fire yep let's see here's here's
what's interesting it wasn't that much
of a firestorm in the beginning there
was only like an inch of press in the
front on the New York Times and a few
months later we launched our Indochina
peace campaign at the Ohio State Fair no
big deal I mean Nixon was very unhappy
and they did an investigation and the
you know a guy from the State Department
said she never committed reason all she
did was ask the soldiers to think it
wasn't until Reagan that they they
realized how important it would be to
use my huge mistake to make me a you
know of Hanoi Jane a traitor you know to
hurt the peace movement and that's what
hurts me so much is that it was
different and it hurt the soldiers so it
was a big mistake
anyway interestingly today with the
longest war in US history Afghanistan
and Iraq a number of soldiers who come
back from all of these places are
condemning these wars and asking what
the US is doing you don't usually hear
those soldiers in the media yeah well
just like you didn't hear those soldiers
back in the day or the POWs who spoke
out and said no we were not tortured the
Vietnamese ruled out torture in 1970 but
never heard from them Nixon never
allowed them to have a platform you just
turned 80 what gives you hope today if I
can change anybody can change
I know and I'm you now we see it all
around us the extent of which people can
say oh my god our way of life our value
system is being turned on its head we
