[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part 2 of our
discussion about times up
that's the rallying cry bringing
together women from Hollywood actresses
to housekeepers to farm workers to
demand gender and racial justice in a
world free of sexual harassment and
assault the movement launched last
Sunday night at the Golden Globe Awards
where the red carpet went dark many
people dressed in black to show their
solidarity with the movement and it
wasn't just actors and actresses a
number of Hollywood stars brought social
justice activists with them to the
Golden Globes for more we're joined by
five remarkable women who helped launch
the times up movement were all at the
Golden Globes activists and actresses
alike here in New York City tirana burke
is with us she is founder of the me2
movement established the organization in
2006 to focus on young women who've
endured sexual abuse assaults or
exploitation now a senior director at
girls for gender equity in Chicago I Jen
Pugh is with us executive director for
the National Domestic Workers Alliance
co-director of caring across generations
in Washington DC Monica Ramirez
co-founder and president of the National
farmworker women's alliance and in
Seattle Washington Kalina Lawrence is an
artist and activist enrolled member of
the Sequoias tribe attended Sunday
Golden Globes Awards with actress
shailene woodley who is joining us as
well from France by Democracy Now video
stream who is nominated for a Golden
Globe for the TV series big little lies
she also starred in the divergent series
Fault in Our Stars and other films i
want to start with toronto burke here in
new york
I mean Toronto the trajectory of your
work is quite remarkable
you know the me to hash tag started and
people thought it was actresses who had
come up with it but they had taken and
credited you with this whole me -
movement at the beginning that you
started years ago before hashtags now
with all of the attention you ended up
draw
popping the ball though you hardly drop
the ball in your life on New Year's Eve
you went to the Golden Globes for this
time's up initiative talk about how the
time's up initiative began well times up
initiative didn't begin with us this was
something that was created by the women
who work in Hollywood
but I think it's a perfect complement to
what has been happening time's up you
know we we are not necessarily a part of
time's up but we are stand in solidarity
with them because they represent the
work you know there's a spectrum of work
that needs to happen and it's gonna take
all of us all of our different
organizations and all of the different
ways that we move in this movement it's
going to take all of us collectively to
really move the needle right and find
justice for for women and people who are
survivors of sexual violence and so it
was really important I thought for us to
be together on the red carpet so one
shows solidarity with the work that the
women in Hollywood are doing because
it's so important there's so many people
who deal with sexual harassment don't
have the means to to file lawsuits or to
get legal representation or legal advice
and so that's definitely a major concern
you went with Michelle Williams now
Michelle Williams is making headlines
right now whether she wants to be or not
starred and all the money in the world
and that film got a lot of attention
because it right before it came out
Kevin Spacey was publicly accused by a
number of men of having sexually
assaulted or harassed them and so they
took him out of the movie they had to
reshoot it Michelle Williams who is up
for a Golden Globe for her starring role
Mark Wahlberg was also starring in the
film he got a million point he got a
million and a half dollars to reshoot
the film Michelle Williams got $1,000
1,000 versus 1.5 million let me put that
question to shailene woodley who is an
a-list actress in Hollywood were you
shocked by this
um I wish I could say I was shocked I
that gap is um is shocking but the act
of that gap the fact that that gap
exists is not shocking to me because
that gap has existed for as I mean for
as long as I've been in this industry
and decades and before me and it's not
just our industry as well obviously it's
it's every single industry which is why
we're having these conversations today
and why we're standing up um yeah you
know there's nothing there's no there's
no irony lost on me that these are the
headlines that are coming up right after
the golden globes right after that
beautiful speech by Oprah right after
every single person wearing black to
stand in solidarity with women and
women's rights and women's equality this
cannot go this cannot be silenced those
numbers are large numbers but what those
numbers represent if we take away the
quantity of of the amounts is the
disparity between men and women still
and and that's that to me is the theme
the ongoing theme and that we have to
keep paying attention to and I think I
think people will I think Sunday had a
huge impact on our industry and every
single day for that matter for the last
couple of months has had a huge impact
when it comes to looking at the
differences between how men and women
are treated and so not shocking to me
for that headline but also a little bit
promising because I hope that some some
momentum has been made in the past week
and that we'll be able to look at this
from a new perspective and that
something will be done about it pretty
quickly from those who have the power to
do so and let me ask you shailene
woodley about Natalie Portman when she
got up to introduce the best directors
of films commenting they were all men
yeah I was actually backstage when that
happened so I didn't I didn't see that
happen but I did hear about what
happened afterwards and that's something
to pay attention to I mean there's
there's a lot of
arguments right about how well they were
the best ones this year and maybe there
weren't enough female directors out
there to be compared to in Batson that's
what the conversation needs to be had
not necessarily that they were the only
ones nominated but why are they the only
ones nominated or is it because they
really truly were the best artists this
year in their category it could be so it
could be but is it also because there
are more male directors than female
directors so more males have the chance
to be recognized for their artistry than
females do because statistically they're
the ones who are sort of running the
game right now and that's that's the the
dialogue that I think Natalie Portman
was able to elicit amongst people was we
need to be aware and mindful that the
art that these nominees are all male and
look at the whys of that and then how do
we change that how do we work on that
and how do we make it how do we make it
our priority to make sure again that
those gaps are our lessons and then
let's talk about your TV series which is
remarkable and your performance is so
horrifying jarring astounding in this
and big little lies where you have these
five women stars or five women in
Monterey California and so much of it
and certainly your character Shailene
revolves around abuse Nicole Kidman and
Laura Dern won the Golden Globes Laura
Dern her daughter whose child well how
old is she five or six years old is
being bullied Nicole Kidman plays a
character who's being sexually abused
and of course you yourself talked about
this film this TV series why you did it
and the kind of response you're getting
to it I did it I did it based on the
first episode because that was all I had
read when I when I agreed to the show
and so I didn't know where it was going
to lead I hadn't read the
yet but to work with that many strong
women to me that opportunity just
doesn't come around so that was that was
the first drawing point from me for the
show and then as I began to read more
episodes I began to understand the
gravity in the depth of what we were
actually creating and again it's so it
could be said ironic or it could be said
serendipitous or kismet but there's
there's a reason why this show is out
right now in this time um when our
voices are being heard more when we are
unifying more as women when we are
standing together in solidarity and it
just goes to show we weren't planning to
do a season two and we're gonna do a
season two now based on the public's
response which also very rarely happens
um there were no plans to continue the
series but because so many women could
relate to this story and Men as well and
we're doing a second one and to me that
shows that the relatability factor of
violence is prevalent that the fact that
so many people were connected to these
characters and to the internal dialogues
in the internal psychology of women
first off we very rarely see anything in
film and television where women are
allowed to her where we as an audience
are allowed inside the psyches of women
and understand the emotional impact and
the feelings of what women go through um
so that's very that was a very exciting
factor but but also the fact that again
we all can relate to violence whether
we're men or women whether we're on the
receiving end or the giving and violence
is something that unfortunately we all
know in this day and age and something
that we all have experienced and I feel
very honored and very privileged to be
in a position to tell a story that's not
only something I relate to but to know
that take away circumstance and take
away external experience the underlying
emotion of it all is something that all
of us can relate to and to me that's
where the real healing begins is when we
strip away our labels and our divisions
and our experiences to be able to relate
on an emotional level that's how we're
going to be able to change this world
because that's the New York Times
headline with the picture of you all
kissing the Golden Globes is after
Globes women declare success but what
about the men Shailene um that's a
that's a great that's a great question
what about the men and how they felt
after the Globes that's the question of
the New York Times that's the headline
after Globes women declare success but
what about the men and of course what
this means for all of Hollywood in this
post is it post Harvey Weinstein age I
mean Harvey Weinstein is one person
right but there's there's many people
hold that this has happened to it
inside and outside of Hollywood I think
he was just the catalyst for the the can
diversed open for all of us to begin
unifying and feeling safe to communicate
with one another and feeling that our
voices would be heard I can't answer the
question posed by the New York Times
because I'm not a man but my hope would
be that and actually my experience at
the Globes like I mentioned earlier it
was the first award show where I looked
in every single person's eyes and I saw
nothing but who they really were and I
saw nothing but what they really wanted
to learn and experience and grow towards
and that was beautiful to me and that
occurred with both men and women so I
hope that host clubs the men feel as
empowered as the women do to use their
voices to stand with us because we need
male allies this is not just a movement
by and for women only this is a movement
for women and for men to be able to
understand each other on a level that we
haven't been able to before for women
and men to be able to communicate in a
good way and in a safe way and in an
appropriate way that feels good to both
parties so I hope that males
have walked away with a new sense of
accountability a new sense of
responsibility and a new sense of
elation now Tirana Berk you don't
usually occupy this world walking the
red carpet and following up on what
shailene woodley is talking about
perhaps moments of authenticity there
what this means for your work you've
been doing this for years well over a
decade but this level this critical
moment this critical mass that has been
reached has it changed your work well
it's definitely changed changed the work
and and I had no expectation it wasn't
like a dream of mine to go to the Golden
Globes and I didn't I've never felt that
my work was connected to Hollywood in
that way but I will say when Michelle
first called me to go to to come and to
invite me to go to the Globes my friend
William Michelle Williams the actress my
first question was why and we had you
know a 45-minute conversation and at the
end of that conversation I realized that
what she was it was a genuine invitation
and we had a discussion about you know
her world and my world and what I said
to her was that I think that this you
know inviting me is is great and I'm one
person there would be on the red carpet
but what would happen if we invited
several women right there women who
around the country that I know who were
doing this work who needs to be heard
whose voices need to be elevated and so
I learned so much this weekend in this
in this process and forge new
friendships and new alliances but I
think that this has changed all of our
work in some ways we had and I really
wanted to underscore Michelle Williams
role in making this happen you know it
she initially invited me and I proposed
this idea to expand to other people and
she took it right away and took
leadership in trying to make and making
that happen so I want to make sure she
gets props for that because none of them
had to do this even conceding their time
on the red carpet for us to talk about
issues that are never talked about I
mean people don't come to the Golden
Globes to talk about sexual violence and
talk about
domestic workers or restaurant workers
or farm workers or survivors of sexual
violence so this has given us all an
expanded platform and more visibility
and I know that all of us are committed
to using that visibility to expand our
work to talk to more people to talk to
people a lot of times in our world we
sort of talk to each other you know and
we we spend a lot of time sort of
preaching to the choir we speak to the
converted already and something like
being on the Golden Globes give gives us
a wider audience to speak to to people
who may not be as invested in the work
that we're doing and so that was the
golden opportunity and how do the young
women feel that you work with at this
moment with this me to movement as
people's voices are being respected
young women who felt a year ago perhaps
or is this romanticizing it is this
saying no you're making much too big a
deal of this do people feel safer to
speak out to name names you know what I
think that we have to do a better job of
including young people in this
conversation I will say that I think
because it's on social media and it's a
hashtag and there's like a lot of pop
culture involved now in this that it's
that that's another way for it to help
us reach a wider audience including
young people but we definitely have to
do a better job of speaking to the
issues like sexual harassment in schools
that leaves the school push out and
things like that so a girls for gender
equity we certainly do that work and we
we're in communication with young people
all the time and so the young people who
I talked to are very excited of course
because they sort of see not just me on
television but talking about things that
we talk about in small groups and things
like that but I do think on a national
level and an international level we have
to do a better job of including the
voices of young people and the issues
that young people face or our sexual
violence I want to put the same question
to a gen pou who you have been working
for decades your executive director of
the National Domestic Workers Alliance
and then you're on the red carpet with
Meryl Streep could actually take it on
President Trump before right famously
last year President Trump who himself
has been accused of sexual harassment
assault or misconduct
by at least 16 women publicly at this
point and people saw that happen through
the past year and then they also saw him
being elevated to President of the
United States after these women had
spoken out but can you talk about how
this has changed your work
you represent nannies you represent
domestic workers you represent home
health care workers home aides what are
people to saying to you is this a kind
of magic moment has it reached critical
mass what kind of legislation are you
getting pushed through in his
legislation the answer so one of the
things about the work force that I
represent is that it is almost defined
by invisibility if you think about it
you could go into any neighborhood and
not know which homes are also workplaces
so the work is hidden behind closed
doors and the workers are incredibly
isolated that there's no water cooler
there's no HR department and so the fact
that we were able to have this kind of
visibility was actually incredibly
game-changing and what you saw in social
media is domestic workers all over the
country wearing black taking selfies
posting their own stories on Sunday
night and I think that as organizers we
always talk about how a victory isn't
really a victory if nobody feels it's
theirs and what we felt I think tirana
Monica so many of us who are there
kalenna is that the women that were
connected to in these kind of webs of
networks of women who support each other
and have always supported each other is
that we all such a diverse cross-section
of us did feel connected to that moment
of visibility that breakthrough and I
think there's so much more work to be
done we have to build upon this momentum
to really make sure that both the
written and unwritten rules change right
there's so many groups of workers who
fall through the cracks of protections
not just in terms of assault and
harassment
but all kinds of protections that ensure
that we can have dignity and respect at
work I think what we saw with Michelle
Williams was something that's endemic to
our entire economy where women's
contributions and our lives are devalued
and in order for that to change there's
got to be this ongoing groundswell right
across industries across communities
that is about changing both our culture
and our practices how we treat each
other how we value each other how we
listen to each other and recognize each
other's humanity and policies so we're
looking at a whole sweeping reform of
policies that protect women and all
people from harassment in the workplace
and we're gonna be working really
closely with the farm workers on that
piece as the two groups of workers who's
been the most systematically excluded
from our labor protection so stay tuned
for more on that front and before we go
back to Monica Ramirez I wanted to go
back to 2011 we're talking about this
magic moment this critical mass that has
been reached in 2017-18 but let's go
back to 2011 a New York hotel maid
Nafissatou Diallo accusing the former
IMF chief and possible well at the time
