[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
we're joined here in our New York studio
by Charlene Carruthers the national
director of the black youth project 100
her book is just out it's titled
unapologetic a black queer and feminist
mandate for radical movements
Charlene it's great to have you with us
for part two of our conversation part
one talking about electoral politics but
you've talked about your book
unapologetic as the handbook you wanted
when you got your start in activism so
explain why you write it and why you
called it unapologetic so unapologetic
for me it like you said is the book I
wish I had when I was 18 years old and I
got started in activism and then later
community organizing I was a student I
remember my very first rally that I ever
attended it was about the DREAM Act I
was a college student someone told me
that there were certain students because
of their legal status that they weren't
able to go to college and was like
that's wrong I'm gonna show up to this
action and actually it was the first
action I ever spoke at on an issue that
I cared about and so over the years it's
been about 14 years now since I've been
doing immigrant justice racial justice
LGBTQ gender justice racial justice all
kinda stuff and I titled this book
unapologetic because the work that we've
been doing in the past five years in byp
100 has made a huge intervention and how
people think about black organizing it's
actually one of our leaders her name is
fresco Steve's was also from Chicago who
really popularized the political message
of unapologetically black and it looks
great on t-shirts and people say it and
chants but really it's a framework that
demands and declares that as black
radical feminists as black radical LGBTQ
folks that we actually can take up space
we actually have expertise and we
actually have strategic leadership
that's valuable and necessary for
collective liberation could you talk a
little bit more about that about
the changing nature of black organizing
and when you think it originated yes so
when I talk about the black radical
tradition I place it in context of work
for liberation as a result of
colonialism both on the continent of
Africa Central America South America the
Caribbean and I talk about the the the
movements the work the revolution be at
the Haitian Revolution or other places
that are as a result of chattel slavery
or the transatlantic slave trade and all
the work that has happened since then
and so that includes all types of black
folks from multiple ideologies and when
we look at black organized and I've
always been women in leadership in some
way right be the UNIA with Aimee Garvey
or be a Rosa Parks and her campaign for
equal justice for Ricci Taylor and
there's always been black LGBTQ folks
like they arrested Audrey Lord James
Baldwin all those people at the same
time there are some people who should
actually be more firmly situated in how
we understand black organizing like
Marsha P Johnson Marsha P Johnson along
with Sylvia Rivera was one started one
of the very first known transgender
rights organizations in the world and
also helped spark the Stonewall
Rebellion here in New York City and so
black organizing is so much about my
wrote this book it's so much about
telling a more complete story about the
role of organizations about the role of
various groups of people and and telling
a more complete story I believe that
we're able to craft more complete
solutions and so when we tell incomplete
stories about the civil rights movement
that leave out the role of Rosa Parks
and other folks who fought to end sexual
assault and violence against black women
we then are building these movements
today talking about say her name without
even like full knowledge of how they
built an international coalition right
that almost brought the the governor of
Alabama and to his knees and involved
the military all kinds of things
and so that's that's that's why I wrote
this book because I wanted to tell a
more complete story about our work can
you lay out the five questions that
every organizer should ask themself or
that you organizers should be asked yes
yes so in writing this book I wanted to
make sure that I provided both a good
amount of history because I'm a history
buff I've loved it since I was a high
school I'm one of those people and
practice like real practice for my own
experience and practical guidance or
practical tools for us to like improve
as activists and organizers and so the
five questions begin with the question
of Who am I because if you don't know
who you are
what your self-interest is and what your
best position to do you can't be as
effective as an or of an organizer as
you could be the second question is Ella
Baker's question prolific organizer Ella
Baker what asks people the question when
she met them who are your people and the
answer to that question has so much to
do with the work that you do why you do
it and why you show up the third is what
do we want we have to be clear about
what we're actually fighting for are we
fighting for health care reform are we
fighting for a universal access to
health care and I believe that we have
to actually make transformational
demands right and universal health care
just run by the state in and of itself
isn't transformational I want to live in
a world where people actually have
ruined communities have
self-determination over their lives the
fourth question is what are we building
are we building a 40 year strategy which
we need are we building a year-long
strategy are we engaged in electoral
politics are we doing not are we doing
direct action in civil disobedience all
those things are necessary are we clear
about what we're building towards and
the last question is are we ready to win
and that question to me is one of the
toughest ones because what happens when
we live in the world which I believe was
possible without prisons and police
where safety goes beyond prisons and
policing and it's in the hands the
hearts and the work of everyday people
are we ready to win that
are we doing the work that when we
actually are able to govern ourselves
and our communities to provide health
care mental health care deliver basic
needs like food and so when I think
about the work that we need to do and I
talk about it in the book I'm really
interested in how are we getting down on
a 40 50 75 year strategy and what are
the the things that we're gonna do along
the way and who's your intended audience
out of the book oh my gosh so of course
it's my former 18 year old self and
thinking about all the young folks who
and 12 year olds 13 year olds who are
coming into movement in this particular
moment and it's also for the people that
I get to work alongside who've been
doing this work for decades who may have
questions about what is Robin DG Kelley
eyes you know I know
in his book freedom dreams I know what
young activists are against but I want
to know what they're for and I wanted to
write a book to articulate a lot of what
we are actually for the kind of world
that we vision one where a person can
walk down the street without fear of
being criminalized because of what they
look like because of their perceived or
actual gender because of their class
status because they have any sort of
disability perceived or actual
disability and so I wanted this I wrote
this book for people who are curious
about and committed to collective
liberation and that means that's a lot
of people and I write it I wrote this
book for people who aren't afraid to be
uncomfortable it's if I did my job right
as an organizer people will be agitated
and uncomfortable in reading this book
and so I want folks explain why explain
why I talk about some stuff in this book
that is it necessarily it's not at all
liberal at least that's not my aim or my
intention I share a bunch of Marxist
ideas black radical feminist ideas I'm
socialist ideas abolitionists abolition
of the prison industrial complex ideas
ones that say we actually shouldn't move
a race first or a race only strategy
and that as black folks we've never been
able to just be one thing you might be
black in immigrant black and
undocumented black and disabled black
and currently incarcerated and so that
makes some people uncomfortable when we
when when folks aren't liberal about
just laying it out there and being
honest about what it is that I actually
believe in and I'm not the only person
who believes in this stuff I just had
the opportunity and want more people
even to write I need more people who
have their eyes towards collective
liberation who organize with people
right committed to leadership
development aren't just single leaders
to write their own books as well so you
have a number of groups that were
incubating and formed right around the
killing of Trayvon Martin yes you have
the dream defenders in 2012 Trayvon
Martin was killed your group byp 100
when the verdict came down exonerating
George Zimmerman you know legally within
the legal system I don't think most
people see him in any way is exonerated
dream defenders byp 100 black lives
matter let's talk about grassroots
organizing and electoral politics
because you've got your feet in both you
know some of the people who are now
rising through the ranks for example in
part one of our discussion you talked
about Andrew Gilliam who you worked with
years ago who could be the first black
governor of Florida huge upset Bernie
Sanders supporter talks about politics
anumber of the way as you do you have
stacey abrams in georgia could be the
first black governor of georgia you've
got Ben Jealous and Maryland so where do
you see electoral politics in the hole
within social change so I quite a bit
about the Haitian Revolution in the book
and the reason why is because there's so
many lessons for us to learn about when
black folks contend for power we win we
have power we have political power and
even a certain level of economic power
in various societies
and the lessons to be learned and while
that I see I've seen a lot of articles
that say he's gonna be the first black
governor the first african-american
governor he's clinched his victory
because he's black he's african-american
what matters most is the person's
platform their agenda and so for me when
I think about these electoral politics
and what we're doing byp 100 what we do
in multiple organizations across the
movement for black lives is we focus on
issues not candidates and if the
candidate is not about the business of
the platform that we need to move for
our people then we're not gonna support
that candidate and you know people often
credit this to Saul Alinsky but I'm
pretty sure he got it from somebody else
who knows that wait a second Saul
Alinsky's younger self yes you're
Chicago you know yeah so Saul Alinsky
actually grew up in the back of the ice
neighborhood and I had no idea about
Saul Alinsky when I was growing up I
didn't know who he was or about the back
of the arts neighborhood council and
people are and he people he wrote rules
for radicals and people often credit him
with this statement of no permanent
friends no permanent enemies or no
permanent allies no permanent enemies
and when I think about elected officials
that yes
Gilliam is running on a platform that we
can believe in that we can organize
around and that will change the material
conditions of our people and I know I'm
gonna assume that he knows that the
folks who are aliens and to organize to
get him elected will also be there to
hold him accountable because he actually
can't do everything even as governor
right there's a whole Florida state
legislature their entire municipal
governments all kinds of folks now of
course it's the governor he has a high a
certain high level of power and
influence I'm excited about when we can
use electoral politics to build the type
of grassroots power we need to create
alternatives in our communities and for
me electoral politics is not the final
destination it's a way along my good
friend Jessica Burd talks about the
various armed stops on the Underground
Railroad and
electoral politics that these these
victories that we have are stops along
the the journey that we need to go on
and if they're not the final destination
and at the same time they're necessary
stops to make well how do you think
Trump's victory has affected grassroots
organizing and also the fact that these
progressive left progressive candidates
are coming up in the moment of trumps
presidency yes yes so we're living in a
moment right now
dr. barbarians VII listen to her a lot
when it comes to politics and she talks
dr. Ren Smith she is a historian she
wrote ella baker's biography and she's
also just as importantly a community
organizer she's an actual organizer in
Chicago and she talks about the
necessity for a defensive strategy right
now in knowing that we are up against
opponents both in the White House and
our states in our cities that are have
been moving they have been moving a 4050
years in DES to strip away any semblance
of access to civil and human rights and
dignity for our people and so we need to
end this time in this moment to have a
defensive strategy that says that we're
going to move agendas and support
candidates that are going to help us
move our agendas and in broader society
through government through elected
office right and so in doing that it's
super super important for us to be clear
that conservatives will do pretty much
anything they're putting children in
prisons right now right we actually ran
action in San Diego not too long ago
supporting a gente and a number of local
organizations in San Diego and so we
have a formidable opponent and in this
moment we don't have time to cut corners
or act like we can't we don't need to
mount a defense so that we every two
seconds we don't have to react to yet
another threat of stripping away
abortion care
another threat of closing all of our
public schools and turning them over to
charter schools
another threat of
Hyper incarceration that's what this is
about in this moment again electoral
politics are not the final destination
and for some people that's an
uncomfortable thing to hear right I
envision a world where we are governing
beyond the confines of what we have
right now and I don't have all the
answers of what that looks like but I
know that it's more it's not based in
profit it's not based on wealthy donors
and it's based on actually what the
people and the communities want so talk
about we were just talking about
governors races but you have Alexandria
Acacio Cortez here in New York huge
upset victory Hugh brow Democratic
Socialist you have receded to leave yes
in Detroit she's running unopposed so we
can't say absolutely almost for sure she
will become the first Muslim woman in
Congress proud Democratic Socialist what
does those what do those words mean to
you Democratic socialists what does that
word means socialism and the fact that
they are entering electoral politics as
they're being you know constantly
slammed by Fox I mean Alexandria you
would think she was the main host of Fox
that her name is mentioned so many times
and everyone she is the reference point
Gilliam is the new Alexandria you know
Acacio cortez or its constant is so
threatened by these people yes does it
even surprise you though that they have
traversed from grassroots politics into
electoral politics it doesn't surprise
me the movement of folk actually met
rashida to leave years ago and the thing
I remember most about her is her fur but
she was actually telling me I needed to
run for office and that guy was a well
that's that's our question some other
thing we're gonna run and her fervor for
supporting women and running for office
and black and brown women Muslim women
all kinds of women's and women with a
certain set of like actually like
progressive and radical politics on to
run for office and so I'm excited about
her victory and then hopefully entering
of course entering actually as a
congressperson and so when I think about
the word socialism I actually look to
the black feminists in my life who are
socialists and knowing that be it
Barbara Smith or entirely at left roots
or jamala Rogers who's the executive
director of organized organization for
black struggle in st. Louis and how
black feminists have articulated
socialism for what I want to say decades
well well over decades one that doesn't
say that class that we can move a class
only strategy and that socialism absent
of dismantling gender-based oppression
absent of dismantling white supremacy
and anti supremacy is actually not
socialism that's something else
but socialism if we're about building to
me and how I'm understanding from my
comrades at left roots a 21st century
socialism it is yes about workers
controlling the means of production and
us radically organizing the society that
we live in so that we have more
collective based choices and that we're
a right relationship with each other and
the land that we live on right and so we
can't have the old stale pale white and
male socialism that everybody thinks is
the thing when we have people like
Claudia Jones who was left of Karl Marx
she was a black woman who was exiled out
of the u.s. right and she was a Marxist
and a feminist and she was black and
this was decades ago and so I think
there's so much for black feminists to
reclaim in socialism I'm given our
tradition and what work is happening
right now well one of the things the
arguments that you make in your book is
a defense of identity politics so and
we're just talking now in the title of
your book black queer feminist we've
just spoken of rasheed at the leave as a
non Muslim woman potentially the first
one to enter Congress now could you talk
about why you think identity politics is
important and needs to be defended and
also how it's come under
by both members of both the Democratic
and Republican parties and in particular
by Democrats following Trump's victory
yes so in 2016 no less than what two or
three days or so definitely less than a
week after 45 victory and Hillary
Clinton's defeat there were articles by
various liberals who once supported
identity politics saying that identity
politics we're the reason why Hillary
Clinton lost the election they didn't
point to all the other things that
actually were in play here but blaming
identity politics what they miss in 2016
and what people continue to miss is that
identity politics are older than this
country and that white men particularly
slaveholders other property owners the
Ku Klux Klan have always engaged in
identity politics the identity and
identity politics is when people connect
their lived experiences who they are how
they identify to their values and the
actions they take out in the world and
so white men have done that for
