I wanted to ask you about a piece you
wrote last year in the New York Review
of Books called Russia the conspiracy
trap in which you wrote Russia gate is
hoping trump by distracting from real
documental and documented issues and by
promoting a xenophobic conspiracy theory
in the cause of removing a xenophobic
conspiracy theorist from office I
couldn't have said it better myself but
yeah I mean look he is doing unspeakable
damage to our political culture to
American institutions you know politics
as we have known it which hasn't been
perfect but it's certainly but you know
it's being is being badly damaged and I
think I'm really worried that has been
damaged in ways that that will make make
it extremely difficult to recover and we
don't have endless bandwidth we don't
have endless column inches available
even in the internet right and every
time that we talk about Russia gate we
are not talking about immigration right
every time we talk about Russia gate
we're not talking about the decimation
of the State Department and where every
time we talk about Russia good we're not
talking about deregulation and of course
Russia is not the only one doing it and
interestingly the piece Saturday right
after the indictments came down on
Friday the New York Times in the in the
jump to the inside page has a little
phrase that says of course it's not that
the CIA hasn't done this kind of thing
before that's that's that's an
interesting conversation right I mean I
think that there are perfectly valid
arguments to be made just when we say
okay there it's not that you know it's
not the same right it's some foreign
interference may be acceptable or
justifiable and some may not be you know
we if it's us doing it it's one thing if
it's them doing it it's nothing I mean
those arguments right let's not act like
any foreign country trying to influence
the outcome of the American election is
a priori wrong and the this is this is
not a popular argument but I think it's
an important one this president is
putting every person in the world
at risk of dying in a nuclear holocaust
this person this president is putting
every person in the world at risk of
living on a planet where irreversible
damage has been done to the climate and
so to say that the world has no business
in has no stake in the outcome of the
American election is actually
irresponsible and wrong and also
xenophobic right I mean it's very Trump
into sort of say you know we'll do
whatever we want here because we've got
our sovereignty think about that right
and then make a reasoned argument for
keeping Russians you know out of the
American public sphere because they are
so disruptive misleading you know bad
faith etc but it has to be a good
reasoned argument and not just this
ninja exhibit in Trump saying talking
about these indictments that they're
sowing creating if it was the goal of
Russia to create a skort disruption
chaos within the US and with all the
committee hearings investigations in
Party hatred they've succeeded by and
their wildest dreams they're laughing
their asses off in Moscow I you know
after a little bit over a year of
trouble there's a tweet that I actually
don't know what to do with myself now so
you have this serving all sorts of
purposes when you heard this was well
the latest in the Russian indictments
which rod Rosen Stein was very
clearancing this does not implicate the
you know Trump campaign we're just
saying that they're doing this and what
does it mean to say that these people
and these companies have been indicted I
mean they don't live here they're in
Russia they're not going to be
extradited here I mean we can conjecture
that perhaps there one or more of them
will be offered an opportunity to you
know to come here and testify in
exchange for something and maybe that's
that's that's why this indictment is
useful but I have no idea you know I
mean I think it's really important in
dealing with the stuff to actually deal
with what's out there like the
information that's available the
information that's available it's pretty
scant pretty unconvincing
and does not yet justify the amount of
attention that were painted and they and
the importance of poor assigning to it
now of course one of the things that
Trump is doing is saying okay if this
happened and he's saying this under
enormous pressure you should be
investigating President Obama he tweeted
question if all of the Russian meddling
took place during the Obama
administration right up to January
twentieth why aren't they the subject of
the investigation why didn't Obama do
something about the meddling why aren't
dem crimes under investigation ask Jeff
Sessions the president tweeted yeah I
mean this is that's the sort of reaches
the limit of of being able to engage
with the Trump in Twitter tweet I mean I
think it's a reasonable question you
know why the Obama administration didn't
do anything about the interference we
know a little bit about it I mean we
there's there's actually been pretty
decent reporting on it
we know that the Obama administration
believed that Hillary was going to win
and didn't want to put his finger on the
scale and by taking measures against
Russians I think it's entirely possible
that they were looking at the material
and thinking you know it's pretty
ridiculous material we may be seeing as
overreacting and since she's going to
win anyway you know why bother that's
that's a good journalistic story I mean
there's I don't think there's anything
there to investigate and this latest
news of the Trump administration
actually applying the sanctions that
Congress called for under enormous
pressure this week what kind of effect
would that have on Russia what kind of
effect does it have on Putin they're
just considering this right so a couple
of things first of all I mean there
there's the issue of sanctions being
required by law and the Trump
administration missing its deadline for
imposing those sanctions and that's a
problem right I mean that's a problem
regardless of the substance of these
sanctions and how useful they might be
and and whether we think they're
justified right I think that that's the
problem not
so much of trumpet which should be
focused less on the problem of trumpet
not imposing sanctions in Russia
and more on the problem of having a
president who can just dismiss a law
passed by Congress just ignore it you
know I've been that in the long run is
much more damaging to our political
system than whether it's Russia or not
would you call it very Putin asked I
would call it very puts in ask I mean
it's I would presume would absolutely do
that yeah but I mean that's not like
Putin has an independent legislature to
deal with but but certainly a Putin will
will ignore laws or reinterpret them or
redraft them as his purposes but but you
know I mean that's that's the sort of
the autocratic mentality well why you
know I'm president why should I do
something that I don't want to do and I
think that's that's very much sort of
that's trumpet that's Putin and as every
other autocrat on the planet and there
are lots of them now a second issue is
are these sanctions at all useful and
and should they be imposed and my
position is actually that we need to
stop thinking of sanctions as
instruments for changing Putin's
behavior because they don't work like
that they've never worked like that will
not work like that you know the only
thing that they can do is annoy him and
that me when he's extremely annoyed then
you know there will designs anxious I
think the monkeys killed his sanctions
extremely well-designed and and I can
explain why but they're not going to get
him to change his behavior right explain
it what do you mean by well designed so
the musculus sanctions which are
personal sanctions sanctions against
people who are whom the US government
believes to be implicated in grave
violations of human rights but they
focus on people who are fairly close to
Putin who are wealthy and they
essentially lose their ability to not
just to own assets and to travel here
but to do any business with US currency
right so it's it's a serious blow to
their businesses there we go
we'll designed is not because it's as
such a serious blow to their businesses
although it is but because Putin
positions himself as the patriarch who
distributes money in power within the
clan and those sanctions actually
directly attack his ability to
distribute money in power because the US
government basically takes away the
money and the power that he has gifted
and I think there there's brilliance to
those sanctions and that's exactly why
those sanctions are the ones that get
the biggest reaction out of Putin now
the conceit behind these sanctions there
are a couple of theories behind behind
one is that we will get the leads so mad
that they will coalesce against Putin
that's not going to happen another is
that it will hurt the Russian economy
and Putin will get worried about
becoming less popular and that's also
not going to happen the kind of regime
that Putin has built actually thrives on
economic scarcity he's not going to be
hurt by bystanders in fact the counter
sanctions that he has imposed in in
response to the sanctions the war in
Ukraine the counter sanctions have had a
bigger impact on the Russian economy
than the sanctions themselves
still I think sanctions are the right
thing to do and they're the right thing
to do not because they can affect
Putin's behavior but because it's wrong
to do business with a dictator it's
wrong to be partners with a country that
claims to be fighting terrorism when
actually it's waging war against several
nations within its own Empire and in the
guise of fighting terrorism and what I
found have been more disturbing than
Trump's failure to impose sanctions was
that that very week when he was supposed
to impose sanctions three Russian spy
chiefs who are under you sanctions came
into the country to discuss cooperation
on fighting terrorism here here came two
teams to the United States at the
invitation of the trumpet Minister add
the invitation of the Trump
administration which basically overrode
the sanctions in order to bring them to
the country for and and they clearly
think that it's politically safe to do
that because
it's fighting terrorism but actually
what it is it's being in bed with a
bloody dictator you know who imprisons
and kills his opponents and who in the
guise of fighting terrorism has killed
hundreds of thousands of people another
plea agreement was announced this one
with a 33 year old attorney Alix
vanderzwaan
who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI
about his context with Trump campaign
official Rick gates apparently he
deleted email with him vendors when a
son-in-law of German con Ukrainian
Russian billionaire one of the richest
men in Russia and the owner of alpha
group can you tell us about who he is
and the significance of this if there is
significant it's it's hard to tell right
I mean alpha group the name of alphago
has has surfaced repeatedly in
conversations about the potential ties
between Russia and Trump there was that
story about a server in the Trump Tower
that seemed to be exclusively to exist
exclusively for to facilitate
connections to alpha bank at the time
the FBI told the New York Times this is
now over a year ago
that they didn't see anything
conspicuous about that server that maybe
it was just a disused server that alpha
bank was that accidentally became the
target of alpha bank spam my guess is
that that's not really the case that
there was something something going on
but you know there we just don't have
enough information at this point to say
okay alpha group you know this this this
Dutch guy has been undated Khan's
son-in-law oh you know it's all we can
piece it all together now we can't be
said all together yet and it's still an
open question whether mullah can piece
it all together and the media's
obsession with Russia gate I mean if you
turned on CNN if you turned on MSNBC I
was talking to a Russian cabdriver the
other day and he said you know I left
Russia to escape Putin and all I see is
Putin in the United States well you know
what on the one hand all you see is
Putin in the United States on the other
hand my friends who are foreign
correspondents in Moscow are just
desperate because they haven't
they had an opportunity to write about
Russia for over a year now because all
their editors are interested in is what
Russia did to the American election and
actually that's a really great example
of how incredibly sort of circular in
our thinking we have become and how even
more self-obsessed than before the Trump
election and the effects overall on the
critical issues that are facing people
in this country I wanted to as we begin
to wrap up ask you about the news
agencies that are now registering as
foreign agents in the United States most
recently are I a global which produces
content for the Russian state-owned news
outlets Sputnik registered as a foreign
agent last week and I believe in
November RT also did yeah so they've
been they've been required by the
federal government to register as
foreign agents with I think I mean
legally it seems to be there's supposed
to be a very solid case for there
certainly how foreign agents they're
agents of a foreign state and especially
RIT which broadcasts here it's a
reasonable question to to ask about the
you know the sort of the the relevance
and consequences of the of the
requirement to register as foreign
agents because for sole Russians are
going to react they have reacted by
putting more pressure on foreign
journalists there I bet they're going to
start requiring regular you know
independently owned American media to
start registering as foreign agents
which will make it much more difficult
for these media to put to function not
that they're having a great time working
in in in Moscow in the first place it
also seems to just fuel this the sort of
xenophobic attitude without having any
real consequences I mean who like what
is the benefit of having these companies
register as foreign agents but you know
I like I wouldn't waste a lot of breath
debating this and I just want to end at
a point you made at the very beginning
with the networks obsessed with the
Russia connection and what it means
about what it leads to which is this
lack of self-reflection
when it comes to President Trump being
elected president of the United States
so ultimately we keep talking about how
Russians elected Trump and even if
everything that you know the wildest
hopes of people who are watching the
Russia investigation with bated breath
even if their wildest hopes come true
and it can be shown that Russia
influence the outcome of the election
Russia will have influenced the outcome
of the election by influencing American
public opinion which brings us to square
one
which is to ask why and how did so many
Americans decide that they wanted Donald
Trump for president and that's the
conversation we should have been having
for the last year and a half instead of
obsessing about Russia and you think it
serves the Democratic Party or at least
those entrenched in power now to
continually say look outside it couldn't
have been us I don't actually I don't
think it starts the Democratic Party I
think that because it's you know I don't
think that the problem is that the
Democratic Party gets to cover up as
failures I think the problem is that the
Democratic Party is not pushed to try to
figure out what it needs to be doing
that you know what it's not pushed to
confront the very basic fact that there
were a lot of people in this country who
went to the polls consciously to cast a
protest vote not because they thought
that Donald Trump is going to make life
better for them and is going to bring
back manufacturing but because the
system hasn't worked for them for so
long because they conscientiously went
and voted and they were told that their
life was going to get better and their
life gets worse and they don't see it
cause and effect relationship between
the the votes that they cast for
politicians who promise them things and
their lives and they finally say you
know that if Donald Trump is this is the
grenade that I can throw at the system
then I'll do that Russian American
journalist Masha Gessen her most recent
piece for The New Yorker magazine is
headlined the fundamental uncertainty of
mullahs Russia indictments when we come
back world renowned filmmaker Raoul pack
he'll respond to Wayne LaPierre
attacking gun control advocates as
communists his new film Raul pecs is
called the young Karl Marx stay with us
