this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm their meanshe
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
President Trump has called on NATO
member states to increase their military
spending to four percent of gross
domestic product doubling his previous
demand that they meet targets of two
percent by January Trump's comments made
during a tense NATO summit in Brussels
reportedly prompted the military
alliance to call an emergency session to
respond to the demands The Washington
Post reports Trump said the u.s. was
prepared to quote go it alone and
threatened to quote do his own thing
unless the target was met on Wednesday
NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg
downplayed reports of tensions with
Trump even as he said NATO members were
prepared to increase military spending
of course a prison term passivated
direct language a message on defense
spending but fundamental we all agree
speaking to reporters as NATO talks
wrapped up today Trump touted the visit
as a success and boasted about future
weapons sales to NATO allies it states
makes by far the best military equipment
in the world the best jets the best
missiles the best guns the best
everything we make by far that's one
thing I guess I assumed it prior to
taking office but I really learned since
being president our equipment is so much
better than anybody else's equipment
when you look at our companies Lockheed
and Boeing and Grumman what the material
the equipment that we make is so far
superior everybody wants to buy our
equipment in fact it's a question can
they make it because they are doing very
well can they make it for so many people
so we are helping some of those
countries get online and buy the best
equipment meanwhile anti-war groups
protested outside the NATO meeting we
protesting the growing militarism of the
EU
NATO member states role in fueling
conflict and repression against around
the world we also want to see the u.s.
takes nuclear weapons that have been
hosted on Belgian soil for the last six
years and for the Belgian government to
sign the nuclear bang treaty that was
ratified last year in the United Nations
President Trump is now flying to Britain
where he faces mass protests and then
will then go to Scotland and meet on
Monday in Finland with Russian President
Vladimir Putin to talk more about all of
this about President Trump
NATO and Russia were joined by Katrina
vanden Heuvel
editor and publisher of the Nation
magazine also cosigner of a new open
letter published Wednesday in the nation
headlined common ground for secure
elections and true national security the
letter is also signed by Daniel Ellsberg
Gloria Steinem Noam Chomsky Governor
Bill Richardson Reverend dr. William
Barbour Michael Moore among others
Katrina welcome back to Democracy Now
talk about what you're calling for and
then we'll talk about your assessment of
this NATO meeting so in this toxic
political and media environment our open
letter is calling for secure elections
and an end to the spiraling escalation
of conflict with Russia we believe you
can have secure elections and avoid
nuclear catastrophe us-russian relations
I mean this relates to the NATO
discussion are at their lowest point
perhaps in 30 years and I think in this
country the talk of Russia as a hostile
power as declaring war on us I find this
hyperbolic I think we are resilient
nation and I think some of the gravest
dangers to our election system have come
from the pollution of dark money voter
suppression gerrymandering so we need to
focus on securing our elections let us
have cyber treaties that both deal with
that and as well with command and
control but I also think that we need
and this is neither pro Trump nor
pro-putin
it is simply common sense that we need a
working relationship with Russia to dial
down
clear apparel to resolve the Ukrainian
crisis to try and bring some
humanitarian assistance to Syria there
are a whole set of issues but the
nuclear issue I think has been forgotten
by many as a truly perilous one Daniel
Ellsberg's book the doomsday machine
speaks to that former Clinton defense
secretary William Perry has said this is
the most perilous nuclear moment he's
ever seen and The Bulletin of Atomic
Scientists as you may know moved the
Doomsday Clock I think it was earlier
this year to suggest this is the most
dangerous nuclear moment between the two
superpowers nuclear superpowers so I
think our letter is an intervention by
those who don't necessarily agree on all
but understand that there is a perilous
moment we need to address now some might
be surprised that you're saying that the
u.s. is at an all-time low oil 30-year
low with relations with Russia that what
you're describing is seeing him in as
the enemy is much more what the
Democrats are doing and at what
President Trump has done now you know
saying he is not the enemy Putin he
perhaps as a competitor has made the
NATO allies the enemy so it's a
complicated moment as you will know we
need to keep our bearings it seems to me
as progressives people of the left as
people opposed to militarism as a
response to threats or challenges and I
think what Trump has done and you see it
with NATO it is a false his impulsive
belligerence is to be you know kind of
it's I mean he he looks like America's
arm salesman as he speaks in Brussels
but at the same time I would argue that
the establishment bipartisan
establishment consensus is bankrupt and
NATO is a military alliance in search of
a mission for example the misadventures
to speak mildly in Afghanistan or
longest-running war or in Libya regime
change should not be America's foreign
policy this is what an institution a
military institution not a coffee klatch
when in search of at the end of the
first Cold War when the Soviet Union
collapsed the Berlin Wall came down
George HW Bush promised then Russian
leader Gorbachev Nate
would not expand one inch eastward it
has expanded to Russia's borders over
these last years it has been
counterproductive it has been
provocative and instead of creating a
defensive alliance with Europe the
United States did with NATO was seek new
misadventures I would argue right now
the most important thing coming out of
the NATO summit is not a 4% increase
which is more militarization leaving us
less to deal with catastrophic climate
change or global inequality but put a
moratorium on NATO expansion Ukraine and
Georgia's independence should be assured
build down NATO forces on Russia's
borders suspend these military exercises
which are not only provocative but are
dangerous and that they could lead to
accidental confrontation nuclear in fact
so that there are a whole series of
measures that I think could come out of
this NATO summit what's tragic is that
we have a president who is calling for
an increase in military funding at a
time when we know the challenges of our
time demand far different approaches so
we need to find a way to both criticize
the bipartisan failed establishment to
criticize Trump and to understand that
it's a false choice as the mainstream
media often posits that he's calling for
isolationism it's a false choice it's
not isolation as a more failed consensus
it's a different path which this program
the nation many people are trying to
find amidst a lockdown of bipartisan
establishment thinking because the
thinking on Russia a me or mean is just
I've never seen anything like it I've
been studying reporting from Russia for
3035 years I've been editor of the
nation for almost 25 at least have a
debate about what a us-russian
relationship would be but I think what's
happened is that it's not fully the
reason but in the post 2016 disaster
many people wanted to locate the
Democratic Party's loss not in some of
the issues I talked about dark money
voter suppression commis letter but
really solely in Russian intervention
let the investigations proceed let us
learn what we can I think it's a
corruption investigation I think Muller
in the end may well drain the swamp that
needs draining in Washington but the
language about Putin you know Jonathan
shades peace in New York magazine this
past week where it's is Trump meeting
his counterpart or as handler every day
there's talk of Trump is a Putin asset
I'll end by saying I speak to Russian
independent any Putin opposition as
journalists quite a bit they are
astounded by the journalism in this
coverage the one note one hand clapping
that is toxic that leads people in
Russia to rally behind Putin even more
and that makes Putin seem a mastermind
and admit it when they see close up in
their reporting that's not the case well
in that context circuitry what do you
make of the fact that a Trump lashed out
at Germany in the way he did saying at
the NATO summit that Germany is
controlled by Russia and it's a very bad
thing because of its its reliance on on
gas from Russia sixty to seventy percent
he said which is obviously false that
it's a very bad thing for NATO and I
don't think it should have happened so
he's saying that any relationship with
Russia compromises NATO or that's what
he's suggesting it was an impulsive
incoherent belligerence which I don't
fully understand but there's something
serious I think in what he did he's
trying to get the monkey off his back
he's attacking Angela Merkel who's been
a you know someone who's standing up for
other values but I think above all look
at his arms sale hucksterism he's also a
huckster at a salesman for natural gas I
mean he wants us natural gas to come in
there he's not really talking about
dialing back the relationship with
Russia I really truly think it had more
to do with that it has been a concern on
the part of I mean of people in Europe
that there is a dependence on Russian
gas and oil and that's not to be denied
but hey who's really dialing back
dependence on that that's what we should
be looking at so that there isn't
you know let's do renewables and all of
that then we talk about I do think this
is an opening but I don't think they'll
seize it it would be very helpful
healthy and hopeful if Europe could find
its own way at this moment it's a
perfect opportunity a NATO you know was
designed to keep Germany down Russia out
and the u.s. in and to a large extent
NATO remains us-led military us-led
hegemonic alliance and it would be very
healthy for Europe to find a less
militarized approach to dealing with its
problems on the continent which was on
offer I mean here you have President
Trump talking about his friend Putin and
at the same time with the NATO allies
demanding that they double their own
military spending of course buy those
weapons from the United States so built
Hartung talked about on the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
zippering saying the 29 members of NATO
spent a cumulative 900 billion dollars
on their militaries in 2017 this is
compared to 66 billion dollars by Russia
so close to a trillion dollars compared
to 66 billion by Russia
so NATO spent over 13 times what Russia
spent also while the u.s. is the biggest
spender in NATO just for European
countries France the UK Germany and
Italy already together spend more than
twice what Russia does of course Bill
Hartung a director of the arms and
security project at center for
international Hartung is a sober
rationalist well-informed person what's
gone on in this country is that Russia
has because it has assumed a power and a
weight that is not commensurate with the
reality I mean in fact Putin cut
Russia's military budget in the last
months the United States spends one
third of the world's military spending
we have so much invested in our military
we are impregnable if that's how one
thinks of the world so I think one needs
to take into account those numbers Amy
but again
what we're witnessing in this country
is people losing their bearings I think
I mean and you can't fault people I
don't because Trump so cruel
is so odious that what he says taints
the possibility often of real debate I
see this with NATO we had a very good
piece the other day at the nation calm
let's disrupt NATO but it's difficult to
do when Trump is trying to disrupt a
NATO because you have to step back and
say this is our way of disruption should
NATO be abolished so you know I in
principle I think NATO should have been
abolished at the end of the first Cold
War I think at this stage what it needs
to do is be redirected redirected to be
less militarized to find different
engagement should Russia be a part of it
let me go back to what could have been
it's a great squandered opportunity what
happened at the end of the Cold War
gorbachev spoke of a zone of peace from
Vladivostok to Lisbon to demilitarize
the Warsaw Pact the russia's military
alliance was dissolved and I think at a
minimum what happened I think we should
begin to see a different kind of funding
structure for NATO we should commit to
no NATO expansion no further NATO
expansion as I said earlier and take and
end those provocative NATO military
exercises on Russia's border we I you
know our the article 1 article in the
nation yesterday does call for its
abolition reform is not enough let's
let's work toward it it's not on the
radar right now but you know these are
aspirations and fights we should have
and I think the in that the security of
Europe and the United States and
globally should increasingly be
demilitarized and moved into different
institutions the kind of fetish for this
post World War 2 liberal international
order is again what I'm talking about is
part of the bipartisan establishment
many of those institutions didn't work
that well in my view you know WTO IMF
NATO the UN needs to be rebuilt as well
I think that is an institution committed
to peace at its best but you know I
think we're at a moment where I think
this country is open to a different
engagement with the world it's not anti
war but it's against the endless wars
that NATO has been part of that too many
administrations have waged and I think
it's time to have a major reset and I
also think that we are at grave risk if
we continue down this path of ascribing
to Russia the pathologies we have
uniquely American pathologies it seems
to me that in scribing these two Russia
for example Russia's sowing discord well
you know the best activists do that they
sow discord is that what we're really
frightened of are we not a strong nation
so I think we lose ourselves if we go
down this rabbit hole of blaming Russia
for what our uniquely American
pathologies and I would include Donald
Trump as one of those what do you expect
to happen at the summit meeting between
Pope I expect it will be a small step
summit the at the atmosphere the
relationship is at such a low end but I
do think we'll see steps on arms control
at a minimum you could see the extension
of the start arms control treaty now
Trump has if Obama did it I'm gonna
wreck it mentality but he should
remember that Republican presidents have
extended arms control treaties six
Republican secretaries of state I think
that will be the main step forward I
don't see I mean you could see the
United States joining the Minsk two
Accords to kind of begin to dial down
violence and Ukraine and bring autonomy
to eastern Ukraine but I think it's
going to be arms control arms control as
any steps that could be taken should be
taken and finally the Democrats taking
the position both on North Korea and on
Russia being the ones to say stop this
don't push for peace don't try to make
agreements like this is where Amy I
think the the hyper politicization
is is so painful to watch because there
are some Democrats Roe kana is one who
has really spoken for restraint and
realism tried to keep his head and
bearings he has an interesting amendment
coming I think this week the Silicon
Valley so it's on Valentine first term
but about trying to ensure that the
United States doesn't interfere in other
countries election something we haven't
talked about I mean we've done a lot I
mean eighty countries since 1945 not
counting Iran and Chile but I the that
the Democratic Party is becoming the
party of cold war of opposing dialogue
and diplomacy is I think something that
needs to have a real reset moving
forward into the 2018 2020 elections
we're gonna break and we're gonna go to
Britain but we'd like to ask you to stay
with us because by the end of the
program I hope we can talk with George
mom via about his observation of US
politics and particularly a progressive
wave that he's seeing across the pond
from his perspective in Britain looking
at the United States Katrina vanden
Heuvel is our guest editor and publisher
of the nation we will link to the letter
that she and a number of others signed
including Noam Chomsky and Dan Ellsberg
and Gloria Steinem calling for a
reassessment of the us-russia
relationship this is democracy now when
we come back we go to Britain stay with
us
