here on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
soon we'll be speaking with Heather
hires mother Susan bro who'll be joining
us from Charlottesville but right now I
want to turn back to President Trump
last August speaking at the news
conference he held in the lobby of Trump
Tower his residence here in New York
defending his decision to wait two full
days before placing blame on white
supremacist for the deadly violence in
Charlottesville Virginia during the news
conference the president attack the
anti-racist counter protesters repeating
his earlier claim there was violence on
all sides
I think there's blame on both sides you
look at you look at both sides
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it and you don't
have any doubt about it either and if
you reported it accurately you would say
but you also had people that were very
fine people on both sides
no that was president Trump AC Thompson
talked about his response and the effect
you believe it had you know four members
of the white power movement this was a
sort of opening they said hey the
president is basically lending us some
support he's not totally condemning us
he's he's saying some of us are fine
people and the folks that I talked to in
that movement took heart in that they
felt inspired and excited about that and
they thought you know this guy is on our
side
so you decide in Charlottesville you're
trying to figure out who the people are
who are carrying the torches who are the
people hitting beating going after those
bystanders also a smaller group of
protestors who were directly confronting
them and the thousands that were also
there right you know what what we saw
there was
a police failure on the day but we also
saw what seemed to be a sort of ongoing
slow-moving law enforcement failure to
bring the people who'd been involved in
these incredibly vicious altercations to
justice and hold them accountable and
what we wanted to do was go figure out
who were these people what had they done
and and sort of why had they eluded the
authorities what had happened in the
intervening months and so we set out to
sort of identify these characters and
identify specific crimes that we could
sort of tell people hey look this is
something that happened and nobody has
been held accountable so were you just
tracking the FBI tracking the police
tracking these people no no we were
doing our own investigation we were we
were you know basically trying to figure
this out all on our own and for me I was
immediately drawn to a group called the
rise above movement and they're based in
Southern California I live in California
and they had been involved in violent
protests up and down my state and when I
realized oh these guys weren't in
Charlottesville too I thought this is a
group that I need to focus on because
they are a white power street fighting
crew they are capable of significant
violence in sort of ways that some of
these other actors aren't they're
trained fighters and I had seen them
involved in these really really nasty
attacks on both coasts that's rise above
movements the rise of BAE and Graham so
talk about Rob Rondo so Rob mundo is the
founder of the group he's a young man
who grew up here in New York City he was
in Queen Flushing Queens he at the time
when he was growing up he ran like a
small multiracial gang they had an
altercation with ms-13 the Salvadoran
gang mundo ended up stabbing a member of
that gang multiple times he went to show
that on video it's on a video yeah we
have the surveillance video and he went
to prison in upstate New York and by the
time he got out of prison he was
definitely a committed white supremacist
he ends up moving to California and he
starts up a new gang the rise above
movement and this is a political white
premises gang and so talk about
Charlotte's ville and Rob Brenda's
presence there so he wasn't there but
his people were there and they were
involved in multiple skirmishes that we
saw so one of them was a guy named Mike
miss Ellis and Mike masalas we have
documentary evidence of him hurling a
full coke can at counter-protesters we
believe he threw a rock at
counter-protesters he came with his
hands taped up like a boxer as if he was
preparing for a fight he was wearing a
mouth guard like a boxer would wear and
we have video of him engaging in this
altercation with counter protesters
where he pushes a couple to the ground
and starts punching them when they're on
the ground
he's colleague Ben Daley enters into the
fray and chokes and attacks
- female counter protesters leaving them
bloody so this was a pretty nasty bite
that we saw that seemed totally
unnecessary and that we captured on
video our goal was at that when we first
started doing this work we didn't know
these guys names we didn't know what
they had done we were trying to identify
them and we said we want to know who
these guys in this video are so on July
5th
you reported a story about Michaelmas
Ellis for ProPublica headlined he is a
member of a violent white supremacist
group so why is he working for a defense
contractor with a security clearance
one day after your story was published
Michaelmas Ellis lost his job talk about
how you tracked him down you know so we
had these photos and videos and we we
had seen him at these rallies but we
didn't know his name we didn't know who
he was eventually over many months we
were able to get a break that led us
that gave us his name and we were able
to corroborate that yeah this is the guy
talk about that prick we had a law
enforcement source who said hey this is
this is evidence is going to lead you to
this guy and helped us lead us to that
name we went and saw Michael masalas and
it's in our film and said hey can you
confront him when he's getting in his
car where this is in Southern California
not far from the northrop grumman plant
and you can watch the video and decide
what you think about it but I was struck
by the fact that he seemed kind of
highly unsurprised to have somebody come
and say hey what were you doing in
Charlottesville last summer he to me he
didn't seem particularly shocked by that
he immediately said of course I wasn't
there but you kept pushing right he said
he said I wasn't there and he denied
being there at the time
he has since or his group has since gone
back on that and acknowledged that he
was there and talked about in Northrop
Grumman so Northrop Grumman at first
said nothing we kept asking them hey
what's the story with this guy how did
he get a security clearance what is he
doing working for your company and and
they said nothing to us we made repeated
queries to them about this then when we
published our story they issued a
statement saying hey we don't approve of
this we're investigating we're concerned
about this the CEO of the company at the
time sent out a bulletin to everybody on
the staff and internal bulletin saying
this is it's not good we're not down
with this and eventually we were alerted
that they had been that he had been left
go from the company and when was that
the day after about 24 hours afterwards
and what other images did you did you
have images of him at other locations we
had we had video of him in Berkeley and
we had video of him in Charlottesville
both times in in these violent
altercations and really looking like he
was prepared for violence so hands taped
up goggles mouthpiece and that kind of
thing
and when you talk about these protests
in California for those who are not
familiar with them
no Charlottesville because well a person
died there Heather hire and again and a
few minutes we'll be talking with her
mother but you had seen this coming with
talk about this the series of unite the
right rallies that were held throughout
California yes so there was in in 2016
in 2017 there was a whole string of
far-right and racist rallies that
occurred throughout California and
every one of these turned into a
bloodbath
so you had a Klan rally in the spring of
2016 in Anaheim three people were
stabbed you had a Nazi rally in
Sacramento in 2016 the summer seven
people were stabbed and then you had
conflicts in Huntington Beach a Trump
March where the rise above movement
first made his presence known and there
were numerous altercations a journalist
from the OC weekly newspaper was
attacked there by the rise above
movement and then you had Berkeley and
the Berkley battles the Berkeley
demonstrations were incredibly violent
sort of street fighting political
warfare in the streets events that went
on through the spring that rise above
movement was present Nazi groups were
present other white supremacist groups
and also sort of less extreme pro Trump
groups were there but these were really
highly highly violent scenarios that
were poorly policed where they got out
of control and just spun on for hours
you know earlier I asked you if you were
tracking the FBI tracking them but I
mean I think what clearly comes through
in your documentary is your sort of
utter surprise that you felt like you
were out there on your own tracking
these people right exactly like that
that was art that was our sense for much
of the work that we were doing was that
there was not a lot of interest from law
enforcement in these characters I
believe that has possibly changed now
but while we were doing our work it
wasn't like there was an investigative
trail left by law enforcement for us to
follow I want to ask you about the US
Marine Corps Lance Corporal who you
identify as a neo-nazi and assailant
during last August bloody white
supremacist rally in Charlottesville
Virginia so that's basilly as pistoles
and pistolas is I would say a
fascinating and disturbing character he
at the time in the Charlottesville rally
he was a member of what I would say is
the most extreme most dangerous white
supremacist group and that's the Adam
Waffen division which is a group of
committed domestic Nazi terrorists whose
goal is to start a race war overthrow
the US government and establish a
fascist state
they aim to do that through guerrilla
warfare assassination and political
terrorism so at the same time pistola
s-- is serving in the Marine Corps he is
in a group that is dedicated to
overthrowing the government through
force of arms
no atom Waffen ato MW AFF en right so
that means in German that means nuclear
weapons and then with the the English
word division so it's sort of a nod to
the Third Reich and talk about the in
encrypted chance that they have online
talk about discord right so so working
with my colleagues Jake Hanrahan and
Ally Winston we were able to get access
to 250,000 chat messages sent privately
by the group and they sort of really lay
out the group's ideology their
intentions and sort of their Menace you
know some of the chat messages that we
got included people talking about
specific plans to blow up the the power
grid in western states they talked about
plans to manufacture weapons they talked
about training camps that they were
doing in the Nevada desert in the
Midwest training people in hand-to-hand
combat and guerrilla warfare
you took your information back to Emily
Gorski right in Charlottesville and
explained what you found and what she
had been looking for as well right so
Emily and I had been messaging one
another since shortly after the
Charlottesville events and she was
trying to figure out hey who attacked me
on the night of the 11th and we had some
notion that perhaps it was the rise
above movement we knew that they were
there and they were close to her maybe
it was somebody else and eventually I
come across in these chat logs Basilius
pistolas talking quite explicitly about
attacking Emily it was attacking many
other people he said this is really
important he didn't just say I attacked
this person he talked about her
Emily Gore sinski right right that was
what was stunning to
that was like you never see that right
it's like somebody has just offered you
up the evidence right there and I think
it's because Emily had been
live-streaming that and so people
started on the far right started knowing
her name and then he wanted to take
credit for that assault and from
everything we can tell we know he was
there we have video of him entering that
fray Emily's not entirely sure if the
kick that he launched actually hit her
but he she knows and we can see from the
video that he propelled himself into
that melee and that basically the
violence escalated from the time that he
jumped in he also you know later said we
have video of him beating somebody with
a wooden flagpole the next day and he
posted these messages saying hey I split
I think he said I split three skulls
today with virtually no damage to myself
you know I had so much fun at unite the
right so he was a guy who was bragging
about the violence he engaged in you
know he posted photos of himself in
these private chats attacking people so
talk about how you tracked him to his
employer so that was it that's one of
the fascinating things about these chat
logs from the Adam Levine division is
you start looking at them and you
realize oh there are several people who
are active duty or former military in
this group people that have good combat
training people that know their way
around weapons and we thought let's
finally go when we had enough evidence
go to the Marine Corps and say hey look
this is this is what we know about this
guy who works for you and where does he
work for them at that time he was a
lance corporal at Camp Lejeune down in
North Carolina which is a place that's
actually had sort of persistent problems
with white supremacists over the years
it's Adam Waffen leader yeah he's down
there he's on base working with the
Marine Corps down there he was a water
purification specialist at that time and
we said look here's photos here's video
here's what we're gonna say we need to
know if you guys have taken action
against this guy at all do you know
out him and what what should we know
about him you know and put that out to
them and what did they say what we found
out was that there had already been an
investigation into pistolas
by military investigators and apparently
the investigation stalled or was dropped
or didn't go somewhere but there had
been investigation for at least six
months into his conduct in the military
you cannot be a member of an active
white supremacist group that is against
military regulations in all branches of
the service you also you know engaging
in criminal activity like assaulting
people
he's also barred but for some reason the
Marine Corps had not acted on the
information that it had that it had
since before we talked to them six
months before they were tipped off about
this and they had allowed him to remain
in the Corps so you have all the
evidence you of the video you have the
him beating right Emily worse
instigating others right and at that
point it seems like they took more
aggressive action so they ended up
court-martialing facilities pistolas
and they recently separated him from the
service which is jargon to say that they
have out stood him from the service but
I would point out that the court-martial
that they did with pistols was basically
a misdemeanor court-martial and it just
said hey you weren't following orders
you were misleading your superiors and
gave him 30 days in the Brig
and then the discharge that they went
through with him I would say from what I
can tell is not the not a particularly
severe sort of discharge because those
things are graded you know an other than
honorable a dishonorable discharge these
are serious and I'm not sure that that
was the kind of thing that he got
because it just it just it just happened
and and like I said this was basically a
misdemeanor court-martial that he got
and you tracked him down you actually
talked to him in the document actually
talked to my emailed him first at his
email which included the numbers 88
which is a code for Heil Hitler
among my supremacists and he gave me a
bunch of different stories you know he
gave me he said look I have alright
beliefs he suggested like yes I am a
white supremacist he denied he was in
Charlotte but he denied he was in
Sheffield at first and then I said look
I've got videos of you I've got photos
of you I've got chat logs where you're
talking about this stuff it sure looks
like you I don't know you know you don't
have a body double that I know of so
explain this to me and he just basically
said hey you know how about you don't
publish this and somewhere down the road
I'll give you information about other
white power figures and that'll help
your career because you probably don't
to work at ProPublica for the rest of
your life and I said no thanks I think
we should do this story we're gonna
break and they see when I asked you to
stay with us but when we come back we'll
also be joined by Susan bro the mother
of Heather hire the 32 year old
anti-racist activists who was run down
by a white supremacist a year ago and
killed AC Thompson is correspondent for
the frontline PBS documentary that and
reporter for ProPublica his
investigation documenting hate
Charlottesville will premiere tonight
around the country stay with us
