well the National Rifle Association is
facing pressure to reveal more details
about its role helping president Trump
win the 2016 election last week a
Russian gun rights activist Maria
boutina who had Direct ties with the NRA
was charged by the justice department
with acting as an unregistered agent of
the Russian government she was arrested
in Washington DC as she was preparing to
return to Russia bhutana is accused of
trying to infiltrate the NRA and other
right-wing groups she worked for the
Russian Banker Alexander torsion a
longtime friend of the NRA who now
serves as a deputy head of the Russian
Central Bank in January McClatchy
reported the FBI was investigating with
the torsion illegally funneled money to
the NRA to help Trump the NRA spent more
than 30 million dollars back in uh
president Trump as a candidate more than
twice what it spent on Mitt Romney's run
in 2012. Maria boutina and Alexandra
torsion attended a number of NRA events
and other right-wing gatherings in
recent years in 2015 Maria bhutna
attended the freedom Fest conference in
Las Vegas where she had a chance to
question then candidate Donald Trump
my question will be of all important
politics if you would be elected as a
president what will be your foreign
politics especially even to the
relationships with my country and do you
want to continue the politics of
sanctions that are damaging of both
economy or you have any other ideas I
believe I would get along very nicely
with Putin okay and I mean where we have
the strength I don't think you'd need
the sanctions I think that we would get
along very very well less than a year
later in March 2016 Maria buchina and
Alexander torsion briefly met with
Donald Trump Jr at a fundraising dinner
in Louisville two months later an NRA
member named Paul Erickson who at the
time was in a relationship with bhutina
wrote an email titled quote Kremlin
connection to a trump advisor in the
email Erickson wrote Russia was quietly
but actively seeking a dialogue with the
U.S Erickson is a longtime Republican
operative who advise the presidential
campaigns of Pat Buchanan and Mitt
Romney he also served on the board of
the American conservative Union in
recent Years Maria boutina was also
photographed with many top Republican
officials including Wisconsin governor
Scott Walker former presidential
candidate Rick Santorum an NRA president
Wayne LaPierre to talk more about more
about rest of Maria boutena we're joined
by Greg Gordon Washington correspondent
for McClatchy has written a number of
expose about the NRA's ties to Russia
Greg Gordon welcome back to democracy
Now talk about who Maria boutin is
bhutana is how she fits into the NRA and
this bigger story of the NRA in Russia
good morning Amy and one and one I share
your sadness about the Daily News
uh uh so this is one of fascinating and
concerning shoot of the uh
investigations that are underway right
now into Russia's influence uh in the
2016 election
and uh the quest one question that is
unanswered still is whether Russia
somehow funneled money to the NRA to
beef up its support for Trump the NRA
spent just a little over 10 million
dollars on Mitt Romney in 2012 and now
we're over 30 million dollars and
probably more because they don't have to
publicly report the money they spend on
getting out the vote and that that sort
of thing so
patina
came to the United States uh
in August of 20.
16 to ostensibly to become a graduate
student at American University but at
the same time she's forged all these
relationships and she also at the behest
of Alexander torsion headed a Russian
gun rights group called the right to
bear arms which was seems a there seems
to be a disconnect here on this with
regard to this group because Vladimir
Putin doesn't want his citizenry to be
owning guns except maybe a hunting rifle
in any event there this led to the
formation of this group and torsion's uh
forays to meet with NRA officials led to
a bond between these two groups there
were cross visits uh NRA board members
and former leaders went over to and in
fact an NRA president Pete Brownell went
over to Russia
and were hosted and treated to Lavish
Meals by the this this group of enter of
Russian officials and they also met with
some high-ranking Russian officials
during their visits and there's a lot of
things going on here because some of the
Russian gun companies were trying to get
into the U.S market uh Kalashnikov the
famed manufacturer was was under U.S
sanctions
and so this this relationship continued
heading into the campaign and in 2016
according to the FBI which was tracking
uh boutina very closely
she was very active in trying to set up
meetings and back Channel Communications
through the NRA
between U.S officials and Russian
officials uh the the indictment of
boutina is it appears to be uh does uh
the the first strike by by the FBI
given that the the charging documents
State clearly that
torsion himself is also incriminated and
describe him as a co-conspirator so here
you have and torsion is an is a close
Ally of course of Vladimir Putin as so
many of these figures oligarchs and the
Russian officials upper echelons of
their government
are and they've all popped up in
different places in this massive
investigation of Russian influence which
is when every time some new piece comes
out you have to take a step back and say
wow they're doing this too they were
they were hacking the Democratic top
Democratic officials they were blitzing
uh social media space with with messages
that were either pro-trump harshly
critical of Hillary Clinton or were
trying to sow Discord board with with
messages about immigration but a lot of
messages about gun rights so the
Russians clearly saw the NRA and the gun
rights movement which backed Trump so
strongly uh as as an important uh
channel to uh according to the FBI to to
make a connection uh they were there
were forays by Alexander torsion also to
try to set up a one-on-one meeting
during the campaign between Trump and
and Putin and torsion himself thought
that he was going to have a meeting he
tried to have a meeting with Trump and
he was blocked at the last minute uh
there's also a blend here with the
religious groups a religious right in
America because uh the
torsion and Maria boutina and arranged
for a delegation of Russians to attend
the National Prayer Breakfast and what's
one of the things interesting that
hasn't really drawn much attention is
that that
um the this carried well into
2017 and even into 2018 and they just
arrested Maria boutina last week uh as
she was preparing in the FBI's view to
leave the country well Greg I wanted to
ask you in terms of the you mentioned
that the 30 million dollars that the uh
the NRA spent on in support of trump a
lot of that was about 23 million was
supposedly by its lobbying arm which uh
the lobbying arm does not have to
disclose its donors publicly so what do
you think are the chances now that uh
Mueller and his investigators have begun
to or have already subpoenaed the the
information on who were the donors to
the uh to the NRA yes and my partner
Peter Stone and I reported last month
that uh
legal experts say it's highly likely
that the FBI the IRS and and prosecutors
have seen the secret reports that that
up until about a week ago were required
to school to disclose these dark money
donors uh and and uh we're talking about
23 million dollars of the 30 million
that was spent by the lobbying arm now
let's be clear here the Russians are not
stupid enough to chant to pump a bunch
of money directly to the uh you know in
the name of of the Russian government or
an oligarch or and so forth to pump
money into the NRA that way that just
that just wouldn't happen uh everything
we've seen is that they're always
there's always uh uh you know seeking
plausible deniability for everything
that happens and of course uh the quote
one of the key questions here is if
money if money from the Russians went in
to the NRA's coffers did the NRA know
about it because it could have come in
through a limited liability Corporation
and these corporations do not have to
disclose their their beneficial owners
the people behind them so uh one of the
questions that Senator Ron Wyden of
Oregon was uh had had a direct exchange
with the NRA's General Consul over
several weeks this winter and he was
pressing to find out about this you know
could could the NRA have gotten money
from the Russians for another purpose
and then use that money to offset uh uh
offset the money that already was
devoted to those purposes and channeled
that into the election
the NRA has said in 2016 it got a grand
total of twenty five hundred dollars
from Russian donors some of these were
membership dues and so forth from from
Al Alexander torsion and and others and
and these uh uh monies they said were
not used in the election so uh this is a
this is a uh
peace Greg a lawyer who worked for NRA
said to have had concerns about groups
Russia ties yes uh uh cleta Mitchell who
was a former NRA attorney was described
by sources as expressing concerns about
uh how the NRA was handling its money in
2016
um and we we contacted her and uh she
was very upset and and denied it
adamantly
um however we went back to our sources
again and again and they stuck to their
to that account so uh we'll have to see
how that piece plays out now bear in
mind we were basically asking cleta
Mitchell to talk about uh or whether she
talked about a former client and in any
way compromise the attorney-client
privilege that would have been in play
so Maria boutina uh I'm sorry so cleta
Mitchell is is was in a bad spot and we
were and and but but it's interesting
that this could have happened and I must
say that since our original story in
January we've confirm confirmed more
more about the original uh allegations
and of course this goes the release of
this indictment return of this
indictment also tends to confirm what we
reported but we'll have to see whether
any money really was exchanged and Greg
called in who is uh Constantine
Nicolette the uh the oligarch the
Russian oligarch linked to Maria bujina
thank you for asking I meant to mention
so the Washington Post reported I
believe yesterday morning
that Maria boutina had a funder who was
a Russian oligarch named Constantine
nicoletev so nicolete was not named in
the government to the prosecutors uh
documents they filed last week uh in
which by the way they I want to mention
before we finish here about about the
sex but uh nicolaev according to the
Washington Post was identified by Maria
boutina when she testified to the Senate
intelligence committee
um as the funder of of some of her
activities and the and the the charging
documents point out that she said that
she needed 125 000 budget to proceed uh
with her various uh contacts with U.S
political officials and and and
intelligence officials were possible uh
and and that's a big budget for a
graduate student
um so in the meantime she was uh she'd
formed a relationship with an uh NRA
um sometimes NRA fundraiser and
Republican operative named Paul Erickson
uh as I believe you mentioned him before
and according to the latest government
filings uh Maria boutina had a romantic
relationship with Mr Erickson who we
believe is a person identified in the uh
in in the doc these documents as person
number one according to the prosecutors
she had was having this romantic
relationship but disdained disdained
having having doing this and that she
also offered sex in return for influence
with another person during her time here
that the FBI was able to track so
um and Maria boutina
in emails talked about an offer to work
for the Russian intelligence agency the
FSB so uh you know we're we're we're
going to be fascinated and see where
this case goes will she be he was he
actually go to trial will there be uh
was she is it possible now she is the
only Russian so far to be in U.S custody
as part of this Broad and these these
investigations Mueller's investigation
the U.S attorney's office and uh for the
District of Columbia's investigation
into boutina and the NRA and the or in
possible movement of money into the NRA
I'm going to be careful about that the
NRA has repeatedly said it has not been
contacted by the FBI throughout which is
fascinating but that doesn't mean the
the FBI hasn't uh combed through its
possible donors so so we'll have to see
where this goes but if
let's just say if if they find that
money went to the NRA that will open up
a whole new Avenue of questions about
whether there was any coordination
between the NRA's uh pro-trump spending
during the campaign and the Trump
Campaign which would not be permissible
under current federal election laws
let's turn to Maria boutina in her own
words speaking at Freedom Fest
conference in 2015 the same year Donald
Trump attended the Las Vegas event
so I'm the founder and now I'm the board
member of the right Burns this is all
Russian public organization we promote
gun rights our main District because I
think the freedom is very important and
the basic of any freedom is of course
gun rights economy and I would like to
know more and bring this knowledge to
Russia and traveling from Moscow from
Russia and I hope it will be useful in
my company
so um Greg Gordon if you can comment on
what she's saying and how she was taken
how she was arrested and denied Baal was
she leaving the country
that's what the FBI says and and let me
just say Maria boutina appears to have
been ubiquitous she was everywhere it
seems she was sending Tweets about gun
gun rights I was reading one yesterday
where she she hooked up with a 80 80
something year old woman who was uh you
know concealed carry or or was firing a
powerful uh uh gun at a range and and
she
uh she went out to the ranges around the
Washington area and scouted them out uh
there are photos of Maria boutina
wearing
um sort of racy outfits with and and and
pointing weapons and uh she's she's uh
you know she met with John Bolton uh and
of course she was at the as many NRA
events uh as she could as she could make
it and and um
uh you know the question is you know
what was the plan here and did she know
about money if there was money moving in
illicitly uh through perhaps an oligarch
or a or or another channel the Russians
are very good at moving money and hiding
it through offshore you know a whole
chain of offshore accounts did that
happen here that's the question the FBI
has been I think trying to determine you
know get to the bottom of but at the
same time uh there's a separate issue of
what kind of um just influence they were
seeking trying to trying to broaden uh
the Russian sphere of influence in the
western world is that is that what this
was all about or was there more
