here on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
as we turn now to what's been described
as one of the most startling police
corruption scandals in a generation and
Baltimore Maryland closing arguments are
scheduled to begin today for two
Baltimore police officers who face
racketeering conspiracy and robbery
charges
the officers were part of an elite
plainclothes unit called the gun trace
task force but according to prosecutors
the unit acted more like a criminal
outfit in his opening argument during
the trial the lead federal prosecutor
Leo wise said quote they were simply put
both cops and robbers according to
prosecutors the officer stole hundreds
of thousands of dollars from city
residents they broke into houses they
stole drugs then gave them to drug
dealers they carried BB guns that they
could plant on people they shot six
members of the task force have already
pled guilty baltimore state's attorney
has already dropped at least 125
criminal cases related to the task force
but many more convictions have been
called into question to talk more about
this massive police scandal we're joined
by Charlaine Eiffel she's president and
director counsel of the n-double a-c-p
Legal Defense Fund welcome back to
Democracy Now it's great to have you
with us cherylin explain what's going on
in this Baltimore courtroom you know
Rachel you sorry Amy
you explain so beautifully the the scope
of the case but I think I want to zero
in on some of the points that make this
really unique so first of all remember
this case was brought by rod Rosenstein
the Deputy Attorney General to to mr.
sessions right before he left being the
US attorney in Baltimore this is the
case he brought and he used they said
the exact same line Amy that you just
said that this is about cops who were
also robbers he brought the indictments
against the six officers in this elite
gun task force unit so that's important
to remember first of all that this was
the Republican US attorney now working
for sessions who brought this case and
then all of the things that you
described make this case really
important and it's important because
we're right in the process of Baltimore
launching this process this consent
decree process that comes as a result of
the pattern and practice investigation
from the Department of Justice two years
ago
and as we launched this consent decree
process we are hearing the revelations
of this gun task force unit this is so
important because what we're hearing
from these officers who are testifying
is precisely what we've been hearing
from community residents about the
reality of cops who are corrupt on the
Baltimore police force you described it
robbing residents robbing drug dealers
you know we heard about kids being
arrested on dirt bikes when they're
eight years old it turns out these
officers were selling dirt bikes they
were engaged with bail bondsman in
Baltimore County across the city limits
to engage in this drug activity and then
even more startling one officer who was
scheduled to testify the next day in the
trial involving this case was killed
was killed in a Baltimore alley the
first reports were that he was murdered
as you can imagine this set the town on
edge then it was unclear whether he was
murdered then it's possible that it was
a suicide the Baltimore City Police
Department asked the FBI to get involved
the FBI refused to get involved this
officer was killed the night before he
was to testify in this trial and we just
learned this week one of the officers
testified that he used to steal money
with this officer who was killed so we
have an unsolved police killing we don't
know whether it was murder we don't know
whether it was suicide we have all of
these revelations and we have this
process this moment in which Baltimore
is supposed to be transforming its
policing through this consent to talk
about how long this went on for years
it's some say it may have been up to ten
years but some say at least five years
that this was going on and that's why
it's important
Amy because this was not uncovered by
the Baltimore state's attorney this was
not uncovered by City Hall this was not
in covered by internal affairs in fact
the police officers who testified this
week said that internal affairs was just
part of the culture this was only
uncovered by a federal investigation
into the Baltimore City Police
Department so the questions on the table
for us have to be Amy what are the
structural changes that the city is
prepared to put in place not only
because of the consent decree process
but because there seemed to be no way to
find out that this kind of criminality
was happening within the police so you
keep mentioning the consent decree yeah
decrese or under siege all over the
country during the Trump administration
explain what it was what this is
so the consent decree came as a result
of the federal investigation this is
under the Obama Justice Department of
the Baltimore Police Department they
laid out a pattern and practice of
unconstitutional policing in the city
and then negotiated with the city said
you know we're suing you and negotiated
with the city and agreement a consent
decree which is a federally supervised
settlement and that consent decree is
supposed to do certain kinds of things
that will transform policing in
Baltimore but in the meantime we had a
new election and mr. Trump came into
office and his attorney general Jeff
Sessions doesn't believe in consent
decrees and in fact right up at the
moment that the consent decree was to be
fully approved by the federal judge
sessions tried to pull out try to pull
out of the consent decree process in
fact we tried to intervene in the case
to make sure that this process would go
forward the judge to his credit would
not allow the Department of Justice out
they said you negotiated the consent
decree you're staying in this so we're
very closely monitoring this process to
make sure that the Department of Justice
does its job but also to make sure that
the city and the Department of Justice
are taking all of this into account in
terms of thinking through what kind of
transformation is needed in Baltimore so
talk about the state's attorney now
dropping 125 cases and looking into many
more well think about all of the people
who were arrested as a result of the
officers in this task force all of the
all of those convictions all of those
please I mean even if you weren't
convicted you've got an arrest record
all of that has to now come into
question and so the state's attorney has
a big job in front of her to deal with
that we also have one other shoe that
hasn't dropped in this case yet Amy
which is quite shocking the reports are
that there was an assistant state's
attorney that tipped off the officers
that they were under investigation we
haven't heard the name of that assistant
state's attorney yet but that's yet
another issue that has to be dealt
laying that well how did the officers
find out at some point the officers
found out that the feds were looking
into this although I have to say the
officers engaged in this conduct even
during the federal pattern practice
investigation that's how bold they were
but at some point it's reported these
the officers on trial or detective
Daniel her SOLAS right
if Martin accept the plea and so and so
the question is who tipped them off who
tipped off the group of officers that
they were being investigated and the
rumor is that there was an assistant
state's attorney that tipped them off we
haven't heard the name yet we haven't
had confirmation of that but that would
once again here's something that
ostensibly doesn't even fall within the
bounds of the consent decree but that
has to be taken up so there are a lot of
different proposals in Baltimore right
now that the Baltimore needs a Police
Commission the first of all we need a
full investigation and a scrubbing from
top to bottom an app Commission for
Baltimore many people are suggesting
that that we need an ongoing Commission
that oversees the Baltimore Police
Department that it can't just be the one
Police Commissioner but you know one of
the things that's most important Amy
here is people have to learn out of this
case that you have to listen to the
community people in the community have
been talking about the officers in this
force have been talking about the kinds
of corruption that's now being confirmed
and they were disbelieved and so when
people looked at the unrest after the
death of Freddie gray and said why are
people tearing up their own community
why are people responding in this way
and many of us were saying this reflects
the frustration of years of this
community this reflects the frustration
of not being heard this reflects the
frustration of not being believed this
reflects the frustration of not
believing that police officers in their
community at least all of them are fully
engaged in in public safety I mean this
is the city of Freddie gray this is the
city of Freddie gray so for those you
know I tweeted out this week you know
where is the national media on this
because you know the national media
descended on Baltimore when the unrest
was happening to find out you know what
was going on and why were people
so-called rioting and you know the the
language that was used to describe these
young people that they were thugs and so
forth but now when we get this really
important piece of the puzzle to explain
what really was happening in these
communities the national media is not in
Baltimore they're not there to get the
answer and so I think this case is so
important because to the extent that
we're looking at this in around the
country issues of policing and the need
for policing reform Baltimore provides a
perfect place to look at it look this is
not just about the community
this is also about officers if you're if
you're you know we talked about good
apples and bad apples if you're a good
Apple I mean when what we're hearing
this week the revelations in this trial
suggests that no good Apple could
prevail in that environment in fact
there's one officer who was a new new
recruit new trainee went out and went
out with one of these seasoned officers
and when it was clear that he would not
rob drug dealers he was he was no longer
asked to be part of the task force so
police officers themselves to the to
those who have integrity and those who
believed in Public Safety should be
interested in this case should care
about this and should want change to
happen you also tweeted as you
castigated the national media saying
where are you you said that this
corruption trial has the potential to
reframe our entire national conversation
about law enforcement and minority
communities absolutely because as I
suggested it it confirms so many things
that the community had been saying over
years and and the reframing that needs
to happen is to bring those voices to
the table to allow those voices to have
air to let them be believed that
communities are a key part of the public
safety narrative without question in
Baltimore has been besieged by violent
crime over the past few years and I've
been saying for some time that until we
resolve the issue of policing and trust
between the the distrust the legitimate
distrust that many members of the
community have for law enforcement we
can't deal with issues of Public Safety
and this demonstrates the way in which
communities have been preyed upon by
officers in ways that make them
unwilling to trust the police they will
not call and say this is what I saw
they will not be witnesses they will not
trust those who claim they need their
help to solve crimes
so until we deal with that issue until
we deal with the legitimate distrust of
the community towards law enforcement
because of officers like those in this
task force we can't get to the kind of
Public Safety outcomes that everyone
wants your organization has just sent a
letter to the US Department of Justice
about Baltimore and about the
of training that's been exposed by an
academy instructor explain what's going
on okay here's the here's the other shoe
that drops if you can believe this Amy
last Friday the officer charged with
training the police recruits in legal
standards that govern their conduct
announced on Friday that a third of the
recruits set to graduate that weekend
last weekend
had failed the tests the basic scenario
training tests that govern their
knowledge of the legal standards under
which they are to operate that is
probable cause for arrest and so forth a
third of the recruits
now this is not sherrilyn Ifill who said
this this is the officer charged with
training the recruits who rings the
alarm bell and warns that assert of them
are not ready they graduate anyway on
Saturday and so we sent a letter to the
Department of Justice we sent a letter
to the mayor saying no officer who has
failed the test of constitutional
policing should be patrolling our
streets this is not fair to the
community it's also not fair to those
cadets retrain them train them until
they can pass the test instead what they
did was they gave them an older less
rigorous test so that they could all
pass this is the kind of thing that this
is happening while this trial is
happening while we're moving forward
with the consent decree and part of what
we asked for is we want to integrate all
of these processes we want to bring this
all to the table this is a difficult job
for the mayor a difficult job for the
new police chief without question a
difficult job through this consent
decree but it begins with confronting
the problem and the problem is not just
that there's violence in the community
which is how it's too often framed by
city leaders the problem is that there
are also problems in the police
department even the Fraternal Order of
Police came out the same day and said
you know officers need better training a
tube to meet these constitutional
standards they actually thanked the
Academy instructor his name sergeant
Josh Rosen and he's quoted in the
Baltimore Sun as saying we're giving
them a badge and a gun tomorrow
the right to take
someone's life that's right if it calls
for it and they have not demonstrated
they can meet basic constitutional and
legal standards can it be can it be more
condemning can I mean what a what a line
that comes out of the police department
not from the outside and so to me that's
a cry for help for him to publicly say
that he is ringing the alarm bell that
even the police union can hear that
anyone can hear and and yet those
officers graduated anyway and so our
letter really demands that the mayor and
that the the police chief deal with
these officers make sure that they're
trained properly examine the training
that they're even providing and and be
able to say to the community of
Baltimore that we have put no officer on
the street who has not been fully and
adequately trained and who has not
demonstrated his or her competence in
understanding the laws that govern their
conduct a badge a you know a shield a
gun a Taser pepper spray these are the
instruments the implements that we give
these individuals to walk through the
community I mean there are so many cases
here and so many you've been involved
with this is from WBAL former Baltimore
Police Detective Mamadou Gondo also said
Deputy Commissioner Dean Palmer coached
officers on what to say after a fatal
shooting in 2009 former gun squad
detective Jamel ryeom shot and killed
Sean Kennedy after a traffic stop Gondo
said ryan said it was a close-range shot
and Ryan was heard to say I just didn't
want to chase him yet another case and
and that Deputy Commissioner resigned
this week he says it's unrelated to this
he says he did not coach this officer
but yes Sean Kennedy was killed turns
out it was at close range shockingly his
family received only a $100,000 verdict
in their wrongful death suit yet another
revelation that came out of this trial I
mean this is I don't know how to even
describe the depth of corruption that we
have heard and lawlessness that we have
heard in this trial and this should be
echoing through
the nation not to dump on Baltimore to
recognize that the community has
legitimate concerns that this is a law
enforcement apparatus that needs real
help and really to reinforce for us
something that you raised Amy the
importance of a federal presence this
would not have come to light without
that investigation by rod Rosenstein by
the US attorney who's under serious
serious fire right now this would not
have we would not have an apparatus for
transformation without this federal
consent decree that came as a result of
the pattern and practice investigation
by Loretta Lynch when she was Attorney
General this all has come as a result of
federal intervention and yet we have a
president and Attorney General now who
have put the brakes on it they have
turned off the tap on pattern and
practice investigations and they will no
longer use their resources to engage in
those kinds of investigations in in
communities and no longer even work with
police departments cooperatively as they
had been doing in some jurisdictions you
might have seen that San Francisco in
the city of San Francisco the state
attorney general is now taking over the
policing reform apparatus because the
Department of Justice has kind of
withdrawn so this is that this narrative
about what it really takes to transform
police departments and the critical
importance of federal intervention is
part of the story of Baltimore as well
and also you have this year the enormous
rise of activism and people at the
grassroots trying to hold those
accountable and just this past weekend
you have in Baltimore organizers of a
grassroots of violence effort in
Baltimore declaring a successful
ceasefire this past weekend so while
some Baltimore Police are on trial for
acting like criminals street organizers
are keeping the peace explain what the
ceasefire is Amy this is an incredible
movement that has sprung up from the
grassroots in Baltimore community
leaders and just saying no more turns
out third time's the charm this is the
third time that Baltimore ceasefire has
attempted to have a ceasefire weekend
the first two times unfortunately there
were killings that happened during those
weekends but but nevertheless it was
important for community leaders
speak out to come out to say we won't
have it and this time 72 hours no
murders this was really important and
you know it shows that the the community
and their own vision of what their
community can be is an important part of
the public safety equation it's not just
about police officers it's about
community activism it's about
communities taking control of their of
their neighborhoods as well
