since democracy now I'm Amy Goodman with
nermeen Shaikh we turn now to Syria
where Israel has bombed dozens of
Iranian targets inside the country in
the largest attack by Israel since
fighting began in Syria in 2011 the
bombing raid came a day after Israel
accused Iranian forces in Syria of
firing 20 rockets at Israeli forces in
the occupied Golan Heights a part of
Syria that Israel has occupied since
1967 Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman described Israel's military
assault of course hit all of the
infrastructures not all but almost all
of the Iranian infrastructure in Syria
they must remember the same if it rains
here it will pour over there
and I hope that we finished this chapter
and that everyone got the message the
proxy war between Israel and Iran and
Syria has been escalating for months
many analysts had predicted the fighting
would increase following president
Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran
nuclear agreement soon after President
Trump made his announcement on Tuesday
Israel put its troops on high alert and
called up reservists Israel was a
leading critic of the Iran nuclear deal
the fighting between Israel and Iran is
just one of several proxy wars now being
fought inside Syria well today we spend
the rest of the hour looking at the
fighting in Syria with a Syrian
journalist and New York artist who have
worked together for years Marwan his
sharm not his real name but the renamed
he goes by is a Syrian journalist from
Raqqa now living in exile in Turkey he
became a journalist after first taking
part in the initial protests against
Bashar al-assad in 2011 his new book
Illustrated and co-authored by the
award-winning artist Molly crabapple
they first started collaborating in 2014
when Hashem was still living in Isis
occupied Raqqa their book is titled
brothers of the gun a memoir of the
Syrian war it's out next week we welcome
you both to Democracy Now Marwan thank
you for joining us from Ankara Turkey
can you start off by going back to 2011
and explaining how you and why you got
involved with your friends with the Sea
revolution against Assad the uprising
and what happened next
so when the Arab Spring began into late
2010 it's a spurred people especially
young people all over the Arab world and
somehow it it was one fight against the
Arab dictators we do not have a
functioning democracy in the Arab world
so and then there's feeling of of
relation between people and those
different countries so people got
aspired by that and when the the first
opportunity to participate in those in
the movement and protest against the
Assad regime
people like us started to try to
organize joining join any any protest
any sign of basically resistance against
the very gym and then yeah with time
things started to change rapidly
especially when the regime started to
crack down on resistors so those same
people started to take on and it became
this bloody struggle we're seeing now
well my wendy sham you dedicate the book
a to nihilanth Eric's parents the two
brothers who were your friends with whom
you started to participate in the
uprising could you explain what happened
what decisions they took and you took
once as you said the opposition became
militarized following Assad's brutal a
response to the uprising so here we took
it from different perspectives from
different as it is I mean I could never
imagine myself I couldn't
imagined myself taken government
fighting the only experience for me was
a military camp we were taken to in the
at the University and I I tried so hard
to not basically participate in in and
especially like in a shooting so when
the we arrived at crossroad when you're
either at home or you take arms and for
Niall was very very convinced that the
it was the only way to to reach any kind
of solution for this is basically to
fight the regime because in his opinion
the regime was so brutal and there is no
way basically to get rid of it
but through through power his younger
brother Tariq was basically more like
you know like me and his wife thinking
and he went to para to continue his
studies but then a few months later was
held fighting at an army base near Raqqa
so this drove Tariq to the armed
rebellion and months two months after he
took out of revenge more than anything
anything basically and he he didn't
search you know for long to find the
perfect armed group the first available
for him that sounded better than the
others was a Russian and he joined and
started fighting in their ranks what
Molly crabapple you worked with Myron
Hisham on this remarkable extremely
powerful book brothers of the gun a
memoir of the Syrian war now when you
worked when
started working on this book you were in
New York City and Marwan was in Raqqa so
could you explain first of all how you
got in touch and then how you came up
with the idea to collaborate on a book
with your beautiful illustrations and
his text and also yours thank you so
much for the kind words on our work me
and Marwan have been actually
collaborating for four years now
around 2013 I started covering at the
Syrian war in the Syrian refugee crisis
and I got familiar with a group of
people on Twitter some of them were
Syrians some of them were Syrian
refugees some of them were analysts some
were journalists that would all talk
about the war and Marwan was a member of
this group originally I got to know him
because he was a source for some of my
articles about Isis but when I started
studying Arabic Marwan taught me a lot
of Arabic he has an amazing classical
Arabic education and we became quite
close friends our first collaboration
was that Marwan sent me surreptitious
photos that he had taken in Raqqa taken
at huge risk to himself this was
considered spying by Isis and that would
have been a death penalty offense he
sent me this photos and I drew from them
and then my one who at this point was
writing political essays just for
himself he provided captions for the
photos from there we realized that we
really liked working with each other and
we wanted to create images of Marwan
city and of other cities under Isis that
weren't like the cliche that was being
foisted in the media in the media the
only images you had of those cities was
either isis propaganda or else just the
typical images of bombed out buildings
of torture the horrors that people
sometimes reduce the entire Middle East
- and Madeleine and me we wanted to show
what daily life was like so we did
collaborations from Raqqa and from Mosul
and also from rebel-held East Aleppo and
we became very very close and then we
got the idea to do a book together the
book is brothers are the gun a memoir of
the Syrian war we're gonna break for 30
seconds and then come back
also talk tomorrow on about this bravery
of taking a cell phone around one
everyone knew he couldn't even use the
cell phone
there wasn't Wi-Fi there wasn't any way
he could actually be using it his phone
so that of course he was using it to
take photographs and where he stands on
I mean opposition to Isis opposition to
US invasion opposition to the Assad
regime what this all means for a Syrian
in and out of Syria Marwan Hashem and
Molly crabapple are our guests their
books their book is brothers of the guns
stay with us here on democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh our
guests are the authors of a new book
that is just coming out Marwan Hisham
and Molly crabapple brothers of the gun
a memoir of the Syrian war I mean II
Goodman with nermeen Shaikh Marwan
Hisham I wanted to ask you as as Amy and
Molly both pointed out you took an
enormous risk to your life by taking
these photographs could you talk about
what it is that you wanted to convey
about what life was like under Isis
occupied Raqqa and also your work there
I mean you were effectively at running
or helping to run an internet cafe in
Raqqa where Isis militants were in fact
your principal customers yes so
basically I wanted to perpetrate certain
scenes like when Molly offered me this
opportunity I so and it's a perfect
opportunity and I had their accent sorry
access and not everyone can basically do
that so when you have this gap when
journalists cannot come to areas
occupied by jihadi groups and
localize me have this had this
opportunity yeah I wouldn't waste it so
the risk always there so basically I
wanted to describe and depict life under
Isis in a way that is different as Molly
suggested we do that and yeah it sounded
I mean it's risky yes but then every day
was risky under Isis Molly you are an
artist your cover artwork for brothers
of the gun explain it to us and talk
about a little more of the making of the
images as you relied on marwan's
photographs how the rest of the media
depicts what's going on there and you
tried to deconstruct that with this
oh you're remarkable artistry thank you
so much well my initial collaborations
with marijuana as I said were based on
his surreptitious photos but through
most of the book the images are not
actually based on photos instead they're
almost montages from hundreds of sources
from a citizen video online from blurry
photos sometimes even in Turkey from
photos that I shot but most importantly
from marwan's memory for photos for
images like the scenes that we did at
protests I would speak with Marwan and
he would describe it exactly to me who'd
art directed he would even send me
sketches or a pose and he would tell me
the exact things that he would remember
and I would draw them over and over
again to try to make sure that they were
true and tried to make sure that they
were real I was trying as closely as I
could to see through his eyes and the
cover image that actually is based on a
self-portrait that was shot by tarik
explain what it is on the on the on the
cover and it's a portrait of tarik
playing his gun as if it was a violin
and there were so much conveyed there
Tariq was studying poetry in Beirut
before
join da her and he wrote poetry
throughout the war even as he was
becoming essentially an assassin for
after her and that image it reminded me
of someone who is in this world that was
and that was immersed in death and he
was still holding on to this one bit of
beauty
Marwin before we go the description of
Raqqa today the city that you've lived
in for so many years the destruction of
Raqqa more than 11,000 buildings
destroyed not clear how many people were
killed in this last minute we have
together yes
Raqqa is devastated it's now in a tragic
state although people now enjoy
stability but still they're struggling
for basic services there is no
electricity no water except through
tankers and connection also is weak but
most importantly there is no yeah there
is no serious efforts from the anti-isis
coalition to rebuild the city and if the
most of the streets they're now blocked
by by price of rubble so if the
coalition the United States and its
allies did not pit on and on afford to
rebuild the city they destroyed they
were gonna risk a situation when cash
will come back again I mean Isis prion
situations like this and people's
desperation and I'm afraid that if if
there is no plan for what's next we
won't have stability for long Maruchan I
want to thank you for being with us
we're going to do part 2 and put it
online as a web exclusive
and Molly crabapple their new book
brothers of the gun a memoir of the
Syrian war I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen
Shaikh
[Music]
