this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we begin today's show in
Nicaragua where The Associated Press
reports that three people were killed
and dozens were wounded when
pro-government forces regained control
of the moaning Bou neighborhood of
Mosiah Tuesday the Organization of
American States says the death toll from
mounting anti-government protests has
risen to at least 273 people
demonstrations to oust Nicaraguan
President Daniel Ortega began in
mid-april when his government announced
plans to overhaul Social Security
both opposition groups and
pro-government forces have been accused
of violence including kidnappings and
killings the Nicaraguan government says
the official death toll is 51 and
accuses opposition protesters of using
violence to overthrow the elected
leftist government on Sunday nicaragua's
national police accused the opposition
of kidnapping torturing and incinerating
a police officer on monday hundreds
marched in the streets of Managua to
demand justice for students killed
Friday during an hours-long standoff at
the National Autonomous University of
Nakuru guaa between pro-government
forces and opposition protesters who'd
seized control of the University campus
Tuesday un spokesperson Farhan Haq
condemned the violence on behalf of un
secretary-general Antonio Guterres it is
absolutely essential to end the violence
in Nicaragua immediately and revitalize
the national dialogue there for a
political solution he noted the recent
Human Rights report on Nicaragua and
affirmed the government's responsibility
to protect citizens a principle that
should not be forgotten at a time when
we unfortunately have a death toll that
is absolutely shocking Daniel Ortega has
served as president of Nicaragua since
2007 in the late 70s as a leader of the
sandanista National Liberation Front he
helped overthrow the US backed
Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza
Ortega then led Nicaragua from 1979 to
1990 before being elected again in 2007
then again in 2016 for his third
consecutive term with more than 72% of
the vote but the
current crisis has pitted Ortega against
some of his former sandanista allies
Thursday marks the 39th anniversary of
Liberation Day which commemorates the
overthrow of the Somoza regime in 1979
by the Sandinistas today for more we're
hosting a debate here in New York City
were joined by Julio Martinez Ellsberg
an adviser to the University Coalition
for democracy and justice or see you DJ
one of the main student movements
opposing the Nicaraguan government of
Daniel Ortega he's also part of the
platform for social movements a group of
diverse Nicaraguan civil society
organizations which organized after the
crisis began and in Pittsburgh were
joined by Camila Mejia the well-known
Nicaraguan American Iraq war resistor he
was the first GI who served in Iraq to
have publicly resisted the war and was
imprisoned for refusing to go back for
almost a year
Camilo Mejia is the former vice chair as
the former chair of Iraq Veterans
Against the War an active member of
veterans for peace he's also the son of
the famed Sandinistas singer-songwriter
Carlos Mejia Godoy who no longer
supports the Ortega government and has
released a pro-opposition album titled
heroes of April Camilo Mejia is the
author of an open letter to Amnesty
International condemning the
organization for its role in Nicaragua
we welcome you both to Democracy Now
we're going to begin with Camilo Mejia
talk about what you believe is happening
in Nicaragua today good morning Amy
thank you for having me on the show
again good morning Julio but it's
happening again Amy it's pretty easy to
see if you take a couple of steps steps
back and look at the history between the
United States and Nicaragua where you
have a number of instances in which the
United States government along with the
Central Intelligence Agency and some
so-called pro-democracy groups like the
National Endowment for democracy the
National Democratic Institute and the US
Agency for International Development
have funded and directed not only media
organizations but so-called civil
society
groups and human rights groups to
basically undermine the Sandinista
government and then before that of
course to support the u.s. supported the
dictatorship of samosa what we're seeing
right now is a two-faced movement one
that is the clean face represented by
students and civil society organizations
that as I mentioned are supported by the
United States and a very violent group
of people who have been manning this
Trancas or roadblocks that have
basically kept entire cities besieged
and kept them in a state of terror to
basically undermine support for the
Sandinista government and also to keep
them from speaking out and to also hurt
the economy what is happening right now
in Nicaragua is nothing short of a
bloody gene sharp style soft coup with
the entire support of the United States
the civil society unit organizations
that are operating in Nicaragua the the
movement the Sandinista renovation
movement or mr-s as well as the
international corporate media the same
international corporate media that has
also worked with the United States to
create a mirage of you know weapons of
mass destruction and mushroom clouds for
instance in Iraq that led to a very
bloody invasion and occupation that
killed over a million Iraqi citizens and
then turned out to be based on false
claims something very similar is
happening in Nicaragua the drum the war
drums are beating they have the entire
support of Western media and human
rights organizations to create this
image to basically undermine support for
the Sundanese a revolution not only
nationally but internationally the coup
is failing the drunkest have been
removed the people are out celebrating
but the international media is not is
not reporting it that way because
they're aiming to more strongly a more
there
intervene in our affairs communal if you
can let me bring in Julio Martinez
Ellsberg your perspective and you're
obviously a very different viewpoint on
what's going on today in Nicaragua yes
thank you for having me okay so the note
taker betrayed the southern eastern
revolution many years ago okay and this
has been alert that the Nicaraguan
progressives has been giving for many
years everyone that you know from the
1980s anyone that's famous has already
turned against him because they can see
that he is not a progressive is not left
wing and right now he's gone full-on
dictator the same way that somos it was
the same people that fought against him
during the nineteen seventies against
Somoza in the 1970s and 80s are now in
the social movements fighting against
Ortega he does not represent anything
that's progressive and the murder that
he's done in pure daylight using
paramilitary troops and and the police
has everyone furious and and and really
there is this really no question on the
ground as to who is responsible for the
deaths this debate these talking points
about the CIA and the United States
being behind this this is something that
he's using with his former allies from
the 1980s people that are on our side
progressives in Europe progresses in the
US who think that it might be plausible
however this is the reason that it from
the very beginning we've asked for human
rights organizations for as many people
to be on the ground and see it for
themselves so it's not just me or Camilo
having some sort of debate where
everyone can see for themselves and it's
unanimous every single human rights
group that's attended has seen with
their own eyes that during daylight
these people are shooting protesters for
the sole reason of exercising the right
to protest and for speaking freely
against the government here's a dictator
and he is a murderer there's no say he's
a dictator and a murderer and you people
have been raising these issues for a
while he was elected just in 2016 with
72% of the vote in the country so is it
something that rapidly happened in the
last year and a half or if and if it was
happening earlier why did so many people
vote for okay
for the past ten years he is completely
undone the democracy in Nicaragua
he's taken over every single power the
electorate the judicial system the
Parliament everything is completely
consolidated he has been threatening
people from the opposition for the past
ten years that's why so many people so
many progressives left and left him
behind
there has been election rigging started
in 2008 that only receives slaps on the
risks on the wrists from the from the
international community and his absolute
power was brought together with the with
the Nicaraguan capitalists with a
Nicaraguan right-wing from the very
beginning he made a deal with them where
he wouldn't he wouldn't ask for them for
any taxes and in exchange the people
that I've traditionally had power in
Nicaragua would not say anything about
his power graphs leaving a very tiny
civil society to March and every single
March during the past ten years has been
met by paramilitary troops this has been
a reality for the past ten years is not
something new the only thing that's new
is a level brutality level of murder
that we've seen in the past three months
when these elections have been happening
in the past few years there's no
opposition anymore
anyone that speaks out has been
completely neutralized if you had a job
that has any leaks to the government
you're fired if you speak out and you
are from a local community then you're
then you have no right to any kind of
social programs
he's completely neutralized the
opposition with the help of the
Nicaraguan private sector who well into
the protests were still with him about a
month in they turn back on him about
five weeks after the protests started
saying that he'd gone too far and now
thinking that he wasn't a safe bet
anymore they thought that he was a gonna
be toppled so they were looking to leave
but he's depended on them fully for the
past ten years and the fact that he the
fact that he didn't request taxes from
them the only reason that he was able to
have social programs or anything in the
sort is with Venezuelan oil money that
he funneled through private companies he
did not do it through the through the
normal public sector he did not use
Parliament he has absolutely no
oversight over five billion dollars of
Venezuelan cooperation there is
absolutely no we have absolutely no
registry of what he's doing with it only
leaked documents that show that
two-thirds of it were actually used by
for-profit companies which are now we
use to provide the money for the
repression
come here let me hear your response
thank you Amy
well I would think Julio's right you
shouldn't listen to him or myself
just listen to what representatives of
USAID and Ned have been saying to the US
Congress telling them bragging basically
about laying the foundations for
insurrection in Nicaragua bragging about
doing the work that in the past was done
by the CIA all you need to do is look at
the support that this movement has in
the likes of representative Ileana
ros-lehtinen and Senators Rubio and Cruz
these are some of the most conservative
politicians in the United States the
Trump administration the US
representative at the Organization of
American States and the the oligarchy
the Hulya speaks about is 100% behind
this opposition in fact they are the
ones who originally called
for the protest so it's it's all right
there you don't have to listen to us I
have sent you some articles about who is
behind a lot of these organizations like
I mentioned before so don't listen to us
just look at the document that's there
available for everyone in terms of this
being a progressive government I think
that 74% of people who voted for Ortega
in 2016 you know that can give you a
pretty clear idea of who the people are
behind and if you look at the programs
that we have Nicaragua just before April
18 was one of the safest countries in
Latin America it had one of the fastest
growing economies it was not dependent
on the United States in fact it was
completely clear from loans and from
debts to the United States and to the
IMF and 70 percent of the jobs in
Nicaragua are created through the
popular market economy which means that
we're not dependent on transnational
money or big capital that's one of the
big reasons why this is happening right
now another big reason is that we sign a
treaty with China to build a canal which
has been basically at the heart of
rivalry between Nicaragua and the United
States since the mid 1900 when the
United States basically set his sights
on Nicaragua because of the canal and
then once again I was built
Panama it kept you know an interest in
Nicaragua to prevent Nicaragua from
building a canal that would stand in
opposition and competition to the u.s.
canal and Panama so it's it's really
hard to to see where Julio is coming
from when you have 74 percent of the
electorate in Nicaragua voting for
Ortega and you have all these social
uplift programs and the safety and this
economic growth that is even recognized
by the IMF and the World Bank the
Nicaraguan people are not unsatisfied
with the Ortega administration they are
very happy with the Ortega
administration and I think the elections
you know are a testament to that and I
think that what's happening with mr.
Julio's friends and his political
opposition in Nicaragua is that they're
hungry for power and they don't have a
popular base the last time that they run
on an election in 2006 they have
approximately 101 one point three
percent of the vote and they ever since
what they have done rather than building
a progressive people's agenda or a
platform a progressive platform upon
which to become popular and gain more
support from the Nicaraguan people what
they have done is that they have allied
themselves with the right they have run
elections alongside some of the more
oligarchic right-wing conservative
parties in Nicaragua and they have
slowly gravitated towards the the
nonprofit world which is what we're
seeing right now in the in the form of
these so-called civil society
organizations leading the charge against
Ortega leading the charge against the
government that has that offers
universal health care to all of its
people including medication including
treatment for chronic disease a
government that has free education at
the primary secondary and university
level university that has I'm sorry a
government that has supported over 4,000
cooperatives led by indigenous peasant
women that has supported over 300,000
small businesses and 100,000
you know self-employed families that
have lifted up the the economy and have
created food sovereignty which is a
pretty radical concept these days these
are the the the wins that the Nicaraguan
people support coming out this is why if
I can ask you about some of some of the
stuff that Julio raised because
obviously since Ortega has now been he's
in his third term this issue of his
consolidating power to the point or or
he what he is claiming that that Ortega
has consolidated power to the point
where the elections really are not that
meaningful in terms of an expression of
democracy if you could talk to that
point in particular and also about the
issue of all of the people been killed
who is doing the killing if it's if
whether it's 60 or 80 or 200 or 300
that's a significant number of people
who have died in the past few months in
Nicaragua sure thank you one two the
election question I think that every
government has issues I'm not going to
say that the Sundanese the government is
perfect they have made alliances it's
true with the business sector they've
made alliances with the church they've
made alliances with big national money
they did that because in order to
government you have to make alliances
the the Sandinista government runs on a
platform of consensus and reconciliation
the model the economic model that they
have created includes building consensus
not only with the employers but also
with the employees so big business
sector and the syndicates or the labor
unions this model has been so successful
that it's now being adopted by all the
by the rest of Central American
countries so this is something that the
Sandinistas have to do out of necessity
to be able to govern in terms of you
know like all this other constitutional
or electoral issues I'm not going to say
that the Sandinista government is
perfect they have made mistakes like any
government make mistakes but you know to
put things in perspective in the time
that I have lived in the United States
we have elected to presidents without
the popular vote that hasn't
and since the Sandinistas some have been
running as a political party
they've always won with the majority of
the popular vote we also don't have
primary elections with super-delegates
overriding the popular vote to decide
who is going to run for the party we
also don't have an electoral college
that again overrides the will of the
majority of the people so yes we do have
some issues but nowhere near the level
that would throw people into the streets
to kill one another in terms of the
deaths it's really hard to to come up
with a definitive number of how many
people have been killed because a lot of
the the debts that have been claimed by
the Opposition are people who we know
from media reports have been basically
taken out of media reports who have died
of very for various reasons including
suicide including including armed
robbery people have died of heart
attacks some of them are repeated their
names are repeated and there's an entire
report on this so it's it's really
difficult to say who has been killed and
how and and by whom I want to turn to
the mother of one of the students who's
been killed during nonviolent protests
in Nicaragua moroni Lopez killed by
police in Managua in April he was
linking arms with other demonstrators to
form a human chain when he was shot and
killed by the police a series of videos
captured the final moments of his life
he joined the protests after watching
video of police hurting elderly
protesters his mother said I interviewed
his mother Alba Garcia to respond to
government claims that they're not using
live ammunition
I would ask Daniel then how is it that
my son is dead
how is it that the sons of other moms
are dead how did those two bullets come
through his chest come on how did those
three shots enter the bodies of the
other two kids because there were three
shots they were right on target two in
