this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm not mean Shea
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
the u.s. is intensifying its air war in
Afghanistan over a recent four day
period US Air Force b-52s dropped with
the air force described as a
record-setting 24 precision-guided
weapons on suspected Taliban targets the
bombings took place in the northeast
province of Badakhshan which shares a
border with Pakistan Tajikistan and
China meanwhile US Central Command has
announced it is shifting military
resources from Iraq and Syria back to
Afghanistan where the United States has
been fighting for over 16 years in the
longest war in US history US Air Force
Major General James Hecker recently said
Afghanistan has quote become centcom's
main effort news comes after a
particularly bloody period in
Afghanistan last year the United States
said civilian casualties in 2017 had
reached a record high in Afghanistan
meanwhile about 10,000 of Afghanistan's
security forces reportedly were killed
over the last year despite the spiraling
violence President Trump recently ruled
out negotiations with the Taliban during
a meeting of members of the United
Nations Security Council will also
discuss what more we can do to defeat
the Taliban I don't see any talking
taking place I don't think we're
prepared to talk right now
it's a whole different fight over there
they're killing people left and right
innocent people are being killed left
and right bombing in the middle of
children in the middle of families
bombing killing all over Afghanistan so
there's no talking to the Taliban we
don't want to talk to the Taliban we're
going to finish what we have to finish
what nobody else has been able to finish
we're going to be able to do it we turn
now to Steve call a journalist who's
reported on Afghanistan in the region
for the past three decades in 2005 he
won a Pulitzer Prize for his book ghost
wars the secret history of the CIA
Afghanistan and Ben
from the Soviet invasion to September 10
2001 well now he's just published a
sequel looking what has happened in
Afghanistan since the 9/11 attacks it's
titled Directorate s the CIA and
America's secret wars in Afghanistan and
Pakistan Steve Coll is Dean of the
Graduate School of Journalism at
Columbia University and a staff writer
at The New Yorker magazine he joins us
now in our studio welcome back to
Democracy Now
thanks Emmy so let's start with your
title Directorate s the CIA is and
America's secret wars in Afghanistan and
Pakistan what is Directorate s so it's
the covert action arm of the Pakistani
intelligence service the main
intelligence service called ISI and it
basically has supported the Taliban and
other militant groups to pursue
Pakistan's idea of its foreign policy
interests in its neighborhood where at
least the idea of its military which is
really in charge of ISI and Directorate
s and which has you know the strongest
in institution in Pakistan and has ruled
the country for for many of its years of
Independence and you know the CIA knows
all about Directorate s because they
worked with them during the 1980s to
defeat the Soviet occupation that's the
story of ghost wars the story here is
that after the United States went into
Afghanistan set up constitutional
government led by Hamid Karzai initially
a few years after that starting around
2005 Directorate s went back into action
this time not to defeat the Soviets but
to undermine the American project in
Afghanistan what could you say a little
bit more Steve call for our listeners
and viewers who don't know very much
about the history of Afghanistan during
the Cold War and of Pakistan give us a
sense of the expansion of inter-services
intelligence Pakistan's premier
Intelligence Agency what was it the the
scope of it I mean now in Pakistan it's
come to be known as a state within a
state how did it come to have the
proportions it does now and also
influence over Pakistan's foreign policy
yeah so you start with the Army's
influence over Pakistan's foreign policy
which goes all the way back to the 1950s
but but the growth of ISI really took
place during the nineteen
with funding from the CIA and Saudi
Arabia to try to help is I support the
Afghan rebels against the Soviet Union
in a Cold War proxy fight right so the
Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979
Afghans rebelled spontaneously against
that occupation many of them fled to
Pakistan gradually Pakistan organized a
resistance and then the CIA and Saudi
Arabia came in with billions of dollars
and essentially they contracted ISI to
carry out this covert action and
Pakistan insisted on that they said we
don't want a bunch of Americans running
around on our frontier you let us do the
work
give us the funds and gradually they
grew into this corrosive force within
Pakistan and they moved beyond
supporting groups like the Mujahideen
and later the Taliban into interfering
and Pakistani politics trying to shape
media narratives and and essentially
become a state within the state so the
US and Saudi Arabia provided enormous
support for Pakistan and ultimately the
ISI over the years yes and and directly
to ISI because the main we had a
long-standing alliance with Pakistan
tried to provide you know humanitarian
aid and so forth over the decades but it
was the Soviet war that really changed
the character of the relationship by
bringing is eyes role in this kind of
covert war to the forefront of the
alliance I mean there's it's quite
remarkable the shift that happened in US
policy visa vie precisely is I mean they
used as you've said ISI to funnel all
these funds and arms to the Mujahideen
during the Soviet occupation but in
documents leaked in April 2011 by
WikiLeaks the US government described
the ISI as a terrorist organization on
par with al-qaeda and the Taliban so
could you give us a sense of what
accounts for this massive shift well it
was the experience of being on the
receiving end the bio-psych overt action
after the us-led war to overthrow the
Taliban in 2001 so you know the Taliban
fell in December of 2001 the bond
agreements established a new
constitutional government in Afghanistan
hamid karzai was elected president
Parliament was elected Afghans came home
from abroad there were a couple of years
of relative peace and then the war
started again and initially I think the
United States which was distracted by
Iraq had all gone off and invaded Iraq
was trying to turn the Bush
administration was trying to turn the
war over to NATO allies they didn't
really see ISI coming for a while but
gradually the Taliban revived gradually
became apparent US officials who would
go over and try to study what's going
wrong with this war that is I was back
in action that the Taliban were
receiving not just physical sanctuary
inside Pakistan but material support
maybe training that they seemed to be
getting more and more sophisticated they
started to attack Afghan forces they
started to attack Canadians and Brits
and carrying out terrorist bombings and
cities and then the u.s. escalated the
war right so at the end of the Bush
administration and then the first years
of the Obama administration we sent tens
of thousands of US combat troops back to
Afghanistan to try to finish the war
much as you quoted President Trump
saying he was going to do you know where
this time we're going to get it done and
it was at that time you're quoting this
document from 2011 that you know the
Taliban started to strike American
soldiers kill and wound you know
thousands and US commanders became
furious they said you know we're giving
all this aid to Pakistan but ISI is
supporting groups that are attacking and
killing our own soldiers and that led to
assessments like well they're the enemy
they're the terrorist organization
before we break I mean Afghanistan
cannot be looked at in isolation in so
many different ways but how the u.s.
engaging in the Iraq war what that meant
for Afghanistan the first Bush war so
can you talk about this moment when the
u.s. is focusing on Afghanistan and then
Donald Rumsfeld the Secretary of Defense
prevails upon tommy franks to divert
attention from that to deal with iraq
now there's a scene in Directorate s
where
after the fall of the Taliban Rumsfeld
insists on a light footprint you know I
don't want a big military force there
but it's peaceful there's a task force
and some American generals come out to
set up a kind of peacekeeping and maybe
we'll chase al-qaeda terrorists hunting
operation just outside of Kabul and
they're getting themselves organized
they're called to a conference this is
in 2002 and they go to Europe this
meeting and they come back and they say
to their comrades you know this war is
over we're going to Iraq we're already
going to Iraq and this was you know
months before even the even the US
public's first started to get hints that
this planning was underway and of course
if you're in the military or you're in
the intelligence services you know your
career depends on being present at the
next big war so everybody's attention
shifted and the u.s. basically abandoned
Afghanistan in order to carry out the
Iraq invasion and then of course we know
how well that invasion went and it
bogged down the u.s. for years to come
we're gonna go to break and then we'll
come back to this discussion the u.s.
bombing Afghanistan the beginning of it
October 7th 2001 just weeks after the
September 11th attacks many in the US
would think that the those who piloted
the planes into the World Trade Center
in the Pentagon where they're Afghan or
Iraqi but in fact 15 of the 19 people
who were in those planes were from Saudi
Arabia this is democracy now when we
come back we'll talk about many
different issues including what actually
happened in a body bod what happened to
Osama bin Laden Mohammed Omar if you
remember him and much more stay with us
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report our guest for
the hour is Steve Coll he is the author
of Directorate s the CIA and America's
secret wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan
just out this week I'm Amy Goodman with
nermeen Shaikh well last month President
Trump became the third president in a
row to use his State of the Union
address to put a positive spin on the
war in Afghanistan the longest war in US
history
our warriors in Afghanistan have new
rules of engagement
[Applause]
along with their heroic Afghan partners
our military is no longer undermined by
artificial timelines and we no longer
tell our enemies our plans five years
earlier President Barack Obama predicted
at his 2013 State of the Union that the
war would soon be over this spring our
forces will move into a support role
while Afghan security forces take the
lead tonight I can announce that over
the next year another 34,000 American
troops will come home from Afghanistan
this drawdown will continue and by the
end of next year our war in Afghanistan
will be over and back in 2006
President George Bush used his State of
the Union to praise Afghanistan for
building a quote new democracy we remain
on the offensive in Afghanistan where a
fine president in a national assembly
are fighting terror while building the
institutions of a new democracy
so that's President George W Bush
speaking in 2006 we're speaking with
Steve Coll author of Directorate s the
CIA in America secret wars in
Afghanistan and Pakistan
the sequel to his Pulitzer prize-winning
book ghost wars the secret history of
the CIA Afghanistan and bin Laden from
the Soviet invasion to September 10th
2001 so Steve called we spoke earlier in
part one of the impact of the u.s.
decision to invade Iraq on what happened
in Afghanistan so that was one could say
the failure one of the failures of the
Bush administration as you point out in
your book though President Obama made a
shift in policy first of all by
appointing a special office within the
State Department to deal with
Afghanistan Special Representative
Richard Holbrooke and this people
thought would be a significant shift
from Bush's policy and you reveal in the
book that in 2010 the Obama
administration also established a secret
cell in the White House called the
conflict resolution cell
which was established only to coordinate
political negotiations with the Taliban
now why did those negotiations never go
anywhere you also say that mullah omar
wrote a letter to obama offering or
making it clear that he would be open to
negotiations with the Americans so what
happened with negotiations American
negotiations with so direct negotiations
with the Taliban lasted about two and a
half years almost entirely in secret
there were occasional reports about what
was going on but most of what was really
happening was kept secret and they they
fell apart for a variety of reasons I
would name two really important factors
one was that the Obama administration
was really divided about the strategy
the military wanted to keep fighting the
war the CIA
more or less was supportive of the
military's position skeptical that
negotiations with the Taliban would lead
anywhere and so you had this kind of
government that was running three
policies at the same time they
rationalized it by saying our policy is
fight and talk so that that confused
everyone out in the region but it was at
least a way to describe what was going
on accurately they were fighting and
talking but another factor was that
Hamid Karzai had lost trust in the
United States after all these years he
kept asking the United States why aren't
you doing more to pressure Pakistan why
are you sending troops into my villages
why are you creating civilian casualties
and eventually he concluded that the
United States must want to destabilize
Afghanistan in order to justify having a
military presence there and you know
American diplomats would say Oh mr.
president that's a conspiracy theory let
it go and he would say well but where I
can't understand why you're conducting
the war this way so he ultimately Karzai
ultimately undermine the negotiations
with the Taliban he just felt like this
was somehow out to get him and so he
kind of blew up the talks in 2013 now
since then the United States both in the
Obama years and possibly into the first
part of the Trump administration has
probed for another way forward with
Pakistan or otherwise you know we heard
the president in your clip say I'll
never talk to the Taliban
if you look carefully at what the Trump
administration is saying they're saying
what the two previous administrations
are saying which is we're not saying
we're never going to talk to them ever
ever it's that we're going to bomb them
to the negotiating table we're gonna
defeat them on the battlefield to such a
point that they'll have no choice but to
come talk to us well this was exactly
what the military was arguing during the
Obama years it's not as if we're against
any settlement eventually but we need to
make more progress on the battlefield
before we can force them to the
negotiating table and remember Vietnam
that was kind of pretty much the theme
of the Johnson administration and the
Nixon years there were major protests
not only against the Iraq war before the
Iraq war began but even before the u.s.
bombing Afghanistan talked about the
u.s. doing that on October 7 2001 and
then what happened immediately with
mullah omar and then your very detailed
and fresh reporting and what happened
with Osama bin Laden how he was in Tora
Bora what happened to him and ultimately
being caught in a body bag with or
without Pakistani knowledge and that's
very interesting how you write about it
right so the kind of three stories there
I mean after September 11th the Bush
administration really was blind about
where these attacks had come from they
knew that a lot of al-qaeda leaders were
in Afghanistan so they quickly came up
with this plan to try to disrupt them
and and and maybe to destroy al Qaeda
through bombing and in that plan there
were targets of leadership
one was meloa Maher and one was Osama
bin Laden essentially they knew where
Omar was they had no idea where bin
Laden was except that he was probably in
Afghanistan somewhere so mullah omar had
a house on the outskirts of kandahar
that actually Osama bin Laden had built
for him and the CIA had these Predator
drones that were always circling over it
on the night of October 7th when the war
began they sent a predator with missiles
to try to strike mullah Mohammed Omar
and the book describes this kind of
keystone kops evening where they lost
track of him they argued about whether
they should shoot at him or not and all
was so important the one eyed Sheikh he
was the emir of the
the unquestioned leader of the what was
then the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
the government of Afghanistan run by the
Taliban recognized as legitimate only by
three other governments in the world
Pakistan Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates but it was the government
of Afghanistan and so as the Emir he was
his authority was absolute with a you
know some sure and ministers that he
consulted with but it was ultimately his
decision war or peace Bush
administration for example told him
we're not necessarily determined to go
to war with you if you'll give us a sum
of bin Laden maybe we can work with you
about other arrangements but and his
some among mullah Omar's advisors said
look it's not worth going to war with
the United States over a sama bin Laden
it's not even clear that the Taliban
leadership knew about the September 11th
attacks they certainly weren't involved
with them in an operational sense and so
they had this big debate inside the
Taliban leadership what should we do and
ultimately Mulla Mulla Mohammed Omar
said you know it's it's God's will I
cannot turn a fellow Muslim over to
American justice if God wants us to
suffer and lose our government it means
that we weren't doing a very good job in
the first place and we'll just have to
learn our lessons and find our way back
and so that's what he ultimately decided
to do how do you scape so he after
escaping that night through this series
of poor decisions by the Americans he
survived in Kandahar for another two
months and then as his government fell
he got on a motorcycle and rode into
Pakistan where he lived until he died in
a hospital in Karachi in 2013 there's a
funny scene one of the themes of this
whole history is that is are the Taliban
independent or they just a creature of
ISI in Pakistan are they just a creature
of Directorate s and you know you see
when the negotiations occur with the
Taliban that the Taliban want to see
themselves as independent they don't
wanna be clients of Pakistan they are
Afghans and they would rather negotiate
on their own behalf but when mullah home
