this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman students at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida returned to class today amidst
heavy security after summer break it was
six months ago Tuesday when a former
student armed with a semi-automatic
ar-15
students staff and teachers in just
three minutes is one of the deadliest
school shootings in US history after the
horrific attack many of the students who
survived the shooting became leading
activists for gun control in March they
led the historic March for our lives in
Washington DC where almost 800,000
people gathered in May a hundred days
after the massacre
they held a dying at a Publix grocery
store to protest its donations to
gubernatorial candidate Adam Putnam a
self-proclaimed proud NRA sellout and in
June they launched a national road to
change bus tour where they registered
young people to vote and to support gun
control legislation their tour ended on
Sunday in Newtown Connecticut the site
of the 2012 Sandy Hook elementary school
shooting massacre they met with some of
the Sandy Hook parents among the
students killed at Stoneman Douglas high
school was Joaquin Oliver he was born in
Venezuela on August 4th and what would
have been Joaquin's 18th birthday his
parents helped organize a protest in
Fairfax Virginia in front of the NRA
headquarters this is Joaquin 'he's
father manny we are in Fairfax Virginia
just in front of the NRA headquarters
they saw this for
and working will be turning 18 by
meaning that we will be having a lot of
fun and probably celebrating that he was
ready to go ahead and go
that powerful protest took place outside
NRA headquarters on August 4th Manny
Joaquin's birthday on Tuesday I spoke to
Watkins parents manuel and patricia
oliver who have started a new nonprofit
called change the ref gorg to prohm to
promote the use of urban art and
nonviolent creative confrontation to
expose the disastrous effects of gun
violence I began by asking Manny about
the protest in front of the NRA that day
was pretty special
we I got a call from our now good friend
David Hogg we fight together in this
battle and then he never outspoken
students now waiting for gun of leaders
of March for lives so David told me that
they were planning a rally in front of
the NRA imperfects Virginia and he was
wondering if I was ok to go there with
Patricia and Andrea and kind of
celebrate our King's birthday right in
front of their faces and I was totally
ok with that idea I think it was it was
a brilliant way to to have Joaquin
making a statement in front of these
these group headquarter so we did that
we went to wash in tone then we went to
Virginia we did or a wall or wall number
nine and and a lot of people was singing
happy birthday to Joaquin so in front of
NRA headquarters right in front of an
area headquarters and it's interesting
that being these like the headquarter
like the center of this whole gun lobby
if you if you want to say that way there
was only like 30 people from their side
protesting what we were doing at the
same time there was like 1500 on our
side so that gives you the
allons that we see every single day
every time we go to different places of
how the numbers are divided in this
nation right now there's there's way
more people in our side that's for sure
and it's not the first time you were in
front of NRA headquarters you went to
confront the NRA in Dallas at their
national convention when President Trump
and vice president Pence went to speak
that was interesting because we had the
NRA convention was in Dallas so we had
we were there a week before the
convention to plan where we were doing
or wall which is an an action of
demanding rights basically against gun
laws so we when we were there a week
before Trump still didn't know if he was
going to show to the convention and for
me was totally I mean why is he gonna
come here why is he supporting these
people and then when I when I further
news that he will be there with Penn and
they will be together empowering this
group that's when I added him to the
wall so the wall changed it it's graphic
just because of his decisions of being
there and I thought that okay now that
you're gonna be here I'm gonna use your
image also my rally which is two blocks
away from where you're gonna be you know
so explain your tradition now of making
murals you're an artist Manny I am yes I
love art that's what I do okay I don't
know how to fight in any other way I
speak and draw and there's a creative
process behind these walls
it wasn't planet to be happy and of
course these our futures should be way
different than what we're living right
now but we so we come to these places we
congregate people that that follows our
movement and then we start drawing on on
not not permanent walls images of
Joaquin this is a way to give Joaquin a
voice still these
days and I do graffiti art styles so a
lot of potentials I research deep where
we're going and what's happening in that
location and according to that I will
play around with some elements and and
make sure that that were Kings words are
pretty loud and clear
we decided me and Patricia that Joaquin
besides being a victim that he is sadly
but true he will be an activist and and
this is a way to do that this is a way
to bring the the legend of Joaquin right
here right now very loud and clear as
one of the kids there is leading this
amazing movement so talk about the first
mural and what it said first mural that
we did said we demand a change and and I
thought about that because this was in
Florida this was in windward Florida
they Design District and and I thought
about that it was very recent to the
tragedy and I was I was very sad and and
and there is a balance between being sad
and being proactive and mad and and
being very activists and sometimes
sadness limits your emotions so that
wall it was a it was a very hard
experience because I had no idea where I
was going I do remember that I had a
hammer on my hand and I was between
being sad and mad I just hit the wall it
was the drywall wall fake wall in in
that sound of me here in the wall made
some of the people that were there run
away from the room because we were all
in in expecting that
the shooting couldn't happen anywhere it
just sounded like public sounded like a
bullet which is amazing
I discovered that same moment a way to
impact people which is in other words
convincing fast and I and I'd like that
the the option of impacting people
instead of convincing people so then I
hit the wall 17 times and then I had
some flowers and I placed those home
flowers in those holes like somehow
honoring the victims from partner so
that became like like the the process of
each wall and the the walls have been
evolving now there are more it's now
it's a combination now I'm not that sad
I'm more mad than sad I became a little
more a better researcher of what's going
on I've been educating myself how do I
fight this Manny Oliver the father of
Joaquin Oliver one of 17 people 14 high
school students killed six months ago in
the Valentine's Day Massacre at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas high school when we
come back Manny and his wife Patricia
will talk about Valentine's Day and the
day they became US citizens along with
Joaquin
it was inauguration day 2017 for our
music break we turned to a video put
together by a family friend it features
Joaquin lip-synching to some of his
favorite songs
[Music]
[Music]
like it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that video put together by a family
friend it features joaquin oliver
lip-synching to some of his favorite
songs this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
i meani goodman as students at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School and
parkland Florida returned to class today
after summer break we're looking back at
the Valentine's Day shooting massacre
six months ago when a former student
gunned down 17 students staff and
teachers in the first in just three
minutes we are speaking to Manny and
Patricia Oliver the parents of 17 year
old Joaquin Oliver who died in the
shooting I spoke to them Tuesday Manny
talked about what Cain's final hours
alive the night before the tragedy and
and this is a very nostalgic story it's
really it hurts but I'll share again
what Keene asked me to stop by and buy
some flowers for his girlfriend because
it was gonna be Valentine's Day
so we bothered and then they after we
when I drop Joaquin in in school at 8:30
a.m. he said I love you dad I love you
son and he was holding the sunflowers
and he was appalled supposed to call me
back to let me know how how we go
I mean we had that kind of relationship
so I Tony do it you make sure you call
me back to see so you can share Tory's
reaction with the flowers that we bought
last night and he never called back
that was the last time that I that I had
a chance to speak to my son but but I do
know that Tory got the sunflowers so he
had time to give them to Tory today SIA
you're actually wearing those sunflowers
is that right
you wear the sunflowers around your neck
yes that's true
Tory made us a little necklace together
you can see a heart so she made it half
and half for each of us with one of them
the little flowers that she received
that day that was very nice of her
family and your you have and so she sort
of encased in glass or plastic in an
epoxy one of those flowers so these are
the flowers that I bought with Joaquin
the night before so the question here is
one of the questions I've had multiple
questions and I've been asking to myself
is we did the right thing we were
raising her a kid in a house full of
love that will buy flowers for
Valentine's Day him and his dad were
buying flowers the night before what was
going on in that other house what was
the whole point of putting all those
weapons together and those bullets
together what's what's wrong in this
society that there is an option
that while me and my son are buying
flowers some other people that could be
your neighbor could be your family
member it's just planning this terrible
thing just to finish people's life
you won't even say the shooters name no
no I don't need to and you know why
because there's many of them so we
cannot we can this is not only an issue
that happened in Portland to Patricia
and man Wayne and working right now
while we're talking there's another
shooter planning to do these actually
maybe right now someone just died
because of this so giving a name to a
shooter it's not necessary
it's not fair to give numbers to victims
and give names to shooters so that's the
reason why we don't it's not that it's
hurting me at all I mean it's it's it's
just not the way to handle the situation
so what is the answer to solve the
problem well thank God we have a
democracy that I trust and there's a
system and we can vote for the people
that will be able to fix this hopefully
besides educating herself in how we do
what we do we also have been educating
ourselves in who we should trust and who
is capable of fixing this and I can tell
you something I've been searching for
this dream team
that could solve the problem and and
answer number one or rule number one is
that if any of these guys that is
planning to be representing us he's
receiving money from the NRA you're out
you're not cool you can't represent me
because you're not you don't have an
impartial way of thinking you are you
are working like for our cartel and and
as hard as it sounds when when when you
have a cartel you put money into
politicians
so they leave the law alone so you can
keep on with your business make more
money and kill more people in fact right
after the massacre what made parklands
so different is how active you all
became so quickly when others and
particularly those involved with the NRA
like Donald Trump are talking about
thoughts and prayers even the Governor
Rick Scott you all were mobilizing the
kids led by the kids and saying nothing
doing
there I remember at the March for our
lives one of the posters was tots and
pears and it was pictures of tater tots
and pears said like no that's not where
we're headed they went to Tallahassee
you all went you were involved with the
legislation writing the legislation is
that really were involved as much as we
were we agreed with being part of it we
we have something in common
seventeen families were going through
pain we lost our kids some people lost
their parents these are not only kids
this is 14 students to teachers in one
coach so we agree in some of the
solutions we don't agree in others but
we respect each other a lot so I haven't
been to Tallahassee
Patricia hasn't been to Tallahassee
we're not those type of that is not the
way where we're handling our fight we
respect what they do
haven't been to Washington the only day
that we went to Washington was draw a
wall to be an active graphic message
sender now you all both of you became
citizens years ago from Venezuela right
you moved to Florida talked about
Joaquin becoming officially a citizen
your son when was that that was last
year January 20th 2017 he was very very
excited to become an official citizen
because he he came we came here the day
after he turned three years old so in
his heart he was more American than
Venezuelans because he
learn to how to grow up in the American
culture even though we have at home our
own culture so you he had the mixed
combination of both cultures in general
which was very good for him he was very
proud of that and that day he was so
excited he was so emotional so he made
like a review from when we went through
the viewing all these years the process
that we were growing as you know as a
professionals and let's make a point of
what this day was what you're talking
about January 20th 2017 the day the day
that Joaquin became an American citizen
was also inauguration day for both yes
yeah that was Anastasia unique day
because we became citizens very early in
the morning that were that happened at 8
o'clock in the morning 8:30 and where
were you we were the we were the place
that there is a immigration center that
they have their huge room there that
were they were the celebrating the net
citizenship we were quite maybe 200
people receiving the citizenship and
they play a video with the Vedic the
current president at that at that moment
or at that time exactly was Obama
because I was the morning yeah yeah 8:30
in the morning at 8:30 so he was still
mama in power and he gave us they
welcome to America so that was very
excited and three hours later three
hours later we had a new president and
the three of you became citizens that
day yeah we became citizens because what
Cain's a minor working was 16 at that
time so we were automatically better
your father's overseas talk about
graduation day Patricia
well graduation day was a very hard day
because you know every kid especially
Joaquin in my case was just dreaming
about that day so he was like you know
any other family we were planning about
future about schools about how where to
go how we're going what do you like most
you know that just didn't happen so he
was very committed to get to be going to
that date and he he he loves to write a
lot so he he made these notes once where
he saying once I get my diploma I will
see it straight to my mom's eyes and
saying I made it so we were at home we
were debating you know that about
graduation day so we decided the our
daughter Manuela me we decided that the
person that it was the the best one to
be receiving the diploma was me so I was
I got a prepare myself emotionally it
took a while it took something to be
there and I say well I have to do what I
have to do I have to make working happy
because I know that he will be very
proud of me being up there on stage
receiving the diploma but we also
decided to not only receiving a diploma
we have to make a statement we had to to
take advantage of the you know of the
moment to make people understand that
this is this can be happening again and
again and again so that's why I talk
about what you were I was we decided to
make this this Jersey because what he
was very into sports and we decided to
make your scene to make the you know to
make the statement very clear and that
was a goalie shirt I go to your shirt
but it was saying this should be my son
so there's the t-shirt of you you're
holding up his diploma yes and you remit
your yellow t-shirt says this should be
my son my son two weeks after the
massacre at parkland president Trump
urged Republican and Democratic
lawmakers to pass comprehensive gun
control measures an accused
Republican Senator Pat Toomey of being
afraid of the NRA think of it you can
buy a handgun you can't buy one then you
have to wake you 21 but you can buy the
kind of weapon used in the school
shooting at 18 I think it's something
you have to think about so I'll tell you
what I'm gonna give it a lot of
consideration and I'm the one bringing
it up but a lot of people don't even
want to bring it up because they're
afraid to bring it up but you can't buy
a handgun at 18 19 or 20 you have to
wait you 21 but you can buy the if the
gun the weapon used in this horrible
shooting at 18 you are going to decide
the people in this room pretty much
you're going to decide but I would get
very serious thought I can say that the
NRA is opposed to it and I'm a fan of
the NRA I mean it's no bigger fan I'm a
big fan of the internet water to reduce
it great people do too great Patriots
they love our country but that doesn't
mean we have to agree or don't it
doesn't make sense said I have to wait
till I'm 21 to get a handgun but I can
get this weapon at 18 I don't know so I
just curious as to what you did in your
bill we didn't we didn't address in this
present look I think you know why
because you're afraid in the NRA
a lot of people are afraid of that issue
raising the age for that weapon to 21 so
that is President Trump saying don't be
afraid of the NRA did he do any of this
that he's talking about I love how he he
points at people like blaming everybody
and I love also the way he says I'm
gonna have to think about this like dude
there's nothing to think about this this
is happening already after that he was
at the NRA convention empowering this
group he has never been in Portland by
the way I don't need him to Oh
Department I don't think he's gonna you
know II never came to Parkman I invited
him publicly to Portland I said now that
you have an invite me to the White House
