this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Wanda Hollis
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we turn now to new accusations
of sexual assault against presidents
from Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh and the growing resistance to
his confirmation at least 128 people
were arrested on Capitol Hill Mondays
protesting Cavanaugh who has been
publicly accused of sexual misconduct by
two women dr. Christine Blasi Ford and
Deborah Ramirez
this is tirana burke founder of the me2
movement who called for the National
walkout Monday in solidarity with
survivors of sexual violence before you
we applaud you and your courage we stand
with you and we will not let you labor
your labor be in vain in a minute we'll
be joined by Rhonda Burke in DC on
Monday night Brett Kavanaugh and his
wife sat down for an unprecedented
interview with Fox News it was his first
public comment since dr. Christine Blasi
Ford accused the judge of attempting to
rape her when she was 15 years old
Cavanaugh denied the allegation we're
looking for a fair process where I could
be heard and defend the my integrity my
lifelong record my lifelong record of
promoting dignity and equality for women
starting with the women who knew me when
I was 14 years old
I'm not going anywhere I'm not gonna let
false accusations drive me out of this
process I have faith in God and I have
faith in the fairness of the American
people the truth is I've never sexually
assaulted anyone in high school or
otherwise I am NOT questioning and have
not questioned that perhaps dr. Ford at
some point in her life was sexually
assaulted by someone in some place but
what I know is I've never sexually
assaulted anyone both Cavanagh and dr.
Christine Blasi Florida scheduled to
testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee on Thursday Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell has dismissed the
allegations against Kavanaugh and said
the full Senate will vote on his
confirmation irrespective of what this
week's hearing reveals clear mr.
president
judge Cavanaugh will be voted on here on
the Senate floor up or down on the
Senate floor it's fine nominated the
Supreme Court will receive a vote in
this Senate in the near future
even as Cavanaugh defended his integrity
the New York Times published a report on
how he and his high school football
teammates boasted in their yearbooks
about sexual exploits at a nearby
Catholic girls school and described
themselves as the Ranade alumni in a
reference to Renata Schroder then a
student at a nearby Catholic girls
school Schroder responded to the report
saying quote I learned about these
yearbook pages only a few days ago I
don't know what we're not alumnus
actually means I can't begin to
comprehend what goes through the minds
of 17 year old boys who write such
things but the insinuation is horrible
hurtful and simply untrue
I pray their daughters are never treated
this way even before this report was
published The New Yorker magazine
published an account Sunday from a
second woman accusing Kavanaugh of
sexual assault
Deborah Ramirez was a student at Yale
University with Brett Kavanaugh and said
he exposed himself to her during a
drunken dormitory party and thrust his
genitals in her face The New Yorker
later updated the story with comments
from two former classmates of
Cavanaugh's Louisa Gary and Dino Ewing
who initially signed a statement of
support for Kavanagh that was provided
by his attorneys they approached the New
Yorker after the story was published and
asked that their names be removed from
the statement saying they did not wish
to dispute Ramirez's claims New Yorker
reporter Jane Mayer later tweeted quote
fYI this means only four classmates are
keeping their names on a statement
disputing ram√≠rez two are implicated in
the incident according to her and a
third one is married to the guy who she
recalls saying kiss it at the party
unquote meanwhile Monday night lawyer
Michael avenatti said he has multiple
clients and at least one is prepared to
come forward publicly within the next 48
hour
with additional allegations against
Cavanaugh four more were joined in
washington DC by tirana burke the
founder of the me2 movement who called
over the weekend for a national walkout
monday in solidarity with survivors of
sexual violence in the wake of the
allegations against Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh tirana
established the me2 organization in 2006
to focus on young women of color who
have endured sexual abuse assault or
exploitation she's now senior director
at girls for gender equity here in New
York Marcy wheeler is with us
independent journalist who covers
national security and civil liberties
runs the website empty wheel net we
welcome you both back to Democracy Now
Tirana let's begin with you 128 people
arrested protesting judge Cavanaugh and
his nomination to the Supreme Court
outside many different senators offices
including Senator Collins of Maine can
you talk about what happened this
weekend why you called for this walk out
and protest on Monday hi yes hi thank
you for having me back again we thought
it was really important to have a show
of support for initially when there was
the arbitrary deadline set for dr. Blay
c4 to come forward and make it make a
decision about whether or not she was
going to testify
we certainly myself and many of the
other organizations that signed on to do
this action on Monday thought it was
really important that we came out in a
show of force and support for her and
not just for her but this has been a
hard week for survivors of sexual
violence around the country and we
needed to do something to show survivors
in general that we stand up and we
support each other because most of us
are survivors who are who called for the
March that we support each other that we
will stand up in the face of this
treatment and that we won't see the same
thing that happens to Anita Hill happen
again
Toronto Burk were you surprised by the
the turn out not just in DC but around
the country to your call and and also
could you respond to this
questions that have been raised by some
on in the Senate about why these women
that are raising these allegations took
so long to come out and raise them
absolutely just first I I'm always
pleasantly surprised when people when
people show up the way they did and
yesterday in DC was a gloomy rainy day
and we had probably close to a thousand
people join us in the Senate and then
March to the Supreme Court and stand in
the rain listening to people talk about
why this moment is so important and why
are standing up and standing together is
so important so yes I was I was so
pleasantly surprised at the turnout so
many people showed up via social media
there were actions in New York and in
California and in other places around
the country that I think show just how
important this issue is to so many of us
this is a time for us to not just show
up via a viral hashtag but in person
with our feet to the streets to say that
we won't be treated this way and we
won't stand for another survivor to be
treated this way I'd like to go back to
the specific comment that President
Trump made that led to the hashtag why
didn't report Trump tweeted early Friday
quote I have no doubt that if the attack
on dr. Ford was as bad as she says
charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I asked she bring those filings
forward so we can learn date time and
place Trump said Republican senator
Susan Collins from Maine a key vote in
Cavanaugh Supreme Court nomination was
later asked to respond to Trump's tweet
I was appalled by the president's suite
first of all we know that allegations of
sexual assault I'm not saying that's
what happened in this case but we know
that allegations of sexual assault are
one of the most unreported crimes that
exists
so I thought that the president's tweet
was completely inappropriate and wrong
that's Maine senator Susan Collins
tirana would you like to respond
absolutely I thought that that the tweet
was so insensitive and the reason why
you saw such a fierce and quick backlash
to it on the Internet is because it
touched a nerve with so many survivors
of sexual violence and allies and
supporters as the as the senator said we
know that sexual violence is severely
underreported and it's also
condescending right it's like he's put
he's putting out this tweet with this
false sense of well her loving parents
would have reported this incident we're
talking about a 15 year old girl at a
party with older boys 36 years ago who
probably left that party feeling
shameful feeling confused about what she
experienced and any number of emotions
that would cause her not to report the
incident that's why so many people came
forward to talk about their own reasons
for not reporting including myself
there's so many things that are that are
attributed to the survivor in cases of
sexual violence that she to say
something like that just shows his deep
insensitivity but it also shows what is
a widely held belief about sexual
violence in his country and I'm and I'm
not glad that he said it at all but it
did give us an opportunity to push back
and sort of educate the public about the
realities of what it is to be a survivor
of sexual violence well the the the
hearing that were that we'll be seeing
on Thursday in the Senate Judiciary
Committee harkens back to the Anita Hill
hearings and against Clarence Thomas
when he was named when he was nominated
to the Supreme Court do you think much
has changed or what in your in your view
has changed in the country since then
you know it's really shameful I was a
freshman in college during the Nita Hill
hearings and I remember it very very
well it was it left a mark on me as a
young woman a young black woman and it's
really shameful for America it's not our
shame I think it's really shameful for
the
it states government that we are back
here 27 years later with little evidence
that anything has changed I mean you
have some of the same people the Saints
Orrin Hatch who was on Anita Hills the
Senate Judiciary Committee during Anita
Hills hearing saying some similar things
talking about dr. Blakey Ford must be
confused it really is sad that we
haven't learned enough in this country
and this is why me to took off this is
why why I didn't report took off because
there really is a gap in an under in the
understanding of the life cycle of
survivors of sexual violence widely
across I think in the pop culture in
general in the country in general but
certainly in our government I want to go
to media matters senior fellow Matthew
Gertz who tweeted on my David Stern
about William Schine he said quote
Whitehouse calms director accused of
covering up sexual misconduct at Fox
chooses Fox host who defended networks
leading perpetrator of sexual misconduct
to interview SCOTUS nominee accused of
sexual misconduct who is picked by
president accused of sexual misconduct
that is the tweet William Schine the
current White House deputy chief of
staff for communications former
co-president of Fox News
let me bring Marcy wheeler into this
discussion at this point to respond to
this and this unprecedented moment where
where the Supreme Court nominee sits
down with his wife Ashley for a Fox
interview interestingly enough when the
interviewer asked him would you call for
an FBI investigation of course he
skirted this asked his wife first and he
interrupted and didn't let her answer
and guarded the answer so it's another
example where it's not sexual assault
but it's a clear sign that he doesn't
respect women he doesn't want women to
have their own autonomy to answer the
basic questions and then of course going
to the issue of an investigation if he
as he said throughout this never
happened why not say sure let the FBI
investigate it would just prove my point
well the other thing is he kept
repeating over and over again I've never
committed sexual assault I really feel
like we're headed towards a what's the
definition it depends on what the
definition of sexual assault is just you
know as Clinton tried to get away with
it depends on what the definition of it
is is because I can imagine him saying
well sticking my penis in a woman's face
is not sexual assault because no vaginal
contact happened is that what he's
thinking is that where we're going I
mean I I want to just ask one question
of trying to Burke following up on that
there's this unbelievable moment in this
interview where the interviewer asks him
about how long he was a virgin and this
is now people are laughing about this
saying this is what this has all come to
what does that have to do to run a Burke
with whether or not he sexually
assaulted somebody nothing it has
nothing to do with it whether he was a
virgin or not what dr. Blakey Ford
accused him of is absolutely what she
described is sexual assault it has
nothing to do with whether he had had
actual intercourse with somebody else or
not and as a matter of fact and I don't
I don't want to dig into you know
psychological things in his personal
life but you were in a high school with
highly privileged other people there are
lots of accounts from his best friend of
drunkenness and parties and things like
that I could see a 17 year old virgin
trying to prove themselves to be like
his boys and doing something like dr.
Blaser Ford described so that the whole
question about him being a virgin during
his time means that he didn't commit
sexual assault is is incredibly not is
not relevant to this moment and I agree
with with your other other guests or
said that Marcy Willa I'm sorry I agree
with you about I think we're going down
a dangerous road of what is sexual
assault and and and answering these
questions just based on how he answered
last night Marcia I'd like to ask you in
terms of the the the movement now of the
Senate Judiciary Committee have this
hearing on Thursday
what's the rush given the fact of as
many people have said that the the
Senate will waited a full
year and didn't even give it hearing to
Merrick garland when President Obama
named him what is the rush in getting
this hearing done and a volt Donal as
Mitch McConnell hopes this week well one
of the one of the rushes is that we know
the Republicans are learning of
additional allegations as they're
rushing things forward so they're trying
to get a hearing in a vote done before
another allegation and another
allegation or another allegation comes
forward because were close to four at
this point if those become solidified it
becomes a very different issue both or
whether become whether Cavanaugh becomes
the Supreme Court justice but also what
his future is on on the DC Circuit so
can you Marcy wheeler you've been
following all the cabin our hearings
very closely and what this all means at
this point the this new hearing is set
for Thursday Mitch McConnell says they
want to vote in the committee on Friday
and you heard him say he's going to take
this to the floor of the Senate
you have orrin hatch who served on this
committee and Anita Hills committee
saying he will support Kavanagh no
matter what it doesn't matter what
doctor Blasi Ford says your thoughts on
just where this is headed in this being
just a what five six weeks before the
midterm elections I think it's a game of
chicken between Mitch McConnell and
Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski
because both of those women appear to be
taking these allegations very seriously
as well as the rest of Cavanaugh's
record I mean there are other parts of
Cavanaugh's record which are troublesome
he he still won't say what he defines as
abortion whether he defines birth
control as abortion for example and I
think that that goes to the issue he
refused to hand oh he refused to look in
his emails to see whether he had
received sexually explicit emails from
Judge Kozinski's so Judge Kozinski the
judge who was forced to retire last
December a longtime mentor of his and
and so because sexual harass
so you know he was asked repeatedly were
you party to these sexually explicit
emails and he just obstinately refused
you but he came up with a calendar from
1982 when he was in high school to prove
he was not at a party on a certain date
that dr. Blasio Ford never said a date
right then and won't look at emails from
last year so I think these things are
all becoming an issue and if McConnell
moves it to the floor of the Senate
immediately then then the focus becomes
those two women and whether they're
gonna vote against cabin on against
their party to defeat this nomination
and and again it's it's a rush I think
that they are trying to rush out ahead
of other allegations I think they're
trying to rush out before we we take a
step back and put the entire picture
together because again these sexual
assault allegations are very much a
party with other pieces of evidence that
that judge Kavanagh both doesn't respect
women and doesn't tell the truth
finally if Kavanaugh doesn't get the nod
to be Supreme Court justice he remains
on the federal bench
should he be impeached I think those
we're gonna hear those questions going
forward particularly depending on what
happens in election and whether whether
Democrats take the House and Senate well
we want to thank you both for being with
us to Ronnie Burke founder of the me2
movement usually in New York but now in
Washington she participated in the mass
protests against Brett Kavanaugh in
Washington but they were not only there
they were all over the country and Marcy
wheeler we'd like to ask you to stay
with us to talk about rod Rosenstein
another major controversy that's brewing
Marcy wheeler with empty wheel net then
we'll be joined by well now Rutgers
University professor Naomi Klein to
speak along with Juan Gonzalez about
what's happening in Puerto Rico right
now and president Trump's latest comment
that he won't support statehood until
the San Juan mayor is out stay with us
you
