[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue with part
two of our discussion about well Brett
Kavanaugh objects to being held
accountable for his behavior in high
school so we've decided to look at the
criminalization of black and brown
students in high school and before
that's led to what is known as the
school to Prison Pipeline even the
preschool to Prison Pipeline for more in
this continuation of our discussion we
have a roundtable of community activists
engaged in the fight to save schools and
push for alternatives to punishment and
privatization their voice is highlighted
in a really interesting new book called
lift us up don't push us out voices from
the frontlines of the educational
justice movement in Chicago jitu Brown
is with us national director of the
journey for justice he's been an
education activist for over a quarter of
a century in 2015 led a successful 34
day hunger strike to prevent the closing
of the diet high school in Chicago's
South Side in Washington DC Zakia
sankhara Jabbar is with us co-founder of
racial justice now and field organizer
for the dignity and schools campaign she
became active when her son was
repeatedly suspended in preschool in
Dayton Ohio the trouble began when he
was three years old she then campaigned
for Dayton public schools to adopt a
moratorium on pre-k suspensions here in
New York ium eyes and Markowitz is with
us
restorative justice coordinator and high
school teacher board member of teachers
unite also with us in studio mark Warren
who along with David Goodman a
journalist also my brother co-authored
lifts us up
don't push us out which brings together
these voices and many more mark is a
professor of public policy and public
affairs at University of Massachusetts
Boston founder and co-chair of the urban
research-based Action Network so mark
you talk about 75% of the black students
and taxes have been suspended at some
point that's right and I think people
just are not aware of the absolute scale
of the school to Prison Pipeline so this
study showed that 75% of black students
were suspended at some point in middle
or high school 83% of black males were
suspended which means almost every
single one we're talking about
we're suspended at some point for what
well there's a variety of things and but
I think studies have shown that the
large majority of suspensions are for
things like willful defiance which can
be standing up to Authority this is
something that's a very subjective
interpretation on the part of the
teacher but and very few of these
suspensions are for things that would be
considered of a violent nature or a
possession of some kind of a firearm
less than 3% generally so very few are
for anything that's really a serious
matter the large majority are not but I
also want to say that you know this is a
book about also how things can change
right right that the point of lift us up
is to lift up the stories of where
grassroots people have really worked to
change it so for example in Los Angeles
a grassroots coalition led by young
people high school students themselves
as well as parents of color and their
allies pushed for a school Climate bill
of rights that was passed in 2013 and
that changed the discipline practical
policies in Los Angeles to eliminate
suspensions for willful defiance and so
the number of suspensions went down from
on average 75,000 students being
suspended a year to less than 6,000
students being suspended a year and this
is kind of thing has been happening
across the country where there have been
grassroots organizations pushing for
change in districts and states all
around and this is these are the store I
think people need to understand that
students and parents and communities of
color are not just victims of the school
to Prison Pipeline they are organizing
to become changing uzuki has encouraged
Jabbar in part one of this discussion
you told us what happened to your son
start
at the age of three and he was suspended
what that meant for him but then talk
about your movement and what you
accomplished first in Dayton Ohio where
this all happened and now being in
Washington part of a national movement
yes
thanks again Amy for having me and I I
think that you know what everyone said
is true now we're focusing on solutions
and focusing making sure that our
efforts also highlight the narrative of
poor and working-class black and brown
parents that's the base that I come out
of organizing in Dayton Ohio and so
there is not just a pathologize ation of
our children there's also a plethora
lies ation and a negative narrative
around our parenting and who we are as
parents and so we have seen in Dayton as
covered by the Dayton Daily News during
our campaigns for restorative practices
social-emotional learning in Dayton
public schools and in and the prevention
of suspending pre-k students we also
found that parents had been losing their
jobs because their young people have
been constantly suspended and not just
suspended Dayton public schools
unfortunately was one of the districts
in the big eight in Ohio who was also
expelling three and four-year-olds and
so the the story of parents losing their
jobs again covered by Dayton Daily News
is something that we see at the national
level the plight of the parents who are
also going through this and experience
in this is not covered very much and so
we wanted to make sure that in our book
and in our story in the book that we
highlighted that we do love our children
that if you are seeing young people show
up at school presenting challenges and
then there is support systems for those
young people we also need to have
support systems for parents especially
in our communities in West Dayton there
is not access to a grocery store right
there are not access to good paying jobs
there's not access even to a hospital
now good samaritan hospital the only
hospital in West Dayton just
recently closed I mean so you see these
communities who are starved for
resources that you need for basic that
you need for basic living and so that's
something that we have been organizing
around and pushing back not just on the
school district but also on the city of
Dayton the mayor and making sure that
we're asking for all of the wraparound
services and basic needs that we need
for our communities as a whole while
also making sure that schools have a
positive school climate and culture
where they're treating the students and
parents with dignity and respect
ium ice and Markowitz talk about what
happened in New York there was a change
of policy because of organizers like you
teachers throughout the the city really
pushing hard around changing suspension
policy so in the middle of the year last
year in 2017 there was a change in the
New York City discipline code that
required that a suspension for be 21
which is for defying Authority so
similar to what we've heard in other
districts around the country especially
in large districts with lots of black
and brown young people that was changed
so in order for a student to be
suspended for quote-unquote defying
Authority they the the school must first
get an approval from this from the
district so that is and and suspensions
are down 75% just from the middle of
last year during that discipline code
change in New York City however there
has not been any resources or like large
scale scale training that has come along
with that policy change and so the
organizers and I want to be clear that
there have been that teachers unite is a
part of the dignity and schools campaign
but I would say that the large majority
of folks that have been organizing for
those policy changes are the parents and
young people organizations and the
advocacy organizations that they've
allied with that we're hearing about
from G to and from Zakia and and
actually there's only two educator
organizing group groups in the Dignan
Schools campaign coalition so while
teachers are trying to make these things
real our school sites it doesn't it we
need the
the advocacy and organizing of young
people and families in and out of the
schools to make those policy changes and
in California this whole movement
clearly suffered a setback when
California Governor Jerry Brown vetoed a
bill that would have expanded a
statewide ban on suspensions for
students in kindergarten to third grade
to include fourth through eighth graders
the ban focusing on suspensions for
quote disruption and defiance a recent
UCLA study found black seventh and
eighth graders lost nearly four times
the number of school days to such
suspensions than white students the
significance of this mark yeah sure and
you know this is true nationally right
so nationally black students lose five
times as many school days to suspensions
as white students do I think that it's a
struggle that's going on right that this
is a fight for the soul of Education you
know is education going to be around
criminalizing our young people harshly
disciplining them and pushing them out
of school I mean you may be aware that
barely medjool a slim majority of black
students actually graduate from high
school in this country it's it's a
national crisis only a slight majority
of black students actually graduate from
high school in this country at this
point it you know and and it's a result
of policies and practices like harsh
discipline but also the lack of
resources in schools a curriculum that
is not culturally relevant that the
lives of young people in black and brown
communities so there's a whole you know
push out is not just about discipline
push out is about a whole set of factors
closing schools and black and brown
communities privatizing them which is
clearly something jitu Brown has been
fighting in Chicago and g2 we speak
today in the midst of the VanDyke trial
officer van Dyke who killed laQuan
McDonald 17 years old shot 16 times now
the video showing this teenager actually
moving away from the police officer the
issue of the police in schools jeetu
again I think that you know there was a
incident in Philadelphia a few years ago
it was called the assault at Benjamin
Franklin High School and there was a
young man named Brian Burnie who was a
member of the Philadelphia Student Union
who had to use the restroom
he was 17 years old he had an orange in
his hand and the police officer wouldn't
let him go to the bathroom the the
school resource officer was you know 63
230 big guy Brian Burnie maybe 5 1 130
pounds soaking wet and he wouldn't let
Brian go to the bathroom you tell him to
go get a pass Brian said I'm about to
peel myself I got to go to the bathroom
he wouldn't let Brian go Brian tried to
run past him he could grabbed his orange
he threw it against the wall the police
officer punched him in the face and put
him in a chokehold and they criminalize
Byron after that Brian after that and
tried to get him you know tried to expel
him from school and the Philadelphia
Student Union built a very strong local
coalition and then journey for justice
and other national groups supported and
we labeled it the assault at Benjamin
Franklin High School something happened
at a press conference in front of
Philadelphia public schools a young
white student who was also a member of
Philadelphia Student Union stood up and
he said you know at my school we smoked
just as much weed as they do we fight we
yell we cuss we argue what our teachers
there are no metal detectors and no
police officers in our building and he
shut the entire press conference down
because I think at the end of the day
that's the reality we don't want to look
at the reality is that America hates us
and since America hates us it is
reflected through policing you just
mentioned the piece around Van Dyke
we're bracing ourselves for a not guilty
verdict because even that mainstream
media is doing things I given his family
interviews showing pictures of him
walking with with
with bulletproof vest on surrounded by
police trying to make him into some type
of victim for pumping 16 bullets into a
teenager right so why why is that even
on the table because we're not valued
why are we talking about the suspension
of kindergarten through third graders
because we're not valued that value
system that hatred is was fueling this
why in the last year's just last year
did Rahm Emanuel close all the high
schools in the Englewood community on
the south side of Chicago all of them
why did the kid just mention the fact
that they don't have a hospital or a
grocery store basic quality of life
institutions that are denied us now what
I'd like to say also Amy is that the
connection between the school to Prison
Pipeline and I appreciate mark for a
really including school privatization in
that effort every city in the United
States without fail every city New
Orleans Detroit Chicago Philadelphia
Cleveland Oakland you can go on and on
every city where school privatization
has taken root and school privatization
takes the school-to-prison pipeline to
another level the way the young people
are treated in charters and things of
that nature every city where school
privatization is taking root and the
loss of affordable housing you've seen a
massive decrease in the african-american
population every city Washington DC
Philadelphia Oakland Chicago Detroit
Baltimore and so to us that's not a
coincidence
the the school-to-prison pipeline is a
weapon to remove us from these spaces
the if since we're not valued we're
treated as if we're not valued and these
spaces are now being taken over by white
folks who fled the cities in the 50s and
the 60s and so I don't think we need to
we we should we should ignore that point
because this is about our right to exist
our right to exist in cities that we
that we help say
through our sweat equity and then of
course and then of course when people go
to prison it makes it much more
difficult in most parts of the country
to be able when you come out to have a
say in how your country or city your
town is shaped because many people are
stricter their right to vote
sukhiya you wanted to get in a word
edgewise there no thanks Amy no I
completely agree with g2s assessment and
I was just adding you know not just our
right to exist but our right to exist
and thrive in our communities I know for
my family you know in Dayton Ohio
they're black folks that were a part of
the great migration north fully you know
fleeing you know the mobs of white
supremacist in the south you know to
good paying jobs at the General Motors
plant that was all over the Midwest at
one point and so you know these are
people who are now elders in our
communities in West Dayton who own their
homes who play by all the right rules
you know and live to try to make their
own American dream and now it's being
threatened by the very same things that
g2 is talking about by the starvation
the literal starvation of basic needs of
West Dayton which is predominantly
african-american and so it is the
starvation to force us out of our
communities where we own homes to allow
wider communities white people to come
in to buy up the properties for a little
of nothing and basically take over the
neighborhood G - zaps absolutely right
you know we've seen that all over the
country in the bigger cities but I just
wanted to flag that is also happening in
in smaller Midwest cities like a Dayton
Ohio and it's very unfortunate and it's
absolutely connected to the
school-to-prison pipeline and the hyper
policing that we now see when the
communities are struggling for resources
instead of of you know making sure that
resources are there and thriving for
communities they're replacing hospitals
with more police that's right Amy cadet
yes in your last minute
on satellite yes yes man I would just
say you know a great man once taught me
that avoid strong opinions for they suit
weak men are women better and public
policy now is being implemented based on
a white America's opinion of our
communities and what with and so what
we're saying now is that the fight
bigger than even bigger than the school
to Prison Pipeline is to make America
realize the demand for equity because we
must have equity in how children are
disciplined we must have equina I'm not
saying equality equity in school
curriculum we must have equity in how
schools a resource so the money that
Betsy device is saying that she wants to
spend on guns why don't she try fully
funding IBA and title one that's all
that those resources could flow into our
neighborhood schools zacchaeus
encourager Park can you talk about the
effect of police and the schools and
what you are pushing for absolutely
dignity in schools campaign where I'm
the national field or as an organizer
was one of the first if not the first
national organization that came out
against the regular presence of law
enforcement in schools we have a
platform called counselors not cops that
was launched in 2017 where we pull
together all of the incidents including
the incident of the G to just reference
the incident where the young woman was
snatched and manhandled by a white SRO
down in South Carolina and I a Kenny
stands for school resource officer thank
you when you dragged her rip yes how to
protect her out of her chair terrible
listen they're all over the country and
we have members in 26 states including
the District of Columbia over a hundred
members across this country and so we
went through a very lengthy process with
talking with our members which are
parents young people as you know teacher
organizations and really had a deep
conversation about what the regular
presence of law enforcement means we
know that it disproportionately impacts
students of color but in particular
black students and even more particular
black male students are as
been highlighted earlier I just have to
go back to the point that g2 talked
about earlier where there is a deep
hatred and in a value system of how we
view black children starting even at
three years old how we how we view black
girls and black boys unfortunately black
girls are disciplined six times as much
as white girls
whereas for our young black male
students while they represent you know
most of out-of-school suspensions
expulsions and even interactions with
law enforcement in schools are three
times its likely to be suspended then
they're a white male counterpart so this
is absolutely an issue that is prevalent
it has been even before unfortunately
this administration and we continue to
organize and push for the right
solutions that are not hardening schools
but are using positive approaches like
restorative justice that are using
positive approaches like
social-emotional learner and
trauma-informed care and again to Mark's
point it also goes back to resources so
