this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
i meani goodman we end today's show
remembering the life and legacy of david
McReynolds longtime pacifist and
socialist whom historian Howard Zinn and
many others have called a hero of the
anti-war movement
McReynolds died Friday at the age of 88
for nearly four decades from 1960 to
1999 McReynolds was a staff member with
a war resisters lead where he focused on
counter recruitment helped organize one
of the first draft card burning 'he's
went on to play a key role in some of
the major demonstrations against the
vietnam war
he also campaigned for nuclear
disarmament in 1980 and 2000 David
McReynolds ran for president as an
openly gay man on the Socialist Party
USA ticket it was while he was
campaigning in 2000 that he spoke about
his life of activism during an interview
on Democracy Now
I joined the Socialist Party at UCLA in
1951 I joined the war resisters League
about the same time I was arrested for
refusing induction during the Korean War
not the Vietnam War won that case on a
technicality went to work for liberation
magazine in 1957 underage a musty and
Bayard Rustin Dave Dellinger Roy Finch
Sid lens and will on the staff of the
war resisters League in 1960 and worked
for that until January of 1999 when I
retired and am now running as a
Socialist Party's candidate my history
I'm afraid does not include any dramatic
military service but a number of arrests
over the years and in the course of the
Vietnam War a visit to Hanoi in Saigon
in the course of the Gulf War a visit to
Iraq shortly before the main assault
there and other visits to other parts of
the world the Soviet Union during the
period when it was about to break up I
was in Prague by sure
good luck during the invasion you don't
often get a chance to be there during
that kind of
so that's that's the summation of my
history well Dave how do you respond to
those who would say that your quest for
the presidency is even more quixotic and
what what do you hope to gain by running
yeah let me add one thing to that record
so I'm not accused of avoiding it I came
out as a homosexual in 1969 so I think
that was one of the first open
statements the presidential election is
a referendum on ideas that's really all
it is I'm trying to present the concept
of socialism put it back in the American
dialog I think it has a right to be in
I'm tired of hearing we're
anti-imperialist anti-racist and so on
and not know what were for and i am for
democratic socialism and ideas old was
1901 when the party was founded goes
back to the last century it's not rooted
in Moscow or or Lenin the real struggle
is at the Congressional level at the
legislative level and it's in the
streets that we're not I don't think
people really are aware many of those
who are backing the Nader for example I
don't think are aware of the power of
the structure they oppose and the cost
it will take to change that structure if
you look at any really serious social
change from India under Gandhi which I
take is my example and my methodology
there were large numbers of people
killed and there were massive arrests
and Gandhi spent a large part of his
adult life in British prisons if you
look at the Southern Movement you're
looking at a trail of blood and horror
and children killed in their schools and
beatings and brutality that only if you
were in the South during that time can
you understand the slogan that said that
many atheists went to the South but none
returned his atheists because of the
impact of the black Baptist Church
but those struggles were not won in the
corpse they were not run simply one
simply by votes that was part of a
dialectical thing but there are one on
the streets
that was David McReynolds speaking in
2000 and democracy now when we were
broadcasting from the Republican
convention in Philadelphia Dave
McReynolds died Friday at the age of 88
he had fallen days before in his home
and his apartment in that Lower East
Side when he was found he was rushed to
the hospital
David McReynolds wrote extensively
throughout his life including a
collection of essays in 1970 titled
we've been invaded by the 21st century
we have that paperback book here for
more were joined by David's longtime
friends here in New York at hedeman is
with us a close friend of David
McReynolds starting in the 70s the two
work together for decades at the war
resisters league on counter recruitment
and disarmament campaigns and war and is
the author of the war resisters league
organizers manual and also their book
war tax resistance a guide to
withholding your support from the
military in 1982 and co-founded the
national war tax resistance Coordinating
Committee which still exists today also
with us via Democracy Now video stream
is Jeremy Scahill
investigative journalist co-founder of
the intercept author of a number of
books including Blackwater the rise of
the world's most powerful mercenary army
and dirty wars the world is a
battlefield we welcome you both to
Democracy Now and heed him and talk
about your longtime friend David
McReynolds and his significance was he
was really the symbol of the war
resisters leaned from the 1960s through
the 1990s he was the most visible
spokesperson he was a very articulate
speaker he was an organizer terrific
writer his specialty was more probably
position papers he wrote a lot of that I
mean he did have that one book which was
the collection of essays but he was also
a terrific organizer he had some clever
ideas against the Vietnam War and he
helped organize the first demonstration
in the United States against the Vietnam
War in 1963
I want to ask you about his
participation in the legendary draft
card burning protest against the Vietnam
War in Union Square the first draft card
was burned in 1964 and was sort of like
burning the American flag back then it
created a lot of reaction from the
government especially they were very
unhappy with the concept that draft aged
men would not have the draft cards
especially pup burning them publicly and
that was just an outrage and he joined
with Dorothy Day the legendary Catholic
Worker activist and founder of the
Catholic Worker movement against the
civil defense drill yes explain
yeah well the United States required
once a year that people take shelter for
10 minutes or half hour or something
like that this is in the early 50s the
Catholic Worker along with war resisters
League and other organizations try to
protest at City Hall Park they would
refuse to take shelter and 20 in 1955 29
of them got arrested wasn't David he
hadn't moved to New York then
but David later helped organize very
large protests in 1959 1960 61 in
opposition and eventually the government
gave up and there's just too many people
out refusing to take shelter and they
gave up on the whole program jeremy
scahill you have known david McReynolds
for more than two decades talk about
your his influence on your life and why
he made us such a difference to you well
you know Amy the United States is a
country that is fundamentally built on
lies about itself and you know both
David McReynolds and the late beragon
brothers Phil and Dan Berrigan said that
the biggest lie of America is that
nuclear weapons
keep us safe the biggest lie of modern
times and if you look at who gets
eulogized and endless hours of cable
news I I mean when Henry Kissinger dies
I think all the networks will just shut
down and of course the greatest liars
the greatest war monger
are the greatest individuals when it
comes to celebrating their lives when
they die if we lived in a just society
that was based on truth and facts an
actual history all of the cable networks
would be covering the life and legacy of
David McReynolds I mean here you had he
was really the first secular
revolutionary that I met I came from a
you know leftist Catholic family I was
very much influenced by the Catholic
Worker and the berrigan's and you know
David McReynolds was you know an openly
gay socialist pacifist who really cast
his lot for the bigger part of his life
with faith-based organizers under the
auspices of the war resisters League
which of course is not a you know a
faith-based organization but rather an
ecumenical organization of people of all
faiths and no faiths David McReynolds
was as Ed said a master tactician I
remember one of the early events that I
was involved with with David was in 1997
at the height of Bill Clinton bombing
Iraq on average once every three days
under the auspices of the so-called
no-fly zones in the north and south and
David had arranged a meeting with the
deputy ambassador US ambassador to the
United Nations and he had actually known
her as a protest organizer during
Vietnam and he or she was now arguing
and helping to make the case that the
United States should overthrow the
government of Saddam Hussein and
escalate its military action and David
made a remarkably brilliant tactical
technical case against the war yes he
could make the moral case but where
David really excelled among activists is
that he could argue with the so-called
sophisticates of the war party and they
really really left him speechless they
they couldn't look David in the eye and
say you're wrong about this they could
only say we'll see and David was right
about every single US military operation
in his lifetime and it's very telling
that all of the people who have been so
wrong for so long are now talking heads
on cable news including some of the most
visible neo-cons in our history so you
know
David McReynolds you were always right
about us Wars and may young people study
your example because we need it so
desperately now I wanted to go to fake
flyer that and hedeman shared with us
that you believe was written by the
FBI's COINTELPRO office in 1971 to sow
dissension among anti-war groups it's
titled the third what and it appears to
be a fake flyer from Black Power
activists that is meant to gay bait
David McReynolds and other leaders of
the anti-war movement just before the
mass of 1971 demonstration in Washington
in April
it begins quote according to chief white
[ __ ] Dave McReynolds of the lily-white
war resisters League edu also shared
with thee also share the FBI memo
authorizing the production of the flyer
that notes it should be quote prepared
on unwatered mark commercially purchased
paper and all efforts made to protect
Bureau as source of leaflets before we
talk about this though I wanted to go
back to David McReynolds talking about
his life as an openly gay activist in an
interview he did with his friend Anthony
Jackie no 19:49 was a very significant
year for me partly because that was the
year that I had met Alvin Ailey in the
men's room at UCLA and decided that I
was homosexual I was 19 Alvin Ailey was
18 he was not famous he was not yet a
dancer we met in a bathroom which was a
gay meeting place at UCLA and I became
involved with Alvin I wish I could say
we had had a long love affair but we did
not but I got to know Alvin very well he
would go over to his house in about once
a week and talk about poetry he
introduced me to the poetry of he
comings of William Carlos Williams of
Kenneth Patchen I was certain he was
very much in love with Alvin
and Alvin then went on of course to
become a major choreographer found of
the Ailey Dance Company when I owe him
an enormous debt
Alvin helped me accept being homosexual
because he was not guilty he was not
nervous he was not ashamed and I had
viewed the whole business of
homosexuality as very deeply shameful
and very very wrong
and Alvin was the first person I met who
was sweet charming good-looking but
absolutely seemed free of guilt and that
was very liberating to me that in itself
was remarkably liberating to me I think
my real commitment to pacifism occurred
when I heard Byard Rustom speak in 1949
he was in many ways an essential part in
the civil rights struggle along with a
philip Randolph and Martin Luther King
jr. he worked with them both very
closely Byard was an absolutely
essential figure of the two people in my
own life that I owe my thinking my
analysis to and AJ musty was the other
and my relationship with AJ was that of
one of his lieutenants he was an adviser
to Martin Luther King jr. he was the
figure around them the Vietnam movement
coalesced
but these are the two men and meant that
most to me personally and and and did in
fact change my life and directed that's
David McReynolds talking about his
relationship with Alvin Ailey and with
Byard Rustin the openly gay black
pacifist who helped with a philip
Randolph to organize the 1963 march on
Washington with dr. King ed hedeman you
have this flyer that was put out and an
FBI COINTELPRO document explain the
COINTELPRO was set up
counterintelligence program by the FBI
to try to disrupt the anti-war and left
movements in general
and they had produced this flyer because
of an upcoming massive demonstration in
Washington which turned out about
500,000 people but they gay baited him
they gave Aidid Dave Dellinger and a
number of others in part to sow
dissension but they produced other
fliers this is one that mentions David
up top and they they talk about their
memos kind of amusing I don't know if
you can pass it they they wrote this
they said it is noted leaflet is written
in excellent fashion to in typical
language of the New Left and as such
contains profanity and vulgarity which
are inseparable ly associated with
adherence of this movement we are we are
approving inclusion of profanity because
to do otherwise read would render the
leaflets suspect so you know this is how
they thought the movement spoke it
didn't speak like this of course bus and
Jeremy as you listen to this
this attempting to undermine pit
different movements Black Panthers war
resisters League against each other yeah
well you know one of the things that I
think it was remarkable about the life
of both David McReynolds and you heard
Edie mentioned Dave Dellinger the
legendary pacifist the oldest member of
the so-called Chicago eight conspiracy
trial that arose out of the 1968
Democratic convention in Chicago was
this ability not to be paralyzed by the
tactics of authoritarians
you know David was to his core and
anti-authoritarian on big issues and on
small issues and he was at times
controversial within social justice and
peace movements you know David took
pacifism very seriously and during the
Vietnam War would condemn the torture of
American prisoners of war by Ho Chi
Minh's forces and he also believed that
his primary purpose in this world as
someone born into privilege in the
United States of America was to hold his
own government accountable and Amy the
last time I saw David McReynolds
was at a gathering of of our mutual
friends house Matt Tolui CEO and there
were activists there like Cathy Kelly
the founder of voices in the wilderness
who spent the majority of her life with
people in war zones in Carlmont Rada
who's now facing trial for this
plowshares action and was recently on
Democracy Now and that meeting was
called together with David sort of as
the elder wise counselor to try to
discuss how to take direct action
against the u.s. genocide 'el war in
Yemen and of course I think it's
somewhat fitting that you now have CNN
and other networks naming the
corporations that make the munitions
that blew up for instance a bus full of
dozens of innocent Yemeni children it's
fitting that this media honesty finally
after the United States has been bombing
Yemen since 2002 ami Barack Obama was
bombing Yemen at times almost daily and
now under trumpet continues unabated
under the auspices of some Saudi UAE
coalition David was always clear this is
a u.s. massacre ongoing and his last
organizing effort was in fact aimed at
stopping the genocidal US involvement in
the destruction of the poorest country
in the Arab world Yemen and finally at
hedeman David died as his and his
beloved cat who he injected with insulin
twice a day yes
also died as David was taken to the
hospital
yeah after David was taking his cat
shaman shaman died yes it's it was
tragic all around but at least David
never knew that shaman had died they
were very close oh absolutely
on that note we're gonna wrap up this
part of the discussion but Jeremy I'm
going to ask you to stay on we're gonna
do part two and here David McReynolds
talking about passivism and why he was a
socialist
yes David McReynolds ran for president
twice on the socialist USA party ticket
longtime pacifist with the war resisters
League at hedeman his colleague at the
WRL
an investigative journalist Jeremy
Scahill both knew him for decades that
does it for a show check our part 2
conversation at democracynow.org under
web exclusives I'm Amy Goodman thanks
for joining us
[Music]
you
