is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman 50
years ago today on May 17 1968 and the
Baltimore suburb of Catonsville Maryland
a group of Catholic priests and lay
people stood around a small fire that
they had made praying and singing they'd
gone into the local draft board office
and taken 378 draft Records for the
young men in the 1a category who were
most likely to get drafted to go to war
in Vietnam they set fire to the draft
records using homemade napalm made from
gasoline and laundry soap to symbolize
the US military's use of napalm
Vietnamese civilians they became known
as the Catonsville nine video of the act
of civil disobedience was seen around
the world and when it turned to the 2012
documentary hit and stay which
chronicles the stories of the activists
including fathers Phil and Dan Berrigan
we make our prayer in the name of that
God whose name is peace and decency and
unity
we love taking our badges
roasting the fire you're all part of
this while people throughout the world
these files are also a form
napalm which was made from information
and from a formula in the United States
Special Forces handbook published by the
School of Special Warfare in the United
States we all had a hand in making Rene
today napalm is a very old weapon it
goes back to the Byzantines but it
really came to public attention during
the war in Vietnam
pictures of make fallen people so that
was a kind of quintessential symbol of a
war we were burning babies literally the
Vietnam well that's why we wanted to
come up with something symbolic and also
something that would really destroy the
Fox our churches failed to act
officially and we feel that as
individuals we're going to have to speak
out in the name of Catholicism and
Christianity and we hope by our action
to inspire other people who have
Christian principles or a faith similar
to Christianity will act accordingly to
to stop the terrible destruction that
America is wrecking on the whole world
we regret very much I think all of us
the inconvenience and even something
that you brought to these works here we
sincerely hopefully didn't injure
[Music]
we have chosen to be powerless criminals
in a time of criminal
we have chosen to be branded as pea
spoon
[Music]
the Catonsville nine were prosecuted and
in 1970 given prison sentences of up to
three years behind bars
earlier this month a ceremony was held
in Catonsville Maryland to mark the
unveiling of a new historical marker to
commemorate the action I spoke to
margarita Melville she's one of the last
surviving members of the Catonsville
nine can you tell tell us where we are
right now what is this building the
Knights of Columbus rented out the
second floor to a Selective Service
registration office this was where the
draft board was and that the draft board
was in the second floor of this building
so what did you do when you came here
somebody had cased it out for us because
I mean Tom and I had just gotten back to
this country from from Guatemala and
Mexico so somebody had cased it out and
we thought it was fair they looked for a
place where it would be safe to run down
that we could get out quickly and then
we had a place to burn them that was
nearby so we ran up but I can't fight I
can't remember exactly the stare where
it was I remember rushing down the
stairway and then we stood here there
were no it wasn't paved so it's just
dirt and it was easy to put out the fire
afterwards you know once everything was
preferred so what you were burning was
that the files out of it this is before
computers so there was only one copy of
each file and these were the draft file
these was a one draft files not just the
draft files those who had bourree or
whatever the other categories were were
not affected I just met two men who were
deferred because they were in school and
they said why didn't you burn ours
whatever had to go serve two years after
he got out of school we got as many as
we could we put them in baskets Mary and
I kept the two women clerks from
stopping us
I kept ready to tackle her standing and
I stood over one there were two and Mary
in front of the other one if you wanted
to use the phone we've burned call the
police
we that was not our our interest because
we were going to get finished before
they got here
and so you brought these files down the
groove you the catonsville did you take
any personally now no I personally put a
match on them so we made sure that each
one of us participated in the actual
Bernie and you brought them out here and
put them in a trash can
no no no no in the middle of the parking
area we we circled it and burnt the
files and when Tom my husband was very
sure that that every last file was out
of the basket so none got left tucked in
there and so we burnt them well I'll
kick the counter the basket around it
was a wire basket
and so we each threw in a match and we
were able to burn them all right there
and as you did this with father Dan
Berrigan and father Philip Berrigan and
your own husband and John Hogan and
George Mishi
and Tom Lewis and Mary Moyer and you
that come from Guatemala at Tom and John
and I had been missionaries in Guatemala
where we had seen Green Berets beginning
to work with them watermelon
army and it's teaching them how to use
napalm later on they taught him how to
do strategic villages and you they had
the pattern down and you burn these
files with neighbor that was the recipe
was in the Special Forces handbook soap
suds suds in those like ivory soap suds
and gasoline and why the suds so that
they'd stick to your body and they'll
burn and burn and burn and you can't
wash it off real fast and that's what
the power of NATO guy was napalm and
soon thereafter my brother-in-law art
Melville and Katherine's Seguin and a
group of them went up to the Dow
Chemical offices and went into the file
they've got all the recipes for napalm
and threw them out the window because
Dow is the one del Chemical Western it
was manufacturing the Naples the
manufactured napalm we did the Special
Forces handbook recipe which is very
simple but very effective and how is it
used in Vietnam
remember those words of father Dan say
it's better to burn paper than to burn
children drew me that picture of that
little girl running down the roads with
no clothes on because they had been
burned off of her face that was part of
our inspiration we don't want that to
continue were you afraid as we stood
here having burned the fire oh I knew
were you planning to run away no no no
no no this this is civil disobedience we
stay put what happens we stay put we
waited we set the Our Fathers we held
hands with [ __ ] our fathers and when
the police came hi guys and we got into
the paddy wagon and we went to the local
jail how do you feel standing here
Knights of Columbus property when the
monument the plaque for what you did is
a ways away you know what it's it's
symbolic it just shows the the first
that we're not really in this together
as a society so explain what happened
why is the marker down here with the
Knights of Columbus
there's no Selective Service office
anymore they just weren't happy with the
idea that's kind of a marker on their
property
that's Margaery to Melville speaking
earlier this month in Catonsville
Maryland where a marker was dedicated to
the Catonsville nine action 50 years ago
today the late father Dan Berrigan once
wrote the late father Dan Berrigan once
wrote about this action he wrote this is
what he had to say about the Catonsville
action when I interviewed him he said
our apologies good friends for the
fracture of good order the burning of
paper instead of children I interviewed
him in 2006 and asked him how he came to
be involved in the Catonsville action
and why he went underground after his
trial Philip came up he was
awaiting sentencing for prior action in
67 in Baltimore where they poured their
blood on draft files in the city and he
came up to Cornell and announced to me
very coldly that he and others were
going to do it again I was blown away by
the courage the really of my brother in
not really just submitting to the prior
conviction but saying we've got to
underscore the first action with another
one and he said you're invited so I
fought hard and said give me a few days
I want to talk about pros and cons of
doing a thing like this and so when I
started meditating and putting down
reasons to do it and reasons not to do
it it became quite clear that the option
and the invitation were out weighing
everything else and that I had to go
ahead with them so I notified him that I
was in and we did it now this was after
he'd been to North Vietnam right this
was May of 68 and I had been in Hanoi in
late January early February of that year
with historian Howard Zinn's right
freeing prisoners of war yes we brought
home Street fliers who had been captured
and imprisoned it was a kind of gesture
of peace in the midst of war by the
Vietnamese during the so-called Tet
holiday which was traditionally a time
of reunion of families and so they
wanted these Flyers to be reunited
family in Catonsville the was this the
first time you were breaking the laws of
the United States
no I had been at the Pentagon in 67 and
I think was in October and a great
number of us were arrested after a
warning from McNamara to disperse and we
spent a couple of weeks in jail rather
rough and we did it fast and we were in
the DC jail which is already mixed lot
so I had had a little bit of a taste
during that prior year you and your
brother Phil Berrigan had an unusual
relationship with the Secretary of
Defense McNamara you actually talked to
him wrote to him met him yes I met him
at a social evening with the Kennedys in
about 65 and after this very posh dinner
which was welcoming me home from Latin
America one of the Kennedys announced
that they they would love to have a
discussion between the Secretary of War
myself in front of everybody which we
did start and they asked me to initiate
the thing and I said to the secretary
something about since you didn't stop
the war this morning I wonder if you do
it this evening so he looked kind of
past my left ear and said well I'll just
say this to father Bergen and everybody
Vietnam is like Mississippi if they
won't obey the law you send the troops
in and he thought and the next morning
when I returned to New York City I said
to a secretary at
we were publishing I said would you
please take this down in shorthand
because in two weeks I won't believe
that I heard what I heard the secretary
said in response to my request to stop
the war quote Vietnam is like
Mississippi if they won't obey the
lawyer send the troops in and this was
supposed to be the brightest of the
bright one of the whiz kids respected by
all in the cabinet's are etc etc and he
talks like a sheriff out of Selma
Alabama whose law won't obey whose law
well that was the level of which the war
was being fought Sudan after the trial
you went underground why did you decide
to do that well the war had worsened and
the spring of 70 the campuses were
aflame Nixon had invaded Laos there were
secret bombing going on the war had
widened it was a bad time to turn
oneself in and we were comparing that
order to military induction it was like
saying well I'm going to off to war I'm
going to obey them go off to war I'm
going to take the penalty for what we
did to make the war evidently evidently
unwinnable a nun waging war so a group
of us said no call they went underground
and what does it mean when you go
underground well it meant that the FBI
was on your tail and that Hoover was
outraged and very angry and and kept
marking up sheets that we got out
Freedom of Information later saying get
him
and scrawling all these orders around
and putting extra people on our tail but
you were showing up in the strangest
places all sorts of places including
preaching in church and and getting on
national television was a good interview
and so on and so forth so it really
increased the edginess of the whole
thing that's father Dan Berrigan
speaking in 2006 the Catonsville Action
inspired hundreds of other actions at
draft boards across the United States it
also led to a global protest effort to
end the threat of nuclear war known as
the plowshares movement in 1980 Dan
Berrigan again with his brother Phil and
others broke into a General Electric
nuclear missile plant in King of Prussia
Pennsylvania in the first Pleasures
action the most recent plowshares action
took place on April 4th the 50th
anniversary of dr. Martin Luther King's
assassination when seven Catholic
plowshares activists entered the Kings
Bay Naval Base the largest nuclear
submarine base in the world in Georgia
they were armed with just hammers crime
tape and baby bottles containing their
own blood the seven have been locked up
since they were arrested one of the
seven as Elizabeth McCallister the widow
of Philip Berrigan a priest at the time
he led the Catonsville action 50 years
ago today this is democracy now back in
a minute
