this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners across
the country and around the world we
begin today's show looking at the hate
fueled crimes that have swept the nation
in the past week eleven worshippers at
the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh
were killed Saturday what has been
described as the deadliest anti-semitic
attack in US history the attack came
just one day after a Trump supporter in
Florida named Cesar seoc was arrested
and charged with mailing bombs to more
than a dozen of the president's
prominent critics including the Clintons
the Obamas and George Soros law
enforcement officers now say say I had a
list of over 100 targets but there was a
third hate fueled crime that received
far less coverage less wheat the murder
of two elderly African American
customers at a Kentucky grocery store on
Wednesday
Gregory Bush a 51 year old white man
opened fire and killed Morris Tyler and
Vicki Lee Jones at a Kroger supermarket
in Jeffersontown Kentucky outside
Louisville after unsuccessfully trying
to enter a predominantly black church
now the community is demanding justice
for what the Louisville Chief of Police
is called a hate crime Gregory Bush was
captured on a surveillance camera trying
to force open the doors of the First
Baptist Church of Jefferson town for
several minutes Wednesday before turning
his attention instead to the nearby
supermarket where he killed Murray
Stallard and Vicki Lee Jones armed
bystander ed Harrell confronted Bush in
the parking lot outside the grocery
store after the killings this is
Harold's son Steve's in anger speaking
with a local NBC affiliate the shooter
yeah
did that man say he did he didn't
realize it was him till he'd already
seen the gun by his side he said don't
shoot me I won't shoot you he's like
whites don't kill whites whites don't
kill whites Gregory Busch said Gregory
Busch has a history of making racist
slurs and a long rap sheet of
misdemeanor charges including domestic
violence menacing and making terroristic
threats in 2009 a judge ordered Bush to
surrender his guns and undergo
mental-health treatment after his
parents claimed he had threatened to
shoot them Bush's father has said his
son quote carries a gun wherever he goes
unquote it's not clear whether Bush's
guns were returned when the court order
expired in 2011 Gregory Bush will face
two counts of murder and 10 counts of
wanton endangerment at a court hearing
scheduled for November 4 more we're
going to Louisville to join two guests
Atticus Scott is Kentucky State
Representative certified anti racism
trainer in 2016 she became the first
African American woman to serve in
Kentucky's state legislature in 20 years
and Reverend Vincent James is with us
he's chief of community building for the
city of Louisville pastor of Allen
Baptist Church we welcome you both to
Democracy Now wherever in Vincent James
you knew one of the murder victims can
you talk about what happened on
Wednesday something that was not paid
very much attention to around the
country first bushes apparent attempt to
get into a predominantly black church
than going over to Kroger's the grocery
store yes thank you Amy for having us on
the show Wednesday was a very somber day
there somewhere a little bit before
three o'clock all of us was in the
office at the mayor's office and one of
our colleagues we heard a scream and she
was on the phone and and she was talking
with someone we really didn't know what
had happened at that point and then as
time to continue to proceed we
discovered that there was a possibility
of a that was shooting and it was a
possibility there was a family member
not really understanding and knowing
what had happened we immediately Brianna
went out to the location we had several
members of our team there and we later
discovered that Kelly Watson who is the
chief equity officer in Metro government
Louisville Metro government that it was
her father Mari Stallard who had been
murdered and another law another woman
had been murdered in the parking lot I
was a horrific day sad day and we're
continuing to grieve through this
process but one of the exciting things
is that we're a very resilient city and
we've been working on some things in
terms of out of Kelly's office as the
chief equity officer in terms of looking
at these very types of issues well I
wanted to ask a representative Atticus
Scott in terms of the the reaction of
some public officials in the area about
whether this was a hate crime or not
could you talk about that and the
judgment that people did or didn't go
through very soon after this this crime
occurred definitely and when something
like this happens the entire community
grieves and is anxious and is stressed
out and often looked to elected leaders
to provide some direction and guidance
and in this situation we as an
african-american community were failed
by many of our elected officials who
refused to call this what it was which
is a hate crime when you kill to black
people miss Jones a mister Stallard and
you try to break into a black church
that's a hate crime and to have people
at the local and state level refused to
even call it a hate crime since a
message to many of us in community that
our lives do not indeed matter to some
people and we shouldn't have to beg you
to call this what it is we hope to have
Mayor Greg Fischer on he had to back out
late last night but Reverend Vincent
James you work for the mayor can you
talk about it can you talk about that
weather why the mayor didn't immediately
call it a hate crime well I can share
with you the mayor did come out and say
that it was a hate crime he talked about
the fact
that this situation was driven by hate
when you think about and I have the
privilege of pastor in the local
african-american church in the in the
city and understanding in terms of what
the community needs and and and the hurt
that a community goes through and they
experienced this and just recently on
yesterday Mayor Greg Fischer and several
local pastors and faith leaders in our
community sat down and talked with a
Commonwealth Attorney Tom wine and
talked about this very issue of a hate
crime if horrendous hate crime and mayor
Fischer acknowledged it he identified
with it and he grieves with the
community and the families and so he's
very aware and very in tune and we've
been working on these issues
for the past several years working with
Jerr governor lives for racial equity
and putting together racial equity plans
in terms of our community one of our
tenants in terms of when we think about
our community is a very compassionate
community so our mayor's heart was
grieved
he's angered but also we're going move
into action we've put in action plans
and we working with community leaders to
begin to look at how this can never
happen and get in our community how do
we avoid these types of things and so as
a community we were very resilient we're
very focused and we have a plan in place
to be able to execute that this won't
happen again
well representative Scott I wanted to
see if you if you agree with the
assessment of Reverend James and also if
you could talk about this whole issue of
the blue lives matter legislation that
went through the the legislature we have
to make sure that we have honest
conversations about what got us here and
when we have a political system that
passes hateful legislation when we have
societal issues around comments that are
made whether you're calling young black
kids punks or thugs or whether you're
passing legislation like the blue lives
matter bill and and changing Kentucky's
hate crimes law to now include your
profession what you choose to do if you
are a first responder including law
enforcement
that sends a clear message across
Kentucky about whose lives really do
matter and then this year passing a
so-called gang bill that we saw in
Mississippi in the eight years since
it's been passed that only black people
have received an enhanced sentence from
that gang bill to have supported and
then passed that bill here in Kentucky
sends a message across our black
communities and other communities of
color that you are under attack by your
own elected officials at the local and
state level and we have to have those
honest conversations that say wait a
minute what are we doing to make sure
that we're looking to restore people to
their fullness rather than to
incarcerate them so that we can justify
building more prisons I wanted to
correct we had said the st. Louis police
chief but it's the Jeffersontown Police
Chief Sam Rogers yeah we had said the
Louisville Police Chief but the
Jeffersontown Police Chief Sam Rogers
who told the First Baptist Church on
Sunday that the shooting was motivated
by racism was a hate crime
can you talk Reverend James about the
feelings right now inside the church
that bush apparently tried to get into
you're the reverend of another church
how churches are feeling right now
and also this being the one of a series
of attacks this week I mean you have
this man allegedly saying to a white man
standing outside with a gun outside
Kroger's White's don't kill White's like
saying don't kill me or he's not going
to kill him then you have the letter
bombs now apparently 15 of them sent out
to people who are critics of President
Trump and then of course the horrific
synagogue massacre that took place that
at another place of worship in
Pittsburgh the funerals beginning today
with the anti-semitic shooter who also
linked
Jewish groups helping immigrants and his
fierce anti-immigrant hatred yes
it's it's a very sad time in our country
when we have these types of acts of
hatred in our communities and in our
churches and synagogues and mosque when
you think about all that has taken place
across the country but one of the things
that people of faith recognize the fact
that these challenges are written in the
Holy Word that these things were to come
and so one of the things in terms of
what we find in what we see as faith
leaders as community leaders is that it
is our faith that really drives us
beyond what we see and what we
experience to hope that we know that
with people coming together and staying
together that we can change we have to
realize and know that we this is not a
time to turn on each other but it's a
time to turn to each other and so what
I've seen across the faith community
talking with all kinds of faith leaders
across our city and across this country
is the fact that we have a reality that
we have to look at and confront when we
talk about hatred when we talk about the
rhetoric that is coming from our
administration all these types of things
there we as the people of faith have to
rise above it and take action you know
the reality is is that it takes us as a
people to recognize what is going on and
then we have to go to the polls next
week it's going to be a very critical
time for our country that we need to
send a message that this type of
behavior this type of situation that
happened in in Pittsburgh that happened
in Louisville is totally unacceptable
and we're gonna change and the way that
you change that is going to the polls
and so the remedy is rising above huh
Reverend James I wanted to ask you in
in the same vein for the president
trauma after the attack on the synagogue
in Pittsburgh said that perhaps armed
guards were needed at places of worship
he said similar things after the
Parkland shooting that uh that armed
guards or the arming of teachers he he
he suggested the possibility of the
arming of teachers what's your response
this idea that maybe houses of worship
should now have armed guards as a means
of protecting themselves I don't believe
that houses of faith our schools need to
have armed
you know that's not why we attend church
leader ten church to be able to connect
with our God and the BA would have
realized that our faith protects us and
even when challenges come against us we
know because of the word says no weapon
will form against this doesn't mean that
the weapon won't come but it means in
terms it won't prosper that it won't it
won't destroy the hope and the
resilience of the people in spite of
what challenges that we face that's why
in terms of having armed guards you have
to be secure and understand the Bible
teaches us too that we need to be wise
as serpents and gentle as a dove that
means you have to be alert and awake in
terms of things that could potentially
happen but you also have to have a heart
of compassion and love and forgiveness
and so when we recognize these types of
things we move forward with action and
faith and hope and knowing that these
things you know we'll have the
possibility of existing and we're
prepared in terms from a security
standpoint but not from the standpoint
of having an armed guard standing at the
door I think that is a to the extreme of
what we need in our country we need to
talk more about how do we live in peace
as opposed to living in fear and in
violence Attica Scott as a political
representative in Kentucky not so far
away or the races in Georgia and Florida
right now taking on extreme racial tones
you have the secretary of state of
Georgia Brian Kemp withholding 53,000
registration forms overwhelmingly
African American he is the Secretary of
State and he's running against Stacey
Abrams if she were to win she'd become
the first African American woman
governor in the country and then Andrew
Gilliam running for governor in Florida
the president just called him a
stone-cold thief
this followed a KKK back to her some
kind of white supremacist organization
backed robocall
and his opponent DeSantis telling voters
to not to monkey it up right after he
became the Democratic candidate your
thoughts in this
term election season and then what
happened this week from Kentucky to
Pittsburgh to the mail bombs that were
sent out my thoughts are that we better
not in Kentucky act like we were immune
from what we're seeing in Georgia in
Florida what we're hearing out of the
mouths of politicians in Georgia and
Florida because we hear some of the same
and very similar sentiments right here
in Kentucky we've seen the mailers that
have gone out calling people radicals
and trying to shame people and attack
people especially women who are running
for office here in Kentucky so we're not
immune and we're also not immune from
attacks on our right to vote I serve on
the committee in Frankfort that pays
attention to the elections into our
constitution and even this legislative
session we had Republican lawmakers
asking about how do we protect the vote
but it was coded language the way in
which it was asked about what we can do
future
wise and taking away the right to vote
so we better pay attention right here in
Kentucky to what's happening right
around us I also have to say that we
need to be mindful of the environment
that we create that allows hate to
thrive on Martin Luther King's weekend
this year
Louisville allowed a gun show to happen
here on that weekend and this past
weekend a gun show happened right here
in Louisville after the shootings at
Kroger and there were Christmas
ornaments that were being sold with Nazi
symbols and images on them we are
allowing that climate right here in
Louisville which is supposed to be a
so-called liberal or progressive City
and when we allow that we are no no
where near liberal or progressive we
also need to make sure that we are
passing policies that are designed to
keep guns out of people's hands that
should not have guns and that we are
very cautious about claiming that there
is a mental health disorder that
justifies hate and committing a hate
crime and that's too much of what I've
been hearing these past three days about
the shooter and having a diagnosed
mental health disorder that is no excuse
to kill to black people at a grocery
store and that is no excuse to try to
blake break into a black church to
commit crime and it's all connected
whether it's the mail bombs or
murders at the synagogue or whether it's
Miss Jones and mr. Staller being killed
at Kroger it's all connected it's all
part of a system that has been created
in this country over time and it's a
system that we all need to work to
dismantle you want to thank you both for
being with us democratic state
representative Atticus Scott of Kentucky
serving on the House Education Committee
2016 became the first African American
woman to serve in Kentucky state
legislature in 20 years in Reverend
Vincent James chief of community
building for the city of Louisville
pastor of the Elam Baptist Church this
is democracy now when we come back we'll
talk about far-right violence its
connection to guns white supremacist
groups in this country stay with us
you
