[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh we
continue our interview with Shane Bauer
award-winning senior reporter at Mother
Jones who's published his new book this
week that draws upon his experience
going undercover as a prison guard at
the wind' Correctional Center in
Louisiana run by the Corrections
Corporation of America
Shane first described what he saw in a
national magazine award-winning article
from other Jones this week he published
his new book that dives much deeper into
the history of making profit from
prisons in the United States starting
with convict labor in colonial era
settlements the book is titled
American prison a reporter's undercover
journey into the business of punishment
thank you for staying with us for part
two of our conversation and I just want
to step back for a minute you're
exploring American prisons here after
you are in prison not here but you were
imprisoned in Iran and there are many
people who remember maybe there are a
number of people who don't know who you
are but if you can explain what happened
because then I want to talk about why
when you're ultimately freed after more
than two years in prison a lot of that
time in solitary confinement you'd come
back and immediately go into the
prison's of the United States but talk
about that experience and how an
informed American prison so in 2009 I
was living in Damascus Syria I was
working as a reporter in the Middle East
and I took a trip to Iraqi Kurdistan
with Sarah Shourd and Josh Patel and
Shawn McPhee so and we these are your
friends your part yeah we were there for
a week we were there on a visit and
Iraqi Kurdistan at the time actually had
a kind of a tourist industry it was safe
and we were near a local tourist site at
waterfall and we went for a hike and
unknowingly came near the Iran Rock
border and were beckoned by some
soldiers who we thought were Iraqi
Kurdish soldiers but were actually
Iranian and we were arrested and that
led to over two years
in in prison in Iran's Avene prison I
was in a political ward held in solitary
confinement for much of the time and
just generally isolated from the world
you know outside when you have a charged
I was before shortly before we were
released we were brought to trial we
went through kind of a sham trial we
were you know told that we were the head
of an American Israeli conspiracy
against Tehran and things like that
charged with espionage and legal entry
incense to eight years but then a couple
months later we were released Sarah your
partner was held for over a year in
solitary confinement you were held with
Josh Fattal your friend but you were
held for more than two years in the
prison you ultimately got out of prison
democracy now you might say we're mildly
obsessed with your case and you would
also report it for us before as a
reporter when you were in Iraq and spoke
to your mothers who had fought so hard
to get you out the world's attention was
on you talk about when you were freed
your experience how long were you in
solitary confinement and how did it
affect you I was in solitary confinement
for four months I was for a while had
had nothing I was just in an empty cell
nothing to read and I would kind of hope
to be interrogated just have human
interaction it really showed me you know
kind of how social human beings are and
how much we require contact other people
I noticed my mind flowing kind of felt
almost animal-like where I was hardly
having thoughts anymore
and time was my enemy I mean it was
torturous and when I came back here I
got out when there was a huge hunger
strike happening in California that
where prisoners were protesting the use
of long term solitary confinement tens
of thousands of people were hunger
striking and having been you know in
solitary myself
and having gone in hunger strike in
prison I naturally was drawn to this and
followed it and when I eventually went
back to reporting I dug into this more
and found that we you know have 80,000
people in solitary confinement in the
United States California had more than a
thousand inmates who'd been in for over
10 years some as high as 40 years people
who had not even necessarily committed
violent crimes you say it's only natural
no what's only natural is to run as far
away from any prison as you possibly
could to deal with your own pain and
post-traumatic stress disorder but you
ran right back into yeah I mean I think
you know it's not uncommon for prisoners
who are released to kind of still be
engaged with prison in some ways it
helped me kind of make sense of you know
coming out of prison just by connecting
with people who were still inside even
though it was in another country and I
ended up you know kind of rather than
going back to the Middle East which is
where I had been working I was just kind
of pulled deeper and deeper into the
American prison system I mean we have
the largest prison system in the world
it's just vast and it's really
unprecedented in world history the the
scope of the prison system here so I
just kind of got really pulled into it
and that led me to doing this this
undercover investigation particularly
with private prisons because it was kind
of the one of the areas of our prison
system that was that was the least known
I mean it was very difficult to get
inside these prisons well can you talk
Shane because you are one of the few
people who has experiences both in the
American prison system obviously as an
observer and not an inmate and then also
in Iran and not just in Iran but in
every in prison which is a notorious
jail for political prisoners what were
the conditions there like versus what
you've seen yeah yeah I mean it's hard
to compare prisons but you
the prison I was in any run had a
political prison people there were
pro-democracy activists that were being
held there people were interrogated
sometimes tortured physically did you
get to meet any we were not allowed to
to interact other prisoners but you know
you find a way and you can kind of talk
to people in neighboring cells and
things like that so I when you were in
solitary could you hear other yeah
through the cell doors and things like
that what guards aren't around you know
we could could speak to each other a
little bit
did you speak Persia no no I didn't but
a lot of them spoke English hmm
you know it's a very controlled prison
you leave the cell you're blindfolded
you go when you go outside you're you
don't interact with other people and
other cells whereas here the prison I
was in in Louisiana it was much more
chaotic I would say and it was kind of
in some ways the opposite where evene
was highly controlled and the the prison
in Louisiana was just very bare-bones
there would be you know 24 or 25 guards
for 1,500 inmates
it was very violence and prisoners
rather than being isolated were held in
dorms of 44 inmates you know all
together in one place and how many
guards for 44 prisoners well a unit
would be about 350 prisoners so eight
eight of these dorms for a unit and on
the the floor the the guards who
actually interact the inmates on a
regular basis there would be two two
guys well there was this just this
massive just to go back to something you
said earlier we've just come out of this
massive hunger strike that prisoners
have carried out here you said you also
went on hunger strike when you were held
in Iran was that when you were in
solitary confinement yeah and what was
the response were there others also
other prisoners also hunger striking
well it was me and the two people that I
was in prison with managed to coordinate
with each other so we went on hunger
strike Josh and so yeah so we went a
hunger strike basically to demand that
we would be allowed to see each other
did you communicate with Sarah Josh you
had been living within the cell
but Sara a woman talked about how you
communicated well we we actually none of
us were together at that time we were
all isolated but we they would take us
to a kind of courtyard you know for a
small period a day one by one so we
would kind of leave hide notes out there
so the other person would go out and you
know so you had a pencil and paper yeah
sometimes they took the we didn't have
pen and paper but we had managed to you
know grab some from cards or something
like that left on the table or something
we didn't have books initially but
eventually we we were allowed books and
they would you know bring us some books
and they start a lot of our family sits
in this book you Chronicle what happened
to you in your first book that you wrote
with Josh and Sara called a sliver of
light three Americans imprisoned in Iran
I want to go now back to wynn where you
were undercover that you write about so
well in american prison the wind
correctional facility in louisiana and i
want to go to some clips that you got
there you come across a prisoner who's
lost his fingers and legs as you
described due to lack of proper medical
care gangrene mr. scott complained about
that for months to the medical staff at
when they gave him some the equivalent
of a couple of motrin and told him to go
away
he's now suing the prison
the people that are working there as
nurses and and I like they're really not
big qualified they're doctors they can
hire the doctors who are more or less
affordable I did some background
checking on them and one of them was a
pediatrician who had lost his privileges
to treat children occa the correction
Corporation of America said it quote
committees it's committed to ensuring
that all individuals entrusted to our
care have appropriate access to medical
services as needed right I mean it was a
common issue in the prison where people
would go to the infirmary asked for
medical care would be like like this
lawyers had given motrin and send back
their cells I saw a man who had
collapsed from from chest pain and had
this had happened to him several times
and he was repeatedly just sent back to
his bed rather than me and taken to a
hospital and you know the company would
kind of was was resistant taken in the
hospital because they would have to put
the bill with if they did well while you
were at when tensions grew high at that
facility this Mother Jones video another
one that you provided produced goes
inside during that turmoil the prison
has been locked down for about a week
CCA is sent in sort teams from its
prisons around the country to try to
bring win under control so our team is
like a wrecking crew you know they drew
Somali and black they don't only what
pass race and take names later they're
basically going throughout the entire
prison very thoroughly and methodically
tear the match is a tear of being so
whatever they need to do to find a
contraband strip searching inmate
searching toilet searching their lockers
people are getting angry they're lashing
out I thought that there was going to be
a riot in the you know that I work in
like refugees in him we not acting like
it I was excited how we've been treated
when God none they were supposed to get
canteen today which they haven't had for
three weeks they just kind of start
freaking out no they said no SEOs are
gonna come on the tear we're not doing
count
we're not cooperating we're gonna ride
it this is the incompetence that cause
in these probabilities need to run this
place in a professional manner and
drying for him
are so lazy where is it go and there are
solution to the problem you need a
brainiac somebody that could thank
somebody that could come in here with
the prison so Shane could you talk about
what was happening there and what the
result of this was yeah I mean the
prisoners were constantly complaining
and constantly frustrated that they
didn't have basic services and even
programs you know recreation time
educational programs these things were
being cut because the company was you
know cutting staff to save money and at
the same time they're the prison was
violent and a lot of the prisoners were
complaining about this you know why
aren't you guys kind of gaining control
of this prison
the guards were paid $9 an hour they the
morale was very low they tended to you
know just kind of come in and clock in
and clock out and wouldn't do the basic
duties they were meant to do they knew
they wouldn't be fired and it just
reached such a kind of peak that the
company locked the prison down for a
week so prisoners couldn't leave their
dorms they couldn't go to canteen they
brought in what they call this sort team
a Special Operations Response Team it's
kind of a SWAT like unit they brought it
in from other prisons to kind of crack
down in the prison rather than you know
providing the services that
people are asking for and after the
prisoners have been on lockdown for four
days in my unit they were threatening to
riot people are saying we need soap you
know we need to go to canteen and buy
these kind of basic supplies and there
had just been a riot in an immigrant
detention center
in Texas just before that which was on
TV and they were saying you know if you
don't give us these basic things that we
need we're gonna put this place on
television but Shane how were you
videoing I mean we're looking at you be
like interviewed in the prison I am
assume you're interviewing yourself but
you're now reading yes yeah I managed to
kind of sneak in a hidden camera that I
would use to record in the prison while
I was there mm-hmm let's turn to a
promotional video bike or Civic well
then Corrections Corporation of America
that touts prison privatization as a
cost-saving initiative
prisons and jails highly rated in the
stock market hos your ability to do with
less expense
because we have to earn a profit so talk
about that and then I mean the beauty of
your book American prison is you go
deeply into history in American history
the history of prisons the history of
slave labor and also the history of
torture and I'd like you to talk about
torture in American prisons but respond
first to this well I mean kind of the
the debate that people have now about
private prisons has been had many times
throughout American history and you when
you go back and read kind of old
newspapers you see you know op-eds and
things where people are saying you know
if we're running prisons at a profit the
company running these prisons or the
businessmen running these prisons are
going to be trying to you know cut
corners they're not going to be
prioritizing rehabilitation they're
gonna be prioritizing making money which
is exactly what's happening now and it's
happened many times throughout American
history give them a little less food
make a little more money yeah you know
and the the profit margins of these
companies is not high so it's
rehabilitation built into the system
that's yeah it's built into the system
that you know if if these prisons have
to turn to profits they they cannot be
run in a decent way and you know state
prisons are are also abysmal you know
and but even getting them to the level
of state prisons would would cut out the
whole purpose for them existing which is
you know to save a little bit of money
for the state and to make money for
themselves what do you know how this
compares the situation in the u.s. with
respect to this very large number of
private prisons to other countries where
there are also very large prison
populations I mean private prisons
aren't common around the world but there
are some countries that use them the UK
does South Africa does a little bit
Mexico does now and other Latin American
countries do and they're facing a lot of
the same problems that that we are here
I mean on the question of rehabilitation
I mean one of the main criticisms of
American prisons is that in fact it's a
punitive system and it's not at all one
in which can you talk about that yeah
and this is something that
just I saw going back into the history
you know the the very first penitentiary
is the whole penitentiary system was
created in this country the idea that
you know if somebody say it's convicted
of theft
rather than being pilloried they'd be
sentenced to a time in prison and the
idea was that they would be
rehabilitated you know have time to
reflect and then would go back to
society and and they would also be
rehabilitated through labor this is the
idea and there are a couple to three
decades into the existence of
Penitentiary's a lot of states were were
debating whether to abolish them a lot
of states were saying that it was a
failed experiment that people weren't
actually being rehabilitated that it was
actually leading to an increase of crime
because people were just kind of
learning you know from each other and
going back in society but what saved the
the prison system was that in New York
in the Auburn State Penitentiary captain
there decided to lease the labor of the
prisoners to private contractors and he
vowed to turn them into what he called
insulated working machine so he
instituted a regiment where prisoners
allowed not allowed to speak to each
other and whipping which had been banned
by the American Revolution was
reinstated in New York so they could
whip prisoners who were shirking work
and that prison started to actually turn
a profit so other states
what exactly was this sorry this was the
early 19th century so other states
replicated this model and would take out
loans and then build a prison and pay
back the loans through the use of prison
labor and then were were making money
and it got to the point where much later
after the Civil War
some states Alabama was making 10% of
its state revenue through leasing
prisoner prison labor and you talk about
whipping let's go back to this issue of
torture the history of torture in
prisons in the United States yeah I mean
it's just a it's a really brutal history
prisoners have been you know whipped
there were states that were would hang
prisoners from from their thumbs
there was a torture called watering
we're tube would be shoved down
someone's throat and they'd be pumped
with water made to feel like they're
dying because the their stomach was was
pressing against their heart and you
know they were they were tortured for
not making work quotas and if you go
back to the time of slavery you know
slavery was a more productive system
than free labor prisoner slaves were
were picking approximately 75 percent
more cotton per hour than free laborers
that's because they were driven by
torture by the whip so when slavery
ended you know people couldn't do that
with laborers anymore they couldn't wit
laborers anymore and drive them at those
at those paces but they could with
prisoners so torture continued to be
