welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman Congress is lurching
towards a government shutdown as
Republicans failed to reach agreement on
a bill that would keep federal agencies
funded past Friday much of the debate
centered around the fate of the more
than 700,000 so-called dreamers
immigrants who were brought to the US as
children many Democrats have said they
won't vote for a spending bill unless it
includes protections for the dreamers
while Republican leaders have instead
focused on a short-term bill that would
keep the government open for a month
this is White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders speaking
Wednesday the president certainly
doesn't want to shut down and if one
happens I think you only have one place
to look and that's to the Democrats who
are holding our military in our national
security hostage by trying to push
through other policies that have nothing
to do with the budget we would like to
again get a budget deal done a two-year
budget deal a clean budget deal and then
focus on negotiations following that
that deal with finding a permanent
solution to daca and responsible
immigration reform Sanders remarks came
as White House chief of staff General
John Kelly went to Congress and met with
the Congressional Hispanic Caucus
reportedly telling them Trump's harsh
anti-immigrant positions during the
campaign were uninformed the Washington
Post reports Kelley acknowledged to
lawmakers the US would never be able to
construct a wall along the entire
us-mexico border
this is Illinois Democratic Congress
member luis gutierrez speaking after
Wednesday's meeting with Kelly I would
have liked to have had a proposal that
we could consider to move forward and to
break the logjam that isn't what
happened today we reiterated time and
time again how deeply we feel about the
future of our dreamers and how that is a
non negotiating point for us there
either
in the proposal or there isn't a
proposal Kelly also reportedly said the
president's committed to a permanent
solution to daca the deferred action for
childhood arrivals
Grahame but the president has struck a
different tone on Twitter this morning
Trump wrote quote the wall is the wall
it's never changed or evolved from the
day I conceived of it the migrants
support group No More Deaths as u.s.
Border Patrol agents routinely vandalize
or confiscate humanitarian aid left by
activists near the US border with Mexico
condemning border crossers to die of
exposure or dehydration in the harsh
Sonora Desert in a report released
Wednesday the group found that between
2012 and 2016 Border Patrol agents
emptied nearly 4,000 gallons of water
left for migrants in the desert while
confiscating food emergency medical
blankets and other aid no more deaths
also says Border Patrol agents
frequently target the groups volunteer
activists in Detroit Michigan officials
with ice have deported longtime resident
and immigrants rights activist Jorge
Garcia video filmed by the immigrant
rights group Michigan United shows Jorge
Garcia sobbing as he hugs his wife Cindy
and two children during an emotional
goodbye on Monday as Garcia prepared to
board flight to Mexico supporters of the
Garcia family silently look on holding
signs reading stop separating families
Jorge Garcia was brought to the US as a
ten year old child
in 1981 making him too old to qualify
for a deferment under daca federal
immigration officials agreed Wednesday
to move immigrants rights activist Ravi
robbed beer to a New York immigration
jail from the chrome Detention Center in
Florida where he's been held since he
was detained last week following his
check in with ice in Manhattan Ravi
robbed beer is executive director of the
new sanctuary coalition of New York City
his detention sparked a peaceful protest
last week that saw police violently
arrest 18 people including two members
of the New York City Council community
members continue to call for ravi rob
beers release to see our whole interview
about his case with his wife
immigrants rights attorney Amy Gottlieb
yesterday you can go to democracynow.org
in Youngstown Ohio a
palestinian-american immigrants rights
activist is on hunger strike after he
was detained by ice and told he would be
deported
I'm Rothman Adi was arrested Tuesday at
his ice check-in even though the agency
granted him a last-minute stay 10 days
prior when Congress member Tim Ryan
intervened on his behalf at his case
centers around a dispute about the
validity of his first marriage to an
American citizen in 1979 since
Palestinians remain stateless adi faces
possible deportation to jordan he's a
longtime activist who successfully
fought deportations for some two decades
on capitol hill Arizona Republican
Senator Jeff Flake warned yesterday
President Trump's attacks on the media
are threatening American democracy
speaking from the Senate floor Wednesday
flake blasted Trump's declaration in
2017 that the US media are the enemy of
the people mr. president it is a
testament to the condition of our
democracy that our own president uses
words infamously spoken by Joseph Stalin
to describe his enemies it bears noting
that so fraught with malice was the
phrase enemy of the people that even
Nikita Khrushchev forbade its use
telling the Soviet Communist Party that
the phrase had been introduced by Stalin
for the purpose of quote annihilating
such individuals unquote who disagreed
with the supreme leader this alone
should be the source of great shame for
us in this body especially for those of
us in the president's party for they are
shameful repulsive statements on Capitol
Hill Democrats are preparing a bill that
would formally censured Donald Trump
over racist comments in which the
president reportedly called African
nations El Salvador and Haiti s whole
countries but said the four-letter word
the effort is being led by New York
Congress member Jerrold Nadler and
Congress member Cedric Richmond chair of
the Congressional Black Caucus
comes as several Democratic lawmakers
have announced they'll skip the State of
the Union address January 30th over
Trump's racist remarks among them are
Congress member Earl bloom an hour of
Oregon Frederica Wilson of Florida
famila jayapal of Washington Maxine
Waters of Los Angeles and John Lewis of
Atlanta Georgia in the Israeli occupied
West Bank Israeli forces say they shot
and killed a young Palestinian man
overnight in the town of Janeane after a
firefight that left another Palestinian
injured along with two Israeli soldiers
the man was identified as a major our
Hamas fighter and son of a Palestinian
man killed by Israel in 2002 Gerard
family said today he escaped and that
two other Palestinians were killed in
the attack meanwhile the head of the
United Nations agency for Palestinian
refugees known as Unruh made an urgent
appeal for funds Wednesday after the
Trump administration canceled 65 million
dollars in annual contributions to the
agency in Gaza residents say they could
soon starve unless international donor
step up to fill the funding gap left by
President Trump Liam we will be lost it
will be a catastrophe people will be
stealing from each other we will live in
a catastrophe he will suffer to provide
food and wheat people will kill each
other what should I do
should I go sell one of my kids or sell
my kidney what should I do
should I go and steal or work as a spy
I need cooking oil yogurt eggs and bread
in Cairo Egypt the Arab League met
Wednesday for a two-day conference where
leaders condemned the Trump
administration for cutting funding to
Unruh and for recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital meanwhile an Israeli
military judge has ordered a 16 year old
Palestinian girl to remain jailed while
she awaits trial on 12 charges including
assaulting a soldier and incitement to
violence
I had to Mimi was arrested in December
after viral video showed her slapping a
soldier near her home in the occupied
West Bank the incident came just after
- Mimi learned her 15 year old cousin
Mohammed - Mimi had been shot in the
head by an Israeli soldier with a rubber
coated steel bullet at close range the
shooting shattered the boy's skull and
jaw bone forcing doctors to put him into
a medically induced coma and leaving him
permanently disfigured after extensive
surgeries on Wednesday defense lawyer
Gaby Lasky said Israel's military had
determined that I had - Mimi was too
dangerous to be released by the defense
regarding the fact that there are two
different sets of laws in the occupied
territories depending if you're Israeli
or Palestinian and the fact that the
convention of the rights of the child
should be applied in the occupied
territories as well in Russia the office
of a human rights group in the North
Caucasus region of anguish ekia were
burned in an arson attack on Wednesday
surveillance video shows masked men
climbing a ladder and setting fire to
the offices of the group Memorial which
is angered Russian officials by
reporting on torture disappearances and
punitive house burnings in neighboring
Chechnya the arson came as a chord in
Chechnya ordered the head of memorial to
be jailed for two months while he faces
drug charges that could see him in
prison for up to ten years oh yeah Titov
says police planted marijuana in his car
in order to manufacture his arrest
titovs predecessor Natalia steamer OVA
was kidnapped and murdered in 2009 a
crime for which no one has been arrested
in Ethiopia authorities released a
senior opposition leader from the Oromo
community Wednesday fulfilling part of
its pledge to release political
prisoners
dr. moreira godina was jailed in 2015
after speaking to the European
Parliament in Brussels about human
rights abuses against the Oromo people
this is Bettina addressing a large crowd
of supporters outside the prison in
addis ababa where he just been released
sunday news again yes there as far as we
can as far as we know
let's continue our people struggle
through all the peaceful and legal means
available and we demand the government
free the remaining political prisoners
so that they can also be free like us
since 2015 the Oromo have staged massive
nationwide protests against the
Ethiopian government the protests were
initially sparked by the government's
plan to Lisa forest to private
developers Ethiopian forces have
responded with a brutal crackdown
against the Oromo protesters killing
hundreds of people in Nigeria a suicide
bomb attack struck a crowded market in
the northeastern city of Maiduguri on
Wednesday killing at least twelve people
and leaving dozens of others injured
authorities said as many as four female
suicide bombers were involved in the
attack previous similar attacks have
been blamed on Boko Haram which is known
for kidnapping women and girls and
forcing some of them to carry out
attacks North and South Korea Wednesday
said that athletes from the two
countries will march together under a
single unified flag at the opening of
next month's Winter Olympics in
Pyeongchang South Korea the two
countries also said women's ice hockey
players would compete together on a
single Korean team the thaw in relations
came as President Donald Trump blamed
Russia for helping North Korea skirt
international sanctions telling Reuters
in a wide-ranging interview that he was
ordering more defensive and offensive
missiles to be deployed to the region in
South Asia authorities in Burma in
Bangladesh say they've agreed to a plan
that would see some 650,000 grow hing
the Muslim refugees repatriated to Burma
over the next two years since last
August vigilante is backed by Burmese
soldiers have staged attacks on Roja
unleashing rape and murder while burning
hundreds of villages to the ground and
what the UN High Commissioner for Human
Rights is called a textbook example of
ethnic cleansing at a sprawling refugee
camp and Cox's Bazar Bangladesh on
Wednesday many residents said they'll
only return to Burma if they receive
justice for crimes committed against
their community
they must give us compensation for those
Muslims they killed for looting and
destroying our fields in cattle they
must return our houses and if they show
justice to us then we can go back we
Muslims all are ready to go back to that
country but they must give us our own
Inca rights back in the United States a
former photographer with the Department
of Energy is seeking whistleblower
protection saying he was fired for
documenting collusion between the Trump
administration and a coal company
executive Simon Adelman says he was
fired after he leaked photographs of a
march 29th meeting between Energy
Secretary Rick Perry and coal magnate
Robert Murray showing the two embracing
at a meeting at the Department of Energy
headquarters in Washington DC Maria said
he played no role in drafting a
Department of Energy rules subsidizing
coal and nuclear power plants but a
photo clearly shows a letter drafted by
Murray and addressed Energy Secretary
Rick Perry touting an action plan
medical expert said Wednesday results
from Donald Trump's recent physical
exams show the president has high levels
of cholesterol and is at serious risk of
a heart attack the assessment came a day
after White House dr. Ronnie Jackson
declared Trump to be an excellent mental
and physical health asked by the New
York Times whether President Trump is in
perfect health Stanford University
cardiologist dr. David Maron replied God
know and Woody Allen's adopted daughter
Dylan Farrow
is speaking out saying she's heard an
angry that her claims of childhood
sexual assault by Allen have been
disbelieved for years Pharaoh says Allen
molested her in 1992 when she was just
seven years old this is Dylan Farrow
speaking with host Gayle King of CBS
this morning
someone said this to me she wants to
bring Woody Allen down she's caught up
in the me - times up movement and this
is really what she's trying to do is
bring him down why shouldn't I want to
bring him down why shouldn't I be angry
why shouldn't I be hurt
why shouldn't I feel some sort of
[Applause]
outrage that after all these years being
ignored and disbelieved and tossed aside
Dylan Pharaoh's appearance on CBS came a
week after actor Myra Savino publicly
apologized to Dylan Farrow in an open
letter saying she will never work with
Woody Allen again and regrets her past
rules she joins a growing list of actors
and actresses who've appeared in Woody
Allen's films who are now publicly
supporting Pharoah including Greta
Gerwig Rebecca Hall and Timothy
chellamma in a statement Woody Allen
denied the allegations writing quote
even though the Farrow family is
cynically using the opportunity afforded
by The Times up movement to repeat this
discredited allegation that doesn't make
it any more true today than it was in
the past I never molested my daughter
Woody Allen said Dylan Farrow is the
sister of Ronan Farrow who is the
journalist who helped to bring down
Harvey Weinstein and those are some of
the headlines this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm their
meanshe welcome to our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
