this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
where the young woman described as the
Rosa Parks of Palestine 17-year old I
had to me me last year I became a hero
to Palestinians after a video went viral
showing her slapping a heavily armed
Israeli soldier near her family's home
in the occupied West Bank the incident
came just after I had learned her cousin
had been gravely wounded by the Israeli
soldier who shot him in the head using a
rubber coated steel but a bullet video
of I had confronting the soldier went
viral elevating her into a symbol of
Palestinian resistance
I had to me me was soon arrested in the
middle of the night charged with assault
on an Israeli military court she was
sentenced to eight months in Israeli
prison she turned 17 year there she
celebrated her 17th birthday behind bars
her mother was also arrested in charge
for incitement in part for streaming
video online showing the interaction
between a head and the Israeli soldier
both a head and her mother nerimon were
released in late July last week soon
after she was released to mock Rene's
Democracy Now sneer means shake and I
spoke without her to me me from her home
in the West Bank village of non visa la
I had welcome to Democracy Now how does
it feel to be free from jail I've
answered hello clear away any for her
with Monaco it's an extremely wonderful
feeling
I hope all prisoners men and women live
to experience this joy of course my joy
is incomplete because my brothers and
sisters remain in prison and I hope that
they are liberated and feel the
happiness that I feel today can you talk
about the day you were released can you
talk about that Sunday where the Israeli
military took you and your mother
Dobin declare tell Allah
this season I was released from prison
at five-thirty Island history good and
they took me to auntie's but they told
my parents that I would be released at
the Gemara checkpoint
it's about an hour between antiques and
Giotto has Isabella so the lulav a few
coulomb they kept playing with my
parents telling them here than there
than there they made my parents go
everywhere at the end they ended up
dropping us off at the Gateway to the
village
can you explain I've had what actually
led to your arrest
the vision day come on Kennedy accused
me of hitting a soldier I had 12 charges
brought up against me but the main one
it was the charge of hitting a soldier
in front of the door of my house in
makan Salafi no Vespa dad robust and
weak bus my goal wasn't a hit him I
didn't intend to hit him he had shot my
cousin in the head and my cousin was
going to die because of the injury so
luke and i hastened to dip up a little
bit into the soldier at the front of my
house was shooting at children and young
men in the street I'm not the one that
went to him he's the one that was at the
front of my door we said no to can you
talk about Mohammed you're well 15 year
old cousin and explained what the
Israeli soldier did to him what does it
mean to be shot at close range by a
rubber coated steel bullet can be was on
a hill and Israeli soldiers came up and
shot him and the bullet went through his
head went through here the gunman was
lodged here at about 10 feet huh dr.
Elahi attack any it was a lethal injury
and there's a chance he would die the
surgery took a very long time it took a
long time for him to begin to walk again
and to stand up straight and everything
look good I said Anna can you tell us
I've had what happened after you were
arrested
where were you taken a hardener lemarcus
they took me to an interrogation centre
and then from there they took me to
prison you've said that there were
several violations during your
interrogation what were those violations
the ban how could the interrogation was
inappropriate because there was verbal
harassment the interrogator would tell
me your hair is pretty your eyes are
pretty there were no female soldiers
with me my parents weren't allowed to be
with me nor my lawyer they threatened me
with my family by saying if you don't
confess we're going to detain your
entire family myself this another hot
girl anything what kind of other
questions did they ask you in that
interrogation and where they're women
present family your lawyer LOM against
fear my head oh no there was no one with
you they asked me why I hit the soldier
there are a lot of questions the
interrogator asked me during the
interrogation he did I said it's on the
books exactly what did you tell them
when they asked you why you slapped the
israeli soldier and the entire time
during the interrogation i used my right
to remain silent and did not confess
anything how long did that interrogation
that one-sided interrogation take and
gentleman there were several
interrogations there were actually four
separate interrogations each one was
different
one was four hours another five or say
as he said sad and you were always alone
never with a lawyer or family hello and
I'm looking I never it was always just
me alone with the interrogators with the
male interrogators yes they were male
interrogators can you talk then about
your trial the rongkhun they used to
take me to court Marriott acclaim and
they kept discussing the case and
interrogating me until I was sentenced
to eight months the man
dollar next we'll cut the vehicle ahead
man hey Gavin thermosphere and I had
what were the conditions like in the
jail where you were held
were there other children there the bank
and nannies the person was very very
difficult there were 29 other female
prisoners with me the numbers would go
up and down depending on the situation
is it Luke and Savannah Iowa the
conditions for female prisoners and male
prisoners is difficult the rooms are
very very small there are no air vents
there was medical neglect and prevention
of education they attempted to prevent
us from getting educated but prisoners
are always strong persistent and state
violence and in theft thean and who were
the other used the 29 other prisoners
and you said that it the composition of
the prisoners change were they all women
were they children the bank and can
fiance who can fee there were women and
there were children there was one woman
who had been detained under
administrative detention
daddy can see a serum myself
administrative detention means the
detention is based on undisclosed files
the detainee doesn't know why they're
detained Coonan administrative detainees
only attend administrative courts and
their sentence is always extended at
first it might be six months it will be
renewed another time for Formica mr.
Smith Allah daddy sobbing daddy be cool
fat arrived dad and I'll tell you your
administrative detention is six months I
said that but then after six months
they'll tell you they've extended
another four after four months I tell
you another six or the tests velocity
sword I said teacher Bakura Donnell
caminar ba but
it's like the prisoner may God rest his
soul Holi Jamal I've spent seven
consecutive years under administrative
detention cut the Sabbath nimah
Tattaglia manila holiday daddy
typography that means there are over 350
children in prison and three children
who are under administrative detention
the conditions children and Durand
prison are very difficult prison isn't
for anyone and the prison administration
puts a lot of pressure on them so it's
very difficult I hope for the release of
all prisoners and especially children as
soon as possible at fall with that but I
walk I had following criticism
widespread criticism Israel instituted a
separate military court for minors for
children in 2009 what if anything has
changed since then nothing's changed
there are children who are an Israeli
detention for over ten years
children sentenced to 13 years children
sentenced to 14 years the court just
changed its name to a Children's Court
the judge is still a zionist judge the
court is still a zionist court it's
still a racist court so nothing has
really changed in your village Nabi
Saleh if you could talk specifically
about the situation with Israeli
settlements in the area children in Nabi
Saleh are reportedly taught how to deal
with Israeli soldiers if they come to
detain them the ban fear you've got is a
number Salah hair missed out on a
in Stoughton tell me Nabi Saleh there's
a settlement the settlement of halloumi
Sh
which has taken over the Nabi Saleh
water spring it rarely gives the village
of w sahla adequate water KF yeah come
on could eat another Sol ahem clearly
yeah yeah the care they them and almost
everyone in Nabi Saleh has been detained
or shot at or harassed by Israeli
soldiers we have more than one martyr in
the last decade or so there's been a lot
of resistance within Nabi Saleh and we
lost four murders listen in Potomac aa
BL Kharitonov Ursula
Serena are by the numerous Tamiya stuff
at Tamimi and they are thirsty time you
need
Mostafa Tommy me as a Dean tammini and
there is a young man who died in Nabi
Saleh whose name is Sabina dollar with
Lismore Sabah and Allah bed
ane in a curried Nabi Saleh Nabi Saleh
has a point of a lot of resistance we
always say our problem isn't with the
settlement it's with the entire
occupation we can deal with the
settlement but we want the occupation to
end
mr. Donavan elected elko Lucille I had
to Mimi
when you were in jail another one of
your relatives 20 year old is a Dean -
Mimi was killed in June after being shot
in the back by an Israeli soldier the
Israeli human rights group B'Tselem
said his killing was illegal and
unjustified can you talk about what
happened and what you understood when
you were in prison
Saban they can the shutters didn't even
bear but the martyrdom of azzedine
Tamimi
while I was in prison with something
very difficult for me it was very very
difficult I don't know how to describe
the feeling to know someone from your
family while you're in prison and you
don't know what's happened there's a lot
of anxiety it's a difficult thing though
what rouille said can you tell us who is
it Dean was
as Daniel Malusi malucia Pasadena is a
very calm good person yeah I think he
was in the street I wasn't there but
they told me he was in the street yes
but what kind can I said I'm a Contessa
because sekolah how kulhanek and I said
he's being pursued after being detained
a year ago so they came to detain him
and he ran away
so they shot him in his neck they let
him bleed on the ground until he lost
all his blood and I do Ian's fa la la de
da Circle de mostest hot during the time
that you were in prison during this last
eight months
there was a major uprising in Gaza the
nonviolent great march of return that
started March 30th the Israeli military
killed at this point I believe it's more
than 140 Palestinians injuring something
like 13 14 thousand people there can you
talk about what your knowledge of what's
happening in Gaza is and what it meant
to you in jail and to Palestinians on
the West Bank
Maserati Loudon I'm talking now okay
Teddy from knock-back and
the great return marches were launched
from the time of the next and continued
until today
and the reality is that the people of
Gaza are still continuing these marches
we hope that everyone even here in the
West Bank and those outside be part of
the return marches just like the ones in
Gaza because they're enormous Mozilla
feel as in couldn't it's not just Gaza
that has refugees but there are
Palestinian refugees everywhere and they
should return to their land to their
country and labelled Adam our Lord on
own i heard i want to turn to a video of
you in december 2012 when you confronted
an Israeli soldier demanding to know
what happened to your brother who just
been arrested I believe you were only 11
years old at the time
I'm jamming more about Donohue my
brother was 15 years old and so I went
and I asked them I demanded to know
where did you take my brother he's 15
years old what can he do to you but they
didn't respond to me I got angry and
frustrated and began to yell at also
Sarah Holly only well in three years
later a video went viral that showed you
biting an Israeli soldier who was
holding your brother and this is when
they were going to detain my brother who
is 12 years old he was trying to detain
him so I tried to take my brother back
from the hands of the soldier what many
people have had have remarked on your
courage in undertaking such protests at
such a young age where do you get such
bravery from all Palestinians have
courage it's different from one person
to another but I grew up in a family
where I got used to seeing prisoners the
injured and martyrs and how it's behind
a sofa I see it was Ali Shaheed and it
reached a level where we were just
saying enough enough with the occupation
so I decided to break the barrier of
fear so I can continue defending my land
hope I came and I saw another fan out of
there I want to read from an article in
The Guardian it said quote a head is a
member of the second generation of
Palestinians to grow up under occupation
her father bossom was born in 1967 the
year Israel seized the West Bank East
Jerusalem Gaza and the Golan Heights in
the six-day war he and his children have
known only a life of checkpoints
identity papers detentions house
demolitions in
datian humiliation and violence this is
their normality
The Guardian writes can you speak in
your own words about what life is like
growing up under occupation yeah not
really
imagine going to your school and finding
a checkpoint
so you're prevented from going to school
because of this checkpoint or from going
to your university or work or imagined
that every day the military enters your
town and keeps firing gas and bullets
and you're constantly afraid that
someone will be killed or that they'll
detain someone there's a constant fear
that you'll lose someone in your family
the occupation is extremely difficult to
look at the settler who is on your land
while you're barred from it it's really
so difficult I heard you've been hailed
as the icon of Palestine following this
latest protest of yours your response to
that and where you see yourself in the
struggle for Palestine Habana Nam
Korriban I'm very proud that I can be a
symbol of the Palestinian cause I hope
that I can live up to this title and
that I'm able to spread the message of
the Palestinian people and the men and
women in prison to the whole world
Khalil Elam what would you like to see
happen but manna no Philistine Tutera
but I hope for the Liberation of
Palestine at the end of the occupation
for us to be able to go anywhere we want
and anytime we want without anyone
preventing us from doing so the classes
you took you finished high school in an
Israeli prison what are the classes you
took who taught you what kind of
discussions did you have behind the bars
Canada that is kandace no we were taught
by the prisoner holidays arrived and we
would learn mathematics
English history geography science a loom
can be used to take international law
classes as well we took a lot of these
different like a man and an organizer
and did you discuss your own
imprisonment as a child and discuss the
issues of international law and
occupation a banker named Arthur Conan
Doyle II and holidays are are used to
teach us about the international law and
about all the different conventions
within it we would go through all the
violations that happen to us yeah
non-supe da da da how soon that gets our
atmanah and him in hell I didn't have a
female soldier with me during my
interrogations and according to the
convention they were supposed to be a
female soldier with me during the
interrogation so we would always tie
these things together
well good honorable Tyson let about them
and I heard you plan to become a lawyer
explain why you want to study the law I
said not so that I can use the law to
defend the Palestinian cause for
liberation and your brother is a student
at verse 8 university nearby
your village in the West Bank do you
plan to go to a Palestinian University
or will you go to college outside listen
I've got a Rowan but I haven't yet
decided where I want to study I haven't
decided and I'm still not sure this is
your brother at the University now or in
prison who has my brother is currently
in prison he was detained while I was in
one of Sudan would you consider studying
in the United States known as some sad
firms I'm still not sure I still haven't
thought about it at all I've just got
out of prison I just haven't had time to
really sit and think about what I want
exactly goodness Suba divits up and I
heard what is your message to the United
States what would you like people in the
u.s. to know Buskirk all had Adam
of my roulette I think everyone who
supported me and stood with me in the
United States
I urge all the people all the
populations everywhere to pressure on
their governments to support the
Palestinian cause less than me you have
made a distinction of had between Jews
and Zionism can you explain the
difference the van table Intifada
vanilli there's a huge difference
between Judaism and Zionism and Judaism
is a religion you know it's just like
Islam it's just like Christianity but
Zionism
that's the occupation that's the killing
that's what closes checkpoints that's
what detains innocent people that's all
scientism what's causing this conflict
with palestine caramel glaze so the last
man Philistine and what did it mean to
you when you were in jail the
International Solidarity both in the
West Bank and Gaza within Israel and
around the world
the bunkin it should be it was something
that kept my spirits up of course I hope
that strong solidarity continues to
extend to all the rest of the prisoners
men and women who remain in prison your
mother was in prison for as long as you
were nearly and she was released with
you did you see her in prison and can
you explain why she was imprisoned my
kids I used to see her from 10:30 in the
morning to one o'clock and from 2:30 to
5:00
we were not in the same room of course
but we were in the same section I was
good enough citizen and why she was in
jail and she was detained because I'm
not sure they accused her of I'm not
sure sad Felisa nothing because she came
to me during the interrogation it's
unclear to me why they detained my mom I
