is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman in
a potential major setback for president
Trump a federal judge has rejected
efforts from the president to be given
first access to documents seized by the
FBI last week during raids on the
properties of trumps personal attorney
Michael Cohen who's being investigated
for possible bank and wire fraud
Monday's court hearing pitted the
president against his own Justice
Department assistant US attorney Thomas
McKay urged the judge to reject the
President's request mckay said quote
just because he has a powerful client
doesn't mean he should get special
treatment the FBI seized 10 boxes of
documents and as many as a dozen
electronic devices from michael cohen
according to press accounts the Trump
administration now views the probe into
Cohen as a more serious threat to the
president than Special Counsel Robert
Muller's investigation Monday's
courtroom hearing was filled with
surprises
Michael Cohen's attorneys were forced to
reveal Fox News host sean hannity
was also one of Cohen's three legal
clients the other one being the
president just last week hannity slammed
the FBI for raiding Cohen's office and
home but he never disclosed his ties to
Cohen on Monday hannity acknowledged
having brief legal discussions with
cohen but said Cohen had never
represented him in any manner in any
matter Michael Cohen's third legal
client is Republican donor Elliot bode
who recently resigned as deputy finance
chair of the Republican National
Committee over ablations he paid 1.6
million dollars to a former Playboy
model to keep quiet about their affair
which resulted in her having an abortion
meanwhile in another surprise on Monday
adult film star Stephanie Clifford also
known as stormy Daniels attended Cohen's
hearing Cohen paid her one hundred
thirty thousand dollars to keep quiet
after her affair with Donald Trump these
developments all calm this former FBI
director james comey 'he's new book a
higher loyalty hits bookstores today
less than a year after he was fired
by Donald Trump joining us in Grand
Rapids Michigan is Marcy wheeler
independent journalist who covers
national security and civil liberties
she runs the website empty wheel net so
Marcy you were watching this from afar
it wasn't just down the road from
Democracy Now but talk about the
significance of what happened in judge
Kimbell woods courtroom yesterday
what Cohen is is asking for and Trump
joined the argument on Friday what
they're asking for or what they were
trying to ask for was first dibs on all
of the materials that were seized from
Cohen's office so that they could treat
it as if it were a subpoena when you get
a subpoena you go through your own
documents your own files and say this is
is responsive to your request and then
if you're a lawyer or a couple of other
things you can say it's responsive to
your requests but it is privileged and
therefore I'm gonna tell you about it
and we're gonna argue about whether it's
really privileged that's what they were
trying to do the prosecutors in that
case have said look here are the here
are the reasons why
Cohen can't be trusted because he hasn't
cooperated for example with Robert
Miller's investigation because he's
being investigated for lying and fraud
there's some hint that some documents
may already have been destroyed although
that's not Cohen per se and so you can't
allow him to do it and more importantly
the prosecutors were arguing look you
know you're guessing right also in some
cases because there was a lot that was
redacted right there there is a redacted
passage that suggests there is the
concern that somebody might destroy
documents there's no implication at all
that it's Cohen but in this case they
raised it in or in what is now it you
can't read it but they raised it in what
is now a redacted sacra section and
remember that the Trump Organization is
also involved in this they've refused to
hand over documents pertaining to Cohen
and argued in this matter that anything
involving him should be treated as
privileged even though he was largely
more of a spokesperson for them than
necessarily a lawyer in recent year
so that's the background and and the
prosecutors basically said look you know
when we we do sometimes rate lawyers
offices Cohen doesn't do much lawyering
which is how we learned about Hannity
but even when he does we do it we we
have what are called tank teams and
they're their prosecutors who are not
involved in the case at all and they go
through the materials first before
anyone involved in the case and and
figure out whether there is anything
privileged and if there is something
privileged then they have the discussion
about what to do with it and and the
judge in this case is like look you know
I I've worked with the the Southern
District of New York prosecutors they
have high integrity and I trust them and
so she's either going to appoint what's
called a special master a third party to
go through some of the files or she's
gonna let it happen as it normally does
which is that a tane team goes through
the files so let's talk about what was
revealed this major surprise yesterday
that he was a lawyer for three people it
was revealed about broidy major RNC
donor Republican donor who who Cohen
facilitated the payment of 1.6 million
dollars to you know the very well-known
anti-choice party of this country the
Republican Party to silence or gave to a
woman he had had an affair with who had
an abortion but the third person that he
has been a lawyer for was revealed in
court and just talk about the drama of
this moment whether his name would be
revealed so the entire purpose behind
naming clients is that Cohen is arguing
thousands maybe millions of pages taken
are privileged and the prosecutors as I
said basically argued most of what we're
investigating has to do with your
businesses nothing having to do with
your lawyers but you're really not
serving as a lawyer in any case and so
Cohen was then in a position where he
had to argue that he was doing
significant amounts of lawyer
importantly this sets up the materials
that he'll be able to or will try to
withhold from the investigative
prosecutors and so on Sunday he
submitted a filing that said okay my
clients are Donald Trump Eliot Brady as
you said he's a he's a Republican
fundraiser and the third client does not
want his name revealed now it's funny
because Hannity has sort of said well I
didn't really care but the judge then to
test his claim that he did a lot of
luring said well actually there's no
reason you can hide the clients name and
there was a back-and-forth and the
Cohens lawyer was like well do you want
me to hand you a piece of paper and we
were gonna be you know was gonna look
like it was gonna look like The
Apprentice or something when you found
out the winner on TV and so yeah so he
said you know the name of the person
that this is involved I'm not quoting
this exactly the name of the person that
is involved is Sean Hannity and everyone
watched and just because no one expected
that people thought it was maybe Don
junior in another hush-money case but no
it was Sean Hannity and as you said Sean
Hannity spent much of last week arguing
that the raid on Cohen's office was
unreasonable he's been really key to
push back on the Russia story so that it
was Sean Hannity was a surprise but also
raises questions about why Cohen is
preparing to claim that his
conversations with Hannity were
privileged so there are a number of
issues I remember last year in a
Democracy Now headline in April just a
year ago
Kennedy facing accusations of unwanted
sexual advances that the woman did not
say it was sexual harassment former Fox
News guest Debbie Schlussel accusing
Hannity of inviting her back to his
hotel room and that she rejected his
advances at me she said I kind of knew I
wouldn't be back on his show
while schlissel says she doesn't think
the incident qualifies the sexual
harassment she says she thought Hannity
was weird and creepy but I want to turn
to you know the significance
can part of this which was that he has
been railing against all of the raids on
Michael colony and it's a major Trump
supporter so let's turn to Sean Hannity
speaking just last night on Fox News let
me set the record straight here's the
truth Michael Cole never represented me
in any legal matter
I never retained his services I never
received it in voice I never paid
Michael cone for legal fees I did have
occasional brief conversations with
Michael Kohn he's a great attorney about
legal questions I had or I was looking
for input and perspective my discussions
with Michael Kohn never rose to any
level that I needed to tell anyone that
I was asking him questions and to be
absolutely clear they never involved any
matter Andy sorry to disappoint so many
matter between me or third party third
groups all and our my question is
exclusively almost focused on real
estate and this is Sean Hannity speaking
the day of the FBI raid on Michael
Cohen's house April 9th president
Trump's longtime personal attorney
Michael Kohn just had his office his
home and his hotel that he was staying
and raided by the FBI today in an early
morning raid and what that means his
mother's witch-hunt investigation is now
a runaway train that is clearly
careening off the tracks
keep in mind Cole was never part of the
Trump administration or the Trump
campaign this is now officially an
all-hands-on-deck effort to totally
malign and if possible impeach the
President of the United States
now Muller and Rosenstein have declared
what is a legal war and the president so
I mean that is typical Sean Hannity the
problem was he wasn't revealing his
relationship with Michael Cohen Marcy
wheeler right
in retrospect we're left wondering
whether he was worried about himself or
whether he was worried about whether he
was as you said doing what he always
does which is be the cheat the primary
cheerleader for Donald Trump and the
primary person kind of roiling
antagonism about this investigation and
it's not even I mean so so as we speak
there's a big question about how Fox is
gonna deal with the fact that Hannity
did not disclose that Cohen is that he
had whether he had gotten legal I mean
we're in this position now where Hannity
is trying to walk back any claim that he
got legal advice from Cohen so that he's
not in trouble with Fox
but that's putting Cohen in an even
weaker position because a it makes it
look like he lied to the judge and be
anything that Cohen is going to try and
protect Hannity has just gone and told
the world isn't isn't attorney-client
privilege so Hannity is in a weird spot
right now and Fox has its own issues
again the significance of both in his
tweets and during his radio show in
television there was no third party
involved in any of the discussions with
Cohen what is he saying here well I
think he's trying to beat down any hint
that his that he went to Cohen for a
hush payment right so Elliot Brady went
to Cohen for a hush payment one of
Donald's one of the things that the FBI
is investigating is Donald Trump's hush
payment to stormy Daniels so the natural
conclusion that people might draw from
yesterday's conversations is that it
consisted of hush payment now Hannity
says it almost exclusively consists of
real estate in in this crowd and the New
York crowd real estate can be code for a
lot of things I mean a lot of people
launder money through trumps because
trumps condos right but I think what is
really interesting is the stuff that is
outside of that almost exclusively just
because Hannity has been in such a key
role at pushing back against the Russian
investigation he's the one who drummed
up the conspiracy theory theory about
Seth rich for example and it will be
very interesting to see if he had any
conversations with Cohen about that
because Cohen's role for Trump is a
fixer more than it is a lawyer and to
what degree has he had conversate
with Hannity to arrange the coverage
that Hannity has been been doing that
really are served to under undermine the
Russia investigation and explain judge
would appointing a special master to
look at the material very interesting a
time a special master is used often in a
case with a lawyer to look at whether
you know there is attorney-client
privileged information that shouldn't be
looked at used in the past with Lynn
Stewart who was an attorney who was
convicted of putting out a press release
the government said it was revealing
allowing her client shaykh abdul rahman
to communicate with his followers well
she hasn't decided yet she said that's
one thing she's gonna consider she asked
for names of from both sides about who
they would think would be appropriate
but remember a big part of the
investigation into cohen is supposed to
pertain to his taxi medallion business
and so I could see her saying okay let's
start by searching for all the tax and
medallion stuff and that can be handed
over immediately and then anything that
involves the name Trump perhaps we'll
have a special master look at that so in
other words I think she hasn't decided
yet she she spoke very strongly in favor
of the integrity of Southern District
Prosecutor's so she may not appoint one
at all but she she is going to find some
solution that takes care of privileged
communications but again a huge chunk of
this is not privileged at all and and no
one is even really claiming it is the
Daily News cover by the way today is a
big picture of Sean Hannity and it says
oh for Fox's sake but I want to turn
right now to Tacoma
to the former FBI director James Comey
all of these developments happening as
James commis new book a higher loyalty
hits the stands today a year after he
was fired by President Trump in an
interview with a be new
BC News's George Stephanopoulos Sunday
night Comey said Trump was morally unfit
to be President and I don't think he's
medically unfit to be President I think
he's morally unfit to be President
person who sees moral equivalence in
Strongsville who talks about and treats
women like they're pieces of meat who
lies constantly about matters big and
small and insist the American people
believe it that person is not fit to be
President of the United States on moral
grounds that's James Comey on ABC and
the significance of what he was saying
and did you think there was anything new
there Marcy wheeler
well I mean Comey is getting a lot of
press for saying mean things about
Donald Trump but I actually think that
it may help Trump innocence or it may
hurt commis case because the book
includes a bunch of legal issues it
includes a description of his
conversations with Trump which have
become the subject of the legal
investigation into Trump they have
become part of the Malheur investigation
and that's interesting and it's
important for us to know but by making
these comments about Trump and I should
say as FBI director one of the things
that Comey used to do which I found
really problematic is he'd say well
there are the good guys and they should
have encryption and there are the bad
guys and they shouldn't have encryption
or whatever it was he was talking about
and and I thought then and I think now
that Comey too often conflates the law
with moralism and so by getting on TV
and you know he'll be on TV all day
every day this week by going on TV and
and mixing his conversation about what
what happened between him and Trump
which is a legal issue now and mixing
them with his judgments that Trump is
morally unfit I happen to agree with
that
but I'm I'm I was never in a legal
situation where I could you know
influence whether Trump broke the law I
think that that actually will make it
easier for Trump to claim that the legal
investigation into him about whether he
broke the law whether that's driven
because people hate him or because he
did in fact break
and so I mean that's my opinion on Comey
but I think Comey mean beyond the fact
that Comey
has very little self reflection about
his own role in affecting the election
last year and that's unfortunate if
you're gonna you know have a big book to
her about what it takes to be a leader I
think a little more self reflection on
those issues would be in order you wrote
a piece this weekend Marci Trump
pardoned Libby to protect himself from
Miller yes you're talking about scooter
libby didn't get a lot of attention in
the midst of everything else in the
avalanche of news and reversals all
through these last days or months or you
could say here but talk about what this
pardon of scooter libby means and who he
was so scooter libby was Dick Cheney's
chief of staff and he was prosecuted in
2007 basically for obstructing Patrick
Fitzgerald's investigation into the
circumstances around the leak of Valerie
Plame therein in Libby's notes he
recorded Cheney ordering him to leak
classified information to New York Times
reporter Judy Miller and Judy Miller
said that he had ID'd Valerie Plame to
him so there was good reason to believe
that Dick Cheney had ordered Libby to
leak among other things Valerie Plame's
ID and Libby lied about it that's what
he was prosecuted for before he went to
prison in 2007 Bush George Bush commuted
his sentence meaning he didn't have to
serve the sentence but he didn't
pardoned him and that was key because
Libby therefore couldn't be called in
having having been excused from any
legal jeopardy in the case to testify
further about what Dick Cheney did and
what George Bush did since then in in
the eleven years since then Libby has
gotten his law license back he's gotten
his right to vote back so the the
remaining punishment for having been
found guilty of a felony those
punishments were done so what the pardon
did on Friday was nothing functional to
Libby's life it did not affect it not
improved
Libby's life in any material way but
what it did just as Michael Cohen was
was is being investigated by the FBI
what it did is make it clear to people
like Michael Cohen like Paul manna for
like a bunch of other people in the
White House that Trump is happy to
excuse people who break the law to
protect a president and I think that was
the message that was the reason he did
it
Scooter Libby probably made this country
less safe in in what he did at the
behest of Dick Cheney and you know Paul
Manafort Michael Cohen probably made
this country less safe and how they've
been protecting Donald Trump as well and
Donald Trump I think sent a message that
says you know I will do what I can to
excuse you for anything that you do to
protect me I don't think it'll work
because the people who are protecting
him and are in a lot more kinds of legal
