[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we turn to part two
of our discussion with the former
finance minister of Greece Yanis
varoufakis we turned to the latest
economic fallout from President Trump's
announcement that he would pull the u.s.
out of the landmark nuclear agreement
with Iran top White House officials
making the rounds on Sunday morning news
programs saying the Trump administration
is not only prepared to impose sanctions
on Iran but on European companies that
do business there this is White House
national security adviser John Bolton on
CNN's State of the Union I think the
issue here is what the Europeans are
going to do if they're going to see that
it's not in their interest to stay in
the deal we're gonna have to watch what
the Iranians do they'd love to stay in
the deal why shouldn't they they got
everything they wanted from the Obama
administration but I think the Europeans
will see that it's in their interest
ultimately to come along with us so you
have this extremely provocative act of
the Trump administration pulling the
United States out of the Iran nuclear
deal at the same time that the Trump
administration has moved the u.s.
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem I
mean actually not officially because
it's not been fully built yet but the
ceremony is happening today in Jerusalem
and you have the Israeli military at the
same time in Gaza once again opening
fire in the deadliest day of attacks on
Palestinians it's believed at least at
the count of this broadcast something
like 37 Palestinians have been killed
just today as they engage in nonviolent
protests on the border with Israel
bringing the total to well over 80 since
March 30th as these systematic
nonviolent protests have been ongoing
leading up to the 70th anniversary of
the founding of Israel this week which
Palestinians call the Nakba because of
the mass displacement of hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians we're
joined by yes as I said here in New York
the former greek Finance Minister Yanis
varoufakis who is the chief negotiator
of Greece's bailout with the European
Union and International Monetary Fund he
has a new book out it's titled talking
to my daughter about the economy or how
capitalism works and how it fails
Yanis varoufakis served as finance
minister in Greece in 2015 before
resigning from the cities the government
he's also co-founder of diem25 that's
democracy in Europe movement 2025 it's a
grassroots movement to strengthen
democracy throughout Europe welcome back
to Democracy Now I'm glad you stayed
with us for this part too but I wanted
to before we talk about your book in
part 1 of this conversation you talked
about President Trump really going after
Angela Merkel when it came to pulling
out of the Iran nuclear deal how do you
see it in that way
Trump has never made any bones about it
he was always targeting the German trade
surplus with visa via the United States
and also the Chinese one he is a metal
catalyst view but so does the German
government sense so there's a clash
there and the combination of giving
massive tax cuts to German companies and
at the same time that's a carrot and
then this thick is a vase if they
continue to do business in Iran
effectively they will be frozen out this
combination is effectively robbing
angular Merkel's nose in her own
helplessness to impose the European
Union's policies on Iran because
effectively German business turns around
to the German government say you cannot
protect us from Trump we're going to
pull out of Iran and we're going to do
more business in the United States so
that this is a victory for trumpet is a
very short-term victory I wanted to go
to German Chancellor Angela Merkel who
is awarded the franciscan lamp of peace
and Assisi Italy Saturday in her
acceptance speech miracle said Trump's
decision to pull the u.s. out of the
nuclear deal made things more tense in
the middle east we mentioned in zilean
get this value sometimes it's not even
about the people in Syria anymore and
that is why today's award is aimed at
bringing me and the
other European leaders and countries
closer to find a solution for this
conflict and with the US pull out of the
nuclear deal the situation has become
even more tense we are following the
events between Iran and Israel and for
the background of German history in the
background at Israel security is a
reason of state for Germany
we are urged to play a strong and
committed role in resolving this
conflict but we are only going to be
able to do that if we can develop the
European Union one country alone in
Europe cannot act on it and that is why
we need to work together
that's German Chancellor Angela Merkel
just on Saturday
now Yanis varoufakis you there's no love
lost between the two of you you were the
Greek finance minister fighting the
imposition of the IMF and Europe of
austerity on your country on Greece I
think against the great depression in
Greece and the conditions that reproduce
it and so how do you see angle of Merkel
today as a tragic figure I have no
personal animosity towards her I
actually quite like her personally when
I remember in 2015 in the summer when
the Syrian refugee started streaming
into Greece and into Europe she did
something quite remarkable especially
for a right-wing leader she threw the
the borders of Germany open and welcomed
them and that was a magnificent feel
very proud to be European and very proud
of her at that moment because three
weeks later she realized she was going
to be overthrown by her own party and
she turned around and flipped and did
something quite nasty she'd got into her
proverbially into bed with the president
of Turkey effectively bribing the
president of the of Turkey mr. lon to
the tune of six seven billion dollars so
the turkey would allow us Europeans to
violate all principles of international
law on refugees so she's she knows she
can do the right thing and then she can
do the wrong thing but there is what I'm
saying that she's a tragic figure I mean
you heard her say that we have to be
united in Europe in order to have an
impact on Middle East peace on world
affairs to put our our house in order in
a year that is correct but every single
time that she had an opportunity since
2010 to get Europe to put
she's always undermined it by imposing
or steady the worst austerity on the
most depressed economies around Europe
therefore destroying the the bonds of
solidarity and wrecking the European
Union effectively so today she is the
most weak Chancellor of Germany has ever
had even though she started off her
career as being the most powerful one
and that's you know that's the stuff of
tragedy isn't it
and how does Greece fit into the story
of the destabilization of the Middle
East right now from Iran to Israel and
Gaza to the occupied territories the
European Union if it were united if we
had a foreign policy with which we don't
we put the words European foreign and
polish together and you end up with a
joke but if we were united and I had
that foreign policy we could be a
bulwark we could be a counterbalancing
force to Donald Trump but we're not
already Trump has been very successful
in the way that he's divided macron and
Merkel the French president a German
Chancellor who both came to the same
week hardly anyone knew what told micron
was I don't have a problem with you
because you don't haven't had trade the
surplus without the United States and
macro internal and said well there's not
much he can do against us because we
don't have a trade service with them so
they divide and rule policy has actually
worked and the European Union is
completely naturally powerless and
therefore it cannot be a good force in
the Middle East or anywhere else in the
world now where does Greece come in
Greece in 2010 was the first domino that
fell in a vicious domino effect dynamic
that led to the disintegration to the
economic disintegration and
fragmentation of the European Union the
way with which the flimsy little Greece
was treated with the West's combination
of austerity and loans for the banking
system poisoned the democratic and
economic dynamics with the European
Union so the fact that we are not united
now is a result of the policies that
were first tried out in this dystopian
laboratory which is Greece before
exported to Italy to Spain
to Ireland eventually to France leading
to the fragmentation of the European
Union which now has rendered a you and
Angela Merkel impotent Yanis varoufakis
again before we talk about you talking
to your daughter about the economy can
you make sense of what is happening now
in this week of trade talks between
China and the United States which
actually is very significant for the
u.s. North Korea summit that's going to
take place in Singapore people might not
realize but how this Chinese company ZTE
fits into this President Trump saying
he's working to prevent the collapse of
the Chinese electronics company ZTE
which is admitted to violating US
sanctions against Iran now fascinatingly
the u.s. is saying they're going to
impose sanctions on European companies
who do business with Iran but he's
saying he wants to drop sanctions
against ZTE allow it to thrive to save
Chinese jobs he says explain how this
all fits together
Trump operates on the basis of an
imminent threat he wants to create an
environment in which his interlocutors
whether their German companies the
German Chancellor of the Chinese
companies and Chinese government or
North Korea for that matter think that
he may strike at any time that there is
an imminent threat like you know the
sword of Damocles hanging over the head
so that they are constantly on the
defensive and then he can choose when he
makes the offer of a deal you know the
art of his you know his famous art of
the deal offer and but when it comes to
China I think that what the real game
that we should focus our attention upon
it's not not steel imports or exports
it's not aluminum its other things that
he is talking about the main game in
China as far as Trump is concerned is
the massive profits of high-tech
companies
that China has developed in opposition
or in competition with Google with
Facebook with Amazon because as you as
we all know the Chinese have effectively
not allowed this big tech American
silicon valley-based
in industries to move to the to China
and they develop their own so China is
the only economy that has developed a
competitive to Silicon Valley and the
potential profits of those are gigantic
Trump watts amounts effectively to end
the Chinese wall that prevents those
companies being taken over by Silicon
Valley companies this is going to be a
war hopefully not not a real war but an
economic and diplomatic war and then the
war of words about the profits of these
companies at least that's my estimation
and then you have the foreign minister
of Iran as arethe meeting with Lavrov in
Moscow the significance of that Alliance
and what it says to the United States
this is coming right after the u.s.
pulls out of the nuclear deal I don't
think there's an alliance between Iran
and Russia and they will never be one
the two countries are and two regimes
are very skeptical of one another but
faced with a common enemy there is
always a tendency to collaborate or at
least to discuss and to coordinate the
the problem that we should be looking at
from a Western progressive perspective
is that if you think about it the two
forces in the Middle East that helped us
defeat Isis the fundamentalist
misanthropy of Isis on the one hand was
Iran without Iran we would not have
defeated Isis I know the other hand with
the Kurds of Syria and Iraq and think of
how we are rewarding them the west
through Trump is turning against Iran
and we are also allowing the Turkish Air
Force and Army effectively to destroy
those communities of the Kurds who
helped us defeat Isis what signal are we
sending the world from now on how can
good people like the current fighters
who effectively did our dirty job for us
defeating Isis how are they going to
look at us in the future in future
conflicts as credible allies and
collaborators I don't think so
what do you think has to happen in Syria
what do you think will end this horrific
violence I think the West has to accept
that the Assad regime cannot simply be
discarded because if it is I'm not a
supporter of the Assad regime or a
defender of the Assad regime for one
hundredth of a second but remember what
happened when Gaddafi was overthrown in
Libya Libya became a failed state and
it's a cesspool of misanthropy there has
to be an accommodation between the Assad
regime and the Kurds and the anti-assad
more democratic not so Islamic
fundamentalist forces not everyone is
going to be part of that deal but has to
be limestone at least a triangle between
elements of the Assad regime even assert
himself the Kurds and the anti-assad
fighters but the West has to bring them
together and the West must declare that
it is not there for regime change
purposes in the way that we were in Iraq
and in Libya creating and paving the
ground for the worst kind of
misanthropic outcome as we said as we've
seen both in Iraq and in Libya and what
about Saudi Arabia in this picture I
mean you have one of the worst
humanitarian catastrophes in the world
unfolding in Yemen right now with the US
backed a Saudi bombing of Yemen you've
got maybe million people who have
cholera you've got thousands of Yemenis
who've been killed the US and a very
tight alliance with Saudi Arabia well we
have to end that it's very simple diem25
our movement is has been campaigning for
two years now for slapping massive
sanctions on the Saudi Arabian regime
treating it as a rogue state rogue state
both domestically the oppression of
minorities the the dictatorial behavior
of this government the state of play
regarding women's role in that society
and of course the way in which they are
exporting war famine and devastation in
Yemen but not just in Yemen as well the
Saudi Arabian regime has been behind
almost every misanthropic fundamentalist
movement in in the region we need to
deal with Saudi Arabia as a threat to
stability and the threat to humanity
instead of dealing with them as if they
are our best allies and what's happening
with syriza in Greece today it exists
only name ever since
in July 2015 the Prime Minister and my
colleague decided to overthrow the
people we had a very interesting
reversal of fate for the first time in
history a government of a three it's
people other you know rather than other
way around the night of the referendum
when the Magnificent Greeks gave a 62%
of backing to oppose the continued
madness of our bailouts the Prime
Minister flipped and turn that no into a
yes since that day there's no syriza
government there's a troika government
there is a government of the creditors
it's effectively all decisions and laws
are being written in Brussels and it's
not just that we have this kind of new
colonialism it's also that the laws that
they write are absolutely absurd if you
think just just given one small example
that you are forcing small companies you
know tiny comments that are struggling
to survive in the state of Great
Depression to prepay next year's
taxation this year you just need to
state that realize how mad it is so I
mean Alexis tsipras the prime minister
of course was your close ally in syriza
until you left you know it really hurts
a lot more when it is your friends and
comrades that are turning and start
implementing the things you know they
disagree with when we or the left do
this we progressives do this then we are
giving Tina the toxic dog mother there
is no alternative the greatest boost
there is and that makes me very sad
explain that again
there is that this has been the
neoliberal mantra that Margaret Thatcher
introduced now when the left gains power
it secures the massive backing of the
people and then turns against them and
says ah sorry yeah thank such it was
right there is no alternative we have to
implement these austerity measures
because this is a responsible thing to
do that is a massive blow on progressive
movements it really knocks the stuffing
out of our collective passion for change
when you were finance minister of course
in the midst of these austerity
negotiations and the massive result in
Greece and the major protests you don't
have anything like that today in Greece
why what are the circumstances that
change that led people to go back inside
the fact the the overthrowing of the
people which is my metaphor for what
happened that very night we got them out
we energize em remember in January 2015
we were elected with a majority a
relative majority forty percent of the
vote for five months
we were fighting tooth and nail against
the creditors and in of the fifth of
July six months later we under in a
state of siege the creditors had shut
down our banks you know that it is to
shut down your banks imagine if a
foreign power were to shut down every
ATM in the United States of America
that's economic warfare its financial
waterboarding if you want and yet are
very courageous brave people voted 62
versus Oh 40% had voted for us six
months before and then when things came
to a crunch
62% even right-wingers voted for us as
in part of a patriotic move to say no
we're not going to take this we brought
them out on the streets against the
television channels that were all
controlled by the creditors and
effectively warning the Greeks that if
they go against the track of lenders and
creditors there will be Armageddon and
yet they did and the next day the
left-wing prime minister turns around
and overthrows this whole movement of
course people went back home and now
they are nursing their wounds inside
their own
privatizing their fears and privatizing
their pain the anger is there the pain
is there nobody believes that Greece is
on the mend which is the official mantra
but you know a Great Depression takes
two forms an economic form and the
psychological form and when you're very
depressed you don't demonstrate we're
talking to an Apsara focus the former
finance minister of Greece who's just
written a new book it's called talking
to my daughter about the economy or how
capitalism works and how it fails so you
go from finance minister explaining the
economy to the world to trying to
explain it to your daughter how old is
she 14 and what do you think is
essential for a 14 year old to
understand 14 year olds and 40 year olds
and 90 year olds must all understand and
understand that empowering citizens to
speak authoritative lis about the
economy is a prerequisite for democracy
and a precondition for the good Society
