this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman as
we turn now to well the record 42 women
running for 19 seats in the Senate
currently there are 23 women senators
beyond the Senate victories for female
candidates and Democratic races have
become a trend since the primary season
began March 6 prompting some to predict
2018 election will be a major year for
Democratic women before this year the
last major boom in female nominees was
1992 after the 1991 Senate confirmation
hearings for Supreme Court nominee
Clarence Thomas so many women were
elected to the Senate in 92 that
analysts called it the year of the woman
well today we're going to look at one of
the most exciting races for governor
it's in Georgia where the former State
House Democratic leader
Stacey Abrams made history weeks ago by
becoming the first African American
woman to win a major party's nomination
for governor in US history she defeated
Stacy Evans a former state
representative who ran as a centrist if
Abrams wins in November she'll become
the first african-american governor in
the deep south since reconstruction
Abrams is the former House Minority
Leader for the Georgia General Assembly
she received the endorsement of numerous
progressive organizations including our
revolution the political group that grew
out of Bernie Sanders run for the White
House Stacey Abrams addressed her
supporters at night on May 23rd remember
that we're in the state where the red
clay gives life to generations of
dreamers
a state where Martin when Martin marched
on ballot boxes and challenge of
nation's conscience a Georgia that gave
us the Godfather was sold the queen of
the Mets and sent a peanut farmer to the
Oval Office that was Stacey Abrams on
her primary victory night this November
she faces a tough race against her
Republican opponent who hasn't been
decided yet he'll be decided on in a
July 24th runoff it's between Lieutenant
Governor Casey Cagle and Secretary of
State Brian Kemp to talk more about this
and much more Stacey Abrams joins us
from Atlanta in addition to running for
governor she's won national recognition
for her work to register 200,000 people
to vote including voters of color in
Georgia
she's the 2012 recipient of the John F
Kennedy new frontier award spoke at the
2016 Democratic National Convention and
has been hailed by the New York Times as
one of its 14 Young Democrats to watch
and she has written a new book it's
called minority leader how to lead from
the outside and make real change Stacey
Abrams welcome back to Democracy Now
we'd interviewed you in 2014 around the
200,000 people that you helped to
register to vote we're asking you right
now how you're feeling that night in May
when you won making history in Georgia
when you won the Democratic nomination
for governor a me thank you so much for
having me back and it was an
extraordinary night not just for me and
what it symbolized for women and women
of color but what it symbolizes for
Georgia and for America we're changing
the face of leadership in this country
and that means reflecting the very
different experiences and lives that
folks have but recognizing that that
change is a good thing for Georgia and a
good thing for America talk about the
issues you ran on I'm running on very
clear progressive values democratic
values we talked about educating
children from cradle
to career and that's something that
resonated across the state of Georgia we
talked about a diverse and inclusive
economy that works for every Dorjan no
matter where you live there's a woman I
met in Macon her name is Pam and she had
two daughters one of whom was about to
give birth she was sending her daughters
off to college getting ready to raise
her grandchild because she knew that
college degree was one of the best
guarantees for her daughter but when I
asked her what she wanted for herself
she didn't really know she you know
she's been a cashier at the Piggly
Wiggly for 20 years and no one had ever
asked her what she wanted and it turns
out she wants to start a daycare center
so that she can not only take care of
her grandchild but help other young
women who are forced to make terrible
choices about whether they can pursue
their dreams and she wanted to be able
to take care of those kids too but
didn't think anyone would invest in her
I want to be the governor who invests in
Pam and Pam Inc and the third issue we
talk about is having proven leadership
that makes certain that the state works
for everyone and that means expanding
Medicaid doing in Georgia what Virginia
was able to do last week
but it's also talking about criminal
justice reform continuing the good work
that's been done here but also thinking
about how do we deal with issues of
transit and transportation the
environment really making certain that
government works for everyone those are
the issues we talked about and it
resound across the state of Georgia from
rural parts to urban parts and across
every racial demographic you know we
talked to you in 2014 you are our guest
along with Ben Jealous at the time head
of the n-double a-c-p
he now is running for the Democratic
nomination of governor in Maryland
and you are talking about the 200,000
people that you had helped to register
to vote can you talk about this clearly
in November
turnout is going to be key in fact
during the primaries more Republicans
turned out than Democrats did this
concern you and how many people overall
in Georgia
simply don't vote so we're excited about
what the primary results showed because
while
or vote Republicans voters and Democrats
Democrats had historic turnout 65% more
Democrats turned out for this primary
than turned out four years ago and
Republicans actually lost ground they
had fewer folks voting than they did in
2014 so that's incredibly I think
encouraging sign for us but writ large
the work that we did with the new
Georgia project which continues now is
an independent organization separate
from me is that we have to increase the
franchise for everyone no one should
lose their right to vote but also
everyone should embrace the fact that
they have that right and that's what the
new Georgia project has done and will
continue to do but I'll tell you this we
have enough voters who share those
values of Education of Economic Security
of really strong and effective
leadership we have enough voters in
Georgia to win this election because it
goes to the last point you made it's not
just about whether you're registered
although that is critical and we will
continue to make certain that is top of
mind that voter suppression doesn't win
the day but it's also about having
values that voters want to voice and
what our campaign has been grounded in
is engaging people so that they know
that if they vote in this election
change will come that their voices
matter I've built a campaign that's been
very different from a lot of campaigns
that preceded me rather than spending a
lot of money trying to convert
Republicans into Democrats I'm spending
the bulk of our resources encouraging
voters who share our values Democratic
leaning voters and independent thinkers
so that they know that if they vote they
actually will get a different result
because what's really happened is that
the unheard and unseen have given up and
I believe that with the right candidate
and the right message and the right
investment we can turn them into active
voters so this number you face this
November a tough race against one of the
Republicans who is running in the
Republican primary their runoff is July
24th and I want to play excerpts from
their campaign ads this excecute Airi of
state Brian Kemp
I'm Brian Kemp I'm so conservative
[Music]
I blow up government spending I own guns
that no one's taken away my chainsaws
ready to rip up some regulations I got a
big truck just in case I need to round
up criminal illegals and take them home
myself yeah I just said that
I'm Brian Kim if you want a politically
incorrect conservative that's me that
was Georgia Secretary of State Brian
Kemp who faces the run off with
lieutenant governor Casey Cagle this is
the ad by Cagle we've got the
deportation bus that's why you heard me
the Michael Williams deportation bus you
want to find out where we're coming go
to deportation bus com we're gonna
implement my 287g deportation plan
that's gonna fill this bus with illegals
to send them back to where they came
from so that's lieutenant governor Cagle
they are he's running against Kemp in
the runoff now Kemp is the man that you
were dealing with a Secretary of State
in the midst of the governor's race in
Georgia between nathan Deal and Jason
Carter that year Secretary of State
Brian Kemp accused your group the new
Georgia project of voter registration
fraud but investigation found just
something like fifty one potential
forgeries out of 80,000 applications the
group submitted and the group was the
one that brought attention to these when
going through those signatures in
September 2014 audio was released of
Kemp warning fellow Republicans that
Democrats might win because they're
registering minority voters the audio
was released by better Georgia and
features Kemp speaking at a July 12 2014
event in Gwinnett County this is a clip
registering all these morning others
that are out there and others they can
do that they can win
can you talk about each of these
possible opponents in the governor's
race beginning with who we just listened
to which was the man who you took on in
2014
Secretary of State Kemp I I will say
this about both secretary Kemp and
lieutenant governor Cagle secretary Kemp
has unfortunately built a very strong
record of voter suppression and yes he
and I have we've conflicted a number of
times and I think I'm I'm very I'm not I
don't think I know I'm very proud of our
record of beating of forcing him to
restore the canceled registrations of
thousands of compelling his office to do
the right thing when it comes to voter
registration but also I think it's a
challenging conversation to have both
with secretary Kemp and with lieutenant
governor Cagle because rather than
focusing on how we move the state
forward they've both focused
unfortunately on this quiet or forum of
bigotry of how they want to harm
communities and hold us back I will
correct one thing that the commercial
played about the deportation bus was
actually another Republican candidate
who lost but Casey Cagle unfortunately
has echoed those sentiments of treating
those immigrant communities as less than
in the state of Georgia of heart trying
to harm the LGBTQ community in Georgia
but I'm running a positive campaign
where we talk about what we can
accomplish together and that's the
reason I ran the new Georgia project
it's the reason actually I wrote in the
minority leader book because I want us
to understand that those who are on the
sidelines those who find their voices
muted or find their voices actually
silenced have power and there is no more
profound power in a democracy than the
power to vote and so my mission both as
a candidate and a writer is to talk to
folks about how we own that power how we
hack the opportunity to really take
control of our government back because
we have so many opportunities not only
in Georgia but nationwide and I know
that in the state of Georgia if we
invest in our voters and if we lift up
our values we can win what we've seen
happen in the last few election cycles
unfortunately was a disproportionate
investment in trying to convince
Republicans
Democratic what we are focused on is a
people-powered campaign where we own the
franchise and where we say if we value
our voters and if we're willing to go to
every corner of the state and talk to
every single person we can actually win
elections without having to cater to
these right-wing partially conservative
policies that only serve to harm
everyone lieutenant governor Cagle is
the politician who threatened Delta
Airlines whose home bases in Atlanta I
just was in Atlanta on Saturday speaking
to a Delta flight attendant
he threatened to end tax exemption for
Delta because they stopped giving any
kind of discount for NRA members is that
right that's correct
he actually was successful he stripped
the language from a bill and he took
away that jet fuel tax exemption that
was proposed but here's the thing I am
proud to say that I have never gotten
better than a D or an F from the NRA
it's the only bad grades my parents have
ever been proud of because I will always
stand on the right of a gun on the side
of gun safety and this is someone who
understands those who want to own
weapons I come from a family that hunted
I know how to hunt but I don't do it but
I get to make that choice but I also
understand that the higher
responsibilities that every person who
uses a firearm has is the responsibility
for gun safety and I see absolutely no
conflict between being a gun safety
advocate who's been endorsed by
gabrielle Giffords and believing that
you can have a Second Amendment and that
again is the contrast that I have with
both of my opponents I'm not gonna fear
monger to win an election
I'm gonna focus on the positive
opportunities we have for a bright
future for all of our families where
everyone has the freedom and opportunity
to thrive and that's really why I'm
running it's why I've been doing the
work I've been doing for the last 18
years because I believe that we can do
better by our people we're gonna break
then come back to this discussion our
guest is Stacey Abrams Democratic
candidate for governor in Georgia made
history in May by becoming the first
african-american woman to win a major
party nomination for governor in the
United
States this is democracy now back with
her in a moment this is democracy now
our guest Stacey Abrams Democratic
candidate for governor in Georgia made
history by becoming the first African
American woman to win a major party's
nomination for governor in the United
States if she wins in November she'll
become the first african-american
governor in the deep south since
reconstruction
the first african-american woman
governor anywhere in the United States
she served seven years as the Democratic
leader in the Georgia General Assembly
her new book titled Minority Leader how
to lead from the outside and make real
change in a short graphic novel about
your life called walk together it tells
the story of how in 1991 you were denied
entrance to the Georgia governor's
mansion at first when you went there
along with other high school
valedictorians who'd been invited now if
you win you may be a little closer to
calling the mansion home talk about what
happened then in 1991 I was a high
school senior I graduated as
valedictorian but my parents who are
incredible people at the time they were
graduate students at Emory University
getting their masters of divinity we
didn't have a car my family couldn't
afford one
and so we relied on public transit that
day we took the public bus to the
governor's mansion we got off the bus
and we walked up to the driveway all the
other families were arriving by car and
the security guard looked at my parents
looked at me and refused this entry he
told us we didn't belong he didn't ask
to see our invitation he didn't check
his checklist luckily I have very
aggressive parents who believed in their
children and will always stand up for us
and so they had a very vigorous and
engaged discussion with the guard and he
finally agreed to check the checklist
and found my name on it and the point of
the story is I was allowed inside but I
don't remember meeting the governor of
Georgia I don't remember meeting my
fellow valedictorians what stuck with me
from that day was this man standing in
front of the most powerful place in
Georgia telling me I didn't have the
right to come inside because of who he
saw when he looked
when he looked at that bus that my
parents and I got off of my mission in
this race my mission and the way I've
lived my life is to make certain that we
create space for everyone to belong that
when we walk together when we have good
leadership that sees all of Georgia that
no one will ever feel that they are not
a part of our history and also a part of
our future and that's been for me the
most important piece of that story not
the not the narrative some may have
extracted from it about how I was left
behind but more about the opportunity to
go inside and change what it means to be
the governor in Georgia to be a governor
in the deep south Stacey Abrams among
those who've endorsed you is our
revolution the outgrowth of the
organization that of Bernie Sanders what
does that endorsement mean to you I was
privileged to be endorsed by our
revolution to be endorsed by senator
Sanders but also be endorsed by Hillary
Clinton and for me it's a function of
bringing together every faction and
every part of the Democratic Party
Valerie Jarrett came down the former
senior adviser to President Obama came
down the Saturday before the election my
campaign is grounded in the notion that
we can bring everyone together to win
because our opponent is not the
Republicans our opponent is the inaction
our opponent is the lack of educational
opportunity for every child our opponent
is making certain that economic
opportunity isn't relegated to the
privileged that we have to fight back
against those who would deny us access
to health care and so I'm excited to
have everyone at the table with me from
our revolution to Secretary Clinton to
Valerie Jarrett because what it signals
is the broader understanding that
Democrats and democratic values are the
only way for progress in America Stacey
Abrams I'd like to ask you to stay so we
can do a post-show interview and we'll
post online underway exclusive stay B
Abrams is Democratic candidate for
governor in Georgia
her new book Minority Leader how to lead
from the outside and make real change
that does it for our broadcaster marks
now accepting
patience for a video production
fellowship scudded democracynow.org I'm
Amy Goodman thanks for joining us
