[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman were broadcasting live
from the UN climate summit in Bonn
Germany this is part two of our
conversation with the climate scientist
Kevin Anderson a major new study says
European governments have drastically
underestimated the methane emissions
from gas the report finds European Union
nations can burn gas and other fossil
fuels at the current rate for only nine
more years before these countries will
have exhausted their share of the
Earth's remaining carbon budget
necessary to keep temperature rise below
two degrees Celsius or 3.6 degrees
Fahrenheit well we're joined now by the
co-author of the report he's one of the
world's leading climate scientists he
traveled to the bond summit by train
from England because he refuses to fly
because of its massive carbon footprint
Kevin Anderson is deputy director of the
Tyndall Center for climate change
research professor of energy and climate
change at the University of Manchester
in Britain co-author of the report
entitled can the climate afford Europe's
gas addiction Kevin Anderson thanks for
staying with us for part two of this
conversation well can the planet afford
this
most certainly not if we are to deliver
on our two degrees C climate change
commitment then the e use plans and
policies for the development of a much
larger gas network are completely
incompatible with a used fair
contribution to the Paris agreement so
all of the proposals and development
we're seeing with new liquefied natural
gas LNG terminals the proposals for
these new pipelines that are coming from
Azerbaijan or other parts of the world
these are completely incompatible with
Paris and they are locking us into an
ongoing high carbon future can you just
explain for a minute for laypeople I
mean part of why I think especially in
the United States with oil companies and
others funding what many call not think
tanks but tanks are that they
don't even understand what the most
people don't understand what the Paris
climate Accord is and they thought there
was actually dissent saying was it
meaningless
what is it what is Trump threatening to
pull the u.s. out of the pact that the
principal partly said leap a life Oh
Kisan but the principal part in terms of
the temperature goals in other words you
want to hold but the global average
temperature to rise at no more than 2
degrees C from the pre-industrial period
and that's briefly brought about by the
burning of fossil fuels and some
emissions from agriculture and 2 degrees
C to D we sent tomato 3.6 Fahrenheit is
seen to relate to the set of climate
impacts that we would see around the
world that people have judged
collectively would be dangerous indeed
many parts of the world now say they
would be extremely dangerous which is
why the Paris agreement also included at
the behest of some of the poorer and
more vulnerable parts of the world are
one and a half degrees C goal as well
and so these temperatures are though
they tints and don't sound too bad in a
cold day in Manchester or in Uppsala you
think two degrees doesn't sound too bad
they have massive regional repercussions
they have big effects on extreme weather
conditions whether that's droughts or
whether that's floods or heat waves and
so the two degrees C average is a very
significant shift it's worth bearing in
mind that out throughout the whole of
human period on this planet so 200 to
300,000 years we've only ever lived for
about 1 degree variation we are now at
the variation away from the norm that
we've never seen as humans on this
planet and it's getting higher every
single year so you have Syria just
signed on to the Paris climate Accord as
did Nicaragua know Nicaragua had
objected to it because they said it just
wasn't strong enough
you also had fierce criticisms of it so
what do you think actually needs to
happen now will you have the Paris
climate Accord where do you think the
world needs to go the science is fairly
clear on this the Paris climate board
has these temperature and Oklahoma
obligations not targets their duties or
obligations we have to achieve them not
try to achieve them we have to achieve
them particular the 2 degree C 1 and the
size is very clear that to deliver on
that we only have a certain amount of
carbon dioxide that we can put into the
atmosphere now that's like having a cake
of carbon dioxide if you like and the
fair thing then is how do you divide
that cake up between the world's nations
that's of course where you get lots of
horseplay and everyone thinks that we
should have a bigger chunk
bigger slice than really we should
really have and others will have to
compensate for that every
country thinks that the US the UK the
rest of the EU every country in the
world said we want a larger slice than
we can really have for the problem with
that is when you add all those slices
together it's much bigger than the cake
and so this is what we have here you add
up all of the commitments that every
country has made and it's probably
somewhere between three and four degrees
C of warming which would be utterly
devastating at a global level so we had
this this two degree C carbon cake and
if we were to really resolve that
properly we need to divide it up in a
fair fashion and at the moment no
country really is trying to do that and
the EU who of course they was very
significant evolved in the Paris
agreement they have been pasting in the
EU as sort of tried to demonstrate that
it's one of the leading parts the world
and that perhaps the leading part of the
world in delivering on Paris and yet
when you look internally what it's
planning to do it can they use public
money billions of euros of public money
to subsidize fossil fuel development
that will lock the EU into ongoing use
of very high carbon gas for the next 30
or 40 years it will breach its
commitments it's fair commitments under
the Paris agreement and when we've
spoken to some of the advisors to
Commissioners in the European Commission
they admit this privately but they were
likely to say it open and publicly so
they see these these investments are a
problem from a climate point of view but
they see them as necessary from from
other sort of political requirements of
the EU so I think this is ongoing
balance between them when our political
and economic goals are and what our
climate change and our moral goals are
to future generations and poor people
elsewhere and what about the United
States so that wasn't the subject of
this particular snow it wasn't there
well it wasn't in subject to study but
the United States is interesting the
United States has had quite a big shift
towards towards gas production from
shale gas in particular and as a result
partly as a result of that its emissions
have looked like they've sort of
stabilize and come down a little bit
except of course it's exporting quite a
lot of the coal that it would otherwise
have burnt so you know that doesn't mean
necessarily that that's a good thing at
the u.s. transit transitions the gas
within exports it's coal that is also a
problem the other joke back of course is
the u.s. is producing so much gas now it
is already building terminals to export
that gas to other parts of the world and
this is liquefied natural gas and now
gas is very bad when you burn it you get
lots of carbon dioxide but liquefied
natural gas also has a lot of it a dish
nor carbon dioxide emissions from the
process of doing that but also methane
emissions and the leaks that come from
the LNG process itself
no LNG liquefied natural gas this
constant term natural gas it was like
clean coal do you refer to natural gas
well gas natural gas shale gas that's
all basically the same all with a very
few differences it's all basically
methane and methane is the chemical
constituents of methane of a carbon and
hydrogen and if you had a kilogram or if
you had a pound of methane and 75% of
that pound or that kilogram would be
carbon so though people often refer to
it as a bridging fuel a transition for
your sometime even the autumn is
completely mistakenly call it a
low-carbon fuel it is a very high carbon
energy source it's not quite as bad as
coal but it's still very high carbon and
completely incompatible with the Paris
agreement when you watch protests like
well I mean here the protests against
the coal largest open pit coal mine in
Europe in the United States for example
the protests against the Dakota access
pipeline thousands of Native Americans
from Latin America the United States
First Nations from Canada converging in
North Dakota saying no to taking this
back in fracked oil from North Dakota
through South Dakota Iowa Illinois and
then hooking up with a pipeline to the
Gulf of Mexico what were your thoughts
about it I mean yes you're a scientist
but how effective do you think this is
and what is this gasps what is this oil
being used for it's hard to judge
exactly how effective it is but I think
it is absolutely pivotal and that it
brings attention to these issues that we
would not otherwise be fully aware of
and it's the same you see these debates
in Germany narrow and the coal mine just
here the debates the UK around the Shell
gas where we see what we what people
often referred to as civil disobedience
now I don't want to as an academic say
civil disobedience is something we
should all aspire to but I think it's a
choice here of civil disobedience we
have the people saying at this incorrect
inappropriate to actually dig out and
burn dirty brown coal like an advanced
country as Germany is doing now with its
lignite so that you could call civil
disobedience but even if it's not brown
coal but digging out coal in a wealthy
country like Germany and using
to power its energy system it's
inappropriate and so we so people are
using civil disobedience to try to bring
attention to that and try and stop it
but I would argue actually digging it
out of the ground is also civil
disobedience because that is getting
completely counter to what we've signed
up in Paris so you have this choice
between two forms of civil disobedience
one that is sanctioned by government and
one that's where people stand up for a
moral framework and I think it's up to
us as the rest of us as citizens to
judge which of those forms of civil
disobedience is inappropriate remember
the ones that are standing up against
the lignite mines are standing up for
our children's future and for poor
people elsewhere to live more prosperous
lives we're talking to one of the
leading climate scientists in the world
Kevin Anderson who took a train from
Britain to Germany for this climate
summit you have warned about what you
call a shameful litany of technocratic
scams
you said offsetting is paying a poor
person to diet for us explain what you
mean even offsetting is just a technical
okay well just just to put this in some
sort of context the first IPCC
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change report came out in 1990 that's
not IPCC is the Nobel prize-winning
Peace Prize winning a group of science
group of scientists especially all of
the world science is brought together
and assimilated in really very detailed
carefully produced report the first one
came out in 1990 two years before the
Rio Earth Summit it was a quarter of a
century ago a quarter of a century ago
since then we we've been really we've
had known everything we need to know
about climate change to do something
about it and yet now in 19 and 2017
emissions are 60% higher and going up
again by another 2% this year so when I
say this litany of scams during that
period during that 27 years
there is nothing we have put in place
that's made any absolute meaningful
difference to our emissions our
emissions have just got higher every
single year and those scams include one
of the ones that also in this case has
been promoted by the the UNF triple C
who oversee all of these cop events and
much of the work on climate change and
do a lot of really very excellent work
but in overseeing cop there they've
offered this offsetting scheme so as you
fly here video standard class area
business class or first class you can
offset just for a few cents basically a
few
all of your emissions of healthy and
offsetting means that we will pay
someone else to maybe develop some
renewable power or whatever that might
be somewhere else in the world and that
allows us to carry on with our lives as
we're doing today but was we carry on
with our lives today that means we're
sending a signal to the airports to
expand almost every airport in the world
is expanding to buy more planes we are
buying more and more planes so we are
locking in a high carbon infrastructure
meanwhile other parts of the world are
perhaps developing renewable energy
infrastructure which is a good thing
good for development but in doing that
where that will also give them
advertisers access to people locally
they're who they will develop for
slightly faster and their carbon
emissions will no doubt go up in the
short term that's not a bad thing but it
is not an offset so the combination of
offsetting means overall that our
missions get higher not lower but it may
be that from a development point of view
some of the money is spent on good
things but let's not pretend in any way
that an offset compensates for the
missions that we definitely put in the
atmosphere when we burn fossil fuels
where that's traveling here or we're
eating our homes and so forth well let's
talk more about lifestyle because this
is very important to you I watched you
at several of the sessions here you've
taken a train here when we last saw you
a few cops ago the conference of parties
you also had refused to take a plane you
said you got a lot out of the many many
many many hours on the train I think it
was in Poland that we saw how long did
that take oh my god is that it must be
in two or three days and I've also been
to China into Iceland by ships yeah so
there are other yeah I go to other
places as well but it changes it changes
how often you go so it changes how you
have to run and structure your life
which is not always easy in a world that
is increasingly structured to allow us
to do things faster and faster and so
you have to start almost stepped back
from that and say well what am I going
to do about my other responsibilities
whilst in my way and how does that
affect your friends and family and it's
not easy to all to organize the tickets
because the system is not designed for
that so we've designed a whole system
really around flying and actually
interesting really now I work 50% of my
time at CMAs in Uppsala at U of sorry
University in Sweden in Sweden I travel
backwards and forward to the UK there
were no more ferries between Sweden and
between Scandinavia in the UK and there
are no more overnight trains because
aviation has pushed those out of the
market so you have to so it takes me two
days just a travel from Sweden back to
the you
this is challenging but it does mean I
can get a lot more worked on on the
train and but I think what's important
there is is less as I said before less
my emissions in themselves but it sends
a very strong signal that we can still
live a good quality lights used to
become a university professor and not
flying I mean I haven't flown since 2004
and I've got lots of other colleagues
you haven't been in a plane since 2000
and I know what lots of other colleagues
who have made you know similar attempts
one way or the other to either reduce
their flying significantly or sometimes
to eliminate their flying and they still
are living good lives and been
successful in their careers and some of
the prestige goes off our life
apparently when we fly somewhere it
makes us feel better about ourselves
that specifically someone's paid us to
go there and we get taxi to the airport
we fly somewhere get another taxi to a
nice hotel our meals are paid for as we
go in and out of these conferences and
people meet people who lead to every
other conference is that is that really
important in the grand scheme of things
I think we're just looking in a form of
life of prestige and a travel system
that is completely getting compatible
with our Paris commitments well continue
with that Kevin Anderson about how we
live our lives the amenities everything
from when we do most of our work and the
day or the night to Oh
refrigerators yeah well they I mean this
is what I think we are actually in this
case there are no historical parallels
we're trying to deal with climate change
and we've dealt with ozone pollution
primarily we saw sort of that one there
we've done we've dealt with much of acid
rain and we've somehow think that
climate change is going to be the same
and it's not because it's in everything
that we do is in the days of my in my
jacket it's how we get here's what keeps
the lights on it's in the it's in the
for Mike on top of this table nothing
has ever been that pervasive in human
history before and we have to remove
this in just a just a handful of decades
so this is a massive challenge and I'm
not at the moment sure we're up to it I
think we have all the skills and tools
but whether we've got the courage and
the innovative capacity to push that
forward I think the jury is out on this
but I think if we are going to expect
great leaders to bring about the
necessary changes we're going to carry
on for another twenty seven years of
failure what we require is a partnership
between bottom-up but between people
demonstrating things in their own homes
their own lives their own workplaces and
also top-down the politicians
politicians looking for those changes
and saying how do i scale them up so it
is that interplay between top-down and
bottom-up that partnership and if we
really push on both of those very hard
and we've much more have greater honesty
and integrity in our thinking and our
speaking about these sets of issues I
think we could still just about hit the
Paris commitments refrigerators well
refrigerators are interesting example
where by and you know just look at the
efficiency differences between them you
take a what we call an aerated
refrigerator in Europe so what people
often think is a quite a good
refrigerator and they will use them like
sixty to eighty percent more energy than
an A plus plus plus and we even have
another plus version now so I think the
role there is not of giving a choice
between buying an inefficient
refrigerate and they're very efficient
refrigerator it is the role of the state
to put constraint controls on the
efficiency of the appliances that we buy
a bit like the Japanese top runner
program and that gives a real clear
market signal to say that next year you
want to sell a fridge it has to be this
efficient and and we will tighten that
efficiency every year at say five to ten
