this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Wanda Hollis
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
outrage continues to grow over the Trump
administration separation of children
from their parents along the us-mexico
border on Monday the news outlet Pro
Publica released audio from inside a US
Customs and Border Protection facility
in which children estimated to be
between the ages of four and ten years
old or heard crying mama and papa after
being separated from their parents a
warning the audio is disturbing Border
Patrol agent is her joking in Spanish
well we have an orchestra here what's
missing is a conductor video footage
released by the u.s. Border Patrol
Monday shows migrant children in
concrete floor chain-link cages in an
old warehouse in McAllen Texas new
quinnipiac poll shows roughly two-thirds
of US voters opposed separating children
from their parents at the border about
7% of democratic voters support the
Trump policy while 55% of Republicans
supported ahead of today's meeting with
Republicans to discuss compromised
legislation on hardline immigration bill
President Trump continued to blame
Democrats for his policy that has led to
the separation of at least 2,000
children in recent weeks the United
States will not be a migrant camp and it
will not be a refugee holding facility
will be you look at what's happening in
Europe you look at what's happening in
other places we can't allow that to
happen to the United States not on my
watch
if the Democrats would sit down instead
of obstructing we could have something
done very quickly
good for the children good for the
country good for the world it could take
place quickly we could have an
immigration bill meanwhile during a
White House press briefing homeland
security secretary Kirsten Nielsen said
the administration was only strictly
strictly enforcing immigration law DHS
is not separating families legitimately
seeking asylum at ports of entry if an
adult enters at a port of entry and
claims of siloam they will not face
prosecution for illegal entry they have
not committed a crime by coming to the
port of entry as I mentioned DHS does
have responsibility to protect minors
and in that case as well we will only
separate the family if we cannot
determine there is a familiar
relationship if the child may be at risk
with the parent or legal guardian or if
the parent or legal guardian is referred
for prosecution we have a duty to
protect the American people and it's one
that I take very seriously
for more on the response to the Trump
administration's new policy of
separating children from their parents
at the border we're joined here in New
York by Congress member from eligible
Democratic Congress member from
Washington State she's just helped to
announce a march on Washington and
cities nationwide on June 30th against
family separation she's the vice ranking
member of the House Budget Committee and
vice chair of the Congressional
Progressive Caucus on June night she
visited its tension Center in Washington
State and spoke with some of the 200
asylum seekers held at the SeaTac bureau
of prisons facility congress member from
Ellijay appalled it's great to have you
it's great to be with you talk about the
latest explanation some thought
yesterday possibly because of the just
national international outcry that the
president Trump would walk this back but
he hasn't he has dug down he has dug
down doubled down and I'll tell you I
think he's making a bad miscalculation
Americans across the country Republicans
Democrats independents are outraged
because everyone
there's so many parents amongst us and
you have to as a parent think about and
as a mother I can tell you this think
about what it means to take a child who
is breastfeeding and tear her off the
breast of a mother to take a
one-year-old child and I heard from the
hundred and seventy four women that I
met with at the federal prison
they're being held at a prison because
all the detention centers are filled
these are 206 individuals who were
transferred from Texas from the border
to a federal prison some of them about
40% of them had been in detention for
over a month not a single one of the
mothers had seen their children not a
single one of them had been able to say
goodbye to their children and only two
out of the all of the mothers that were
there even knew where their children
were so Trump is making a bad
miscalculation he has said over and over
again that he is using this as leverage
to get his border wall to get you know
very bad immigration policies that would
cut legal migration to this country over
the next many decades policies that
really very few people support he
continues to use immigration as a you
know piece of red meat that he throws to
an increasingly shrinking in my opinion
base and you can see that by the fact
that Franklin Graham son of Billy Graham
Laura Bush former first lady have all
weighed in to say this is cruel it's
immoral and by the way it also doesn't
work it is not an effective deterrent
because the women that I met with you've
covered so many of these countries over
the years over the decades they are
escaping terrible conditions one of the
women told me that she had three
children her oldest child was shot and
killed by gangs I think she was from El
Salvador her second child shot and
paralyzed by gangs
she took her third child left her second
child and took her third child to try to
bring that child to safety these are the
kinds of stories that people are fleeing
so they're making impossible choices and
separating children from their families
at the border is illegal the UN Human
Rights Commissioner has weighed in and
said it violates the rights of the child
they are asylum seekers they should be
getting what is called a credible fear
hearing
and instead the Trump administration
just continues to you know double down
and think that he's going to somehow be
solving a problem here what's your
response to the claims of the Trump of
President Trump and his aides that they
are only following the law that the law
had been in place beforehand but was not
being followed by prior administrations
and they feel they now must follow the
law it is it is just hogwash I could use
a lot of words for it but I'm going to
say hogwash here they this is a result
of the Trump administration
zero-tolerance policy what they did when
they put that into place and you hear
Jeff Sessions talk about it back in
February various people have talked
about this was actually done to deter
people from coming which by the way is
illegal our courts have ruled that you
cannot use detention as deterrence but
what they have done now is said we're
gonna criminally prosecute everyone who
comes across the border including these
asylum seekers now these the majority of
the hundred and seventy four women that
I spoke with were asylum seekers not a
single one had received a credible fear
hearing and they had been taken into
courts in on mass seventy five a hundred
people at a time mass prosecutions
really no due process criminally
prosecuted when really what they should
have gotten is there's no way to
adjudicate a an individual's credible
fear of persecution if they are in a
group in a group trial that's right and
it was a criminal prosecution it was not
an asylum hearing and they didn't they
they weren't evaluated at all there is a
question to by the way some of these
folks have been pleading guilty because
in fact all of them have because they
hope that they're going to be reunited
with their children if they do that and
instead you know what might happen is
when you apply for asylum you're asked
have you been charged of a crime this is
technically a crime so we don't know yet
how this will affect their asylum
hearings but the stories I heard were
just heartbreaking women who talked
about being deceived they were with
their children they turned themselves in
they were then you know they excuses
made like you you're gonna go get a
photograph taken or you're gonna go to
court and see a judge
they came back and their children were
gone no chance to say goodbye
some of them talked about being in the
room right next door to their children
so they could hear them screaming for
them crying for them you showed pictures
of the cages that people that children
were held in the women described the
same things they talked about the
facilities by nicknames like the icebox
and the dog pound icebox because the
temperatures were so frigidly cold and
they crossed the Rio Grande they're wet
they're put into these frigidly cold
facilities no mats no blankets no clean
drinking water in some cases for up to
five days so the administration would
love to take the focus off of the fact
that they put this policy in place they
can reverse it today they would love to
have the focus turn to legislation that
both sides need to pass but that is just
not sure and I just want to be very
clear hurt you visited a prison I
visited a prison and you visited prison
we've seen the Congress members who went
on mass to Texas they were in McAllen
they were in all different places your
Congress member from Washington State
and you were in Washington State these
women were flown up from the border
correct they're children still
presumably in all over the place
so they some of the women were given
slips of paper that had their name there
a number which is their immigration
number and then the names of the
children their children supposedly but
one woman pointed to the slip of paper
and said to me these are not my children
so there is a real question also about
whether these agencies because there's
the u.s. marshals there's Customs and
Border Protection
there's immigration Customs Enforcement
there's DHS there's the Office of
refugee resettlement nobody knows and we
have not been able to get the answers to
whether or not these agencies are
coordinated and whether or not they
actually know where these children are
not a single one of these women actually
I take that back two women had known
where their children were but had not
spoken to them but the rest of them had
no idea where they were Kirsten Nelson
insisted I mean parents and children the
kids are skyping their power
parents they're talking to them on the
phone they can do that regularly she
boasted about how the migrant children
in custody were being dealt with it is
important to note that these minors are
very well taken care of don't believe
the press they are very well taken care
of we operate according to some of the
highest standards in the country we
provide food medical education and all
needs that the child requests this was
in the same at the same time well
yesterday and a few days ago when she
spoke that she said the separations
aren't happening right she has gone back
and forth as has Trump but we have it on
record that this is a policy that has
been carefully crafted by Stephen Miller
put into place by the Trump
administration they are now and Trump
himself has said that he wants to use
this use the children as leverage to get
his border wall and to get his
regressive immigration policies we have
been saying over and over again that
what they are doing can be undone today
by the President does not require
congressional action this does not need
to be about legislation and I would just
say that the Ryan bill that is going to
come to the floor of the house this week
that they say offers a fix to this is
actually makes things much worse it
allows for family detention indefinitely
it takes away the due process rights
that unaccompanied children would get it
is a terrible bill so anyone who says
it's a moderate compromise is really
missing the boat and we should vote
those bills down hopefully they will
both fail but then the Trump
administration must implement a reversal
of this policy and we'll have a mass
demonstration anchored by move on and
also by the National Domestic Workers
Alliance June 30th Lafayette Park 11
o'clock hundreds of organizations unions
faith leaders all kinds of organizations
that are participating because I think
people really are outraged and we should
be outraged these conditions are cruel
and you talk about the demonstration but
is it your hope to basically get a
reversal of the Trump administration
policy or do you feel that
given the fact that he's doubled down
that there has to be some kind of
congressional action to supersede the
president in this case I mean I would
love to see congressional action but I
don't think that they should be able to
try to say that if this policy continues
that it's the failure of Congress
because he put this into place and he
has a habit of doing this one as you
know he did this with the dreamers he
said I'm reversing daca
now it's Congress's fault that they
haven't passed a solution a permanent
solution for the dreamers and he was
challenged by that by his own party for
a period of time they've now backed down
and that's why we're seeing this bad
legislation but he creates crises he
preys on fear even his comments about
Europe and immigrants in Europe that you
had played earlier on the show are all
about creating a crisis of fear that
literally has people afraid that
immigrants are causing these problems I
would like for every American to hear
these mothers that I spoke to at the
estate that at the federal prison who
are so courageous have left made so many
sacrifices in order to come to the
United States seeking asylum as much as
Trump would like to portray people
coming across the border as murderers
and rapists and you know all of the
terrible things that he says animals
these are women seeking asylum seeking
security and I think that these families
need to be reunited so talk about what's
happening today I mean there's this
astounding poll that's out that says
something like ninety ninety-five
percent of Democrats are opposed to what
Trump is doing but something like
fifty-eight percent of Republicans are
supporting what he's doing right now he
is going Trump is going to Capitol Hill
what are these two bills that are being
put forward and what are you instead
proposing there are two bills one is
from Bob Goodlatte the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee which I sit on that
committee and that bill is a very
conservative anti-immigrant bill that
would cut legal immigration over the
next five decades by 25 million so it
eliminates pieces of the family
immigration system
really eradicate the refugee and asylum
process it does not path provide a path
to citizenship for undocumented
immigrants it is a bad bill Ryan then
crafted with some folks from different
parts of his caucus another bill that is
supposed to be the compromise bill
because it does offer some things
towards the dreamers which he was pushed
to do that by the fact that there were
almost 218 signatures on a discharge
petition that essentially would allow
for four bills to come to the floor one
would have been the DREAM Act one would
have been the hurt Aguilar bill one
would have been the Goodlatte bill and
one would have been Ryan's bill he did
not want that to happen it would have
forced his hand and actually the hurt
Aguilar bill which would have provided a
permanent solution for dreamers that
bill would have passed it would have
gotten enough votes to pass and he
didn't want that to happen so instead he
said he worked a compromise with this
caucus and unfortunately a couple of the
moderates back down and said I will
bring this this other Ryan bill to the
floor that bill has a few things to sort
of calm the fears of some of the
moderates who are worried about their
re-election prospects but it also does
many of the terrible things that we you
know know he would want to do it it it
it has a lot of the pillars that Trump
wanted in his circles on provides bill
from the Republican lawmakers could lift
the 20 day limit currently in place for
families to be detained and paved the
way to unlimited detention of parents
and their children is this the
compromise that is the compromise bill
and so I refuse to call it a compromise
bill I call it an anti immigrant bill
along with the Goodlatte bill and
anybody who thinks that bill is fixing
the problem that we have at the border
has another thing coming this is
indefinite detention for children you
both include a wall both of them include
is this what this is all about is that
Trump made the stakes so high that
people would simply cry uncle and he
would say see Democrats aren't
supporting a bill that will stop the
children from being separated from their
parents and
would be a small price to pay 25 billion
dollars for a wall well the crazy thing
is he actually could have had the wall
Chuck Shumer without our knowledge I
want to say or some of our knowledge
offered him a wall he then changed the
stakes and he said no I don't just want
a wall I want you to end the family
immigration system I want you to do this
I want you to do that so the the the
goalposts kept moving it isn't about the
wall anymore it's just he wants
immigration to be out there as an issue
for his base but I think he is
miscalculating on this one I really do
because I think there is there are very
few Americans and I know what the polls
say about 55% of Republicans currently
supporting the proposal but that number
is going down very quickly and the more
we hear these cries of children and see
these images of children in cages they
don't want to allow us in because they
don't want people to really see but now
people are starting to go in and to see
what kinds of conditions were holding
people in I thought Laura Bush's article
was excellent actually her op-ed where
she talked about the comparisons to I
wanted to ask you in terms of this issue
him wanting immigration to be the issue
some of the stuff he's also said is he's
pointing to to Germany in some of his
tweets saying look at Germany or opened
up its borders let all these folks in
and now the crime rate is escalating
turns out that fact-checking by the New
York Times showed that the crime rate in
Germany has been going down not up and
yet he continues to create this image
that immigration is associated with
greater immigrations associated with
greater crime well that's what's so
offensive to me you know I am an
immigrant myself I am one of only a
dozen members of Congress or about a
dozen of us that were born outside of
the United States I came to this country
when I was 16 years old by myself and
this portrayal from India I was born in
India this portrayal of immigrants and
by the way unless you're Native American
you did caught your ancestors came from
somewhere either on slave ships to build
this country under pressure or to escape
