this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman tensions are rising in
Honduras where the electoral court still
hasn't released the full results from
Sunday's presidential election the
us-backed president Juan Orlando
Hernandez was widely expected to win
Sunday's presidential race despite
growing concerns about his consolidation
of power in his militarization of the
country but in an apparent upset partial
election results released on Monday
showed his main challenger Salvador
nazriya leading Hernandez by five points
mister I as the head of a newly formed
coalition of center and left political
parties called the alliance against the
dictatorship the Alliance includes the
leftist party of former President Manuel
Zelaya who is ousted in a us-backed coup
in 2009 this is Salvador nazriya
speaking Tuesday even though we have a
five-point advantage they can still try
to steal the election from us I'm asking
the supreme election tribunal which
right now is not supreme because it
obeys the orders of its boss the
president fulfill your responsibility
and released today a partial verdict
about the election results many of miss
Raya supporters are concerned the
Electoral Court may now be trying to rig
the vote in Hernandez's favor this is
Guillermo violin evasion and unity party
which is part of the coalition that
makes up the alliance against the
dictatorship also speaking Tuesday we've
sent out an urgent alert for us it's
critical it's very serious the situation
where the conspiratorial and traitors of
the government are practically carrying
out a coup d'etat on Tuesday the
Electoral Court released new partial
results showing the gap between Austria
and Hernandez has narrowed witness Raya
now leading by only two percentage
points for more were joined by siapa
party Oh assistant professor of Chicano
and Latino Studies at Pitzer College
who's just returned from Honduras where
she was an election observer welcome to
Democracy Now professor Portillo can you
talk about what is happening in Honduras
right now but thanks for having me Amy
what's happening in on do it us right
now it's a lot of uncertain
people are concerned and worried that
maybe the election results will be
stolen from them word on the ground
right now is that only the Nationalist
Party votes are being counted that's why
you see the rise for the Nationalist
Party on those polls and it's actually
you know a lot of about 73 percent of
the ballot boxes have been reported as
of now it's really awkward and weird
that the actually illegal that the
Electoral Court is not releasing being
more transparent and releasing results
you have the UN and the u.s. embassy
asking them to in the Organization of
American States asking them to release
the results and be more transparent with
the population it's really awkward to
not have results right after or even the
day after but if the electoral court
cannot release results without the
permission of the President as you
recall the president controls the
Supreme Court the electoral court and
just about every branch of government so
people are a little antsy a little
nervous
there's also another word on the ground
and I think reuters reported on this
yesterday that potentially he's
negotiating a way out you know he is
under investigation and so is his
brother for narco-trafficking into in
the international world and if you're
talking about that he's yeah it could be
that he's actually negotiating his way
out so talk about whether this is a
surprise did you expect Neriah the
opposition candidate to actually win I
think everybody was hopeful I have never
seen so many people at the polls as I
did this year I've served as Electrolux
observer before I've never seen so much
enthusiasm people came out to vote in
the morning and then came back for the
count the polling the polls were closed
at 4:00 p.m. one hour earlier this year
which is also an anomaly usually they
extended an extra hour for people that
work and you know on Saturdays and so it
was really exciting to see people come
back to the polling stations for to
witness the count
I went to about 13 different voting
centers throughout the day and then came
back to them to get a tally of what the
count was for the different candidates
and people were really lining up outside
the classrooms the elections take place
in public schools and just counting and
demanding that the the table and the
counters turned the ballots to show them
who the election who the the official
was and so this was really exciting to
see people were really vigilant they
don't want this election to be stolen
from them they came out and you know
really strong show of support voting to
them was really important if you go to
my Twitter feed you could see some of
the you know people talking about what
it was like and why they couldn't vote
and you know how they worried about
these issues as much as possible I tried
to report immediately on this and also
you know some inconsistencies for
example some people would show up and
they had already voted but they hadn't
voted right so someone else voted for
them there were other inconsistencies
where people's information appeared and
but their picture was wrong and so they
couldn't vote and these kept these
things kept happening throughout the day
and people were passionate about
exercising the right to vote and I
traveled with Pitzer College students
who were really blown away by the level
of civic participation and like I said
people coming back to the count we left
the polls around 1:00 in the morning and
people were still counting and people
were still guarding those tally sheets
that were going to be sent to there was
an alpha and trying to write down the
numbers so that when there get posted in
the electoral courts website they could
actually check those numbers and check
for fraud so this was a really engaged
populace at least in San Pedro Sula
where I was in the south west part of
the the city
professor party oh can you tell us who
Salvador nazriya is Salvador Nasrallah
is a sportscaster in on dudas he after
the coup d'etat in 2009 the coup d'etat
itself broke bipartisanship before 2009
the elections were really fought between
the Nationalists
party in the Liberal Party after the
coup against Munoz Elliott Rosales about
ten parties were formed one of them was
Salvador Nasrallah's party against
corruption and this party did really
well the issue with this party is that
it's an urban party so it does really
well in the cities like the Lucy Alba
you know where people watch his show San
Pedro Sula
and in La Ceiba but in the rural areas
he has not very much reached so the
strategy of the of the Liberal Party
under Manuel Zelaya Rosales to bring
together these parties that are outliers
but do garner votes in the city was
actually quite brilliant in the sense
that you know you were able to see a
combination of a sort of rural rural and
urban vote in this situation so the and
I think also the Libra party learned a
lot from 2013 from the mistakes made you
know how to really sort of get out in
front of this and they did effective
campaigning in some of the most
populated regions like I said I visited
about 13 polling stations mister voting
centres in the most marginalized areas
areas that people you know middle-class
people wouldn't even think going to
neighbourhoods like gladiator nandus or
Cavanaugh's controlled by ms-13 or 18th
Street gang but people came out you know
despite the heavy militarization people
came out in droves and we're not afraid
to vote this time they knew that in 2013
at least what people told us as they
knew that that election was stolen and
they weren't going to let this happen
again talk about the militarization of
Honduras with Salvador Nasrallah saying
on Tuesday he would review the benefit
of having US troops stationed in
Honduras if he's elected the US
government supporting the president Juan
Orlando Hernandez the militarization is
was really excessive I wasn't until we
see alpha but I saw a lot of reports of
the exits and the entries to the city
were militarized and blocked right after
the closing of the elections there's
only one open entrance and
said to some CC Alba in San Pedro Sula
what we saw actually and we worried
about a document where military police
entire anti-riot police with a National
Police and we saw also people not in
police uniform wearing ski masks
carrying high-caliber weapons like I
mentioned I took Pitzer students there
with me and they were actually quite
shocked to see the level of
militarization and the high the weapons
you know that people were carrying
around voting centers also it's illegal
to have this level of militarization and
an avoiding center it could be seen as
intimidation and on dudas has lived
through many military dictatorships from
1963 to 1984 example where they weren't
able to exercise suffrage free freely of
the military until the 1980s so this
really was in poor taste it was
intimidating to some borders some people
chose to stay home but for the most part
I think the working classes you know the
the poor people really struggling under
this neoliberal regime really came out
to despite the militarization and like I
said people were they out there till one
two or three in the morning you know
these are dangerous hours to be out in
some of these neighborhoods but they
really really wanted to guard the vote
despite you know the the heavy
militarization in one of the centers
where we were in Cavanaugh's the school
was presentation centeno they -
nationalist party members started
fighting over tally sheets because we
were guarding the tally sheets being
scanned into the you know into the TSE s
app they have an app so the scanners are
connected to a tablet that has an app
and these tally sheets are uploaded so
they can get results quite fast but also
the the hard copy was going to be
guarded and taken by military guard to
the capital right so in case there needs
to be a recount and we saw people
fighting for the tally sheets even in
one party the Nationalist Party members
for the Congress representing different
Congress people
and you see them fighting out there and
all of a sudden we had just a drove of
anti-riot police run into the the center
which is really scary because they have
a tear gas weaponry you know they are
instructed to shoot and kill during
election period at least that was the
that's the story that most Hondurans
remember from the military period right
that you don't want to mess with these
military people during an election
period and so you know we saw those
kinds of like struggles happening in the
voting centers at the end the count was
extremely passionate and and you know
that the the police was reacting as if
the populace could not be trusted and I
think that's one of the messages from
Juan Orlando and why people wanted him
to get to get him out why they voted to
get him out right because he treated the
the Honduran people as if they could not
be trusted to have a peaceful walked and
to exercise suffrage and be passionate
but but not necessarily violent so
people were almost despondent about the
military being present as if they could
not be trusted and how is it for men in
ski masks their face is covered to be in
the streets professor Portilla
unfortunately in san pedro sula this is
quite typical in these working-class
neighborhoods
lots of times policemen do that or
military police do that so that gang
members won't recognize them and go
after their families this is the story
that people say but you know it's quite
intimidating to see that like I said for
my students it was really shocking for
them to see it you know and to live it
and so unfortunately in these
working-class neighborhoods is very
common this is how they fight against
gang members or narco traffickers
traffickers or so they say right but but
it's quite intimidating also they're not
wearing their uniform they're wearing
black gear you know so it's it's people
know who they are because they've seen
them in the neighborhood and a lot of
different operations but again for the
everyday person you know
it's just a heavy military station
situation for an everyday life professor
party oh can you talk about who the
current president is who ran in the
selection Juan Orlando Hernandez talk
about his rise to power and you can go
back to the ousting of Manuel Zelaya who
was ousted in a us-backed coup and then
the running of his wife see America
Stroh does Alya
and what exactly Juan Orlando Hernandez
did when he became president so when
Orlando Hernandez really rises to power
after the coup d'etat this is the
opportunity for the Nationalist Party
which had been sort of out of power for
a while to rise into power he became the
president of Congress and eventually
really worked was escalator elevated to
run for the presidency when Samaras
Elias candidacy rose this is the
president that this is a presidential
candidate who had an extreme amount of
money running he had TV spots he had all
kinds of support from the United States
and other sort of right-wing nations and
right-wing precedents and right-wing
groups and later we find out so he he
wins in what are considered fraudulent
results and election results that had in
2013 and what we end up seeing after the
elections is that the money that he used
to run possibly for office was actually
stolen from the Social Security
Administration that the public service
you know you saw just terrible
conditions in the public hospitals and
ninety billion dollars were stolen from
the people to possibly run by the
nationalist party to run his election
and for it to be so successful at the
same time he had the first thing he did
in 2014 was to create the military
police police unit that didn't exist
since probably the military period of
the 80s in the Cold War this these kinds
of policemen are linked to egregious he
rights violations abuses of power you
know that it's basically allowing
military to be near civilian areas as we
saw in the election and in the elections
of Sunday you know with high-caliber
weapons he granted over 300 mining
concessions which is one of the reasons
why Berta Caceres is was killed right
because of the concessions granted to
build hydroelectric hydroelectric plants
and mining concessions to not only
international corporations but his
friends and his family members he
incident he has everybody in in the
branches of office that matter are
members of his family right this is what
we call an oligarchy in Latin America so
you know kind of like what Trump is
doing here in the United States where
his entire family is assigned to
important posts in Washington the same
thing with one Orlando Hernandez he
imposed uh you know all kinds of ayran
rule over people he wasn't supposed to
be reelected if you remember that's why
my name's alaya Rosales was ousted
because he according to the right wing
he was trying to get reelected to stay
in power his connections to olga chavez
were questioned well that's exactly what
wonder or land or Landis did but the
reason he could do it is because he
appointed the Supreme Court that granted
him that permission he appointed
everybody in the electoral court you
know he controls just about everything
so this is effectively a dictatorship
according to people on the ground in
Honduras they feel that he's abused
power so extremely that they came out to
vote against him so this was a really
powerful vote yes for the Alliance and
leave it but also against one Orlando
Hernandez I wanted to play a clip of
Berta Caceres in 2015 she won the
Goldman environmental prize the world's
leading environmental award in accepting
the award she described how she helped
organize indigenous communities and
Honduras to resist that hydro dam you
spoke of because it could destroy their
water supply
Timo's let us wake up then let us wake
up humankind we are out of time we must
shake our conscience free of the
rapacious capitalism racism and
patriarchy will only assure our own
self-destruction the Hokage River has
called upon us as have other gravely
threatened rivers they believe we must
answer their call our mother earth
militarized fenced and poisoned a place
where basic rights are systematically
violated demands that we take action
vamos imposes Sociedad escapa said they
let us build societies that are able to
coexist in a dignified way you see in a
way that protects life let us come
together and remain hopeful as we defend
and care for the blood of this earth and
of its spirits I dedicate this award to
all the rebels out there - my mother -
the link of people to Rio Blanco and to
the martyrs who gave their lives in the
struggle to defend our natural resources
thank you very much Erick acid is
talking about the martyrs who gave their
lives Berta Caceres who was herself
assassinated in her home in las bonanza
Honduras in March 2016
now shocking new revelations have been
released that linked the assassination
of the renowned indigenous environmental
leader to the highest levels of the
company whose hydroelectric dam project
she and her indigenous lenka community
were protesting so Professor Portillo
can you talk about how the assassination
of Berta Casa days fits into this story
of perhaps this Honduran election upset
that is taking place right now
definitely I think Berta Caceres was a
beloved leader and on dudas
she ran for vice president in 2006
actually against Elias party she really
had an international reach as he were
able to see after her murder the level
of response from the international
community and the consistent
accompaniment of her family over 32
members of her family are under threat
of death constantly you know they're
they have cautionary measures from the
inter-american Court because of the
level of abuse that they're experiencing
on a daily basis one of her daughter's
birth eita Zuniga cáceres is taken over
cocaine so you know constantly in the in
the public eye
this international reaction on Berta
Caceres I think really backfired for one
Orlando Hernandez they thought that they
could just kill a leader and everything
would be silenced they didn't realize
who Berta Caceres was and the legacy and
her work right her consistent work in
the international community for
indigenous and effort descendant groups
when the nation doesn't pay attention to
them they mustered that into the
international community to seek justice
and have the international community
press the government and I think that's
exactly what happened with her murder
also that's a corporation which is
linked to her murder
in the direct cause of her murder right
they actually paid security guards and
former military men to assassinate her
they are they were given a concession by
