is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
we're broadcasting from the Sundance
Film Festival in Park City Utah the 2018
Academy Award nominations marks a
historic first yancey Ford became the
first trans director to be nominated for
an Academy Award his film strong island
is up for Best Documentary Ford is
african-american chronicling what
happened to his own family after his
brother William for junior was shot dead
by a white mechanic in Long Island New
York
in 1992 the killer was questioned by
police but never charged this is the
trailer for strong Island he stumbled
out of the garage and into the yard
where you fall I said to the officer
where is my son I want to be with my son
you lie on the ground bullet through
your heart and know you will never see
your sisters again your mother your
father that was the beginning
I did not feel that we were received as
parents of a victim
our blackness and how to survive being
black in America was something that our
parents instilled in us extraordinarily
well no officer spoke to me no officer
would look at me
you hear that your son is being
investigated and you hear more and more
afraid
the police had turned my brother into
the prime suspect in his own murder your
father said to me
these officious people your son was shot
down like a dog
this kid is going to actually get away
with murder I'm not willing to discuss
any of my prior cases with anybody
my brother was not armed not violent in
no way this is death justifiable
[Music]
23 white people will decide no crime has
even been committed it was I'm not
willing to accept that someone else gets
to say who William was that's the
trailer too strong island which has just
been nominated for an Academy Award for
Best Documentary we're joined now in New
York by democracy now video stream by
the film's director Yancy Ford who
worked on this documentary for a decade
we're also joined here in Park City at
the Sundance Film Festival where Yancy
just was by joseline Barnes who produced
strong Island she's co-founder of
L'Ouverture films with Danny Glover
Yancy Ford and joseline Barnes we
welcome you both to Democracy Now Yancy
first of all congratulations you not
only been nominated for an Oscar but you
have made history as the first trans
director to ever be nominated by the
Academy
thank you Amy and good morning
I just am flabbergasted I have to be
honest with the story island has been a
labor of love and dedication on the part
of so many people that it's it's just an
incredible recognition to be honored and
to be the first trans director and I
believe the first african-american trans
director to be nominated for an Academy
Award is incredibly incredibly special
to me I want to go to a video posted on
Twitter on Tuesday as the Oscar nominees
were being announced we were actually
live broadcasting Democracy Now here in
Park City but this is how Yancy Ford and
his partner reacted to the news
[Applause]
so there is Yancy and his partner
responding to being named as an Oscar
nominee well Yancy let's talk about this
film in this journey you have taken that
actually started long before you even
started making the film first of all
tell us what strong Island means the
title
well strong island is slang for Long
Island New York and it really grew out
of what surprised people we really grew
out of the very vibrant hip-hop scene
that you know is located and still you
know generates artists out of Long
Island so strong Island you know for for
kids for hip-hop heads is a term that's
always been used to refer to this place
where kids from the city you know moved
to the suburbs but still wanted to hang
on to yes I think part of their urban
heritage so that's that's where song
Island yeah that's what straddling comes
from and and tell us the story of your
family talk about what happened in 1992
to your brother William well in 1992 my
brother and his girlfriend got into a
car accident my brother negotiated you
know with his girlfriend and the
mechanic who hit her car that the shop
would you know repair it if his
girlfriend didn't report the accident to
her insurance company or the police fast
forward about two and a half months
later my brother on the night of April
7th after my mother and his girlfriend
picked up the car from the garage and
brought it home and were followed home
frankly by um you know someone from the
garage
he went to the garage to confront the
owner a man named Tom desi jr. at some
point during you know his confrontation
with the owner which wasn't physical it
was actually a threat to come back to
the garage when he became a law
enforcement officer and to reveal what
was going on in the place it was a it
was a known Chop Shop and to shut the
place down Marc Riley made himself
visible to William he walked out of the
garage
and you know William saw him and
recognized him as the person who had
cursed out my mother and his girlfriend
on a previous visit to the garage well
yeah and you know he sort of comes out
goes right back in William follows him
turns the corner and essentially shot
and someone you know stumbles back out
into the yard where he sort of collides
with his friend Kevin who heard the
gunshot and ran toward William he fell
to the ground and essentially bled bled
to death internally by the time he got
to Stony Brook University Hospital mark
Riley was brought before a grand jury in
August of that year an all-white grand
jury and despite what people who have
been both inside and outside of
prosecutor offices have told me about
the case they you know and their
analysis of the case that grand jury
declined to return an indictment and so
Mark Riley went home without facing
trial and my family was left to
essentially deal with the fallout and
failure of this Civic institution that
we had all you know been raised to
believe you know would work for us if we
you know followed the old American rules
right like hey if you work and the
justice system will work for you when
you need it
my brother's case 25 years ago simply
affirms what we are seeing now which is
it doesn't matter if you follow the
rules the justice system isn't meant to
work for for people of color in this
country I want to go to another clip
from strong Island Yancy this is you
because you're one of the subjects in
the film countless number of times and
all hours of the night during the summer
after ever there was filled I could look
outside the window and there was a car
parked across the street that car and
whoever was in that car was watching our
house and trying to intimidate my
parents the phone rang in the middle of
the night every night for months when I
was home I unplugged all of the phones
in the house except for the one in my
room so that my parents could sleep
through the night so that they wouldn't
have to pick up the phone and say hello
and not have anyone respond so they
didn't have to hang up the phone and go
to the window and see the car sitting
across the street having grown up in the
south where the cops and the Klan were
one and the same
my parents didn't turn to the police for
protection
they had already felt that the police
had turned their own son into the prime
suspect in his own murder
so Yancey that is you in the documentary
the interviews with you with your sister
with your mother are heartbreaking are
so deeply profound as you talk about the
death of your brother William also the
death of your family but how did you go
from the murder of your brother to the
concept behind this documentary what you
wanted to convey with this you also used
it to investigate your brother's death
that's right you know Amy I think that
there are very few people who intersect
with issues so personally and I realized
that that intersection that my
experience losing my brother and losing
my family in the aftermath of his death
you know I started making the film 15
years after he was killed and I decided
that the narrative of his life had been
completely rewritten by someone who's
you know essentially whose freedom was
at stake by and and I needed to correct
that that record I needed to you know
reveal who William was but I also needed
to reveal the way in which he was
essentially criminalized and so what I
decided to do with this film was to put
black characters in the center of the
frame and to have their experiences
verified by themselves there's no
outside you know authority in this film
that says yes you're right or these
people are telling the truth it was very
important to me conceptually that the
film be driven by black characters
because so often black people and brown
people and folks who lose are unarmed
loved ones to violence they get shoved
out of the way as if they are somehow
you know
witnesses to the lives of their den and
in fact the the people in the film
Williams best friend Kevin he was with
him the night he was shot Harvey who
knew him from Howard University they are
the most reliable people because they
they are able to talk about William and
his full complexity as opposed to where
do you sing William to this stereotype
which if you listen to the detective in
the film you would think that my brother
was the Incredible Hulk when really my
brother was 5 feet 8 inches tall and
described by the coroner as obese so the
entire you know the the driving motive
one of the driving mode is behind strong
Island is to reveal William as a whole
as a 360-degree character including his
Falls and by doing so still saying
despite all of his faults despite the
fact that he might not have been the
perfect black victim this killing was
still unlawful and should have gone to
trial Nancy Ford you ask in this
documentary how do you measure the
distance of reasonable fear explained
well reasonable fear is the concept that
says you are justified in responding to
a threat you know with deadly force if
your life isn't sick and it's this sort
of the driving question of you know in
the film because you know New York is
not actually a standard brown state this
is not one of those those states it's
New York is a state that is governed by
laws of proportional force right so for
my brother to be unarmed and to confront
a mechanic and for him to you know shoot
him despite the fact that William didn't
have a weapon you know is it raises the
question of how deeply seeded the fear
of the black body is the fear of black
men is in our culture so much so that a
grand jury would believe that it was
justifiable
and kill an unarmed man when you know
mr. Riley had many other choices that
night and his choices weren't
scrutinized my brother's choices were
scrutinized and so I think it's
important to interrogate how do you
measure reasonable fear and who gets to
decide whose fear is reasonable because
we see in these cases that more often
than not you know the person who has the
justification or who has the historical
fear as Jocelyn has explained you know
when talking about the phone you know
actually the historical fear belongs to
you the person of color who winds up
dead not to the white person you over
reacts with deadly force in these
situations
we're gonna go to break and then we're
gonna bring we're gonna bring Jocelyn
bards into the conversation we're
talking to Yancey Ford who just made
history the first trans director the
first trans african-american director as
well to be nominated for Academy Award
this is democracy now we'll continue to
talk about his documentary strong
islands stay with us is democracy now
I'm Amy Goodman were broadcasting from
the Sundance Film Festival in Park City
Utah and as we broadcast our show on
Tuesday the Oscar nominations were
announced it was just about two-thirds
of the way through the show and it was
there that we learned that Yancey Ford
had made history the first trans
director to be nominated for an Academy
Award for his films strong Island we're
also joined in addition to Yancy Ford
from his home in Queens New York were
joined by Jocelyn Barnes the producer of
strong Island I just asked you answer
that question what is the measure of
reasonable fear use that as a launching
point to talk about why you got involved
your film company louver tore films and
the philosophy behind it thanks Amy yeah
I think this is a this is a really
important aspect of the film
this questioning of what underpins
self-defense cases and how racialized
perception is intertwined with the
justice system and who gets to decide
what is reasonable fear and then
flipping that question flipping that
perspective to talk about whose fear is
actually reasonable from you know really
bringing the historical element and
bringing the the this this question of
loss and grief and in in twining that in
our own interrogation with history with
the historical weight of loss that has
been the experience of the
african-american community I think our
company was created to offer different
perspectives particularly perspectives
that have been marginalized but with
which are more and more important which
are more important than ever I should
say in in today's conversation and
Yancey is a truth teller and our
relationship to the truth and who tells
the truth I think has become even more
important now as Yancey made this film
over a decade mhm we more and more
police killings were being made public I
won't say they increased I'll say they
were getting more attention yeah so you
both decided to edit the film outside of
the United States yeah there was a point
where Yancey had a cut of the film ants
we've been working on the film for four
years when I came into the project and
joined Nancy and we were in dialogue for
about a year he had put the the film on
hold for a while to decide how to Rican
sieve the film I think he felt that the
film was sitting in the house of grief
and that there was no place to move from
grief and so we made a decision to edit
to start the Edit from scratch and there
were killings you know continuously and
we decided to leave the country and
actually go overseas so that he could
concentrate and fully focus on the
creative element we went to Denmark
there was a great editor who was
available there at the
Yanis Berlusconi ensign who had worked
on the act of killing with Joshua
Oppenheimer and we decided that this was
Yancy unionists met for four days
together interrogated each other and
decided that they could work together
and I think that that was a that was a
very difficult decision to make and very
risky decision to take but I think they
can see for me it was important that you
answer you wanted was making the film
that he wanted to make and you know
people people refer to the film as
personal and I think that of course that
is true but the you know personal is
also the language of the dispossessed in
this case nobody wants to make a make a
film about the killing of their brother
this is an artist who I think really
understood that violence you know
doesn't confer what it promises and
actually decided to use narrative and
cinema to recuperate what was what was
possible through through narrative just
really sees the field that way strong
island is about the killing of an
african-american man in Long Island New
York the murder of an african-american
man by a white mechanic that man the
white mechanic was never even charged a
central figure in this documentary is
Yancy's mother and I want to turn to a
clip of strong island of Yancy's mom
your father said to me don't do anything
to hurt my daughters
don't do anything to hurt my girls these
are vicious people your son was shut
down like a dog
you're not gonna be with them always I'm
not with them always the girls are all
we have left
I wanted him to be angry I wanted him to
be outraged I wanted him to
I wanted him to get a gun
to avenge my son's death
he became silent that's a clip from
Yancey Ford's documentary strong island
that's Yancey Ford's mother talk about
your mother
and how important she is to your family
and to understanding what happened to
William Ford your brother and what
didn't happen to his murderer
you know my mother is shown in the film
in her kitchen right which is the center
of our home and the center of you know
you know the place where I grew up and
contrary to what we often see you know
in the news right which is black people
in in their state of grief but not in
the place where they are fully aware of
an analysis of what is happening and the
structural failures and an analysis of
the structural failure
my mother is wholly able to explain what
happened to our family she's wholly able
to you know explain what she saw you
know in the meetings with the DA and and
during her testimony before the grand
jury and her analysis was spot-on she
wrote a letter to you know the district
attorney saying that they hoped for a
full fair and impartial investigation
because we too are the people and that
full fair and impartial investigation
should have resulted in the case going
to trial it didn't and when that
happened my mother was also able to say
you know that she made the mistake of
raising her children to believe that
they should judge people by the content
of their character rather than the color
of their skin and I think that that is
probably one of the bravest things I've
ever heard
anyone saying and the fact that she
happens to be my mother notwithstanding
because it tells the truth about America
where you cannot actually assume that
you are safe with certain people you
cannot actually assume that someone does
not have no intent and you can't
actually assume that someone doesn't
actually have a murderous fear of you
and that's why she's so powerful in the
film because even though she has lost
her firstborn son her only her only son
she is still able to speak through that
grief to a greater truth which is her
child should not have been lost without
his right to due process being violated
and these incomplete investigations
these slipshod investigations are
actually a violation of due process for
the dead because the investigations are
the only thing that can speak for them
and by being able to you know talk about
her entire experience both critically
and emotionally I mean whether
demonstrates that you know black and
brown people are fully aware of the
injustice ISM with which we struggle and
the structural failures that need to be
addressed in our criminal justice system
I want to turn to another clip of your
mom in strong island
this is Yancey Ford's mother speaking
