[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez with
part two of today's edition of fifty
years ago
that's right 50 years ago this week the
1968 Democratic National Convention in
Chicago became a national spectacle as a
major political event turned into chaos
that culminated with a police riot much
of it unfolding on live national
television while Hubert Humphrey was
nominated as the Democratic candidate in
1968 inside despite the fact he didn't
run in any primaries outside was where
the news was where police were clubbing
and tear gassing thousands of protesters
for more we continue our interviews with
Bobby Seale founding chairman Black
Panther Party was in the protests at the
beginning in Chicago Bill Ayers was
arrested on August 27 fifty years ago
and Bernardine Dohrn both Bernardin and
Bill longtime activists for peace and
racial justice former SDS that students
for a Democratic Society and Weather
Underground members I'm Amy Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez one yes I'd like to begin
with a little bit with Bobby Seale again
to follow up Bobby on the conversation
we were having at the end of our
previous segment when you were talking
about how once Richard Nixon was elected
president he ordered his aides to begin
an immediate eradication of the Black
Panther Party one of the interesting
things that most people are not aware of
is that years later a report came out in
The New York Times that the FBI had
conducted a secret secret poll among
black Americans and found that more than
25% of African Americans were supporters
of the Black Panther Party felt that the
Black Panther Party was fighting in
their interests a significant portion of
the America of the African America
population of this country was
supportive of a revolutionary
organization and yet as you were saying
Nixon immediately ordered that you be
crushed could you talk about what
happened in the that first few years of
the next administration to the Panther
Party exactly the year of 1969 is the
year now remember I said he had a
meeting with J Edgar Hoover and J Edgar
Hoover in the December the first week of
December stated nationally on television
that we were threat to the in terms to
the Black Panther Party is a threat to
the internal security of America come
come the woman's in February 17th
February 17th John bunchy Carter and
John Huggins were murdered at UCLA they
were the leaders of the Black Panther
Party in Los Angeles California
now bunchy Carter really had gotten out
of his gang group because he had he ran
out 3,000 member gang and he created a
political organization called wretched
of the earth did later become and he
later became our own they handed up the
Southern California Chapter the Black
Panther Party to the Los Angeles
community area but what I'm trying to
say here is that that was the first
attack on the part of the power
structure using the US organization etc
in a conflict situation to kill and
murder the leaders of the Los Angeles
Chapter the Black Panther Party through
that process in the next three or four
months they attacked more than twenty
two offices I'm talking about in Indiana
I'm talking about they they blew up the
office in Des Moines Iowa literally got
the Ku Klux Klan to blow up that blow up
that building and I'm telling you that
in San Diego brother Bell was opening up
the San Diego office at 8:00 a.m. in the
morning and the police and the FBI came
jumped out of cars and came into place
and shot him
dad killed him murdered him so I'm just
says through that period of attacking by
the end of that year with the murder of
Fred Hampton and then the shootout in
Los Angeles four days later after that
etc I have my organization
I had 28 dead Black Panther Party
members 69 wounded in defending
ourselves we defended ourselves in many
of these attacks but by the end of that
year 14 policemen were killed because we
shot back when they came in shooting at
us we did not play we shot back 14 was
killed and 33 33 police and one moment
so this was a war situation that the FBI
j.edgar hoover richard m Nixon's
administration launched on us throughout
the year of 1969 but the last shootout
was the last shootout was in los angeles
california
two days after Fred Hampton - four days
after Fred Hampton and and Mark Clark
were killed and murdered and other Black
Panther Party members were well Bobby
Rush congressman now congressman barber
Grossman Bobby Rush and Fred Hampton
that did that seven and so that was the
culmination but by that time our
networking was so great with the people
supporting us everybody came out I'm
tell about 200 organizations including
the NAACP Urban League SCLC with
Reverend Ralph Abernathy and others at
settlements all across the country
Sammy Davis jr. was out in the
microphone let the Panthers surrender in
the Los Angeles situation cause that
shootout you know they were now I was in
jail when this was all happening you
have to understand that but I'm given
directives through the lawyer to tell
the Los Angeles group to surrender etc
but Menendez thing but that was the last
shooter but they had planned to shoot
out for the Burke my office the
headquarters of the Black Panther Party
that was now in Berkeley California a
young white police officer had overheard
for two months the FBI and
detectives in the big conference room
talking about their plans to attack the
headquarters what he did after all those
shootouts was going on this young white
police officer really didn't like the
situation
he stole he stole the plans that
attacked with him to attack the
headquarters of the Black Panther Party
office and he gave them to our lawyer
chief council lawyer Charles R Gary in
San Francisco and we put him on the
front pages of the next planned attack
and they also had one plan for Seattle
Washington but in other words that
networking we did with all those people
all those all that time the fortifying
of our offices so we wouldn't be
slaughtered etcetera and so on and all
that stuff I made the party members do
and put together kept us down to a
minimum of the mountain was dead and
killed and this is just a period of them
moving to terrorize us out of existence
but it didn't had it did not completely
put us out of existence at all at that
time because ultimately I want all my
cases i1d
Chicago case I wonder your Connecticut
case I was out of jail and so half of my
organization was still existing well by
turn to Obama I want to turn to a clip
from the documentary The Weather
Underground about the murder of Black
Panther Fred Hampton in 1969 in Chicago
Hampton was chair of the Illinois
chapter of the party and Deputy Chair of
the National Party on December 4th 1969
Chicago police raided his apartment and
shot and killed him in his bed he was
just 21 years old Black Panther leader
Mark Clark was also killed in the raid
while authorities claimed the Panthers
had opened fire on police who were there
to serve a search warrant for weapons
but evidence later emerged that told a
very different story the FBI in the Cook
County State's Attorney's Office and the
Chicago Police conspired to assassinate
four at Hampton this clip begins with
Hampton and later we hear Bernardine
Dohrn
[Applause]
in Chicago today two Black Panthers were
killed as police raided a panther
stronghold
police arrived at Fred Hamptons West
Side apartment at 4:45 this morning they
had a search warrant authorizing them to
look three illegal weapons the state's
attorney's office says that Hampton and
another man were killed in the fifteen
minute gun battle which follow deputy
chairman Fred Hampton why he lay dead
their lives there are concerns people
won't can't bear up to evidence that we
have that they murdered
deputy chairman and the Panther Party
organized tours of the apartment that
they were in when they were murdered and
I went with a group of people from the
SDS national office which is a couple of
blocks away
[Applause]
it was a scene of carnage it was a scene
of war you see this door ridden with
bullets you walk through a living room
into the bedroom and there's a mattress
soaked in his blood red blood down the
floor
anyone who went through that apartment
and examined the evidence that was
remaining there
down to only one conclusion and that is
the Fred Hampton 21 years old and a
member of a militant well known militant
group was murdered in his bed probably
as he lay asleep this blatant act of
legitimatize murder strips all
credibility from law enforcement in the
context of other acts against militant
blacks in recent months it suggests an
official policy of systematic repression
we felt that the murder fred required us
to be more
grave more serious more determined to
raise the stakes and not just be the
white people who's wrung their hands
when black people being murdered
it's two and a half weeks and spread
hampton was murdered by the pigs who
owned the city people to be able to
enjoy Christmas time in this country
without remembering and without making a
choice about the struggle that's going
on in the world without taking action
about a blatant murder it takes place in
the city against a revolutionary black
leader is an obscenity
now with the documentary The Weather
Underground produced by Sam green and
Bill Siegel Bernardine Dohrn could you
talk now fifty years later in retrospect
the impact of the murder of Fred Hampton
and the massive repression against the
Black Panther Party in the wake of the
Democratic National Convention of 68 and
how that in that affected you and other
members of SDS at the time well as as
Bobby said this was part of a part of a
systematic program that the FBI and
local police departments had had cooked
up to suppress the Black Panther Party
we didn't know that literally but we
knew it in practice because you could
see it unfolding over the course of the
year to come into Chicago to shoot in
his own bed to drug and then shoot in
his own bed Fred young Fred Hampton and
Mark Clark and other people who were in
the room who were wounded to lie about
the fact that they had shot guns from
inside out of the police and have that
disproven by the people so office and
others the next morning was alright
there it was right in front of you there
was a this was a legal assassination
part of a campaign that had gone on for
a year and our question to SDS and to
ourselves was what is the role of white
people are we going to support a legal
defense committee that eight years later
will prove this are we going to try to
hurl ourselves into the struggle up the
level as we said at the time of struggle
and put ourselves between the bullets
and the Panthers and that's how we saw
the situation at the moment we felt it
was the responsibility of white people
to step up to open another friend you
could say many different struggle you
could say at many different ways but as
part of the global struggle as part of
the ante
movement and is part of the fight
against racism it was our responsibility
to do everything we could to stop this
murderous campaign no Bernadine that was
your voice and that documentary that was
you responding right after the killing
of Fred Hampton and Mark Clark you and
Chicago yes talk about as we move into
you know movements from then until now
talk about the impact and I'd like all
of you we just heard Bobby Seale saying
this but you and Bill to talk about the
impact of these killings of the Black
Panthers in this case mark Clark and
Fred Hampton on you and what it led you
to do well it it became up-close and
personal as you can see Fred Hampton we
knew him he was a young brilliant
organizer and activist we knew the
Panthers we shared a printing press they
used the printing press in our office we
agreed and disagreed about different
strategies and different actions but we
were in the struggle in the broad sense
together and so to have him assassinated
in his sleep
by the Chicago Police Department with
FBI help and infiltration was
infuriating and it went on at the same
moment of course as the bombing of North
Vietnam accelerated that Christmas
season so for us the war in Vietnam and
the war against the Black Panther Party
were the two pillars that propelled
anybody with a conscience to step up and
do what they could and then to do more
and Bill Ayers well I think that Fred
you know Fred really was a turning point
for me and Bernardine said we went
through the the apartment where he was
assassinated and then later we went to
the church where he was laying in state
and I remember again this overwhelming
sense which Bobby captured beautifully
that the black community was there I
mean we went through the church there
were thousands of people lined up to see
Fred's body lying in the church and so
it was a replication of what had
happened in Chicago with Emmett Till and
a outpouring from the
community to to to object to stand in
solidarity with his mom and his family
against legal lynching and here we were
40 years later yeah I think one of the
things I mean that's really important
because I'm the telecourse killed August
28th 1955 and that's why August 28th
also one of the reasons it was chosen
for the march on Washington in 1963 when
dr. King gave his famous speech and Fred
Hamptons mother Iberia was actually
Emmett Till's babysitter they were both
from money Mississippi it's too ironic
for for words but one of the things that
that I think Bobby brought out and I
think it's important is that one of the
things we learned at that moment was
that being allies to the black freedom
movement wasn't enough the Black Panther
Party said to us again and again we
don't need allies we need partners we
need you know we need not charity but
solidarity and at that moment I think
many of us move from thinking of
ourselves as dissidents and organizers
just thinking of ourselves as
revolutionaries people who wanted to be
arm in arm with the struggle to
transform this country from it from an
imperialist racist monster into a
peaceful joyful and just place you know
I wanted to just go for one minute to
Aretha Franklin inside the convention
she's going to be buried in Detroit on
Friday the major funeral for him people
for her people are already gathering but
she's singing the star-spangled banner
inside the Democratic convention in 1968
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so there you have Aretha Franklin
singing inside criticized by the white
establishment for jazzing up the song
but two years later in 1970 Aretha
Franklin offered to post bail for Angela
Davis who was jailed on trumped-up
charges I want to turn to an article in
Jet magazine from December 3rd 1970
headlined to read the sexual go Angela's
bond if permitted in which Aretha
Franklin is quoted as saying my daddy
says I don't know what I'm doing well I
respect him of course but I'm sticking
to my beliefs Angela Davis must go free
black people will be free I've been
locked up for disturbing the peace in
Detroit and I know you got to disturb
the peace when you can't get no peace
jail is held to be in I'm going to see
you're free if there's any justice in
our courts not because I believe in
communism but because she's a black
woman and she wants freedom for black
people I have the money I got it from
black people they made me financially
able to have it and I want to use it in
ways that will help our people
Bobby Seale do you remember when Aretha
Franklin you know to say the least world
renowned the woman who sang the
star-spangled banner inside the DNC is
offering bail money on for Angela Davis
we just had Angela on after after Aretha
died talking about what this meant to
her yes yes yes I remember all of that
Sammy Davis jr. also I mean there was so
many I had Marlon Brando he was there
I'm trying to tell you we had evolved in
the organization and so much support in
the community monetarily and and and
socially and politically it was a all
the way up to the point I finally come
out of jail and we won the cases
Haven everything and then I ran for
mayor of Oakland I'll never forget and
then when we was talking to it what
happened is the election day that was
getting ready to come down it was on
April 15th off-year election running for
mayor of Oakland I was and we've looked
up and but the Sports Arena that holds
six that holds 16,000 people just Aretha
Franklin was scheduled to speak that day
April 15th Election Day and so two
months before that I finally got a
chance to get people to get me in touch
with the such that I beg to us and since
the reason Franklin please tell your
producers to postpone your
your-your-your your appearance here in
Oakland California the Sports Arena
because the the April 15 is also well
that check day I see these sisters are
gonna be have be be out they're gonna
get that welfare check think I'm gonna
buy you a dress and they're gonna forget
about coming to the polls and we've
organized and she says yes brother Bobby
I will definitely do that and she did
postpone it for me and I had to really
hug her through the phone and say thank
you you know so Rita was a great
supporter in many ways
I got others who were there I mean
everybody came out on our side and
really for all those shootouts I'm
telling you the NACP
everybody Roy Wilkens helped us put
together but I mean I'm telling you I
had coalition's there and this is what
the power structure was really scared of
this unity across that this is what I do
now I'm going to colleges and stuff I'm
in fact I'm gonna we're gonna be the
National alumni association of the Black
Panther Party we're gonna be in Chicago
come November the 2nd 3rd 4th 5th and
6th and I'm trying to get one of the
colleges there to to pay me to come and
speak on the 2nd of November this is
this would be a reunion session of the
founding of the Chicago chaff
Chicago Illinois chapter the black
panther party coming up in and within
the next two months or so so it's just a
this history this human involvement
history protest movement that we evolved
us all I mean sisters Angela Davis all
the party members I know I can mention
party members like our jury a Jones
she's to run the Boston Massachusetts
State Chapter Tupac Shakur was mother
she used to run the Harlem office in New
York etc I'm trying to tell you it I'm
trying to get these young folks to
understand what the resistance was in
the 60s and it's broad relationship to
stop in the war and standing up for
constitutional democratic civil human
rights you know and black people talk
talk but even my 10 for our 10-point
