this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report one well we
spent the rest of the hour with the
author of a new book showing how the
legacy of the civil rights movement in
the United States has been distorted and
whitewashed for public consumption
professor and historian Jean Theo Harris
says iconic figures like Martin Luther
King jr. and Rosa Parks have been
rendered quote meek and dreamy not angry
intrepid and relentless CEO Harris
writes quote racial injustice is
America's original sin and deepest
silence ways the country came to honor
the civil rights movement we're not
simply about paying tribute to these
courageous acts and individuals in the
past but also about sanctioning what
will and will not be faced about the
nation's history and present the book is
titled a more beautiful and terrible
history the uses and misuses of civil
rights history you talk more about the
book we are joined by the author Jane
Thea Harris professor of political
science at Brooklyn College has written
extensively about the civil rights and
black power movements author of the
award-winning book the rebellious life
of mrs. Rosa Parks Jean Theo Harris
welcome back to Democracy Now talk first
about the RAM ad just what dr. Edwards
was talking about were you shocked when
you saw it
I mean it's shocking right I mean it's
particularly shocking as dr. Edwards
pointed out when you actually see the
speech and certainly everyone this week
should go back to the drum major speech
and read it for yourselves because King
in that very speech is criticizing car
commercials and there and there it is
they're showing soldiers over his words
right this is a nationalistic
militaristic sort of subtext of the ad
was also I think very disturbing given
what the drum major speech is about
given what dr. King sort of is he's
talking about both in that speech and
that year you know repeatedly of course
Twitter sort of takes care of these
things so beautifully so I think there
is nothing sort of more fun than then
watching Twitter kind of explode with
this I think one of the things that
I'm talking about in my book though is
things that are harder to recognize
right a bit harder to recognize which
are national recognitions national
celebrations of the civil rights
movement because those are both
important and necessary and centering
the history of the civil rights movement
in the history of this country so I'm
thinking about sort of the honoring of
Rosa Parks both when she dies her body
is the first coffin of a woman of a
civilian to lion honor in the Capitol
there's a statue then placed in Statuary
Hall of Rosa Parks the first full-sized
statue of a black woman there
these are epic honors and yet how she
gets honored how the civil rights
movement gets honored right is a form of
kind of stripping and constraining right
so she's constantly talked about only
for that day on the bus she's constantly
talked about is quiet and not angry and
she's constantly talked about as a way
to celebrate our progress and that I
think than the National and
nationalistic purposes that the civil
rights movement now serves in our public
square eye is sort of at the heart of
what the book is talking about well
let's talk about that anger and how that
is whitewashed out I mean we just came
from the Sundance Film Festival where a
film was just premiered called King in
the wilderness the last three years of
King's life when he is doubling down
he's becoming increasingly radicalized
he's organizing the Poor People's
Campaign he's speaking out against the
war in Vietnam which made this
particularly the sad when you see the
soldiers and you see war I mean he was
risking everything even the support of
his inner circle when he gave that
speech at Riverside Church April 4th
1967 a year to the day before he was
killed against the Vietnam War
this came after that the the drum major
speech and even earlier I mean I think
as we sit here in New York City right to
think about King's challenge to New York
City to to northern liberals and that
begins much earlier than I think we
often recognize in 1960 he's giving a
speech here at the Urban League and he's
calling for a liberalism that's actually
liberal here in the north and not just
calling for change in the South right he
goes to LA and
nineteen sixty three fresh out of the
Birmingham jail what's he talking about
in LA
not just Birmingham he's talking about
police brutality school desegregation
housing segregation in LA this is two
years before Watts in 1964 he goes to
Boston he joins with kind of a
burgeoning school desegregation movement
in Boston the Boston School Committee
meets with him and basically shuts down
the meeting right when King is talking
about northern and justice even in the
early 1960s right northern liberals who
are praising his actions in the south
right shut it down when he starts to
talk about sort of what's happening in
the north and actually a couple months
after the Watts uprising King writes a
very important piece in The Saturday
Review basically taking the surprise
around Watts to task and saying for a
long time right he'd been welcomed into
the North you know he gets honors he
sits on these platforms and yet when he
turns to talking about what's happening
there only the language was polite he
says the resistance was sort of firm and
stubborn so I think looking at what doc
the more uncomfortable right the angry
the ways that dr. King is calling out
people in New York not just people in
Birmingham right that's a part of King
that I think we need to sort of take
seriously we're gonna break and then
come back to this discussion with
Professor Jean Theo Harris author of the
book a more beautiful and terrible
history the uses and misuses of civil
rights history this is democracy now
we'll be back with her in a moment this
democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I'm Amy Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez as we continue our
conversation with a star Ian Jean Theo
Harris author of the new book a more
beautiful and terrible history the uses
and misuses of civil rights history
let's turn to a clip of President Ronald
Reagan speaking November 2nd 1983 when
he signed the bill establishing the
Martin Luther King national holiday now
our nation has decided to honor Darton
dr. Martin Luther King jr. by setting
aside a day each year to remember him
and the Just Cause he stood for we've
made historic
since Rosa Parks refused to go to the
back of the bus as a democratic people
we can take pride in the knowledge that
we Americans recognized a grave
injustice and took action to correct it
so that is President Ronald Reagan in
1983 the official announcement of the
holiday honoring dr. Martin Luther King
that wasn't always President Reagan's
view Jean Theo Harris oh no no Reagan
for many years had felt was very
skeptical of a holiday for random from
home for Martin Luther King he thought
there too many holidays it might be
costly he wasn't sure if King might be a
communist or communist sympathizer so
for years he he deposed then he begins
to see the political utility for him
particularly among moderate white were
like voters Reagan is sort of has a
sensitivity gap around racial issues
it's and he's running for re-election
and so he starts to see sort of a
political upside to sort of backing this
legislation and I think in his speech we
see the elements of what is going to
become the this what I'm calling an the
national fable the civil rights movement
right it's about courageous individuals
in the past they saw an injustice the
injustice is fixed like all Harold the
power of American democracy right so
it's about progress it's about American
exceptionalism
it's about racism in the past and that's
going to be in many ways from Reagan to
Bush to Clinton to Bush to Obama to even
President Trump we see a kind of
narrative of civil rights movement
that's about celebrating these
individual heroes as a way to celebrate
the greatness of America and it's a way
to put it into the as you say into the
past because compare the the way now
that the the the mainstream narrative on
the civil rights movement is to how the
black lives matter is treated today
right I mean one of the motivations
behind the book was the ways that
this narrative the civil rights movement
is marshaled to kind of chastise and
correct that black lives matter it's too
extreme it's you know they might agree
with the goals but not the tactics
you're not going about it the right way
you're not though these aren't the right
leaders so many of these criticisms are
criticisms that are waged against the
civil rights movement the civil rights
movement was seen as extreme the civil
rights movement was seen as going too
far too fast just to give you one poll
1964 here in New York we're not even
talking about the south this is a year
before the Voting Rights Act a majority
of New Yorkers think the civil rights
movement has gone too far
by 1964 in New York well in 1966 was the
the Cicero March where Martin Luther
King went right into the heart of the
north and marched at Cicero Illinois
said he'd never seen the kind of anger
and and and violence from white people
of Cicero than he'd like he'd seen in
the South absolutely the last time Rosa
Parks and Martin Luther King see each
other is in Grosse Pointe Michigan
suburb of Detroit he will describe it as
the most disruptive indoor audience he
ever encounters he's called a traitor so
many times that night that at one point
he stops and says we're gonna have a QA
and you can question me about my trade
Ernest there because he's just getting
heckled the whole time so I think we
again right that we have this idea that
it was popular that most decent people
right supported it at the time and
regrettably that was not the case so
let's go to what you're saying about
today last summer in the wake of the
police killings of falando Casteel and
Alton sterling black lives matter
activists in Atlanta Georgia took to the
streets along with protesters around the
country this is Atlanta's then mayor
Kasim Reed reacting to the actions that
shut down some of Atlanta's major
arteries the streets we're respecting
their First Amendment rights but we're
the home of dr. Martin Luther King
and the only thing that I ask is that
they not check for freeways that's
everybody that's your mom my family your
families and dr. King would never take a
freeway I understand that this is just
this generations protest but during the
civil rights movement they spent more
time on making sure that everybody got
home safe as they did and they actual
protests itself and so let's just let
this be the best version of ourselves so
dr. King would never have taken a
freeway said mayor Reed at the time
professor there it's just hard to even
know where to begin I mean probably the
most iconic event right the Selma to
Montgomery March what is that right the
Montgomery bus boycott it's not taking
afraid but it's absolutely disruptive
it's meant to be disruptive it's
supposed it's been to both disrupt the
functioning of the bus company but also
shortly after they began to boycott the
buses they also that Christmas boycott
stores it's meant to shut it's meant to
say there can be no business as usual
and so part of I think the danger of
these Mis histories the danger of this
fable is the ways then it's used to shut
down sort of conversation and protest
you know in this constant wishing you
know Mike Huckabee sang in firt you know
to Ferguson protesters you know that he
wished he would be they would be more
like MLK and in my head I'm thinking you
know be careful what you wish for
because you know they are right and you
don't and this and you don't like it
right it is disruptive it is
uncomfortable it is relentless it
doesn't it's not just injustice exposed
as injustice change that's not how the
civil rights movement actually preceded
it was injustice exposed and exposed and
exposed and exposed and and you move the
needle slowly slowly slowly slowly and
you talk also about the sort of this
selective recollection of what the civil
rights movement stood for clearly with
dr. King it was more about his
insistence on equal rights and it was
about his his uh his railing against him
in equality or his his attacks on
militarism and war and you also in your
previous book the rebellious life of
mrs. Rosa Parks talk about what's left
out of the stories about Rosa Parks as
well absolutely I mean one of the ways
that I've come to see the Montgomery bus
boycott is as much about criminal
justice as it is about bus segregation
because this is December 1955 when she
makes her bus stand in August of 1955
Emmett Till gets lynched this case gets
much more attention than many of the
cases that Montgomery activists like
Rosa Parks because Rosa Parks had been
active for more than a decade by this
point around cases like Emmett Till's
and with him until they get enough
attention to get an indictment four days
before she's gonna make her bus stand
she goes to a huge mass meeting at
King's Church Dexter Avenue Baptist
Church because the lead organizer in the
Till case has come to town because the
two men have just been acquitted so they
get an indictment right and again Emmett
Till is a 14 year old boy who went to
the summer I went to the South for the
summer his mom Mamie till sent him there
to be out of Chicago and he's lynched by
a white mob he's lynched by and by two
men right before making a comment to a
white woman and these two men because of
the attention to the case actually are
indicted and stand trial but then they
are acquitted and so the organizer has
come to Montgomery to tell people that
they have to keep the faith and keep
pushing on this and Rosa Parks is there
et Nixon as their King is there they're
all there and the anger and the sadness
right that this case which seemed like
the possibility to get justice still no
justice and so I I think we cannot
understand what happens four days later
both why she makes her stand she talks
about thinking about Emmett Till but
also why Montgomery's community is in a
breaking point at that point and why we
see a boycott sort of flower after that
and so I think that part of the story
right that this is about criminal
justice and segregation then her life
continued right she's forced to leave
memory shortly after the Montgomery bus
boycott she'll spend more of her life in
the North in Detroit fighting the racism
of the Jim Crow North right she's an
early opponent of the war in Vietnam
she's talking about alongside many other
Detroit activists right poverty income
inequality segregation Urban Renewal
police brutality Rosa Parks will serve
on a people's tribunal after the 1967
Detroit uprising because of the police
brutality during the uprising and
because of the police killings of three
young men at the Alger's motel that
police are not indicted for those
murders the newspapers aren't following
the case and so the people of Detroit
the convene a people's tribunal to hold
the cops accountable Rosa Parks serves
on the jury of that tribunal alongside
black sort of an emerging black power
movement so her life her political life
is far more expansive I think then we
then the kind of one day on the bus the
title of your book Jean Theo Harris is a
more beautiful and terrible history
explain so the title is taken from James
Baldwin talked to teachers where he says
American history is longer larger more
various more beautiful and more terrible
than anything anyone has ever said about
it and I chose this title because
certainly reckoning with this history is
more terrible it is more sober it is
more uncomfortable it asks things of us
today but it is also I think more
beautiful right when you see what people
did when you see the power of kind of
grassroots organizing when you see how
courageous the courage was right it's
more beautiful and I think it gives us
much more for where we are today and the
lesson about why there's such an attempt
to sanitize this history and this is car
clean it up for people to digest I mean
I think partly because it it does offer
so much I talked in one of the chapters
about the activism of high school
students right from the high school
students strike in Prince Edward County
led by 15 year old Barbara John's that
becomes one of the
cases in brown to the walkouts in la
black and Chicano students walk out in
LA in 1968 to protest conditions in
school to protest the sort of not enough
black and Latino history in school to
protest policing in school to protest
the lack of college classes in school
when you see that right many of these
problems we face today and you look at
high school students right leading the
way on that right and you see and I
think that gives us a much more fertile
kind of starting point for where we
where we go from here
but I think that's part of why I mean if
we only see the leaders as adults if we
only see the leaders as having to be
charismatic speakers right that doesn't
leave a place at the table for most of
us and when you see that leaders came of
all ages right tweens to 80s right when
you see it's men and women when you see
its welfare recipients public housing
residents church ladies right the whole
gamut right there's a lot I think
there's a lot more to give us in terms
of sort of where where we struggle today
you talk about how black lives matter
activists are compared unfavorably to
civil rights leaders and you talk
specifically also about John Lewis we
started as a young young man in that
march from Selma to Montgomery the first
march over the bridge King was not there
and he had his head bashed in right and
I mean I think one of the things that
you see when you look at the civil
rights movement is sort of groups like
snick right made up of young people
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee right some sort of adults in
the community are welcoming this
militancy Ella Baker Rosa Parks right
but many adults are very scared anxious
trepidatious about snick about this
young people organizing fifty and sixty
years ago right so I you know I think we
also see the echoes of the kinds of
criticisms and and many snick former
snick members put out a statement making
the continuities between snick and black
lives matter clear precisely because
many of the criticisms in the black
lives matter where criticism that they
had faith fifty years ago your
criticisms of the King Memorial in
Washington DC
a a couple of things if you if you've
seen the King memorial he towers over us
right he he makes he's he's sort of
unapproachable there are quotes all
around not a single quote mentions
racism race segregation if you were to
like come in from Mars and land you
would think he was sort of all about
peace and love right and the kind of
fundamental questions of race and racism
and racial inequality right that he
spoke about over and over and over right
