this is democracy now I meani Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez we turn now to the
latest developments in the case of
longtime USA gymnastics team dr. Larry
Nasser who last week was sentenced to up
to a hundred and seventy five years in
prison for sexually assaulting and
abusing more than 160 young female
athletes including Olympic gold
medalists and under the guise of
providing medical treatment at Michigan
State University from 1997 until 2016
the university has faced widespread
accusations of failing to investigate
the accusations against him now the
entire board of directors of USA
Gymnastics is resigning and Michigan
State University athletic director Mark
Hollis has announced he also is retiring
only days after the president of
Michigan State University Lou Anna Simon
resigned and amid mounting questions
about whether the University Nord
reports of dr. Nassir zaboo's meanwhile
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette
announced he has launched an
investigation of Michigan State
University where NASA was a faculty
member and physician at an on-campus
clinic
this is shooty speaking Saturday that a
full and complete investigation of what
happened at Michigan State University
from the president's office down is
required now this investigation is and
will continue to be independent it will
be thorough it will be transparent and
it will be prompt I don't need advice
from the board of trustees at MSU about
how to conduct an investigation frankly
they should be the last ones to be
providing advice given their conduct
throughout this entire episode their
conduct throughout this entire episode
speaks for itself
this comes after dr. nasir was sentenced
last week to up to 175 years in prison
by Michigan Judge roll
Bree oculina following a week of
blistering statements in court by 156 of
his victims including Olympic gold medal
wing gymnast Aly Raisman Simone biles
Jordyn Wieber and other female athletes
the women accused Nasser of abuse
including exposing himself in front of
them rubbing his genitals against their
bodies and penetrating their vaginas
with his fingers this is Rachel den
Hollander the first woman to publicly
accuse Larry Nasser of sexual abuse
speaking in court how much is a little
girl worth how much is a young woman
worth Larry is a hardened and determined
sexual predator I know this firsthand at
age 15 when I suffered from chronic back
pain Larry sexually assaulted me
repeatedly under the guise of medical
treatment for nearly a year he did this
with my own mother in the room carefully
and perfectly obstructing her view so
that she would not know what he was
doing his ability to gain my trust and
the trust of my parents his grooming and
carefully calculated brazen sexual
assault was the result of deliberate
premeditated intentional and
mythological patterns of abuse patterns
that were rehearsed long before I walked
through Larry's exam room door and which
continued to be perpetrated I believe on
a daily basis for 16 more years until I
filed the police report Larry is the
most dangerous type of abuser one who is
capable of manipulating his victims
through coldly calculated grooming
methodologies presenting the most
wholesome and caring external persona as
a deliberate means to ensure a steady
stream of young children to assault and
while Larry is unlikely to live past his
federal sentence he is not the only
predator out there and this sentence
will send a message about how seriously
abuse will be taken so I ask how much is
a little girl worth
Larry Nasser pleaded guilty to sexual
assault charges during a sentencing
judge Aquilino told dr. nasir quote I've
just signed your death warrant Nasser
has already been sentenced to 60 years
in prison after being convicted of child
pornography charges in the set
case Congress also is investigating the
matter the House of Representatives
investigation will examine allegations
of sexual harassment by officials and
other sports including swimming and
Taekwondo well for more we're joined by
mark Alecia a reporter with the
investigative team at the Indianapolis
Star that broke the story about dr.
nasir sexual abuse of gymnast his team
also hoped expose USA Gymnastics failure
to report allegations of sexual abuse by
coaches to authorities Alicia's most
recent piece what's next for USA
gymnastics a long tough road at best
welcome to Democracy Now mark I mean I
think people around the country are just
reeling from the story how is it
conceivable that this went on for
decades one doctor at Michigan State and
clearly you show it goes beyond that
what is your what is your assessment of
how many mothers and their daughters
families had leveled complaints against
him as he abused so many believed at
least a hundred and sixty young women
well over it's going as far back as 1997
I believe it was gymnast did go to
adults and to report the abuse and
nothing happened
gymnast went to police and nothing
happened gymnast went to Michigan states
title 9 office and nothing happened
gymnast went to the gymnastics coach at
Michigan State University and nothing
happened and so the the women who said
that they didn't think they'd be
believed if they came forward anyway
were probably right and then for the
rest these survivors talked about this
charismatic doctor who was a con man I'm
a manipulator who groomed girls as with
with his Olympic experience and using
his fame to gain trust and the girls and
now women soften
that they were uncomfortable with what
he was doing but they thought to
themselves if the great Larry Nasser's
doing it you know who am I to say it's
wrong and so it continued and but it is
important to note there were people who
came forward and there were adults who
failed these children and probably could
have stopped the spectacle that we saw
the last two weeks in on Michigan Court
and I'm wondering if you could talk
about again that what the why this
happened
clearly USA Gymnastics has a huge
profile in Olympic sports was it the
very fear that this money machine this
is a enormous ly influential a sport
would be somehow or other scandalized
that made a lot of these officials seek
to to keep this information down or look
away from what these women were saying
because I'm reminded for much of the
Penn State situation in the scandal of
Penn State was Penn State football Joe
Paterno was like the god of sports in
Pennsylvania and of course one of his
assistants was abusing the athletes well
what we found was a culture of fear
really a culture of secrecy throughout
USA Gymnastics not only at the elite
level but even moving down to the club
level gymnastics is a judged sport it's
not like track and field where of the
top three finishers and 100 meters goes
to the Olympics power at USA gymnastics
was concentrated in very few people and
women who had worked their entire lives
worked very hard their entire lives
fought through injuries for a chance to
be on the Olympic team didn't want to
ruffle any feathers another problem is
the Olympic team the gymnastics Olympic
team is chosen by committee it's not
chosen by the scores there
awarded at the Olympic Trials they do
have an Olympic Trials but a committee
makes the decision so the message is
clear that you don't you don't ruffle
feathers or maybe you'll find yourself
off the Olympic team but it goes even
further down than that as a judged sport
maybe somebody doesn't want to ruffle
feathers of a judge who might be judging
a mid level gymnastics meet
it's it's a situation where a lot of
these gymnastics club owners they're
small businessmen they didn't want their
there their clubs associated with child
sexual abuse so coaches were often just
fired and told to just go away and some
of them went from Club to club to club
and continued abusing little girls mark
I just wanted to ask you could you talk
about how you came on to this story
because actually your investigative team
as often happens in investigative
projects was looking at another aspect
more of how coaches were abusing
athletes and then suddenly someone came
forward and changed the direction of
your investigation yes my colleague
Marissa quit Kowski received a tip about
a port case in a small town in southern
Georgia where USA Gymnastics was being
sued and accused of negligence by a
woman who had been abused by a coach the
coach years earlier had been on USA
Genet or should have been on USA
Gymnastics radar after it received
complaints about him including one that
said somebody do something about this
guy or he's going to rape someone from
that court case there were a lot of
documents that we were able to follow to
develop the story we work probably six
months on a story with also with my
colleague Tim Evans we published on
August 4th 2016 a story basically saying
that USA Gymnastics did not report all
complaints of abuse to authorities
immediately which of course is is what
you should do that morning mid morning
day of publication we received an email
from Rachel den Hollander and she said I
don't know if this is gonna apply to
what you're doing I was abused by a
doctor at USA Gymnastics not a coach and
she invited us to her home in Louisville
my colleagues and I split up the various
tips I happen to to get Rachel to follow
up on I went down to Louisville with
photographer Robert Scheer and what we
found was pretty much what the world saw
when Rachel spoke last week stay home
mother of three all five and under a
lawyer very well-spoken very organized
and diligent and we thought very sincere
and so from that we wrote a story that
also included a lawsuit a civil lawsuit
that was filed anonymously in California
the person who filed that later came out
as olympian day meet Jamie dancer so
after that we were well we received a
lot of criticism from people who
supported Nasser and they let us know it
but there were also a lot of survivors
who came forward maybe 10 or 15 in the
first two or three weeks and then it
just snowballed into the spectacle that
we saw last week with the searing
testimony of a hundred fifty six girls I
mean it was just astounding I think they
were going to have 60 and then the
number just snowballed perhaps the most
well-known of the women to speed out
against Larry Nasser some called him
Nasser other said Nasser was Olympic
gold medalist
this is part of her testifying in court
I am here to face you Larry so you can
see I've regained my strength but I'm no
longer a victim I'm a survivor now is
the time to acknowledge that the very
person who sits here before us now who
perpetrated the worst epidemic of sexual
abuse in the history of sports who is
going to be locked up for a long long
time this monster was also the architect
of policies and procedures that are
supposed to protect athletes from sexual
abuse abusers your time is up the
survivors are here standing tall and we
are not going anywhere during her
testimony the Olympic gold medalist Aly
Raisman also attack USA Gymnastics in
the US Olympic Committee for allowing
the sexual abuse to continue for decades
started 30 years ago but that's just the
first reported incident we know of if
over these many years just one adult
listened and had the courage and
character to act this tragedy could have
been avoided
neither USA Gymnastics nor the USOC have
reached out to express sympathy or even
offer support not even to ask how did
this happen what do you think we can do
to help
why have I and others here probably not
heard anything from the leadership at
the USOC why has the United States
Olympic Committee been silent gold
medalist Aly Raisman I want to turn now
to Donna Markham who testified in court
against dr. Larry Nasser she is the
mother a former gymnast Chelsea Markham
who was sexually abused by dr. nasir
when she was 10 years old Chelsea went
on to commit suicide in 2009 and 2009
she took her own life because she
couldn't deal with the pain anymore
it'll be 10 years of March they lost my
baby she was 23 years old she would have
been 33 now
and every day I miss her everyday and it
all started with him it all started with
him and just became worse as the years
went by until she couldn't do it anymore
Donna Markham the mom of Chelsea Markham
who took her own life after being
sexually abused by Nasser years after
that as we wrap up Marc Alicia the judge
in this case a fierce advocate for the
women judge Rosemarie aqua Lena cleared
her docket to allow more than 150 women
to testify and also became very
controversial when she said I would
allow some or many people to do to him
what he did to others can you just speak
about her and where this all leads well
yes she certainly has come under some
criticism for how she conducted the
sentencing hearing but as someone who is
there and knows some of the survivors it
it was a situation where there was
healing because of what she did allowing
all these women to speak and to confront
Nasser and I think that those two weeks
catapulted this into people's
consciousness I mean our reporting has
been out there for quite some time and
it took this a woman after woman after
woman bravely giving burying their souls
and get in giving this searing testimony
to get people's attention now as for the
future USA Gymnastics has to move
forward with an entirely new board
they've lost a lot of their sponsors and
one of the people we spoke to for our
story yesterday said that even if they
implemented every the exact right rules
and the right policies as fast as
possible sponsors are still going to sit
back and want to look and see how how
it's going so that will take a while and
even if they do
that this this person said they better
have a good public relations strategy
going in to explain to the public why
they're investing in USA Gymnastics well
others be criminally charged for
covering up that remains to be seen i
michigan you know as you reported
earlier Michigan's Attorney General is
going to be investigating the actions of
Michigan State so far as far as we know
USA Gymnastics has only had a person it
hired to come in to evaluate policies
and has not been criminally investigated
although I suppose it's possible some
things going on behind the scenes that
we don't know about Marc Alicia want to
thank you for being with us reporter
with the investigative team at the
Indianapolis Star which broke the story
in 2016 about dr. nasir sexual abuse of
gymnast his team also helped expose USA
Gymnastics failure to report allegations
of sexual abuse by coaches to
authorities and we'll link to your
latest piece what's next for USA
Gymnastics a long tough road at best
this is democracy now when we come back
a new question on the 2020 census are
you a US citizen stay with us
