[Music]
this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
we're talking to the legendary civil
rights human rights activist and
journalist
Charlayne hunter-gault and I would want
to begin part two of our conversation by
turning to another legendary figure John
Lewis it was in 2013 that we sat down
with the many term Democratic Congress
member from Georgia leader of the civil
rights movement served as chair of the
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee helped organize the Freedom
Rides interesting that with the Freedom
Rides
his elders I believe including dr. King
were saying this is not the moment we
don't want you riding through the south
at this point that the young people took
charge John Lewis was also the youngest
speaker at the 1963 march on Washington
and I asked him about the remarkable
speech that he delivered on that day
August 28 1963 and he talked about some
of the controversy because a Phillip
Randolph dr. King and others said he had
to water down that speech he had to tone
it down this is what John Lewis said I
was asked to change the speech some
people thought the speech was too
radical too militant I thought it was a
speech for the occasion it represented
the people that we were working with
some people didn't like to use the word
revolution of the use of the phrase
black masters a filler Randolph came to
my rescue and so it's not anything wrong
with the use revolution I use it myself
sometime it's not anything would like
masses so we kept applaud in this speech
but near the end of the speech it says
something like if we do not see
meaningful progress here today the day
may come when we force the Moi's to
dissolve that we Sherman did
non-violently and people thought we can
make a reference to Sir me
and so we deleted that that's John Lewis
this is the acclaimed actor and activist
Danny Glover reading extra for the
speech that John Lewis did not deliver
he did give a speech but this is a part
of what he wasn't allowed to say at the
march on Washington saying be patient
and wait we must say that patience is a
dirty and nasty word we cannot be
patient we do not want to be free
gradually we want our freedom and we
want it now we want our freedom and we
want it now Danny Glover reading John
Lewis the edited excerpt the part that
didn't get on in that speech where dr.
King gave his I have a dream speech and
John Lewis gave his edited speech
Charlayne hunter-gault your thoughts on
this and the role of young people in
activism even buck bucking they're very
respected elders within the movement
well let me just say that there were a
lot of elders who supported us I
remember that a lot when I would go home
to Atlanta on the weekend from Athens
about 73 miles away and the students who
called themselves the committee on
appeal for Human Rights would have been
demonstrating getting arrested going to
jail and on the weekends when there was
no activity we party but we'd party with
the older people in with us who who were
supporting us so it wasn't the case that
every but every adult didn't support us
there were a lot who did but then there
were those who didn't and I think about
sixteen-year-old Brenda Travis in McComb
Mississippi at the time a lot of the
young civil rights activists were bit
older and will concern for the safety of
the younger people the high school
students but Brenda Travis said no I
want to be a part of this she sat in at
the Greyhound bus station she was
arrested she was she was actually
treated worse than a lot of the older
civil rights workers she was sent to
farm school but she never gave up she
stayed out there and that's what I think
about when I see these young people from
the Florida high school there is
precedent for that there is history to
what they're doing today and I think
that if they they may have reacted to
the tragedy of the moment but one of the
things that I think will help them stand
the test of time and challenges is the
history because I think of the kind of
history of Brenda Travis and John Lewis
and Martin Luther King and Julian Bond
and my friend Carolyn long banks from
Atlanta who was a part of that movement
whom I invited to come to the University
of Georgia when I spoke there the other
day when I think of the sacrifice but
the commitment and the dedication that
they had they wore armor and part of
their armor that protected them even in
those trying difficult circumstances was
the history history that goes all the
way back to the founding of his country
and the Constitution and then the
changes that had to be made to include
better equal rights for everybody that
came along some years later so you know
history I think will help them stay on
course for their goals and speaking of
young people
charlayne we just got word that in
Montgomery the city will honor and
celebrate civil rights activist
Claudette Colvin today about nine months
before Rosa Parks it was Claudette
Colvin who refused to give up her seat
to a white passenger on a Montgomery bus
she was arrested March 2nd 1955 if you
remember in Rosa Parks it was in
December of 1955 because Colvin was just
15 at the time the n-double-a-cp did not
go with her at the time but we got to
speak to her in our studios about her
refusal to give up her seat to a white
person helping to spark the historic
Montgomery bus boycott her legal
challenge was the one that went all the
way to the Supreme Court the case that
led
the court to order an end to bus these
bus segregation in Alabama Claudette
described what happened when the police
came to haul her off the bus then you
get up when the bus driver asks you and
the policeman I said I could not move
because history to the seat how is that
I say because it felt like Sojourner
Truth hands were pushing me down on one
shoulder and Harriet Tubman hands were
pushing me down on another shoulder and
I could not move and I yell out it's my
constitutional rights that was Claudette
Colvin if you Charlayne hunter-gault
could talk about actually the role that
Claudette Colvin 15 at the time and then
of course Rosa Parks who was older but
that was just what six years before five
years before you engaged in your
historic act desegregating the
University of Georgia the impact of each
movement on the next and we can take it
right through to today with the students
well to be sure I mean by the time we
applied Hamilton and I in 1959 as you
just pointed out there had been
precedent in in other states and Georgia
was a little bit behind but there was an
activist group of people including a
Clark College the historically black car
Clark College a professor English
professor there by the name of Carl
Holman and several of the Atlanta
businessmen medical doctors got together
they were a part of an organization
called the Atlanta Committee for
cooperative action and they decided that
Atlanta's time had come and that's when
they approached Hamilton and me we were
the tops two of the top students at our
school too and asked if we would be
interested in applying to the University
of Georgia and as you pointed out
earlier I was very interested because it
the one school in the state that had a
journalism program and Hamilton loved
Morehouse College where he initially
started while the case made its way up
through the courts but Georgia had all
of the facilities again that our parents
taxes paid for so we were very
interested and when we first the first
school we they wanted us to apply to was
Georgia State and we went downtown and
what's interesting is that we were so
well educated in our historically black
schools again because of the history
that we had been taught we didn't have
first-class citizenship but our parents
and our teachers had given us the
first-class sense of ourselves so when
we went down to look at Georgia State
and looked at the limited curriculum for
both of us Hamilton was the one who said
no I want to go there and he pointed
towards Athens Georgia and the adults
who had gone with us were a little bit
taken aback because they were concerned
that they didn't have any security for
us there but then they said how can we
deny them and that's how we that's how
we got started but it was our history
that gave us a sense as I said a sense
of ourselves as being first class
citizens and we weren't gonna accept
anything less I think that was the case
with the other students you talked about
journalism and you started early you
were writing for the red and black the
college paper but can you talk about how
segregation affected you doing that and
then also talk about working as a
reporter for the Atlanta Inquirer where
the renowned civil rights champion
Julian Bond who we lost not so long ago
was the managing editor yes well I'd
never wrote for the red and black I
volunteered but the university itself
was still segregated I mean they kept
the the the lunchroom segregated for as
long as they could so that there were
things around the campus that were not
really that open to us and
like the bowling alley was in the town
of Athens the the where the weather
students went for bowling and so asin's
was still segregated so there was no
work for me I used to sit around there
and I finally got tired of sitting
around and Julian Bond and Carl Holman
whom I mentioned earlier had started a
little upstart black newspaper to cover
the activities of the students because
the black newspaper here again was a
situation where you had a black
newspaper the oldest in the country the
Atlanta Daily world but it had a lot of
white advertisers and so it didn't cover
the students if it did it wasn't
sympathetically and the same with the
white newspapers Atlanta
journal-constitution so this paper
started and specifically in the
beginning to cover the student movement
so I worked there with them and Carl
holmen's baseman on the black side of
town and the students would demonstrate
in the morning be arrested by noon or
1:00 o'clock or so and then get bailed
out in the afternoon and then come to
the basement and tell us the stories and
I would write them up and then they
started a pro jail without bail so that
they could officially challenge the
separate and unequal laws and so then I
would I spread out into the into the
town into Atlanta doing other stories
like how the schools there was still
segregated and so while there was there
was a high school David D Howard high
school and it was overcrowded and so
they built they they set up you know
almost like railway cars for the
spillover students who then had to walk
from Howard High School past the white
school that was virtually empty to go
into these overcrowded and uncomfortable
temporary cars facilities and so I wrote
about that and I got empowered first as
a journalist talking to important people
when I called the white school
superintendent her name was I Ruggiero
and I said I'm Charlene hunter from the
Atlanta and
and somebody said hold on a minute I
never really expected her to come to the
phone and sure enough she came to the
phone so that was a real empowerment for
me that you know journalists can be
servants of the people and have people
in in in positions of responsibility
respond you have to press then as well
as now regardless of you know the things
you get called when you try to do that
you know Charlayne hunter-gault you went
on to win many prizes Emmys and other
major journalistic prizes working for
NPR for PBS the NewsHour working for CNN
you worked out of South Africa for years
you come back to this country and I
wanted to end by asking you about a
report marking the 50th anniversary of
the landmark Kerner commission which
famously concluded the u.s. was moving
toward two societies one black one white
separate and unequal well the new report
found civil rights gains of the past
half century have halted and in some
cases really move back for example
poverty deep poverty for kids moving
from 15% what fifty years ago to 21%
today talk about how far we've come or
how far we have regressed well as you
can see from my own history I've had
tremendous success in my work as a
journalist and there's so many other
people who have moved up to places where
they never expected they would be back
in those early days so we have a real
strong group of people who have
progressed african-americans who have
progressed in this system thanks to the
laws of this country but as Julian Bond
told me when I first was working for The
New Yorker back in the mid-60s he came
to New York to make a talk to give a
talk and he told people you can't stop
fighting you have to go back to your
communities and work there despite the
fact that some people have kept on
keepin on as we used to say back in the
day it
I think we got a little bit complacent
when we saw some of the progress that
was being made and so I think that new
movements are starting you have the
women's movement you which includes
African American women you have the
movement that emerged in Hollywood you
have all of these new movements that are
gonna pick up the baton because for a
while there I think we got a little
complacent and the things that you've
just cited are things that should
energize people who believe in this
country who believe in its greatness and
want to keep it great but it takes work
I remember I'm interviewed Madeleine
Albright once and someone had criticized
something that the United States had not
done according to its constitutional
promise and Madeleine honey don't you
know democracy is messy and so you know
you have to keep on keeping on as again
as we used to say back in the day I mean
it's troubling to me that given the
experience you cited and I talked about
a few minutes ago where I walked into a
campus more than 50 years ago when
students were yelling ugly words at me
and calling me the n-word and all that
and you're hearing that on campuses
today and I think that's a failure of
our educational system it's a failure to
teach our history they've been reports
by the Southern Poverty Law Center that
a slavery in its reality is not being
taught in our schools today and so we
have a lot of work to do in our messy
democracy but they're people like you
Amy who look who reveals stories that of
of justice denied and there are other
people who are reporting news that is
not fake but that points to the work
that has yet to be done and I just hope
I have a fellowship at University of
Georgia that I've started called giving
voice to the voiceless in which we're
trying to raise a half a million dollars
to get students going to play
to award them grants to go to places to
give voice to the voiceless and that too
is a way of energizing a new generation
because their time has come well
Charlayne hunter-gault we want to thank
you so much for being with us the public
broadcasting legend whose journalism
career has ranged from The New Yorker to
NPR PBS CNN currently special
correspondent for the PBS Newshour on a
series called race matters looking at
solutions to racism
Charlayne hunter-gault is also civil
rights activist and leader and yes in
1961 one of two African American
students who made their way through Klan
country walked on to the University of
Georgia to desegregate it we will link
to your piece and the New Yorker that
you just wrote headlines surviving
school desegregation and finding hope
and never again on this day March 2nd
sixty-three years ago in Montgomery
Alabama Claudette Colvin a 15 year old
teenager sat down on a bus and refused
to get up for a white passenger nine
months before Rosa Parks and we will
also post online at democracynow.org our
extended interview over the next few
days that I did with Charlayne
hunter-gault as well as the interview
that we did with Claudette Colvin in our
studio here describing her experience
