this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
funerals are being held across Gaza
today after Israeli forces killed at
least 61 unarmed protesters Monday and
the deadliest day since residents of
Gaza began a series of nonviolent
protests six weeks ago at the Gaza
border
2,700 Palestinian protesters were also
injured Monday's Massacre came on the
same day as the opening of the US
Embassy in Jerusalem today Palestinians
across the occupied territories have
launched a general strike to mark 70
years since the Nakba or catastrophe
when hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians were forcibly expelled from
their homes after the State of Israel
was formed on Monday the Palestinian
permanent observer to the United Nations
Riyad Mansour condemned Israel's actions
of course this Massacre is taking place
at the same time when the United States
of America illegally and unilaterally
and in a provocative way is opening its
embassy it is very very tragic that
they're celebrating an illegal action
while Israel is killing and injuring
thousands of Palestinian civilians this
is the life of the Palestinian people
and those who think that opening the
embassy open doors to peace let them
look at what is really happening in the
Gaza Strip is killing 45 civilians and
injuring 2,000 would be helpful to open
doors for peace or is it deepening the
resentment and atmosphere of hatred
between people instead of moving in the
direction of peace meanwhile in
Washington White House deputy press
secretary Raj Shah called the deaths of
the Palestinians propaganda he made the
comment in response to a question from a
reporter Jarrett who shared his feet
pointed finger
they were responsible for violence but
given the fact that it's only
Palestinians are being killed should
Israel play well as I said earlier we
believe Hamas bears the responsibility
but this is a propaganda attempt I mean
this is a gruesome and unfortunate
propaganda attempt I think the Israeli
government has spent weeks trying to
handle this without violence and 450
meters from the wall and we're faced
with sniper attack I mean is the White
House in denial and split spring reality
if it's occurring again we believe that
Hamas is responsible for we begin
today's show in Gaza where we're joined
by Democracy Now correspondent Sharif
Abdel kouddous he's a puffin fellow at
the nation Institute welcome to
Democracy Now Sharif you were right
there on the front line in Gaza where
the in front of the border between
Israel and Gaza 61 people the Israeli
military killed yesterday describe what
happened 2700 others injured that's
right a me I mean we're on the spot just
east of Gaza City where the most
casualties took place 27 people were
killed here according to the Ministry of
Health and it was a scene of chaos in
many ways with burning tires tear gas
young men throwing rocks and these kites
flying over but you have to understand
that the sniper bullets don't come in
quick succession it's not a barrage of
fire it's methodical its patience its
precise you hear a shot and someone
falls down then his bloodied body is
carried away you wait a few minutes you
hear another shots and another body
falls and that's how a thousand three
hundred and fifty people were shot
yesterday slowly by Israel and and the
death toll now has gone to over 60 the
the number of injured is 2700 and over
2,700
and there was funerals of course
yesterday and today today I went to the
house of Layla el Condor who is an 8
month year old baby you have to
understand also there's you know this is
a very large space and there's the front
line and you can just see kind of behind
me I'll just point in the background now
there's some youths burning tires and
just on your left you'll see some mounds
and those sand mounds are where Israeli
sniper nests are you I don't know if you
can see the canopies or not there's a
much much smaller turnout today very few
people have actually come today and we
can talk about that in a little bit but
so that's where a lot of the people were
shot were kind of closer to the border
area but many people were shot not close
and many people were killed far away as
well so where I am standing people were
shot and killed
and later Honduran 820 old child was
probably around where I was according to
her family her her uncle was holding her
in his arms they were watching from far
away what was going on and an Israeli
drone came above them and dropped tear
gas in the area where they were and she
eventually died of suffocation she
turned blue they took her to the
Children's Hospital initially and then
she died there they took her to ship
hospital but couldn't revive her and of
course there was wails of grief today in
the house as her small body was wrapped
in a Palestinian flag and taken out of
the house to the graveyard there's also
yes in October see 24-year old young man
like so many young men here who couldn't
find work was unemployed came every week
every Friday to the protest here to his
family says to express his rights and to
make to send his message to the world
that Gaza needs to be free he was shot
they said about a hundred yards away
from the border fence and the shot hit
him in the right eye and he died on the
spot and there's also a less ofed who
is 25 years old she was actually shot
the day before very far away so you know
near one of the main tents she was hit
in the stomach and she's now fighting
for her life and she actually has a
speech impediment the result of her
mother when she was pregnant with her
inhaling a lot of tear gas 25 years ago
here in Gaza which caused complications
with the pregnancy so she was injured
you know in the womb and now she's
fighting for her life 25 years later but
after being struck with a bullet we went
to Shifa Hospital later in the day when
the crowd started to leave and it was
just a scene of utter chaos that the
hospital itself was just bursting at the
scenes at the seams this is the largest
Hospital in Gaza and there was blood you
know the the floor was slippery with
blood there was just just dozens and
dozens of men and boys shot many of them
in their legs wincing and screaming in
pain I spoke to a doctor who had worked
there for 17 years and he said he had
never seen a day like this the
Palestinian Red Crescent had deployed 58
ambulances yesterday in Gaza and it
wasn't enough to carry the wounded they
started using their administrative cars
to ferry people back and forth to two
hospitals and then try and give them
care sure it was really a devastating
day Sherif go ahead I wanted to ask you
in terms of the of the the distance
between the line of Israeli soldiers and
the actual protesters could you give us
a sense of how far apart they are
because obviously Israelis claiming that
they're that they're their soldiers are
in danger they're also claiming that
Hamas is using the protests to insert
armed fighters into into Israeli
territory could you respond to those
claims as well from what you can tell
well let me just let me just show you
what what it looks like so just over
here to my right you can see these the
borders right there and if I don't know
if you can see this mountain the
cameraman should be focusing on one of
them and that's where the snipers are
so there's three sets of fences there's
three sets of fences barbed wire that's
that's set up and then two more and then
the main fence and then you have these
you know these snipers they're so many
of the people who are approaching and
getting close they'll get really close
to the first piece of barbed wire a lot
of them try and put hooks on it and pull
it away they fling using slings and
slingshots they try and fire on the
soldiers but I would say most of those
people are more than you know fifty
yards away and they're throwing rocks at
at these soldiers some people do manage
to cross they they cross in but even
then no one is it has any we're gonna
they have either a Molotov cocktail or a
rock and and really it's very hard to
imagine how any of them pose an imminent
threat to life to any soldier and the
evidence of this is that not a single
soldier has been injured so and and
honestly you know a lot of these people
who are shots as I mentioned before were
in shots up at the fence a large number
were I myself saw when I approached near
the first set of barbed wire people
being shot just standing there someone
was shot where I'm standing right now
who was just facing and looking so you
know there's a lot of talk of this being
clashes and so forth but but there
wasn't really cautious there was no real
threats to the other side as far as I
could see
Joe Shareef can you talk about this
coming together of today the 70th
anniversary of what's known as the Nakba
and if you can explain that word and
Arabic for catastrophe and the opening
of the US Embassy in Jerusalem that sort
of ceremonial because in fact it's not
opening there right now it remains in
Tel Aviv as they build it right today is
70th anniversary
- what Palestinians refer to as the
Nakba nakooma an Arabic means
catastrophe
and in marked the moment when you know
something like 720 or 750,000
Palestinians were forcibly displaced
from their homes to Gaza to here to the
West Bank and to countries like Lebanon
and Jordan and Syria and for 70 years
they have called for the right to return
there's a UN resolution that ensures
their right to return and for 70 years
they've been denied that right
there's 1.9 million Palestinians living
in Gaza right now one point three of
them are refugees they're recognized as
refugees by the United Nations there are
eight sprawling refugee camps here who
which have been here for decades and you
know so the right to return is something
that is at the very core of the
palestinian issue of the palestinian
national project of the palestinian
cause and that's why the you know this
they called these marches the marches
the great march of return and the idea
was to do is do a protest where they
walk up to the border and they said we
will implement our rights ourselves we
will cut the wires and we will cross
some people did in fact try and cut the
wires and they did cross and they would
quickly go back a lot of them were shot
when they did but this was an attempt
because after decades of negotiations
negotiations have brought them nothing
except a bigger prisons and more just
something of a garrison states that
they're living under not even a state so
this was a key issue why this began on
this all began on march 30th which is
land day in palestine and it has
continued every week and it's a lot of
these issues are coming together here
it's the 70th anniversary of what they
call the Nakba calling for the right of
return it's a transfer of the US Embassy
to Jerusalem and and the feeling that
there that the the Jerusalem becoming
the capital of Israel is trying to be
forcefully implemented and of course
it's about the siege in Gaza which has
gone on for 11 years and has made life
utterly intolerable here
and I mean Jerusalem is very important
to people here many of them have never
been to Jerusalem that can't go they
can't really go anywhere there many of
them have never left Gaza because the
borders are closed to them and so many
of them were walking to these borders in
this kind of protests but also the siege
has affected every aspect of life and
it's all of these things coming together
are the right of return the siege the
the regional politics that have given
birth to this movement which is not just
Hamas it includes Hamas it includes
Fatah it includes PFLP the main
political parties and includes broad
swaths of civil society it's an idea
that's been brewing for quite some time
now and they were hoping that it would
bring some kind of results in some kind
of change and cherif the plans for today
the general strike that has been called
the protests across now not only Gaza
but also throughout the West Bank are
they affected also by what took place
yesterday the Israeli military killing
61 people it looks like is the total at
this point again as you said shooting
over a thousand others injuring 2,700
people you're right I mean there was a
strike also yesterday and the strike is
continuing today but like I said the
numbers today are much much smaller I
mean it's actually the lowest turnout
I've seen there we didn't see buses
bringing in people at being organized
and bringing in people as we saw
yesterday we didn't hear on loudspeakers
out of mosques and cars that drive a
driver on the streets calling for people
to come out so there hasn't been the
same kind of mobilization efforts it's
unclear at this point why exactly if
negotiations are happening Ismail
Haniyeh Hamas leader went to Egypt and
apparently there's negotiations about
the opening of the Rafah border the only
border crossing in Gaza that's not
controlled by Israel it also may be the
level of violence has as quelled the
numbers here somewhat 61 people as I
said shot in this
slow and methodical way and so many more
injured and we're talking about the
injured you have to understand as I
mentioned yesterday
these are high-velocity bullets that
really caused terrible damage to the
body
the bones are pulverized there's massive
tissue damage these massive gaping
wounds and many of these people are
going to suffer long-term consequences
many of these people are going to be
disabled for the rest of their lives so
it really had a devastating effect and
again people here insists that this was
peaceful they you know it did it the
people did use rocks they did try and
fly these kites with these makeshift
burning items on the bottom some of them
felt that means some of them fell on on
this side of the border it really wasn't
a very effective technique but they
insisted this is peaceful resistance
because there are a lot of weapons in
Gaza the Hamas and other groups do have
rockets that they can fire but they did
but the decision was made by this
combined leadership not to use any
weapons not to fly any flags other than
the Palestinian flag not to have any
military uniforms and that was that here
- a hundred percent and so this was
supposed to be a different kind of
struggle in Gaza than once we've seen in
the past we're speaking to sure you have
no conduce Democracy Now correspondent
puffin fellow at the nation Institute
speaking to us from the frontlines in
Gaza when we come back we will broaden
this discussion will be going to
Jerusalem will be going to Sweden will
be speaking here in New York about this
70th anniversary of the Nakba the Arabic
word for catastrophe the expulsion or
forcing to flee hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians and the opening the
ceremonial opening of the u.s. embassy
in Jerusalem yesterday this is democracy
now back with you in a moment
