[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part two of our
remembrance of the life and legacy of
David McReynolds longtime pacifist and
socialist whom historian Howard Zinn and
many others have called a hero of the
anti-war movement
David McReynolds died on Friday at the
age of 88 for nearly four decades from
1960 to 1999 he was a staff member with
war resisters lead where he focused on
counter recruitment and helped organize
one of the first draft card burning as
and went on to play a key role in some
of the major demonstrations against the
Vietnam War he also campaigned for
nuclear disarmament in 1980 and 2000
David McReynolds ran for president as an
openly gay man on the Socialist Party
USA ticket we're gonna turn now to a
clip of a video made for his 80th
birthday by his friend Anthony Jackie
know in a high school at George
Washington High as a student I was
fascinated by current events and I
followed the war with enthusiasm with
fascination the map showing the Russian
retreat or advance where the Allied
forces were and I remember two headlines
one of them was one thousand bombers
make hamburger of Hamburg and another
was eight hundred bombers blast premon
Germany had been so devastated that they
couldn't cover all the damage
so then in 1951 I'm walking through
Germany and at first my reactions are
entirely politically correct I'm looking
at the destruction and realizing this
was the results of the capitalist drive
for power that the working class
suffered the most which is true that the
large business corporate structure was
back in business but it was seeing
Bremen
seeing the damage realizing I was the
kid who had been so enthusiastic about
the bombs falling and I'm seeing the
chaos the bombs had caused I really had
a profound genuine religious experience
and I went up to an old lady and now I
pointed at the ruins and I said I'm
sorry I'm sorry and I broke down the
nature of violence and war embraces both
sides it embraces both the Nazis and
what we did during World War two and it
was the point at which I really had an
insight into war I was the one who had
dropped the bombs that was David
McReynolds he died Friday at the age of
88 for more we continue our conversation
with two of David's longtime friends
here in New York at hedeman who is close
friend of David McReynolds starting the
70s the two worked together for decades
at the war resisters league on counter
recruitment and starmon campaigns and is
the author of the war resisters league
organizers manual also their book war
tax resistance a guide to withholding
your support from the military in 82 he
co-founded the national war tax
resistance Coordinating Committee which
still exists today and joining us by
Democracy Now video stream Jeremy
Scahill investigative journalist
co-founder of the intercept author of
the books Blackwater the rise of the
world's most powerful mercenary army
dirty Wars the world is a battlefield as
well as the oscar-nominated film by that
name we welcome you both to continue
this conversation that there you have
even McReynolds talking about pacifism
and what it meant him because he he
originally was fully for the bombing is
a very young man and Nazi of Nazi
Germany yes absolutely yeah that changed
him but it was that transition period
from about 1949 1951 that he was
profoundly moved by the destruction of
war and and was an active campaigner
well he was quite an organizer even
before that and other issues like the
prohibition party it was a member of
that but then then left and Socialist
Party war resisters League anti-nuclear
politics
David McReynolds was a longtime member
of the Socialist Party he ran for
Congress wented he ran for Congress in
1968 as a member of the Peace and
Freedom Party that Eldridge Cleaver I
believe was heading the ticket and he
also ran for president in 1980 and 2000
on the Socialist Party USA ticket as an
openly gay candidate for US Senate he
ran in 2004 in the Green Party yes this
is David McReynolds talking about how he
first became a socialist when he was a
student I came into the Socialist Party
partly because of poets like Kenneth
Patchen who would who were very powerful
in their poems no man can own what
belongs to all no man can live on all
our lied to I also became the socialist
for my economics plan class which is a
good professor explained that 3%
unemployment was the lowest you could
expect under capitalism and that was
necessary and I thought 3% unemployment
was too high but I became a socialist
because it struck me that capitalism was
a lousy system among other things that
made my father work as an advertising
man when he would have been much better
off doing something else he would have
preferred to be a minister he was a
devout Christian he was a Salesman
because he had to put bread on the table
for the family and it didn't
do good things for him to see what the
system had done to him what had had done
to so many people most of the work that
people do is pointless works and they do
it because they must earn a living to
provide food and I want a society where
the people are more able to work and
work hard but at jobs that they enjoy
and make a contribution to the world
around them and we don't live in that
kind of society that's another clip from
a video made for David McReynolds 80th
birthday by his friend Anthony chiquinho
Jeremy as you listen to David speaking
we are also watching him in his
apartment talk about both his philosophy
and knowing him in his Lower East Side
apartment I remember when my friend
Carmen trata I guess it would have been
in 1996 invited me to go over to David
McReynolds apartment on the Lower East
Side of York for an evening of he just
invited David would do this all the time
I'm sure ed has been if he's gatherings
many many times he would invite a kind
of eclectic interesting collection of
people and you know libations would be
consumed both drinking them and smoking
them and David's house was filled with
records and photographs and and papers
and papers and papers and you know he
still was using at times a typewriter or
a word processor although he later
became you know a very tenacious
correspondent operating a number of
listservs on various progressive causes
and always trying to connect people and
you know he also was an old-fashioned
guy as I said he loved records he was a
music aficionado he also was old school
he would make his own seltzer water with
a you know you buy the little canisters
and he wasn't using SodaStream or any
you know Israeli Apartheid goods and you
would sit there and you know David loved
to both facilitate serious discussion
but then also interject with something
incredibly witty or funny he was a
master and it's very difficult for
people to do this of using sarcasm not
at the expense of
the smaller people David definitely
employed sarcasm as a way of punching up
at the powerful and you know I think ed
and I would both be remiss if we didn't
mention that David had this incredible
artistic eye he was a really beautiful
amateur photographer both of movements
but also of nature I still have a
photograph that David took of this
flower this bright red flower that had
somehow emerged out of the rubble of a
you know industrial scene in New York
City I mean this was a guy who loved
people loved life but also knew that if
if the authoritarians take your ability
to laugh including it them away then
they win and and that's one of the sort
of things about David that I'll always
cherish is that he was honey he was
revealed he was a human he was a guy I
would say my political philosophy is not
perfect every political philosophy has
holes in it he he considered himself an
ongoing student and that's what I saw
the last time I met with him where I was
invited you know I sort of give a report
about Yemen that was what he was
spending his last moments in this world
working on was the latest horrid u.s.
genocide 'el war can you add to that
yeah well I like to emphasize his
photography I mean he really was a
photographer his entire life from the
1950s up until well when he was still
able to take photographs he has a
terrific collection which there are few
of his photos are up at McReynolds
photography dot org and the New York
Times obut had mentioned but he had some
terrific pictures from the 1950s of
historic people Martin Luther King by
Rustin and Rosa Parks Jayne Mansfield
David was a kook to let me do the
terrific cook he not only the seltzer
but he was famous for his hummus with a
lot of garlic in it but he did a lot
of terrific stuff in that regard he was
also a longtime member of the bromeliad
society and a key thing is he loved
animals absolutely loved animals cats
were the most important thing to him he
usually had about two cats with him at
all times it's shaman who had died just
shortly after David was taken out and
just to explain that David injected
shaman twice a day she was diabetic he
he was dying he was dying yeah twice a
day with insulin yes and so because
David fell and it's not clear how many
days he laid on the ground in his
apartment before he was discovered bra
shaman who had not been injected no
shaman had not been injected we don't
know for how long
shaman was alive when David was
discovered and seemed to perk up and and
was injected with insulin at that point
and thought he would live he did not
PEGI Solomon was his other cat who died
I think a couple years ago so PEGI
Solomon and shaman were the two
companions that he had for for many
years so David was a photographer and he
was also a poet can you read from this
poem that he wrote for the massive war
is over demonstration in New York's
Central Park on May 11th 1975 yes he
said hey too happy hell today with all
hard politics peddle the revolution
tomorrow the correct line this hour is
joy stick a flower in your memmio
machine or give it to the cop smoke it
up drink it up and damn it laughs we
earned it 10 years after marchings
beatings jailings trapped in jails
armies all-night meetings and for God's
sake don't worry about being serious we
have a lifetime ahead Rocky tumbles
coming forwards to cross Kissinger
goodbye armies to disarm banks to throw
open jails to tear down tomorrow is time
enough we've got a good life of work
standing right ahead but take this day
off miss the cell meeting tonight
skip the speaker who will explain it all
and take a friend to bed instead this
was the end of the beginning
tonight is the party party time all over
town
and he read that at the big war is over
private I don't remember if he read it
cuz I was out of town when that happened
so I missed it but he produced this leaf
I mean the war was this elite produces
leaflet to to hand out there and it was
handed out by the thousands
David McReynolds was extremely creative
Jeremy and you spent time in his
apartment yeah I mean he you know as is
reading that home I mean it could have
been written by day but a couple of
years ago not decades ago because that
was still the spirit that he you know he
brought with him and he you know he as
he got older you know he was very in
touch with his frailty and is a you know
inability to do to operate as he did I
mean remember he retired and would know
exactly but I think in 1999 he retired
and and yet even in his retirement ran
for president and then you know
continued showing up which of course you
know was the primary thing that you know
activists believe is necessary you have
to be there with your body David
continued to show up even in poor health
and continued to organize but you know I
think ed is right and I'm trying to also
to emphasize that you know David with
not some like Stern you know sectarian
who had no joy in his life David was a
guy who in fact loved life so much that
he wanted to spend it fighting for a
more just world and you know enjoying
food enjoying music enjoying animals
enjoying company of friends all of that
is part of being a revolutionary and and
I love that that in that poem you know
David is is talking about laughing and
is talking about making love and it's
talking about you know being with
friends and taking time off from all of
this misery that the authoritarians are
raining down upon us in the world
because he knew at the end of the day
what is the whole point of our struggle
it's it's so that people can have peace
in their lives and what does it mean to
have peace in your lives it means that
you have joy in your life it means you
have the company of others in your life
it means that you're secure and knowing
that you can walk down the street
without being blown up that was what his
whole life was about fighting for and it
was sort of consistent with the
resistance that he also knew how
to enjoy the good stuff in life I wanted
to play a few more clips of David in his
own words this is David McReynolds
describing his work with the war
resisters League where he worked from
1960 to 1999 the longest job I ever had
was working for the war resisters League
from 1960 to 1999 and my job changed
over the years from being field
secretary to being in a sense the
spokesperson for the league to be a war
be sister means to challenge the
institution of war and to resist all
Wars defensive or aggressive even at the
cost of going to prison or at the risk
of your life now whether I would be
willing to risk my life I don't know
would I be willing to risk going to
prison yes I would so the PA war
resister means to view war itself as a
crime against humanity not the soldiers
who are engaged in the fighting they're
trapped by the structure in the Vietnam
War it was clear that to the degree that
you can say one side is right and one
side is wrong it was clear the
Vietnamese were right but that doesn't
mean for a moment that I would buy
weapons for the Vietnamese my job during
the Vietnam War was to get the Americans
out of Vietnam it wasn't to decide how
the Vietnamese were going to wage their
own struggle so we resisted that war
actively and organized to do everything
we could to slow down and impede the
American war machine so that was David
McReynolds um in a video for his 80th
birthday done by his friend Anthony
chiquinho a lot of people may not know
what the war resisters league is and
hedeman you worked with him for decades
at the WRL explained the work you did
together
yeah well mostly my role was as an
organizer for issues like disarmament
cannon recruitment local organizing and
I would work with people in the
communities too and produce help produce
materials David was the one who
turned out a lot of Flyers and analysis
that would be used by local organizers
he went around the country to speak from
time to time and he participated in
organizing demonstrations we had a large
demonstration in 1976 the Bicentennial
the US where we had a walk called that
the continental Walk for disarmament
social justice that went across the
country from California to Washington DC
had a lot of different routes took nine
months to do this entire thing David was
essential and networking with
organizations that he knew whether that
be the a FSC fellowship reconciliation
or the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference in the south he was very good
at making those contacts and would help
produce position papers for that so
that's the sort of thing that he would
do very well he also came up with ideas
for demonstrations and that we helped
carry out in our respective capacities
and overall the war resisters lead
founded - well was founded in 1923 in
the aftermath of World War one there was
a concern that the only way to stop Wars
this is in 1923 was to four men who were
the ones that were doing the fighting to
refuse to participate in the next war
and the register and sign up as many
people as possible who would say I am
NOT going to fight didn't work out but
that was the basic concept and a lot of
people joined in war resisters they
helped create organized demonstrations
in the 1930s and No More war parades and
so forth and it was also a secular
organization because up to that point
most of the organizations had a
religious basis and war resisters the
organizers people who started at jesse
wallace human being the key founder john
hayes holmes and a number of others they
they were concerned there were a lot of
socialists who didn't have a religious
affiliation of anarchists and others who
believed in non-violence solution rather
than bombing people and they felt sort
of left out of the religious
organization so the war resisters League
was an offshoot of fellowship of
reconciliation religious organization
and to try to be a home for all people
whether they were religious or not
built up throughout the the 20s 30s 40s
and especially after World War two a lot
of resistors got out of prison people
who refused to participate in World War
two and had been sent to jail and they
broadened the scope of the war resisters
League to focus not only on opposing
Wars but causes of war but which was a
part of war resisters League founding
but they wanted to do more
demonstrations in the street civil
disobedience work on civil rights issues
in the 50s ban the bomb movements so the
wao really ramped up its Street actions
and Street organizing especially in the
60s and 70s now as you've said you got
under Freedom of Information Act a lot
of documents of surveillance of the war
resisters league and in that of hundreds
of pages on david McReynolds yes well
this is back in nineteen mid-1970s
where there was a lot of well the fya
had passed a few years earlier and then
people were saying okay well I'm gonna
go get my FBI files and we did it for
the organization everybody on double
staff also applied and got their files
heavily redacted at points but the most
interesting ones at least to me were the
ones on the war resisters league where
the the COINTELPRO of the FBI sought to
disrupt the movement no this is the
counterintelligence counterintelligence
program of the FBI whole purpose of it
was to disrupt the the movement the
anti-war movement the civil rights
movement any other movement of leftist
the Communists socialists so also
certainly went after the Black Panthers
in many work assassinate no absolutely I
mean this is this is all part of
COINTELPRO but then we got these
documents where we saw that they made up
these flyers I mean this outrageous
flyers with stupid language I mean
really childish language that we never
would have ever used and you know they
approved it I mean I was amazed that
they went out and to say that they put
in the the profanity and vulgarity
because that was all part of the
movement it's you know it's like we
swore every time we
opened our mouths and they yeah so you
got thousands of pages from the FBI yes
and hundreds were on david McReynolds
