[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez with
part two our web exclusive on the Denver
Post's open revolt in its own pages well
the staff of The Denver Post have
launched a revolt against their owner
new york-based hedge fund Alden global
capital on Sunday the Post editorial
board published a lead editorial
headlined as vultures circle the Denver
Post must be saved for more we continue
our conversation with Ricardo Baca the
former cannabis editor at the Denver
Post marijuana is legal in Colorado he
wrote one of the op-eds in the paper
headlined when a hedge fund tries to
kill the newspapers it owns journalists
must fight back Baca worked at the
Denver Post for 16 years before that the
Rocky Mountain News which is now defunct
and he's now the CEO and founder of
grasslands I wanted to ask you Ricardo
about the about the hedge fund Aldens
owners Randal D Smith and Heath Freeman
who are they you know these are not good
men in general but they are very rich
New Yorkers who founded their own hedge
fund years ago Randle put Heath in
charge and they have continued to make a
series of questionable decisions you
know they're they're shrouded in secrecy
we know this much an inevitably some
amount of investigative reporting has
showed up some of these showed some of
these secrets and brought them to light
which I think has been important
the most recent one being a lawsuit in
Delaware Court that actually shows Alden
being sued by another hedge fund which
also owns the newspaper group digital
first media for taking out profits from
the newspaper group and putting them
toward other more risky investments and
so right now digital first media's
ownership its primary owner Alden global
capital is being sued by its co-owner
the minority share owner what
is another hedge fund well you know
Ricardo the interesting thing to me is
that there was the newspaper industry
went from family-owned largely
businesses to then the period when it
was public corporations that were
essentially running these huge multi
City chains but now little by little
most of the public corporations when for
instance media news used to be owned by
Dean singleton back before Alden took it
over
most of these public corporations are
now owned by private investors who who
don't have even less responsibility even
to shareholders so what they do with the
companies they own the can you from the
from your perspective what has been the
impact of this change not even more
private ownership of the media you know
it's not only less responsibility to
shareholders it's it's less involvement
in the community which is just
devastating for for a local newspaper I
mean I think this conversation
surrounding local journalism right now
is so important with what's happening
with Sinclair what's happening with
Google and Facebook and and now
certainly what's happening with with the
nation's second largest newspaper chain
digital first media under attack by its
very owner so this is obviously bad news
you have these venture capitalists a
hedge fund they are legitimate vulture
capitalists they are going after
distressed organizations and distressed
industries which is why they're in the
newspaper game right now and when their
most recent purchase was announced in
Boston in the last month you know I
think our colleagues out there knew this
was bad bad news for them and I think
back to two or three years ago when it
was announced that digital first media
was also buying newspapers like the
Orange County Register and a couple
others out in Southern California I
remember talking to my brand-new
colleagues there after the news was
announced and and they just knew the
writing was on the wall I think anymore
when it's it's announced that Alden
global capital is about to buy your
newspaper you know that things are about
to change
they're not going to change for the
better I want to turn to a video posted
online by the news guild communications
network of America as part of a campaign
to support employees of digital first
media the organization is trying to put
pressure on Duke University to sever
ties with its 2002 alum Heath Freeman
CEO of Alden Media Group Duke is
accepting donations from a university
alum who's plundering local newspapers
across the country and it's even sending
Duke students to learn from him meet
Keith Freeman he's the president of
Alden global capital a hedge fund that
bought digital first media and is
systematically tearing apart its 200
community newspapers when Heath Freeman
buys newspapers he slashes staff and
liquidates assets all for short-term
profits for the benefit of him and his
investors in 2014 Alden global capitals
Heath Freeman spent nearly a hundred
$120,000 119 thousand five hundred
dollars to buy a jersey worn by the
former Duke University college
basketball star Christian Laettner who
made one of the most legendary shots in
college basketball history
so Ricardo Baca talked more about who he
three 'men is and what's happening at
the Denver Post you know Heath Freeman
is not a man who I have any respect for
and he's also not a person who has any
goodwill coming from the Denver
newspaper from the Denver newspaper
guild or the Denver Post you know he's
made a series of questionable
investments and and you can imagine how
it feels to be a newspaper making decent
money it you know in a medium-sized
market like a Denver and then you see
your colleagues regularly being bought
out or laid off and then you hear about
him spending all this money on a
basketball jersey which certainly has
some sentimental meaning to him or his
colleagues buying tens of mansions
throughout Florida you know these
investments that are being made off off
the work that we're doing and off the
profits that we're generating is
certainly does it feel good and I think
that's how we've come to actually be
journalists
who are protesting their own ownership
Oh Ricardo what's been the reaction in
the in the local Denver community to the
editorial and the the staff revolt I
think it's two parts it's been very
encouraging to see
Denverites Coloradans alike come out in
support of needing a daily newspaper
they recognize that this is important
and I think this perspective section
that ran on Sunday really drove that
point home but I think the second part
is what do we do next and I kind of
spoke to this earlier in the show you
know we don't really know what to do
next we're journalists we know how to
write and publish sections and and
that's kind of where it starts we most
of us were never community organizers
that's not in our blood but we need to
do something next we need to keep this
momentum going and I think the readers
are wondering as well what can we do and
there's this there's this deep concern
and divide because the Denver Post just
implemented a paywall on Denver Post
calm its website and and readers are
wondering we want to support you we want
to give you that twelve dollars a month
for this digital subscription but will
that make any difference and sure enough
a couple months after the paywall was
implemented this most recent cut which
is this most severe and most drastic in
the newspapers history was announced and
now these readers are like great so
we're paying $12 a month for a digital
subscription to have 30 less journalists
working on this website so talk about
what local newspapers mean for
journalism well I think we know that new
couldn't a lot local newspapers are the
backbone of everything
I mean journalism it fuels democracy and
we know that civic engagement from
various studies also goes down when we
have less local journalism in the market
you know the Pew Research Center's
reports on the number of journalists
covering state houses across the country
we know that a majority these
journalists work for newspapers and we
know that
the number of journalists at newspapers
covering statehouses is going down
year-over-year so this is this is not
good for news for these communities and
ultimately local journalism ultimately
fused fuels natural national journalism
and that big outlets like the New York
Times and Washington Post and CNN are
only going to suffer the more these
local outlets start to dry up and
potentially even disappear well I that
vein I wanted to ask you when you were
at the post you were the covering the
cannabis industry you had how many
reporters working under you just
covering that industry yes my last post
was cannabis editor at the Denver Post
before I resigned and we had a team of
seven when I was there it started out as
a one-person gig we weren't sure where
it was going I talked them immediately
into a second full-time hire and me and
my colleague Aleta
we built the cannabis into a powerhouse
that in less than three years was
beating marijuana calm and High Times in
digital traffic and that's because we
were bringing real legitimate journalism
to this industry that desperately needed
it
holding the industry and the regulators
accountable and less than three years
later we had built the staff up into
seven which was three ad side for
editorial and we are looking to expand
and double that number in fact we were
we were working on that before I left
and we were gonna be hiring another
seven in California and Canada and when
that deal fell through I unfortunately
knew that my time at the newspaper was
up because if if DFM was not investing
in this job buzzy successful
self-sustaining website than what were
they going to invest in I have I think
the writing was on the wall for me
Ricardo but just explain this because
for people around the country they may
be scratching their heads where
marijuana is not legal to be the
cannabis editor of a mainstream
newspaper explain the kind of issues you
were covering and why you felt it was so
critical to the state of Colorado
well yeah when you think back to 2013
Colorado became the first place in the
world
the first
place in the world to ever implement a
legal regulated adult use cannabis
system and so my former editor Greg
Moore who also wrote an editorial on the
front page of this last Sunday's
perspective section he recognized the
need to cover this beat differently than
we had in the past and so that was our
guard that was our goal and our charge
and I took it very seriously
don't get me wrong we had a lot of fun
with the beat I hired a couple marijuana
critics and a columnist who would answer
people's questions and give people
advice on the new legal regulated market
but we were also doing investigative
journalism and data journalism and very
serious breaking news covering the
Statehouse and city council a number of
city councils throughout the state
because local control is a huge element
of the Colorado model of cannabis
legalization which has largely been
adopted and used throughout the world
since then but but you know the kinds of
stories in 2014 I reported I took ten
different edibles infused edibles into a
state licensed lab and had them tested
for potency and realized that almost
nobody was getting in the potency
exactly right and then a couple years
later in 2016 had another page one
Sunday expose where we took in a bunch
of cannabis concentrates into another
lab and had those tested for the
presence of pesticides that coverage led
to an executive order from the governor
of Colorado led to the first recall of
cannabis in the modern world and that
first recall ended up triggering a slate
of 30 other recalls just because of the
chain of command and seed to sale
tracking and as they found that the
presence of pesticides here they just
followed the rest down to these
cultivators and so it was a it was and
is a very serious beat in Colorado and
other regulated markets Ricardo Baca I
want to thank you for being with us but
I wanted to end one with you because
this is your lifeblood you cover these
issues both as a journalist and as
president National Association of spanic
journalist head of unity' the
journalists of color all the
organizations in this country the issue
of local media and how important it is
and what it means when it
taken over by a hedge fund I mean the
people who profit the most are the
politicians corrupt business people who
don't want to be covered and the people
who profit the least are the people
whose voices are rarely heard and now
increasingly more threatened well it's
clear as we listen to with card we'll
talk about the the depletion of the
ranks of journalists in the city of
Denver we're talking about when the
Rocky Mountain News was still around and
the Denver Post was flourishing you had
over 500 journalists in the city of
Denver covering Denver that meant that
weren't enough journalists to cover
various school boards not just in a
major city but in the suburbs the county
income the county commissions the City
Council the Planning Board all these
local issues are so affect the daily
lives the people of Denver
so from 500 around 2002 or 2004 you're
talking now 60 right 60 so you're
talking about almost of only 10% of 10
to 12% of the original reporting army is
left so that definitely means that the
people of Denver of Colorado get much
less coverage on the they'll always get
the national coverage on the national
networks but who is going to cover their
local officials their City Council their
school boards there are no reporters to
do that anymore and that is how
democracy especially at the local level
begins to collapse when people have no
idea what's going on in their own
community you know Ricardo worked at the
Rocky Mountain News before he worked at
the Denver Post it closed after a
hundred and fifty years from 1859 to
2009 right right and that's been
happening all around the all around the
country and this the astonishing thing
here as we've seen in this interview is
that the Denver Post was making money
it's just that the olders decided to
siphon the money off to other industries
where they were investing it and not to
keep it to actually build up this
community institution so let's end with
a new political article headline Trump
arrives and areas that lack traditional
news outlets it reads an extensive
review of subscription data and election
results shows that Trump outperformed
the previous Republican nominee Mitt
Romney in counties with the lowest
numbers of news subscribers but didn't
do nearly as well in areas with heavier
circulation the results show a clear
correlation between low subscription
rates and Trump success in the 2016
election both against Hillary Clinton
and when compared to Romney in 2012 one
that mean I think that it shows clearly
that when people are not properly
educated or have enough information
about what's going on both locally and
nationally
the results speak for themselves in
terms of how they function as citizens
and so it's it's it's tragic but it's
the continuing problem that the American
people need to do something about well
we want to thank for cart Ibaka now CEO
and founder of grasslands he was the
kind of a Senator for the Denver Post
when he resigned in 2016 after 16 years
and we're gonna link to his piece in The
Denver Post headlined when a hedge fund
tries to kill the newspapers at owns
journalists must fight back and heads up
to our viewers in Colorado democracy
now's Juan Gonzalez while speaking about
his book reclaiming Gotham and I'm sure
one you're going to be talking about
Denver Post and everything else related
to news and how it is covered on
Saturday that's April 14th in Boulder
Colorado at the First Congregational
Church at 6:00 p.m. and in Denver on
Sunday April 15th at the Tattered
covered bookstore in loto on Monday
he'll be speaking at the University of
Denver go to democracynow.org for
details that does it for this segment to
see part one of our discussion with
Ricardo Baca about what's happening at
the Denver Post and the open rebellion
there of the reporters and editors
against their New York hedge fund owner
go to Democracy Now org
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez
thanks for joining us
you
