is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm Juan Gonzalez welcome to all of our
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world we begin today with
some rare good news for immigrant rights
active advocates new sanctuary coalition
cheering in order to release their
executive director Ravi Raj beer from
detention last month Revere was one of
several nationally recognized activists
to be taken into custody by immigration
and customs enforcement he was
handcuffed and arrested during his
routine check-in on January 11th
prompting a mass protest that ended with
18 people arrested including two members
of the New York City Council
Robbie was then quickly flown by ice and
shackles to the chrome Detention Center
in Florida as he faced imminent
deportation to the native Trinidad
public outcry grew then ice informed his
lawyers that he'd be brought back to
detention in the New York City area well
on Monday US District Judge Katherine
Forrest said Ravi robbed beers detention
was unnecessarily cruel and ordered ice
to free him and the decision she read
aloud from the bench the judge said Ravi
robbed beer had quote the freedom to say
goodbye and compared his treatment to
that of quote regimes we were vile as
unjust regimes were those who have long
lived in a country maybe taken without
notice from streets home and work and
sent away we are not that country and
will be the day that we become that
country under a fiction that laws allow
it she wrote in court assistant US
attorney Brandon Waterman argued ice did
not violate Robbie Rob beers due process
rights because immigrants facing
deportation quote are unnoticed they can
be picked up at any time unquote the
government asked the judge to stay her
order while it appeals but she refused
and instead ordered Rob beers immediate
release and now we welcome back to the
New York studio Rafi Rob beer co-founder
and exact
director of the new sanctuary coalition
as well as his rife wife Amy got leave a
longtime immigrant rights advocate with
the American service American Friends
Service Committee and the head of Robbie
Rob beers legal team Alena das
co-director of the immigrant rights
clinic at the New York University NYU
School of Law we welcome you all to
democracy now I mean seeing this court
seen yesterday being in federal court in
downtown Manhattan and hearing this
judge read her decision there is an
ought to be in this great country the
freedom to say goodbye and then going on
to say that as I just read in the
headlines for we are subjected to
treatment she said it ought not to be
that those who've lived without incident
in this country for years are subjected
to treatment we associate with regimes
we revile as unjust this is a stunning
rebuke of the Trump administration so
Robbie Rob beer last night you were
freed how do you feel right now I still
you know in an auto body experience from
this is only 18 days since January 11th
when all of this unfolded and all I am
doing right now is just trying to catch
up so since 9/11 I was locked in a box
in a cage you went for checking yes I
reported to check in like I've done for
many years to immigration and customs
enforcement and they started on with
with everyone here my attorney Arlena -
my wife Emma Gottlieb and they said
instead of saying that we are going to
ask you to come back which normally what
they will do they said they going to
church to take me away and I will be
deported so since then it has been where
did they take you that day January 11th
on so what happened is I passed out I
don't know why but I knew they were
looking for me since January 3rd and I
haven't been eaten and sleeping so I
passed out
and so they took it I fainted sorry I
fainted and then they took me to the
hospital and from the hospital it took
me to Newark Airport and I have looked
at this they had 20 officers watching me
20 officers a 10 of them of ice and 10
NYPD NYPD came as like hey guys what are
we doing I'll be watching you watching
him you mean when you were out or in
when I was at Bellevue Hospital and from
Bellevue Hospital
they had an entourage of at least 10
cars to take me to the ten cars to take
me to the airport and I'm sittin only
looking at this in an auto body what has
happened why where's wait wait what is
all this in other words you were not
being transported along with another
group of detainees you were being
transported by yourself with by with all
of these agents that's correct
my sitting alone in the in the van and
you know when it took me on the plane
another chapel but yes it felt like a
prisoner that I could be most wanted or
most you know the administration I don't
have to call his name but it felt that
way so in essence you were being
targeted by ice clearly it wasn't just a
question of another routine detention
that they were and deportation
proceedings but that in essence that
much that many resources being dedicated
to you clearly indicates that they were
targeting you most probably because of
your activism I guess if you look at the
way the events unfolded that's the only
conclusion you can make because all of
these resources as you said was
dedicated to taken one person away so
you know it has to be it has to be
planned and he said that in an affidavit
that a war game this war game this whole
scenario this whole series of events so
it wasn't just that I was coming in for
checking it was a plan to target me and
to remove me now it's interesting
because New York says it's a sanctuary
city that it won't have the police
working with ice in and yet this is what
you're saying happened and Amy Gottlieb
you were allowed in the ambulance right
your husband had just fainted but then
they told you to step out and when you
got to the hospital you thought because
they were just going to race him out of
the ambulance but they moved on with him
in it and you outside that's right
yeah they first took us to a hospital in
downtown Manhattan closer to 26 Federal
Plaza and as I got out of the ambulance
I thought Rebbe was gonna be behind me
and the ambulance drove away and we
actually had no idea where he was for a
couple of hours probably till like
around 2 or 3 o'clock we found out he'd
been taken to Bellevue and that was only
because we had people who were calling
and calling and calling trying to figure
out what had happened it wasn't as if
ice came and said oh we took your
husband who by the way needs medical
attention
to Bellevue Hospital as one would think
they would do with the spouse so we
found out much later you know what about
the communications that you had with
authorities in terms of legal
representation for him what they were
telling you well for a decade since 2008
we have always been in constant
communication with ice to be sure that
we are complying with all of the
requirements that they have put in his
case and it's in many years it's been a
very good relationship in the sense that
they've recognized Ravi's contributions
to the community his family ties his
incredible work with new sanctuary
coalition so the change in events in the
days leading up to the check-in and the
check-in itself were incredibly
disturbing because there was never
really an explanation for why they felt
the need to detain him and that day when
they made that decision and both Amy and
I were pleading with the officer to
explain why they needed to do something
like this and never receiving an
explanation and then having him whisked
away from his community with no
information it essentially took a
massive outpouring of community support
and legal resources
for us to be sitting here today and I
feel so grateful for the incredible
community outcry that has really made
this happen
and of course it very much worries me
because of the thousands of people who
are in rugby situation who aren't
necessarily going to have those
resources available to them but that's
what Robby's been fighting for for the
past decade and that's what we hope you
even had two City Council members Udonis
Rodriguez and Jumaane Williams arrested
right in a protest in support of him
absolutely when the community heard what
was happening they had been engaged in a
peaceful prayerful vigil outside of 26
Federal Plaza and and they saw the
ambulance leaving the building without
any sirens on or any indication that
they were doing this as a medical
emergency we were told this was so they
could clear him for detention
that 18 people were arrested including
two City Council members and many more
were we're standing in protest for what
they were seeing in court on Monday the
law student who argued the case one of
the two Jeremy cutting said Isis
assistant field director Scott Murkowski
resented Ravi robber's activism after
Ravi's checken last march drew hundreds
of people to protest Mackowski said what
happened last time is not going to
happen again and referred to the January
11th check-in as quote d-day the
government's lawyer assistant US
attorney Brandon Waterman responded by
saying there's no information suggested
Rob beer was targeted because he was an
activist meanwhile this is what judge
Forrest wrote in the first footnote to
her order she wrote quote the court also
notes with grave concern the argument
that petitioner has been targeted as a
result of a speech and political
advocacy on behalf of immigrant rights
and social justice this is extremely
significant can you talk about what
happened with this ice official March
Kowski
is that how you pronounce his name On
January 11th it's I I actually was
[Music]
certainly just hearing what he was
saying it it wasn't a discussion with me
it was a it was a defensive it it it was
a aggression towards Amy my lawyer
because even though they were he brought
he invited them into the space it it was
a sort of an attack of why I D not
allowing this to happen freely
Amy Gottlieb What did he say to you oh
he just kept kind of repeating himself
and getting really worked up that this
is the end of the road that Robbie's had
his chances that they are going to
enforce removal and they just kept
repeating it over and over and there was
no possibility of entering into a
conversation with him at that moment at
all
you know this somebody I've known for
many years because of my work
and I've just it was really astonishing
just to feel so incredibly dehumanized
in this space and to see Robbie faint
and we had to ask for water you know
they didn't like running get water that
Robbie fainted and we had to actually
ask for it so it was extraordinarily
dehumanizing and terrifying and and when
you learned that he was being
transferred to chrome Detention Center
in Florida were there plenty of
detention centers that the ice has right
in the metropolitan area that they could
have they could have held him at pending
the resolution of whether he was going
to be deported in that not surprised you
know because they we knew that this was
targeted and they were gonna make it
harder for all of us they were gonna
make it hard for us to do the legal work
they were gonna make it hard for us to
visit they were gonna make it hard for
him to be supported by his community and
fortunately we were able to get an order
from Judge Forrest early on that
required ice to bring him back to the
New York area so he's been a little bit
closer but still you know Orange County
Jail is it's a jail right so Robbie's
been locked up in a jail cell for
over two weeks now last night when you
were released
Ravi robbed beer who released you scott
makovski
he was waiting there I got two they
picked me up I was told when I call Amy
and Alena
that the judge order me immediate
release I couldn't believe it in fact
the only was that came on my all of my
mod was when when when when Sony we
thought he would have released me there
so the whole team went up then they said
nobody had to bring me down and bringing
me down it shocked me again
listening to New York City and he
shackled my foot my hands my stomach and
I'm saying you know you're releasing me
right why are you doing this so they
left that's 6:45 and we got to New York
City at 8 o clock and he was there week
and with the documents to order me to
institute order of removal on rotate so
I have to report back to them on
Saturday February 10th he then drove you
to Judson Memorial Church so he so he
was going to sit down and he had me wait
and he said sit down in a car waiting a
woman so I don't I'm not out saying cold
I know when he's please telling shackles
no no no he this was his way he cook and
then he offered
oh don't worry to calm down I'll just
bring you up so in a sudden move of
humanity the Deputy Director brought me
to the front door of just Memorial
surgeon and judge the Memorial Church is
where the new sanctuary Coalition is
based and we're talking to Ravi Robb
beer his wife immigrant rights lawyer
Amy Gottlieb and his attorney Alena Das
who co-directs the
immigrant rights clinic NYU School of
Law we'll hear about that journey behind
bars when Robbie Robbie R was not
accessible to the public what this means
the people he saw behind bars when we
come back
