this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh
everyone has a brain which plays a major
role in mental illness I think everyone
is temporarily or not a little mentally
ill that's what our next guest is told
by a leading psychiatrist whom she meets
in Rome in a quest that takes her from a
psychiatric ward in Los Angeles to Italy
and Bolivia as she tries to come to
grips with the effects of lithium the
drug she's prescribed when she's
diagnosed at the age of 16 with bipolar
disorder according to the American
Psychiatric Association bipolar
disorders are quote brain disorders that
cause changes in a person's mood energy
and ability to function bipolar disorder
used to be called manic depression well
every year some 44 million Americans
experience mental illness of which
almost 6 million are diagnosed as
bipolar in her remarkable memoir titled
mental lithium love and losing my mind
Jaime Lowe shares and investigates her
experience with mental illness and the
drugs used to combat it she was on
lithium for two decades but was forced
to go off it when she experienced
serious kidney problems as a result of
the medication she points to statistics
published by the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention that showed the
use of prescription medication for
antidepressants among all ages increased
nearly 400% over the last two decades to
talk more about her experience with an
illness that's still associated with
social stigma despite affecting tens of
millions of Americans we're joined now
by author and journalist Jamie Lowe
welcome to Democracy Now you so much for
having this is a profound book why don't
you start off where you first learned
where you first were diagnosed and talk
about your experience at the age of 16
in a Los Angeles psych ward well it
started a little bit before that because
I was cycling and so I was pretty more
does that mean cycling so I was on a
manic high which meant that I was
hallucinating
thought I could talk to Michael Jackson
I thought I knew secret tunnels to
Neverland it was like imagining Muppets
and some of it was very you know some
parts of Mental Illness are kind of
funny many parts are horrible and you
know I had accused my dad of being
physically abusive he had never been
physically abusive and at this point you
know I was running away from him and all
of my parents my parents are divorced so
I have like a million parents but they
all had sort of seen this pattern of
disarray men told this array I guess is
and they had figured out that the
adolescent word at UCLA was the best
place for treatment and had sort of
taken me to the ER and so that's where I
ended up but I had to take a lot of
antipsychotics I had to go through a lot
before dr. deantonio who was the head of
adolescent care there diagnosed me he
identified it immediately because the
symptoms are so bizarre but all similar
and how long did you stay in that
psychiatric board I was there for about
three weeks
so the first three weeks of my senior
year and what was your experience there
it was terrible and also you know
fantastic because they got better so the
beginning of it I was very resistant
resistant to medications I was I you
know still hallucinating or still
delusional
I thought an apocalypse was happening I
thought I was gonna be going to war in
Nicaragua I like there were there were
these enormous pipes outside the window
and it was just the generator of the
hospital but I had this idea that they
were poison gas and that it was going to
be like another Holocaust and we were
all gonna die and that was the bad part
the good part was when I kind of came to
the realization that I needed to take
the medication and the medication was
left um yes um
what was what did it mean to you
your illness was named and what did they
tell you at the time that you were
suffering from so that was that's a
really good question they told me I was
manic-depressive which was what it was
called in when I was diagnosed in 93
um it's now called bipolar disorder to
me it doesn't make a difference I'm am
what I am like Popeye but they the label
is just a category and it helps to sort
of identify with other people to know
that it's not you're not alone in
experiencing everything that's going on
because the symptoms and what's
happening is so bizarre I mean there are
so many things that are just beyond
imaginable and so it's nice to know that
those things exists in other people's
worlds as well I mean like one thing is
extreme religiosity I'm not a religious
person at all
but when I was in the hospital I was
like saying you know the prayers I had
the rabbi's were visiting me I was like
you know really really into being Jewish
and Judaism and like super duper like
celebrating Shabbat my family is
completely not they're very reformed and
we're not on that trip but in the
hospital I was extremely religious so
that's something that many people who
are bipolar experienced you know one
that was one of the few things in the
book where I was trying to really find a
reason for that because the symptoms are
so bizarre but that one was sort of like
nope they just are the symptoms that
they are well while you were in the
psychiatric ward you were kept for a
period of time in isolation
yeah and despite what people may think
of that which is that it's very scary or
claustrophobic it actually helped you
explain why I think that that was my
breaking point
I think they you know in the same way
they and this sounds horrible but the
same way that you break a horse like I
think that I was just so far gone and I
had been tackled by nurses to take
medication at that point I had been like
whispering all
these you know conspiracy theories to
different patients I was like a menace
to everyone on the ward and they kind of
just put me in this box and I think even
though it sounds terrible I just let go
of everything and kind of collapsed and
realize that I needed to to kind of
really and that was a glimpse of that I
don't think that I was like completely
better and it was an aha moment I was
like okay great but I felt calmer like I
have a distinct memory of like a like
just a little taste of calm can you
because you're a journalist and you've
really deeply researched all of this now
and you're so deeply informed by your
own personal experience talk about what
the definition of bipolar disorder is
and then also describe how you changed
on lithium what kind of effects it had
on you and in your research and
interviews with so many other people who
have experienced this what it meant to
them sure I'm the definition as I
understand it for bipolar disorder would
be that there is a period of manic highs
followed by a cycle of depression and it
can either be long depression with one
long mania or it can be like mania
depression mania depression
the thing about mental illness is that
it's so individual and everybody sort of
has their own you know as the symptoms
are very similar but each person really
it's that it's the hardest thing to
treat because it's just your own
experience it's slightly different from
the person next to you um which is why
it's it's really hard to tackle as a
national issue um in terms of
imagination yes medication and explain
what lithium is and explain how what
effect it had on you and why you
eventually after decades had to give it
up so lithium is a third element on the
periodic table so
president in the Big Bang it's this kind
of amazing miracle salt it also is a
medal it's um president everywhere on
earth in the galaxy in our bodies for
everyone um so the lithium for me when I
took it I didn't actually feel that many
side effects a lot of people feel side
effects a lot of people it doesn't work
for for me it was kind of seamless and I
think part of the reason it was seamless
was because it had to be I had been
experiencing just so much tumult in my
life they to have something that kind of
evened everything out was good and I was
in my senior year and I kind of just let
go of everything else and was like okay
this is what's gonna work for me and
this is what I have to do and this is
what's going forward I'm gonna have to
take that year was really hard just
because I was kind of you know gave up
on high school and friends and
everything but then when I went to
college everything was great and I
didn't really think about it
lithium was kind of in my back pocket
and worked and then I had it worked so
well actually the I with my psychiatrist
once I had moved to New York after
college we decided that I could say like
taper down try life without lithium
hitter how long that was I was 25 so it
was about nine years yeah I started it
um so that was not a good idea although
who I mean who words to know you know
because it could have been an isolated
unsaid
I mean so many people describe wanting
to experience the highs and lows of life
which is why they go off of it right so
what did it mean to quote taper down in
your life so I could still experience
the highs and lows in life in a pretty
hyperbolic form even with lithium
I still get really anxious when I you
know there's too much work on my plate I
still really really like excited about
random things that I can't identify but
what happiness comes it comes and it's
great I buy when I'm not on the
medication and the highs and lows are
unmanageable
they're like highs that are wearing you
know head-to-toe glitter and like 18 to
to 16 belts 30 necklaces and like you
know this like crazy and I can see it
like when I'm on the subway sometimes
I'll see someone and I'm like oh I
recognize that outfit like something is
not on my mind well one of the things
that you point out I mean a part of the
reason that this memoir is so remarkable
is that you know there's still a lot of
stigma attached to mental illness so it
took a lot of courage for you to write
as you did and similarly it's often very
difficult for people to accept that they
need medication for mental illness you
didn't have those problems that's true I
I can see the stigma and I understand it
and I see it with other people for me I
come from like I think I just have never
really had a filter I don't like I
haven't the courage part didn't really
even occur to me because I don't I've
always talked a lot about being bipolar
and maybe that's because I was diagnosed
when I was 16 and it's always been kind
of a part of who I am and describing it
is not something they I feel bad about
myself for there are moments though when
I'm like please I don't want to think
about medication anymore like I don't
want to do this the rest of my life I
don't want to have to and I think that
that is like a totally natural reaction
that everyone who suffers from mental
illness sort of has to deal with I don't
think you describe that point where you
taper it off
and what it meant in terms of what
happened to you yeah and then when you
ultimately had to go off it which is
more recent because of kidney trouble
right so the the tapering off was in
2001 it was in January of 2001 and
actually it was earlier than that and
the manic episode that followed was that
winter and that was like I'm I just
started acting really weird and I was
actually living only a few blocks from
your studio which was really funny cuz I
just walked by my old apartment and I
started I like was rigid I would quit my
job I was freelancing I was getting I
had a job offer I was like I don't want
to work anymore I'm gonna barter for
things I'm gonna just like buy Brussels
sprouts and like squash and like I was
sending like $700 of squash to neighbors
and one of the things that trigger the
really really bad parts of that episode
is I when I was on one of the job
interviews that I went on for I think it
was blender magazine which was this
music magazine published by Maxim and
stuff and my apartment burned down and
it was like horrifying and it's just
like this thing that made everything a
billion times worse and it just
triggered this really really intense it
was probably a good six months where I
was back and forth between New York and
LA because I wouldn't stay in LA where
my parents were trying to like help me
get better they didn't want to put me
into an adult psychiatric care because
it was like the circumstances of that
are just way beyond getting better even
um so I then ended up in LA for three
months with my family and then came back
here was like pretty depressed for six
months it was really really hard and
were you self-aware I mean since you
were working with a doctor you knew you
were tapering down do you understand you
were
in a full manic phase that this was the
affair no so I mean I know I didn't I
didn't want to know that I was at a
manic phase I was basically like I'm
fine
this is amazing everything that's
happening is the way it should be and
you guys are all crazy we're gonna break
and then come back to this discussion
with Jamie Lowe she's an author and
journalist her latest book is just out
it's titled mental lithium love and
losing my mind when we come back we'll
go from that UCLA that adolescent psych
ward to the salt flats of Bolivia where
so much of lithium is stay with us this
is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman with
nermeen Shaikh our guest is Jaime Lowe
author of mental lithium love and losing
my mind it's a memoir
I mean before we go to your trip to
Bolivia which is where most half of the
world's lithium is found I wanted to
talk about the fact that in your book
you've raised the question of the two
different traumas that you experienced
that what you say triggered your bipolar
disorder now there's a lot of debate
within the psychiatric community about
to what extent this disorder which which
used to be known as manic depression is
caused by a chemical imbalance and
what's caused by environmental factors
so can you say what role you think
trauma a plays in this it's a really
good question because it is
controversial and totally unknowable in
some ways I think that it's a factor of
both environment and genetics I think
they my family definitely has a history
of mental illness my grandfather of my
mom's side comes from a family that has
some mental illness in a and he was sort
of Lee he was as an elder person he sort
of had a bout of depression and that was
pretty serious um but I was molested
when I was 13 I'm and I think that a lot
of you know there there was this
a comprehensive study of research from
the past 40 years that basically said
they state sexual assault victims are
associated with mental illness now it
doesn't necessarily mean it triggers it
or that it causes it but that there is
this link between the two things and I
think they there's almost you know when
I think about my episodes they sometimes
revolve around those types of like that
that trauma is involved in some of my
hallucinations they were involved in
some of the things they were kind of the
outlandish part of the way I was
behaving I were like manifestations of
having been in what sense though in what
sense would you say that's the case I
think that you know identifying male
figures in my life like my dad and
saying that he had abused me and that
abuse actually was coming from somewhere
else like he has never abused me he's
been a loving father my entire life and
very supportive and trying to understand
what all of this is as all my parents
have always tried to do because it's not
easy I think like when somebody loses
their mind and loses who they are and
can't function the way that you know
them to function on a daily basis it's
really hard to understand that that's
not who they are and I think they they
they so I think the sexual assault
actually is part of it and I think they
then each episode is also a trauma in
itself because there are really really
intense really really kind of they sort
of shift the way your life moves and
it's like a different narrative and you
know as if there was a parallel when
what would have happened like I have no
idea like this is who I am this is the
way that my life played out but I think
like each time something happens there's
like a little bit part a part of you
kind of shifts with it can you talk
about what happened after 20 years when
your kidneys were affected and you had
to completely go off of let the
your fears at the time yeah and what you
went on to so I what that was what
basically brought on this book is I had
realized that I had this almost love
affair with lithium like this
relationship with lithium that I'm it
really helped me function for two
decades in a way that I never would have
had and that the minute that I had this
physical like reminder that it wasn't
actually 100 percent good for me or that
it was you know eating away at my
kidneys which is not a technical term
they I had to know more about it like I
didn't know more about I didn't know
anything about it as a medication I
didn't really know much about it in its
place in the world and the minute I
started investigating it it was like
this miracle drug nobody really still
knows how it works and it's been used
for millennia
um the how it felt for me personally was
like it's like nothing but distraught
and just like complete fear they I would
end manic again because another
medication wouldn't work and so what do
they give you so I try the first time I
tried depakote it was just the
side-effects for a really really intense
and I like was crying all the time and
it was a mess and this was like the
thing I had not experienced with lithium
when I was first prescribed it a lot of
people don't react well to medications
it's why mental illness is really hard
to treat also it's why it's hard to get
mentally ill people to stay on
medications as the side effects can be
really severe um so I was on depakote it
was really really hard I got off of it
because I just couldn't deal with it and
I ended up taking another medication
tegretol which then it turned out was
toxic for my liver um which was a like
sort of random thing that my general
practitioner found at a routine physical
thank goodness or not whatever then
I I was sort of out of the really good
medications for mania the the rest of
the medications are more for depression
and I suffer more from mania so they my
psychiatrists and I decided that I would
try depakote again and I tried it and it
was actually like way better it worked
out way better I'm I was feeling fine it
was okay and all of the side effects I
had felt initially were like there but
way less so I just sort of assumed they
were psychosomatic before we go we
wanted to talk about Bolivia just for a
moment we only have two minutes so can
you talk about the journey you took to
the place the land of lithium this
allows lithium is found yes they journey
I mean it's like it's a magical place
for me like I and I think for anyone
