[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report as we continue
with part two of our conversation
looking at the 20th anniversary of v-day
the women's movement to end gender
violence against women and girls this
week the White House is facing an
escalating scandal over how it ignored
the serious accusations against former
staff secretary Rob Porter his verbal
and physical violence against both of
his ex-wives President Trump has
repeatedly tried to defend Porter Trump
himself has been accused of sexual
harassment or assault or misconduct by
at least 16 women the domestic violence
scandal engulfing the White House comes
after in recent months thousands upon
thousands of women both in the United
States and around the world have come
forward with their stories of sexual
harassment abuse and violence but this
global movement didn't come out of the
blue it came out of decades of global
women's movements this day is the 20th
anniversary of the v-day movement which
demands justice for all survivors of
gender violence an end to the impunity
that protects perpetrators all over the
world my revolution begins
[Music]
in the body it isn't waiting anymore my
revolution does not need approval or
permission it happens because it has to
happen in each neighbourhood village
city or town at gatherings of tribes
fellow students women at the market on
the bus and maybe gradual and soft
it may be spontaneous and loud it may be
happening already it may be found in
your closet your drawers your gut your
legs you're multiplying cells in the
naked mouth of taut nipples and
overflowing breasts my revolution is
swelling from the insatiable drumming
between my legs my revolution is willing
to die for this my revolution is ready
to live big my revolution is
overthrowing the State of Mind called
patriarchy my revolution will not be
choreographed and although it begins
with a few familiar steps my revolution
is not violent but it does not shy away
from the dangerous edges where fierce
displays of resistance tumble into
something new my revolution is in this
body than these hips atrophied by
misogyny in this jaw wired mute by
hunger and atrocity my revolution is
connection not consumption passion not
profits orgasm
not ownership my Revolution is of the
earth and will come from her for her
because of her it understands that every
time we frack or drill or burn or
violate the layers of her sacredness we
violate the soul of our future my
Revolution is not ashamed to press my
body down on her mud floor in front of
banyan cypress pine Caelian open
chestnut mulberry redwood sycamore trees
to bow shameless lead to shocking yellow
birds and rose blue setting Sky's heart
exploding purple bougainvillea and aqua
see my revolution gladly kisses the feet
of mothers and nurses and servers and
cleaners and nannies and healers and all
who are life and give life my revolution
is on its knees on my knees to every
holy thing and so those who carry Empire
made burdens in their heads and backs
and hearts yes the 20th anniversary of
the day inspired by Eve Ensler's
groundbreaking play The Vagina
Monologues through which this movement
has come our three guests are Christine
Schuler describer director of v-day
Congo and the DRC co-founder and
director of city of joy a revolutionary
community for women survivors of gender
violence and Bukavu Democratic Republic
of Congo Rada borage is a v-day and 1
billion rising global coordinator for
Albania Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria
Croatia Cyprus Greece Macedonia
Montenegro Romania Serbia and Slovenia
and Agnes pareo is the Kenya director
for v-day she's the founder and director
of the v-day safe house for girls
we welcome you all to the second part of
our conversation rather let's begin with
you
The Vagina Monologues through which
v-day came were written in Croatia Eve
wrote them in Croatia partly she wrote
them increase job
we've met earlier we met during
unfortunately during the wars in the
Balkans in Bosnia and Herzegovina in
Croatia in 1994 where I worked at that
time I worked in the center for women
war victims I worked with women refugees
especially with women who were sexually
abused during the war and then the story
of rapes really occurred and was in the
media and Eve happened to be one who
asked us could she come and support us
and although we have lots of works and
lots of journalists and people coming
somehow I decided that she is a young
next time you know young writer who also
wrote that was a survivor I thought it
would be good that she came and she was
talking to women refugees and then also
talked to a woman who was raped that we
worked with and she wrote this beautiful
piece among other beautiful monologues
my vagina was my village devoted to all
of the raped women in Bosnia and
unfortunately due to this rape in Bosnia
more and more women came forward
including women in Japan that that in 99
I was on a women's tribunal in Japan
with women Japanese women demanded the
Japanese state would compensate
compensate women so-called comfort women
who have been raped during the Second
World War so it means that the crimes
against women especially sexual crimes
are not going to disappear so the crimes
that now all this meant that we are
hearing recently all over the world and
are protected and that other powerful
men who are denying that the sexual
abuse has happened to women I think you
know luckily the The Hague Tribunal for
the crimes against community decided
that the rape the rape of women is also
a crime against community humanity and
cannot just simply be neglected anymore
how Christine Schuler described her did
you get involved with the whole video
movement in Congo
in 2007 when she came after interviewing
dr. mukwege a in the UN and dr. McQuarry
is an abstraction gynecologist yeah
director of pansy pansy Hospital and
then he introduced her to me but at the
beginning I didn't want to meet her
because she was she's a celebrity and I
didn't want to meet celebrities anymore
so she came to Congo and I think she's
the first person I'm not saying woman
she's the first person who asked the
Congolese woman what they wanted and so
they took they told her that they wanted
a roof they wanted to be empowered and
that was my beginning with with v-day
after that we performed the Vagina
Monologues in in many countries in Congo
and it was it was quite hard at the
beginning because also in small town and
since then so I miss v-day since 2007
and explain Panzi Hospital and what dr.
mukwege a was doing at the time around
rape victims in Congo dr. McGregor is
well the word we are using now is
preparing women who are completely you
know destruct bye yeah bye bye rape
because rape like in Busan Bosnia it's
and in other many countries it's used as
a as a weapon of weapon of war and we
are not talking about rape anymore we
are talking about sexual sexual
terrorism and until now you know when we
go at Panzi hospital all the beds are
still full of a woman at the hospital so
it didn't stop at all so talk about city
of joy what this community is that you
have set up who are the women who were
there the woman the woman are survivors
well we said gender violence survivors
but at the end they are all survivors of
rape and it's a center where we train
women in leadership and half of the
program is therapy and I think at the at
the end they
then they spent six months at City at
city of joy and then they go back into
their community and now and then they
organize themselves you know in a in a
network and they are all partner of
v-day now to also recruit women to come
at city of joy and they spread the
message everything they learn at city of
joy they spread the spread it in their
community talk about the overall
situation in Congo what has created this
crisis you have more than a million 1.3
million people fleeing their homes 800
of them children leaving the country
with the highest number of displaced
people in Africa among the population of
79 million four and a half million have
been forced from their homes talk about
where they are going what's causing this
conflict and why so many women and girls
are being raped well the the problem is
really complicated because it's an
economic war you know for coltan that's
something we have in our cellphones and
in our computer and I think like all the
countries you know like in all the
Western countries they don't want this
war to end because they want they want
to mess so they can they can continue to
plunder to plunder Congo and rape was
and is still using as a terror if you if
you look at a map and you see where rape
are committed it's all around around
mines and we still have lots of guns
everywhere and militias so the the goal
is for people to live you know their
villages so they can multinationals can
continue to to to plunder Congo and
that's also one of the reason all the
Western countries they don't want this
war to end they want to do to the cow to
continue so they can just continue to to
plunder the DRC and that's why they
nobody's talking about is silent war in
Congo and they want it they want it to
go on can you expand more on the
conflict because when people I mean when
you hear these numbers the largest
number of refugees and
a war that has gone on for so many years
people in the United States know so
little about what's happening in the dr
city well I think it's very complicated
to explain first of all you have to know
that Congo is one of the richest country
in the world and we have like all the
minerals that you need we have for
uranium we have gold we have we have
coal tar we are dealing with alternate
sweat is use it's what you use on a
cellphone and you know now we just have
cell phones and computer and that's the
reason of the war because if you see if
you look at poor countries there's no
war in poor countries and in Congo you
have all the the multinational from over
all over the world we are there just to
plunder Congo like in in South kiru
where I live we have a big multinational
I'm not going to name it but you know
like they ask the population to leave
and they promise like to build houses
hospitals and they did nothing and they
poison all the river so now we do have
more and more you know like baby were
born you know with with no hands with no
you know with lots of handicapped and
nobody's talking and nobody's talking
about it and I think it's not new
because it was always like this if you
look at congos history you know with the
colonialist
they also they plunder Congo when Mobutu
was there Congo was still plundering and
this country never belonged to Congolese
people today you are starving and you
are dying and they bury you in court and
in gold and you have nothing you have
nothing to eat you you have you have no
clothes you can go to school people are
I think the poorest in the world living
in the richest the richest country and
as long as the the international
community will keep the silence things
will be like this and they will keep the
silence because they they have lots of
interest in Congo and where is the
responsibility of the Congolese
government and outside governments and
the United States
I think the first responsible of course
there are the Congolese the Congolese
themselves because we cannot be
dictate you know from I mean by by by by
the multinationals and by by the outside
Congo has to belong to the Congolese and
our leaders they have well they have to
take the lead and to decide to work for
the people to end the poverty to end the
violence and to end the war but I don't
know why it's not it's not going on
because sometimes I feel that we are
dictated by the outside country we are
under pressure because when we don't do
when the the Congo doesn't do what they
want so they stop all the eight and
that's also one of the reason like all
the church country now they are taking
money from what they call the emerge
country like China and India because
they don't talk about about human rights
they give the money you give the minds
do whatever you want to your people we
don't care and if you talk to for
example European European countries they
stop the eight
so sometimes it's better to look at the
other countries and it's not a good deal
look what's going on with China China
and Africa it's a it's a disaster it's a
scandal so the city of joy how many
women are there we do have a hundred and
eighty a year until now we already have
a thousand and twenty eight graduated
and I have to say it's like we are
planting seeds of revolution because
when I see what the way they are
transforming and the revolution they
bring into their community like to speak
out and to take back you know their
power these are all rape survivors yes
there are all rape survivors and they
really I can I can give you almost
thousands of examples of how they change
their lives and how they really change
their communities and that's what I say
you know the change will come from the
grassroots and they are the one who will
bring this change it will not come from
the top because on the top you just have
you
corruption you have to interest and you
you don't care about they don't care
about what's going on you know we like
in villages
Agnes pareo we talked about what's
happening in Kenya right now at the safe
house for girls as you try to set up a
safe house for girls who are fleeing
from female genital mutilation
you yourself are Maasai how do you talk
to the community about FGM
one good thing is that a Maasai myself
when they know me and I'm a survivor of
female genital mutilation so I talk
about a subject I understand and a
subject I know so what I do is I do Kate
them on the effects of email genital
mutilation and most of our communities
have not gone to school and I use
anatomical model that shows the effects
of female genital mutilation because for
somebody who have not gone to school
when he sees something he cannot forget
so in their model it shows all the types
of female genital mutilation and the
effects of female genital mutilation we
organize meetings with them in the
villages we have groups that we work
with at the village level we also do
school visits we talk to the girls at
the school we talk to everybody in the
family because female genital mutilation
is a culture everybody is involved it
has to come from all of them to agree to
stop female genital mutilation that's
how I get them can you talk about your
own life story ah and how you came to
speak out yes female genital mutilation
happened to me when I was 14 years old I
went home and there are so many people
in our village feasting and dancing and
celebrating then I asked my mom what was
what is happening that there are so many
people here she said well I'll tell you
later
just rest
I'll tell you and then I insisted
because at school I used to have a
friend who comes from a community that
never practiced female genital
mutilation so she kept asking me Agnes
what happens to these girls they come
back to school in December and their
head they have no hair they have been
shaved because after female genital
mutilation because they understanding of
the community is that after female
genital mutilation you are now a grown
up you are ready to be married despite
your yes you are ready to be married so
when I went I had that girl was my
friend who kept telling me Agnes do not
agree to be cut I also come from a
community that don't cut so I I wanted
to keep that promise though I didn't
know the effects of female genital
mutilation by then but as a young small
girl I wanted to keep the promise of my
friend so I told my mom me I'm not going
to be cut she said huh I said yes I'll
not be cut and whom are you going to be
what are we going to call you I said me
I'll not be cut she said I'll go and
tell your father I said go ahead tell
him because I want to keep that promise
of my friend so when my dad was told he
said he that is what they are taught in
school then let us leave her alone and
then my mom my grandmother were all
screaming they didn't know what to call
me so my mom was saying you I'll be
sitting with you in the house and you
are not cut who are you going to be then
slowly the story change everybody in the
community started calling me a coward
they said you know she's a coward that's
why she doesn't want to be cut because
they could not understand why I didn't
want to be cut because I could not
explain more I just had that promise
that I had to keep for my friend so when
they started calling me a coward that
was a lot of pressure on me because I
don't want the whole community to say
that I'm a coward
so I
reluctantly agreed to be cut then the
story again here is that when you are
being cut you are not supposed to cry
and because they had already called me a
coward I had to make sure that I'll not
cry and I'll not make any movement so
you can imagine you are being cut know
Nastasia done on you
this woman is an old elderly woman she's
using a razor blade she cuts through an
extensive Wars because you're not moving
and you are crying I just pray that I
didn't I cried because they would not
have done the way they did it who they
overdid it and I bleed ed he took some
time before I healed so I grew up
hitting it because of the experience
that I went through so when I see young
girls being cut they don't go to school
they are married my interest was to see
the other girls in my community continue
the education because boys had an
opportunity to go to school and then the
girls was in like we are just people to
be married they have as they grow
everybody talks about one I'm going to
marry when I want to be married so we
didn't have anybody else coming to the
community to work in the community for
people who don't understand what female
genital mutilation is and there are
different levels of it can you explain
what you mean when you say cut genital
mutilation is a traditional practice
that we cut the clitoris we have three
types of female genital mutilation that
are commonly practiced we have type one
that is the cutting of the tip part of
the clitoris we have type two that is
existing the cutting of the clitoris and
lobby Amara's leaving us a scar and that
is the type that we practice that is
type 2 in my community and then we have
type 3 and this one involves the cutting
of the clitoris
the lobby madara's and then followed by
the stitches leaving a small hole for
the menses and the urine and this is
practice again by the Somali we have a
type 4 that is practiced by the pockets
this one they do the ignition that is
the removal of the clitoris the labia
majora and labia minora and then you are
forced to to put your leg on top of the
other one so the lips overlap so the
