here on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
this week Johns Hopkins University in
Baltimore Maryland announced plans to
name a new research building after
Henrietta Lacks a former patient at the
University Hospital who's become known
for her immortal cells Henrietta Lacks
was an african-american woman she
permanently changed modern medicine
nearly 70 years ago when it was
discovered her cells could live forever
these immortal cells have helped
scientists produce remedies for numerous
diseases including the first polio
vaccine that has saved hundreds of
thousands of lives this is Johns Hopkins
University President Ronald Daniels
speaking of the ninth annual Henrietta
Lacks memorial lecture shortly before
announcing the naming of the new
building after Henrietta Lacks know each
year this day has of course been an
opportunity afforded us an opportunity
to celebrate and acknowledge Henrietta
Lacks who was through her life and
through her immortal cells not only made
an immeasurable impact on medical
science but contributed to a profound
transformation and our approach to
scientific inquiry and ethics and
integrity that must of course undergird
the entire scientific research
Enterprise Johns Hopkins says the new
Henrietta Lacks campus building will
feature courses and activities that
promote research ethics and community
engagement some members of Lacks family
however criticized Johns Hopkins use of
black cells raising questions about
privacy and patient rights as well as
whether the family should receive
compensation for their use researchers
at Hopkins took lac cells without her
consent when she was a patient there in
1951 she died of cervical cancer the
same year but her cells were soon being
duplicated in labs across the globe for
decades the woman whose cells would save
countless lives was not known by name
instead she was just known
her cells were just known as HeLa cells
AG la the first two letters of Henrietta
Lacks first and last name even her
family had no clue about her legacy
until more than 20 years after her death
last year
HBO made a movie about Henrietta Lacks
and her family's journey to discover her
true history its stars Oprah Winfrey as
Deborah lacks Henrietta's daughter
and Rose Byrne as Rebecca Skloot the
author of the groundbreaking book on
Henry at his life titled The Immortal
Life of Henrietta Lacks this is the
movies trailer for years that seemed
like a dream about our mother could this
be true
[Music]
but you don't understand is we didn't
know nothing but nothing
scientists have been trying to get cells
to grow outside of the human body but
they would always die
until Henrietta's cells came along
I want to write a book about your mother
go Gila go Gila that's my mother
let's hope I don't regret this
everyone's saying Henrietta Lacks
donated themselves
she did donate nothing they took them
and didn't ask the hospital is guilty
and somebody is going to pay have a
disease cure he provide one for himself
oh no I'm not doing anything behind your
back
[Music]
Henriette helped develop the AIDS
cocktail chemotherapy treatments
[Applause]
it's hard not to get caught up in hope
when you've been powerless for so long
[Applause]
I know I'm a part of you can you apart
me
[Music]
that was the trailer for the movie The
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks I
watched it last night after midnight on
the train up from Washington DC in
astonishing film were joined now by two
guests in Berkeley California Rebecca
Skloot joins us the author of the
best-selling book a book on which that
film was made The Immortal Life of
Henrietta Lacks and in Baltimore
Maryland were joined by Jerry lacks why
the granddaughter of Henrietta Lacks we
welcome you both to Democracy Now I want
to start with Rebecca before we talk
about the building to talk about this
story for people to understand how
significant Henry Ella Henrietta Lacks
'iz cells are to the contribution of
science a contribution she did not know
she was making at the time yeah I mean
there isn't a person out there who
hasn't benefited in numerous ways from
the cells you know the vaccines that we
all get were developed using her cells
they were the first Hearst genes with
them some of the first ever sequence
they went up into space to see what
would happen to human cells in
zero-gravity in vitro fertilization was
developed with the help of her cells I
mean just the list goes on and on and on
it's just kind of inconceivable about
Henry a lot Henrietta Laxus cells the
HeLa line what is it about her cells I
mean she had cervical cancer yeah so
these are her cancer cells and she had
an incredibly aggressive cancer that
grew sort of unlike many cancers it went
from a tiny tumor on her cervix to just
within a few months there were just
tumors covering every organ in her body
and part of what mo is amazing about her
cells is that they were first but also
they grow with this intensity that
really was never seen in the labs and
kind of hasn't been cincy seen since and
so what did Johns Hopkins do how did
they realize this and then how did they
start how did they take the cells and
what happened to them yeah so they
didn't realize anything I mean she just
happened to walk into Hopkins in the 50s
at a time when scientists all around the
world were trying to grow human cells
outside the body and it had never
worked and so at Hopkins there was one
of the leading tissue culture
researchers who was kind of at the head
of this field and he was taking samples
from anyone he could get his hands on
any patients who walked into the
hospital himself his kids his friends
and basically was just trying to grow
any cells he could and so it really was
this kind of chance confluence of events
that henriette with this incredible
cancer arrived at the location where
this man had been trying to do this for
so long so it wasn't that they targeted
her that they said oh her cells are
interesting she just went in for a
routine by a biopsy of her tumor and
they just took an extra little piece and
put that in a dish and that's what
became the cell line and and that she
never knew about but they did and they
knew how valuable it was so they didn't
tell her she died and they didn't tell
her family is that where in fact they
understood that they wanted information
from her family as well their genes as
well actually they didn't yeah they
didn't know these were gonna be valuable
so at the time we didn't know anything
about cells they were just trying to
cure cancer they were like if we can
grow cancer cells outside the body maybe
we can figure out why it's so powerful
they had no concept there was no
industry connected to any of this or
biology really in general they hadn't
DNA hadn't been discovered yet so we
they couldn't know that someday they'd
be able to look in these cells and learn
about her family so it's important to
look at this story within the context of
history in that way that they really had
no idea what they were potentially
discovering or that there was
potentially any gain in it and they
didn't they didn't have any sense that
they wanted anything from her family
until 25 years later in the 70s and at
that point you know Jim genome
sequencing was starting and and what
they wanted to do was look at some of
her families her family member cells and
their genes and it was in order to learn
more about the cells there was no
financial interest at that point there
wasn't someone saying oh we can make a
bunch of money if we take samples from
her family it wasn't that at all but
they went back to her kids at that point
because there were things they needed to
know about HeLa cells that they wanted
to be able to learn about her genes in
order to do that and did they explain
this to the lacs family
as they were doing experimentation on
them ya know and that's that's the key I
mean there's sort of several big ethical
moments in the story and the first is in
the 50s they took these samples without
our knowledge you know should we do that
should we not that was the 50s and then
in the 70s when they went back to her
family it was it raises these other
questions about what should you know
should people have to be told when
they're kind of researchers are going
back to them and asking for more samples
and in this 50s we didn't have any
practice related to that there were no
laws saying they needed to ask that it
wasn't standard procedure but in the 70s
it was the law I hadn't had actually
been written saying you have to ask in a
situation like this but hadn't been
codified into law and but at the time
any most people would have asked and
they didn't they the family thought that
they were being tested to see if they
had the same cancer that Henriette had
which wasn't the case so they actually
thought they were receiving medical care
when in fact they were being used in
research and there was no personal gain
to them at all and Deborah her daughter
asked a lot of questions in that moment
about what was going on and just nobody
explained it to her and to me that's the
really the heart of the ethical story is
is that moment when her family got drawn
into research without their knowledge
without the consent and then you know
this continued to happen over the
generations after that um and using her
cells without their consent your book is
published the scientists sequence the
HeLa genome posted online what was the
impact for the lacs family and did you
feel that constituted an ethical breach
before we go to Jerry yeah so right into
in 2013 so three years after the book
came out a group of scientists sequenced
the HeLa genome which had a lot of value
for science because you can learn a lot
about the cells that way but the cells
also contain Henrietta's personal genes
and yeah they posted this online and you
know these days people take you know
swabs of your cheek cells and send it to
companies like 23andme and you get this
report that says everything from you
know you may get early onset Alzheimer's
to you know
you're you have male pattern baldness
jeans or whatever and you know people
often go to genetic counseling to decide
if they want that information they
certainly don't usually publish it
online or have that happen without their
knowledge and that was what happened
with these in this moment was it the the
genome was sequenced posted in line
where anyone could download it and you
could learn a lot about Henrietta her
kids her grandkids from that and so it
was a big moment and also there were no
laws saying that that couldn't happen
and in fact there had just been a
commission Obama had just had his
bioethics Commission look at the
question of whether we were in danger
sort of the way that the regulations
were now of this being able to happen to
people and it was just a couple months
later it happened to the lacs family
which is sort of what happens with bio
ethical questions if it's going to apply
to you or to me or anyone watching this
show related to your cells your genes
privacy it's probably gonna happen to
them first so we you know and that
that's one of the things that the family
in that moment once they found out it
had happened they said okay this is
enough we want to be part of this from
here on out we don't want future
generations to be to have this happen to
them again and sort of a long story
short they ended up taking the the
sequence offline and the NIH ended up
creating essentially a committee with a
few members of the lacs family and some
scientists where now if if you want to
do research using the the genome of the
HeLa cells not the cells themselves just
the genes you have to put in an
application and it's actually reviewed
by a few members of the lacs family to
see if they feel like it's warranted so
I want to bring Jerry lacks Y into this
discussion the granddaughter of
Henrietta Lacks Henrietta Lacks known
around the world her contributions to
medicine are immeasurable but not known
as Henrietta Lacks known as HeLa and the
HeLa cells taken from her name Jerry
when did you understand what happened to
your grandmother cells it was when the
book actually came out that's when I
found out a lot of information about my
grandmother about her tremendous
contributions to science we knew when we
were growing
that she helped with the polio vaccine
we knew that she died from cancer but we
just didn't know what type of cancer she
died from so when the book came out he
gave us so much information that we
didn't know that our parents didn't know
so it was like a generational thing
where one generation didn't know so they
couldn't tell the next generation so now
the grandchildren know every other
children know so we make sure that our
children know so we can carry on so they
can carry the legacy in and bring
awareness to Henriette is tremendous and
huge contributions to science can now
you are involved in the decision of
Johns Hopkins to name the building after
your grandmother Henrietta Lacks can you
talk about the evolving relationship
between you the family and Johns Hopkins
um well we had a discussion last year
about naming a building after Henrietta
Lacks you know some men family members
agreed and some family members didn't
agree about naming a building and that's
expecting we have a large family a lot
of people are opinionated so we was
grateful that they actually moved
forward with naming the building and it
was just amazing because I know at one
point last year when we was talking
about you know what we want to join
Hopkins to do to honor our grandmother
one of the family members said okay well
maybe they should name a wing after
Henrietta Lacks or maybe they should put
a bench near John Hopkins with her name
more named a Henrietta Lacks reading
room inside of John Hopkins but when
they came to us and said okay when we
want to name a building an entire
building after your after your
grandmother you know we was excited and
grateful that actually John Hopkins is
honoring our grandmother and such a
fulfilling in tremendous way now you and
two other family members serve on a
panel at the National Institutes of
Health to approve who gets to use the
HeLa cells in their research
Jerry likes why yes it is as to family
members destined well actually three in
the beginning it was just two but then
he added another family member to serve
on the committee and what we do is just
review applications from researchers
just to make sure that they meet the
criteria is that that has been
formulated to make sure that they meet
what is required of them and just I mean
it has been exciting just to actually
look at even though I'm not a science II
type of person but just to look at what
researchers are using the HeLa cells for
and what they're hoping to accomplish in
the enemy and I just look at is like
these really big words so I have to
Google some of the words to kind of get
an understanding but the main part is
that the family is directly involved
we're not the last to know you know
we're the first to know so I think that
gives us gives us an advantage and and
taking control of our grandmother's data
was any financial deal ever worked out
between the university researchers and
your family the lacs family no no no
compensation and how do you Atari we
wasn't asking how did you feel about the
HBO film with Oprah Winfrey that
portrayed your family and what happened
with your grandmother cells I think the
movie was did a very good job it
definitely got the story out there for
people who are non readers or people
that don't like reading a lot they
portrayed my you know some family
members very well and the only thing I
kind of like okay I'll summited some of
the dialogue it was like a little
country but other than that I mean
everything everyone portrayed each
family member very well I think they did
a very nice job and during the story I
wish it was a little longer like a
miniseries or they could have did a
two-part but in all there was a great
movie I think it was a great movie you
know so many people just come up to us
and just say you know we're happy and
glad that
movie has been done we're happy and glad
that the book has been written because
so many people don't know her story well
don't even know her story Rebecca Skloot
writes one scientist decimates if you
could pile all HeLa cells ever grown
onto a scale they'd weigh more than 50
million metric tons an inconceivable
number given that an individual cell
weighs almost nothing another scientist
calculated if you could lay all HeLa
cells over grown into ever grown
end-to-end they'd wrap around the earth
at least three times spending more than
350 million feet in her prime Henrietta
herself stood only a bit over five feet
tall
Jerry lacks why as we wrap up we just
have ten seconds how proud are you of
your grandmother
Oh where's can't I don't know words
can't describe how proud proud I am of
my grandmother I mean just knowing her
story and what she has done not just for
a certain group or she just did so much
for the world and I'm just so proud that
I had the chance
I'm getting the chance to know my
grandmother to know her contributions
and to actually go out and advocate
we're gonna leave there Jerry likes why
I want to thank you so much and we'll
continue part two with Rebecca Skloot
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks I
mean a good
you
