this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman today we spend the hour
with the veteran New York Times
investigative reporter James risin who
left the paper in August to join the
intercept a senior national security
correspondent this week he published a
15,000 word story headlined the biggest
secret my life is a New York Times
reporter in the shadow of the war on
terror in the story
Rison gives a personal account of his
struggles to publish significant stories
involving national security in the post
9/11 period and how both the government
and his top editors at The Times
suppress his reporting on stories
including the Bush administration's
warrantless wiretapping program for
which he would ultimately win the
Pulitzer Prize in 2006
Rison describes how a story would have
come out right before the 2004
presidential election of President Bush
over John Kerry potentially changing the
outcome of that election but under
government pressure
the New York Times refused to publish
the story for more than a year until
Rison was publishing a book that would
have had the revelations in it first in
his new piece for the intercept
James Rison also describes meetings
between top Times editors and officials
at the CIA and the White House Rison was
pursued by both the bush and then the
Obama administrations as part of a
six-year leak investigation into his
book state of war the secret history of
the CIA and the Bush administration his
refusal to name a source would take him
to the Supreme Court he almost wound up
in jail until the Obama administration
blinked his answer to that saga was to
write another book pay any price greed
power and endless war now in one of his
first pieces for the intercept
he describes the biggest secret my life
is in New York Times reporter in the
shadow of the war on terror welcome back
Democracy Now and Jim rise and it's
great to have you with us thanks for
having me I appreciate it so the story
of what happened with your warrantless
wiretapping story the story of the
wiretapping of Americans throughout the
country more than a decade before Ed
Snowden revealed so much can you go back
in time and tell us what you found
before the election the second election
of President Bush we may not have read
it into the New York Times at the time
but you had written it yeah
well it's in the spring of 2004 I was
meeting with a source who I was talking
to this source and in the process of
talking the source said there's
something that I know that I think is
the biggest secret in the government but
I'm too frightened to tell you about it
right now and I obviously took me aback
and I kind of tried to convince the
source to talk more about it but I
couldn't and I just decided to try to
keep meeting with this source over the
next few months and finally several
months later as I was leaving a meeting
with this source I just turned to the
source and I said you got to tell me now
what what it is that you're talking
about
and finally the source just kind of
started talking about about what he knew
what the source knew and eventually you
know in the course of about 10 or 15
minutes
told me the the outlines of the NSA's
domestic spying program that had begun
under the Bush administration both the
warrantless wiretapping and the
broader effort to gather email and phone
records of Americans and it was the
outlines of of this massive program that
we later learned was codenamed stellar
wind and I then found other people who
could confirm this story and also found
that a reporter sitting next to me in
the Washington bureau the New York Times
Eric Lichtblau was also hearing similar
things and so we started working
together and we had a story a draft of a
story by that fall of 2004 and I decided
to just go through the front door and
call Michael Hayden the director of the
NSA and I called the press person at the
NSA and kind of bluff my way and said I
need to talk to Hayden right away and to
my surprise the bluff worked and he got
on the phone and I just started reading
him the top of the draft of the story
that Eric and I had written and he just
let out this very audible gasp and said
well whatever we're doing is legal and
effective and an operationally you know
legitimate or something and and then he
got off the phone and that I think
pretty soon after that he called the
Washington bureau chief for the New York
Times Phil Talman and that began a very
long that that was kind of the beginning
of the negotiations between the New York
Times and and the government over
whether to publish the story and we had
meetings started meetings in the fall
before the election had a meeting with
the acting CIA director John McLaughlin
and his chief of staff and me and felt
aldman who was the Washington bureau
chief at the old executive office
building
where they were trying to convince us
not to run the story although they they
kept saying you know saying not where
they kept refusing to admit that the
story was true they just kept saying
hypothetically if if this story if
something like this was going on it'd be
too important for the government for you
to a newspaper to report on it Jim
before you continue just explain more
fully what exactly the US was doing the
stellar wind program how exactly the
u.s. was spying on Americans and what it
means the wireless the warrantless
wiretapping story well there were a
couple components of it there were
several components of it there was they
had what we later learned they had
grabbed they they were the NSA was which
was supposed to spy on foreigners
overseas had been turned inward on the
United States by the Bush administration
and so they were spying on Americans
when they were only supposed to spy on
foreigners and they were getting they
were listening into the phone
conversations of Americans international
phone calls with with foreigners without
search warrants without any warrant from
warrants from the secret FISA Court the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
Court and they were also gathering the
phone records logs and email addresses
and messages of Americans throughout the
country and so basically this was the
what we what I was told about was the
outlines of what we now know as all of
the domestic spying that has been going
on since 9/11 it's the same program that
Edward Snowden later leaked documents
about he provided greater you know
detail and showed how it had expanded
beyond what it started out as by the end
of the Bush administration and of course
this is right before the election and
it's issue of invasion of privacy of
wiretapping Americans of reading their
emails of listening in on conversations
you know hits people across the
political spectrum and could have been
pivotal in this Kerry Bush presidential
election yeah I've always wondered what
would have what the impact would have
been if we had written the story before
the election you know obviously I don't
know we possibly had a fairly
significant impact but what happened
instead was you know we wrote the story
we had a draft and then we had meetings
with the editors Eric and I and our
editor Rebecca Corbett that went to New
York to meet with Bill Keller and Jill
Abramson and felt aldman who was the
bureau chief went up as well and Keller
decided not to run it before the
election and we had you know I described
the meeting that meeting in my piece and
it was a very tense tense meeting where
we had some tense exchanges going today
and then afterwards after the election
Eric and I convinced the editors to let
us try again and try to get it into the
paper again in and in December of 2004
we you know had rewritten it and re
reported this story and they killed it
again and what grounds well the same
grounds that the Bush administration
argued that it was too valuable for for
the counterterrorism programs in the
United States that it was the most their
their argument was it was the crown
jewel of counterterrorism programs it
was the most important thing that the US
was doing against Al Qaeda and that if
we revealed it we would be responsible
for you know hurting America's national
security
and so that was the the basic argument
and the editors agreed with that at the
time and your argument my argument was
we had we had sources saying that it
might be illegal or unconstitutional and
that it clearly was they were clearly
going around the system that had been
put in place by Congress thirty years
earlier you know in 1978 Congress passed
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act which set in place a legal structure
for the surveillance of Americans and
others in the United States for purposes
of national security and what it
requires there they set up a secret
court called the FISA Court and when the
government wants to do the kind of
spying that they were doing in this case
they're supposed to go to that secret
court and get a search warrant and what
we found was that they weren't doing
that they were they had decided to go
around the FISA Court ignore the FISA
Court and just start spying on a massive
scale without telling anybody and it was
you know that a lot of people who knew
about it thought it was illegal and you
know our argument I think was you know
terrorists know that the United States
listens to their tries to listen to
their conversations that wasn't the big
secret the big secret was that the
United States government was ignoring
its own laws and so I thought that was
the reason to publish the story then and
later but the national security argument
from the Bush administration won out in
those debates with the editors and what
did the New York Times get in exchange
for suppressing the story on behalf of
President Bush man who might not have
been President if you would actually
publish the story before they didn't get
anything
you know we I guess the only thing they
got was they angered me
and I decided after they had decided to
kill it a second time I took a book
leave and I decided to put the story in
a book because I thought that was the
only way I could get the story out and I
I felt there have been a whole bunch of
other stories that they had killed or
held over the previous few years that I
kind of detail in this piece and so this
to me was like the final straw and I
wasn't willing to do this anymore and I
felt like if I didn't start you know if
I didn't do something that I wouldn't be
able to respect myself anymore I didn't
feel like I could put off you know go
along with these efforts to kill or
suppress stories anymore and so I put
this and another story on a failed CIA
operation in Iran both in my book and
after I wrote the book and had the
manuscript ready to go and edited I told
the editors of the New York Times that
it was the stories are going to be in my
book and that they should publish them
and I told them that like in the late
summer or early fall of 2005 when my and
my book was scheduled to come out in
January 2006 so I gave him I think quite
a bit of time advance warning to to
publish the stories and the so that then
they when I told them that the stories
were going to be in my book that they
were very angry at me they were furious
and you know they thought I was being
insubordinate and that I didn't they
didn't think I had the right to do it
and so it began a very lengthy series of
very tense meetings between me and the
editors
over what to do next
Jim I wanted to go to a CBS 60 minutes
report aired in 2014 when correspondent
Lesley Stahl asked Bill Keller then the
executive editor of The New York Times
about the meeting he was summoned to at
the White House that made Keller decide
not to run your story the president said
you know if there's another attack like
9/11 you know we're going to be called
up before Congress to explain how we let
that happen and you should be sitting
alongside us it was in effect you know
you could have blood on your hands he
was saying if anything goes wrong we're
gonna blame you right so that's Bill
Keller than the executive editor of the
New York Times yes actually that was
actually a later meeting that would that
was the final meeting where right before
they published the story the there were
other meetings earlier with the
government that that led to their
decision not the decision to kill the
story but that actually that meeting
with the president was at the very end
of the whole process so that was at the
end of the process yeah then they
decided to run the story because you
were doing it anyway yeah yeah yeah I
mean they would argue and there's some
truth to it that that the story was much
better by the time by the fault by the
winner of 2005 it's true it was we had
more information and we had a lot you
know stronger understanding of of the of
the program
at the primary you know there were
several reasons that I think in the end
they decided to run the story you know
my book started the whole process all
over again and I think the story was
dead at the New York Times after the
second time they killed it in December
2004 and I think that's you got to say
the only reason they reopened it the
discussion was because I told him it was
going to be in my book
then you know then there was a hole they
they then started this whole series of
new negotiations with the government
throughout the fall of 2005 and a hold a
whole series of meetings and I was
getting very anxious because I knew my
book was coming out in January 2006 and
they they kept having these very whole
series of meetings that went on forever
and culminating in that meeting with
Bush and souls burger and then after
that meeting with between Souls burger
and Bush the White House still wanted
them to meet with more people and I was
at that point very concerned that you
know they weren't going to make up their
mind fast enough and they seemed you
know not to want to admit that they were
facing a deadline and then fortunately
Eric Lichtblau my colleague on the story
came in with new information right at
the end where he was told by a very good
source that the Bush administration had
considered getting a court-ordered
injunction against the New York Times to
stop the publication of the story and
that was the first time since the
Pentagon Papers that the government had
thought about doing that against the New
York Times and so that immediately
convinced the paper to publish the story
that day or that night and so that was
the final reason ultimately that it went
in that night and the Keller called the
White House to tell him we were about to
publish it and then we the difference we
had between with the New York Times of
the 1970s is we had the Internet and so
right after he called the White House
and told them we were able to put it
online earlier than No
normal and then have it in the paper the
next day so it was a you know a process
that lasted you know took up almost two
years of my life really in the end and
this is the piece for which you and Eric
Lichtblau won the Pulitzer Prize yes
yeah yeah and then we did follow-up
stories and of course The Times won the
prize as well right right right yeah it
was a very you know difficult period for
me because first we you know we I was
kind of being thought of as being
insubordinate and then we win the
Pulitzer for the same thing so it was a
it was this weird weird process for me
of of you know fighting internally and
then getting the praise externally and
the Pulitzer committee wrote for their
carefully sourced stories on secret
domestic eavesdropping that stirred a
national debate on the boundary line
between fighting terrorism and
protecting civil liberty when you win a
Pulitzer the editors come out what you
pop the champagne corks were they
celebrating you and did they apologize
to you behind the scenes no they didn't
apologize they yeah we had this
celebration and I think I write in this
story it was very odd for me because you
know a few months earlier I'd felt like
they were I was about to get fired if
this story came out in my book first and
the paper hadn't run it before I was in
the book and now you know they were
having the celebration and I remember
thinking this is one of the most awkward
moments in my life but I just decided
not to say anything about that and just
you know I looked I remember I looked
over at Keller and Salzburger and just
said well you know how tough this was
and it was I felt like at that point I
wasn't going to make a big deal out of
it
a
and of course it isn't about just
apologizing to you
it's about apologizing to the American
people or because it's a global paper to
the world around the issue of what it
means to publish a story that changes
the landscape the politics of a country
James risin we have to break and when we
come back you mentioned there were two
stories that you were publishing in your
book The Times had suppressed and I want
to talk about the other as well and then
what it meant to face jail for not
revealing your source we're not just
talking under the Bush administration
now because though you thought it would
all change under the Obama
administration it only intensified we're
speaking with the twice Pulitzer
prize-winning reporter James risin he's
now the intercept senior national
security correspondent and best-selling
author but before that he worked for the
New York Times and he tells this story
in a fifteen thousand word article at
the intercept calm we will link to it at
democracynow.org stay with us we spend
the hour with the Pulitzer Prize winning
journalist James risin who was a
longtime reporter for The New York Times
now at the intercept where this week
he's published a fifteen thousand word
piece headlined the biggest secret my
life is a New York Times reporter and
the shadow of the war on terror
James risin pursued by both the Bush and
Obama administrations as part of a
six-year leak investigation into his
book and articles his book state of war
the secret history of the CIA and the
Bush administration his refusal to name
a source would take him to the Supreme
Court he almost wound up in jail until
the Obama administration blinked now so
Jim you talked about the warrantless
wiretapping story what about the Iran
story the other story that The Times
ultimately would not publish that end
could have ended you up in jail right I
was in 2003 I got this story that showed
that the CIA had had this really
flawed program to try to influence the
Iranian nuclear program what they had
done was they had taken some Russian
nuclear blueprints that they had gotten
from a defector and then had American
scientists embed flaws into the
blueprints and then they had another
Russian defector other Russian who was
supposed to go give these blueprints to
the Iranians and act like he was a
greedy scientist who would who just
