[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part 2 of our
discussion with Bill McKibben
Bill McKibben co-founder of 350.org
his first book the end of nature
published in 1989 almost 30 years ago
was the first book for a general
audience about climate change we're
headed off to the Bonn climate summit
and we'll be broadcasting for a week
from the UN climate summit but right now
we're joined by Bill McKibben to talk
about well he's written a number of
books on climate change but this is his
first novel and it's called Radio Free
Vermont a fable of resistance bill it's
great to have you with us
Amy thank you so in part one we
discussed all the climate catastrophes
of the last it seems a few minutes
basically even if it's just the last few
weeks and what's happening with the
Trump administration what's going to be
happening in Bonn but I don't want to
you to leave without us talking about
this very novel novel that you have
written Radio Free Vermont talked about
this fable of resistance well I've been
working on this for a number of years
just on the side occasionally just to
keep myself sane but this seemed like
the year to publish it did not seem like
the year for yet another depressing
dispatch from the world of science we're
all beleaguered enough it's been a
psychologically damaging 12 months at
least for me and so the chance to
publish something funny and hopeful
that's what I wanted to do right now and
that's what this is well why don't you
start where you started the buck I'll
read you right from the beginning misses
in Vermont the morning crowd at the
Bennington Starbucks moved through the
time-honored rituals with rope
familiarity ordering their caffeine and
caramel and pidgin Italian waiting like
school kids for their names to be called
and then either exiting into the faintly
cool January air or sinking childlike
into an oversized over plushed armchair
for a hit of the web the stereo played
over and over the same nine songs by
aging aged actually guitar hero Peter
Frampton now appropriately acoustic then
right in the middle of some melancholy
chord a voice crackled over the sound
system a voice that some people in the
coffee shop immediately recognized
greetings Green Mountain Starbucks said
Verne Berkeley and his deep Radio
baritone with just a hint of his
Franklin County upbringing this is a
special message going out just to those
of you in the 19 vermont starbucks shops
the other 34,000 513 starbucks scattered
around the planet earth and aboard are
lazily orbiting space station we'll
continue to listen to mr. Frampton mark
the launch of his new album on Starbucks
label I know that all of us join in
thanking the coffee giant for taking the
musical icons of our various youths and
encouraging them to noodle acoustically
in the background and it is a great
pleasure to know that no matter which
shop you visit the soundtrack will be
the same it's almost as reassuring as
the muffled but um the dump of the womb
but today your friends here at Radio
Free Vermont underground underpowered
and underfoot wanted to take this
opportunity to patch into the streaming
Starbuck signal and remind you that we
still have coffee shops in this state
actually owned by Vermonters coffee
shops where the money in the till
doesn't disappear back to Seattle where
the cream and the mocha sexy Kappa moto
comes from the cow down the road and
where the music on the stereo might
actually come from your neighbors you
can find a list of those stores at Radio
Free Vermont org if the authorities
haven't managed to shut it down today
and don't bother telling them vern sent
you they'll know remember small is kind
of nice so that's the opening paragraphs
of Radio Free Vermont a fable of
resistance so it's this septuagenarian
who runs this radio station and it's the
site of this subversive what happened he
spent his life running a radio station
not not unlike the one that carries your
signal in Vermont wde V I think the only
commercial station in America
Cary's democracy now and but at a
certain point that good independent
local radio station got taken over by
some big corporate entity and he grew
dissatisfied and in a series of
escapades managed to find himself a
fugitive and now with the help of a few
tech savvy friends he's mounting the
kind of underground resistance which
turns in sort of almost despite him into
a move for secession from the Union for
Vermont that engages people across the
state including Vermont's many Brewers
were the were the state with the most
breweries per capita on the planet and
we take it beer extremely seriously you
know is this because I mean actually
this relates to climate change having a
number of West Coast breweries moved
east aside from the ones that grow up in
states like Vermont because of the lack
of water well water is going to be water
is going to be the ace in the hole I
fear for our part of the world we spent
the last 50 years watching everybody
move south and west to get away from
winter well there's not much winter left
up north anyway and there is plenty of
water which is more than you can save
for Arizona there are people who've
begun to worry a little bit about the
tide flowing back the other way we've
got room for some people I don't think
we can take all of Phoenix back in
Vermont but there's room for some now
you actually wrote a piece about
breweries what 10 15 years ago for the
New Yorkers longer ago than that and it
was for The Village Voice when I was
working in The New Yorker as a young man
in New York my friend David Edelstein
now the film critic for New York
magazine and I did I think the first
piece about micro breweries in America
there were only seven or eight of them
them and we went to all of them we liked
the beer but I particularly liked and
this is the kind of through line here
the fact that in the 1980s this was the
really the first stand for against the
kind of homogenized corporatized
consumer culture in our
country this campaign for Real Ale that
had come across the pond from England
morphed here into this amazing brewing
industry that took us from 20 breweries
in America in 1980 20 or 25 mostly big
you know the ionizer pushes in the world
to the point where we now have seven
eight thousand bread it's not a town in
America of any size or appeal that
hasn't managed to have at least one
micro brewery there when I think about
the world going to hell and of course I
think about the world going to hell a
good deal of the time it is worth noting
that you can definitely find better
things to put in your mouth these days
than when you and I were young so there
is a hijacking of beer truck in this
 that's true the Coors Light truck
coming across the bridge from New York
is detained temporarily and the Coors
Light is emptied and replaced with cases
from all 78 of Vermont's micro breweries
and you talked about the radio station
that Radio Free Vermont is modeled on in
fact it didn't get taken didn't but the
guy who's the head of it if you could
talk about him as being a kind of model
for this yes the gaining get one of the
models for this book is a guy named Ken
Squier who whose father actually built
this radio station in the 1930s and who
has run it for many many years ken was
also the voice of NASCAR for many many
years
he brought NASCAR to Vermont yeah well
he brought stock car racing to Vermont
but he went down to he is now in the
stock car the NASCAR Hall of Fame for
his broadcasting
he's remarkable guy our politics don't
always align but the key quote in the
book really in a sense comes from from
him from from a profile I did years ago
of him for Harper's he was hosting the
morning call-in show and he was in favor
of capital punishment and going on about
why and some caller called in and said
you know he laid out a list of
the reasons that capital punishment is
the poor idea that it is and Ken said
well I disagree with you but you may be
right
and I suddenly struck me that that was
the that was the actual voice of a good
working American civilization and it is
the voice we've increasingly lost in the
kind of strident hateful mean place that
we've become the ability to believe
firmly what you believe and and yet
still be able to talk with the people
around you is a pretty nice one and
isn't Ken the famous voice every
Saturday morning show music to go to the
dump by an institution if there ever was
one in the Green Mountain State so let's
go back to Radio Free Vermont and Vern
and this for subversive underground
that's communicating with each other
through this radio station continue with
their escapades and if you'd like to
read a little more from the book feel
free well they they they face the
problem that we all face of how to be
heard in this world and in these guys
case since they're fugitives it's
particularly hard they can't get really
up on the web in the normal way because
they be quickly tracked down but the
young tech genius that's with them has
figured out really that who figured how
to take over the Starbucks and he
figured out that the key was to just
sort of remind himself that underneath
the broadband fast internet whatever
there still remains that that old
architecture that we first got used to
of dialing up on the copper wires you
know and even though nobody's using it
anymore if you go to a garage sale and
buy one of those old blinking modems you
can still through the slow lane get on
the internet with enough power to bring
a radio signal someplace and so they're
broadcasting these podcasts which began
and people in Vermont start to get very
excited by the whole thing after one of
these broadcasts that very night in fact
some Wikipedia with
wielding historian noticed that it was
the 240 seventh anniversary of the day
in 1777 when Vermont declared its
independence from Britain remember
Vermont was an independent republic for
15 years before it joined the other 13
American colonies since that man also
happened to be the dorset volunteer fire
chief
not to mention well into his second four
pack of fiddleheads bracings second
fiddle IPA he sounded the siren on top
of the firehouse for several minutes in
celebration which would have annoyed all
the men who answered the call if he
hadn't had several four packs in reserve
they had cell phones before the deadline
for the 11:00 p.m. news half the towns
on the western side of the state had
sounded their alarms and coverage on the
late news cast from WV TV was enough to
convince the Norwich versa and st.
Johnsbury fire departments that they
were missing out on the fun
the next morning five postmasters in
Caledonia County arrived at work to find
the American flag neatly folded into a
regulation triangle on the front steps
and a Vermont banner flying from the
pole for replaced the flag the fifth
called the local newspaper to take a
picture and by noon that shot was spread
across the New York Times website to
illustrate a future story titled in
quaint Green Mountain Hamlet's a push
for independence Vermont Public Radio
put out a press release acknowledging
that its switchboard had been
overwhelmed with calls from listeners
who thought it was under mont like to
continue describing itself as a member
station of National Public Radio we will
take no position on this controversy the
station said adding but we encourage all
sides in the dispute to pledge their
support in our winter fund drive which
begins tomorrow that's bill mckibben
reading from his new novel his first
novel Radio Free Vermont a fable of
resistance so okay it gains momentum a
little would you call this a little
Catalan esque yes there's there's a
little bit of that but yes I'm afraid
you know it's not really an argument for
secession however Vermont
I don't think can
from the union were very old I think
we're the second oldest state in America
all it would take is threatening to cut
off Social Security and we would
capitulate immediately California on the
other hand I always wonder how long
that's gonna last
California's 40 million people it's an
economy the size of Germany's I mean by
itself it's the fifth largest economy in
the world and it's got the same two
senators that we have in Vermont that's
ridiculous I mean at a certain point how
many people are around 600,000 at a
certain point California I think may
just say we're not entirely sure what
benefit we get from being a part of this
thing and you know and there's a big
mountain range between us and the rest
of you and Washington and Oregon up
above us they might want to come with us
to who knows
so actually isn't Jerry Brown the
Governor of California gonna be leading
a majors it's a big climate summit
that's a really good point in September
of next year for what we're now calling
the new state of term of art is
sub-national actors since the Paris
process is in process of imploding
thanks to Donald Trump it's around the
world governor's regional leaders
mayor's all coming together to do their
part and it's pretty exciting to watch
how quickly that's happening we've been
helping run at 350 a Sierra Club lots of
people have been running this campaign
to get cities to pledge that they'll go
a hundred percent renewable and you know
when it started it was the obvious
places Berkeley signed right up Madison
but now it's you know Atlanta San Diego
Salt Lake City last week st. Louis home
base to Peabody Coal and Arch Coal the
two biggest coal companies in America it
said it would be running on renewable
energy by 2035 so the future may lie I
mean it's true that the most obvious and
efficient way to address a global
problem and they don't call it global
warming for nothing would be to have a
global agree
to get something done but since the US
at the behest of the fossil fuel
industry has managed for decades to keep
that global agreement from ever really
happening
Trump's stuff being just the latest
stage we're gonna have to figure out
some other ways to do it it's not ideal
by any means but it's good to see people
in localities standing up explain
actually how it would work
Trump polling the United States out of
the Paris climate Accord cuz actually
can't happen the way they've written it
till 2020 so the day after the election
that he might or might not win look who
knows if he can officially pull us out
of the Accord or not but what he can and
has done is cut the thing by refusing to
keep any of our promises remember that
the reason we have this weird hodgepodge
of an agreement instead of a treaty was
entirely out of deference to the u.s. to
begin with everybody knew that the US
Senate would never have the votes thanks
to the fossil fuel industry to have
approved by a two-thirds majority a
treaty that did anything about climate
change so instead the entire rest of the
world abandoned their negotiating you
know long-term negotiating posture and
cobbled together this jury-rigged thing
in Paris that was a series of voluntary
promises by one nation after another
even in the face of that we blew the
whole thing up so I you know the the the
notion that the United States is a
serious power anymore is is you know yes
we have a lot of nuclear weapons but
that's about what we've got at this
point I want to turn to President Trump
speak talking about representing
Pittsburgh and not Paris I was elected
to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh
not Paris
so that's President Trump saying he
represents Pittsburgh not Paris what was
the response it was one of the better
raised middle fingers I've ever seen in
American politics a couple hours later
the mayor of Pittsburgh Bill Peduto went
on TV to say you know what mr. president
the city of Pittsburgh is going a
hundred percent renewable energy thank
you very much that's the that's the
attitude and the step that we've all got
to take in response to this kind of
nonsense so talk about what the
alternatives are you've done a lot of
traveling recently and I don't think we
hear as much about this people say we
have to come off of the fossil fuel
economy what our what our country's
people communities doing so the good
news the basic piece of information to
understand is over the last ten years
the price of renewable energy has
dropped so fast and so sharply the price
of a solar panel down about 80 percent
over that period that we no longer have
a serious obstacle to moving to
renewable power ten years ago it was too
expensive now it's the cheapest way of
producing electrons any place on the
planet and you can see that everywhere I
was spent for the new yorker much of the
spring in first in West Africa and Ghana
and Cote d'Ivoire and then in Tanzania
and wrote a piece about the speed with
which rural parts of Africa are now
getting power for the first time thanks
to solar panels these are places I mean
there's still more people on our planet
with no power then there were the day
that Thomas Edison unveiled the first
light bulb there's more than a billion
people on the planet who don't have
electricity most of them in Africa and
they're not ever going to get it I mean
this generation the next generator the
World Bank says they'll still be half a
billion people in Africa with no power
by 2050 if you just wait for the grid to
spread out not to mention the people who
are losing it as we have hurricanes so
instead of waiting for the grid to come
what's starting to happen is the price
of those panels has dropped so fast that
entrepreneurs are figuring out how to
let people
for the 30 cents a day they're spending
on kerosene now for one guttering lamp
in the corner producing smoke and not
much light for that 30 cents a day
people are able to have a solar panel 3
or 4 LED light bulbs cell phone charger
maybe a small television they go very
quickly into at least the beginnings of
what we'd recognize is the modern world
and sometimes it's incredibly moving to
watch it happen I was sitting around
with a bunch of Chiefs at a village in
in Ghana that it installed a solar micro
grid the week before it's always hot
there it's near the equator like 95
degrees
they kept handing me bottles of cold
water to drink which I was grateful for
but in my clueless way it took me a few
minutes to figure out why they were so
proud of this until the Solar micro grid
went in there never ever been cold
anything in this village because there
never ever been a refrigerator it's if
you think about it it's almost a miracle
you can turn a piece of plate glass with
a little bit of silicon wedged in it you
pointed at the Sun and out the back
comes cold and lights and communications
and and all the things we take for
granted
that's a miracle and and it's the
miracle that we could use if we wanted
