this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world on Capitol Hill Republican
Senator John McCain and Democratic
Senator Chris Coons have introduced a
bipartisan bill aimed to protect
undocumented immigrants who came to the
United States as children the future of
the nearly 800,000 dreamers has been at
the center of a major political battle
in Washington but on Monday President
Trump took to Twitter to criticize the
bipartisan bill soon after it was
introduced Trump wrote quote any deal on
daca that does not include strong border
security and the desperately needed wall
is a total waste of time
March 5th is rapidly approaching and
adem seemed not to care about daca make
a deal unquote this comes as immigrant
rights activists are preparing to hold
the protest in Washington Wednesday to
push for a clean DREAM Act to be passed
before Thursday when the government
faces another possible shutdown well as
the battle over the dreamers heats up in
Washington DC we look at a stunning new
piece in The New Yorker magazine
headlined when deportation is a death
sentence it looks at how an unknown
number of men and women have been killed
in their home countries after being
deported or turned away by the United
States the article looks in part at a
Mexican born woman named Laura despite
living her whole adult life in Texas she
was deported to Mexico after a traffic
stop she warned a u.s. Border Patrol
agent when I'm found dead it will be on
your conscience within a week of her
deportation she was murdered by her
ex-husband we're joined now by the
award-winning journalists in New Yorker
staff writer Sarah Stillman also
director of the global migration project
at Columbia University's Graduate School
of Journalism welcome to Democracy Now
Sarah thank you so much for having me
this is such a significant piece it
seems though that the government should
be collecting this data not you and a
group of students at the Columbia
Journalism school about what happens to
immigrants who are deported
but start off where you started in the
piece with Laura's story right so I
wrote about this young woman Laura who
had been living in the u.s. as you
mentioned most of her adult life she's
driving home from work one night and
she's pulled over by a traffic cop at
the time it was relatively unroot een
for a cop to actually ask about her
immigration status but that's what he
did and he chose to turn her over to
Border Patrol in the middle of the night
exactly this is in the middle of the
night and so no lawyers offices are open
at that hour she's driven with some
friends while crying and pleading and
saying look I have this really violent
husband back in Mexico he's threatened
to kill me if I'm sent back please just
give me some time to show you my
protective order to show you why I
should stay here and instead she was
quickly turned over to Border Patrol
quickly then while continuing to cry and
plead taken to the border and sent right
back across the bridge after being
coerced into signing some voluntary
paperwork and she spent most of her life
here in the US she talked about her life
here exactly so she had US citizen
children and you know she'd grown up in
Mexico but you know in her adulthood had
been living in Texas in a community with
many other people who were undocumented
and who at the time didn't tend to worry
the traffic stops would lead to their
deportation to harm but I think that's
becoming more and more typical in recent
months but this was under the Obama
administration that this occurred
clearly the Mexican government doesn't
do any tracking of the people that are
repatriated from the United States is
there any attempt with even within
Mexico to to do a more comprehensive
look about what's happening to the folks
deported yeah I think we really see a
piecemeal we've seen some human rights
workers and some scholars who tried to
document this it's extraordinarily hard
because as you can imagine when people
are sent back it's quite hard to track
what becomes of them partly because
families are so afraid when something
does happen that the fear of retaliation
often means that we don't hear about the
awful things that happened to people
post deportation as you point out
couldn't the Trump administration has
formed a new office called voice explain
what that is so initially when Trump
came into office he expounded quite a
bit on what he perceives as immigrant
criminality and one of the things he
said he would do is
special office for the victims of crimes
committed by immigrants he did not
square that with the data that tells us
that immigrants actually did not commit
more crime than us born individuals and
in fact the opposite has been proven
true in most scholarship on this issue
so the Stata base was essentially going
to also log all the different immigrant
crimes that had been committed and so
part of what I thought about with my
Columbia team at the journalism school
was in some respects we were building a
shadow database to that we were building
a database that showed the many many
people both under Obama and under Trump
who had been deported and then either
killed or sexually assaulted or subject
to other kinds of harm well as you note
in your article the United States
obviously has a long history of
providing sanctuary for those seeking to
avoid a danger or or killing in their
home countries what are customs Border
Patrol agents supposed to do if a person
claims that they fear possible
persecution and what are they actually
doing that's a great question because I
think it's a lot of people don't realize
that in both international law and
domestic law a fundamental US value has
been that we have guaranteed post-world
War two that we will never again make
the mistake of deporting people to their
deaths when they come to us seeking
sanctuary that was created out of world
work too in part because we sent many
people back omits the Holocaust to it
fled Nazi Germany and so what we're
seeing at the border today and what many
human rights groups have been
documenting is that you know border
patrols job is essentially when someone
arrives at the border they're supposed
to ask them a set of questions which
includes you do you fear for your life
if you are sent back and if the person
says yes I do is not their job to
adjudicate that or to try to figure out
whether they think it's credible their
job is simply to pass someone along to a
trained asylum officer we have people
who are very well trained in the next
stage of vetting and people often get to
go before an immigration judge but we're
finding is that in upwards of 50% of
cases often Border Patrol isn't even
asking that initial required question
and sometimes I spoke to many women who
said that they had answered in the
affirmative had said very clearly they
did fear for their lives and nonetheless
the Border Patrol paperwork was marked
that they did not so in the case of
Laura following on this questioning at
the border when she's handed over to
Border Patrol
and she says to the agent when I am dead
it will be on your conscience what was
it his obligation to do well this is
currently being disputed in the courts
because there's been a lawsuit on her
behalf after she was in fact killed when
sent back but ideally someone in her
situation would get to go before an
immigration judge and you know that
historically that was the case that for
a long time people in the United States
when they did articulate these fears if
they articulated them immediately at the
border they would go to an asylum
officer and then they would get to go
before an immigration judge increasingly
we're seeing that the vast majority of
deportations are what's known as summary
deportation so people who are very
quickly turned around directly at the
border and never given a chance to see a
judge or in the case of someone like
Laura who had lived in the country for a
very long time in that case you would
certainly be entitled to a judge so what
have you and your students found there's
been quite a few patterns that we've
seen in this database one of them is
just how often people like Laura get
rounded up in pretty minor offenses so
people who had traffic violations people
who had minor workplace disputes that
actually led to very high-stakes
repercussions so being deported and then
killed we've also seen a real pattern of
women who had fled gender-based violence
who in fact had explicit documentation
of the men who had harmed them in the
past and then they came here seeking to
escape from that and instead were sent
back to the very same men who had harmed
them
and of course we're seeing an uptick
under Trump in the number of people who
were rounded up in the interior of the
country so previously we'd focus mostly
on people who were turned back at the
border but increasingly we're seeing
people like Laura who had very deep
roots here who had lived here for a long
time who had US citizen children who
were sent back I mean Laura the cop who
arrested Laura ended up going to jail
himself is that right he said she was
wavering on the road that he said she'd
been driving between two lanes and who
knows I mean that that's certainly
possible but it's didn't tend to be the
case as I mentioned earlier that people
in that circumstance would be deported
whereas now we're seeing legislation in
Texas known as SB 4 that may soon be
replicated elsewhere in the country that
says law enforcement in fact has to ask
these questions and in fact law
enforcement can be prosecuted
criminally if they do not turn people
over for immigration enforcement
purposes so that's a huge transformation
of a law enforcement that many cops that
I spoke to were worried about that's
what I want at you in her case in
particular because it's one thing a
catch-and-release situation right at the
border but if she was already here in
the country wasn't there a requirement a
minimal requirement for them to for her
to go through some immigration process a
lot of times people voluntarily agree to
be deported to not be detained and put
in a nice Jail but what she never
offered the opportunity to to try to
adjudicate her case yeah I think that's
a critical distinction right we have
different entitlements for people who
have been here for a long time and in
her case she her signature appeared on
the form that was a voluntary removal
form so that's what's currently being
disputed in the courts is that you know
can this be accurately described as a
voluntary removal when in fact she was
pleading and crying and protesting
Border Patrol says that she voluntarily
signed and was sent back as a result of
that and her friend who was there at the
scene says that in fact she had been
desperate not to sign the paperwork so
that's the mystery at the heart of the
case and that was what a judge argued
made her family not able to proceed with
the case so we'll see what happens in
court Sarah Steelman you mentioned us
before known as a show me your papers
bill um in Texas explain what that does
well as before we'll do a number of
things and right now it's currently also
tied up in litigation but one of the
things is as I mentioned regarding local
cops that they are supposed to now ask
people about their immigration status it
also means that you know there's the
sort of crack down the Trump is also
called for in regard to what he and some
others know as sanctuary cities so
places where they have decided not to
turn people over to immigration
enforcement once they're held in local
jails so one of the other patterns we
saw in the database was that there were
some people who came into the criminal
justice system through minor offenses
like one man one cornea guard I know
that I wrote about he had come to the
courthouse for a minor misdemeanor case
and then ice had actually appeared in
the courthouse apprehended him and then
he'd been deported despite claiming that
he believed he would be killed to send
back to Mexico and he was also murdered
and this was more recently
and that crackdown had been explicitly
many believed retaliation for the fact
that Travis County Texas was a sanctuary
City I wanted to ask you about our
president Trump's recent remarks that
his State of the Union where he was
actually talking about the the ms-13 and
the the increasing danger some
undocumented immigrants to the general
American population criminal gangs
yeah did you were you able to hear that
I don't know if we have the clip
available of office that part of his
speech but but could you I think we have
a couple weeds all right let's let's see
let's hear it for decades open borders
have allowed drugs and gangs to pour
into our most vulnerable communities
they've allowed millions of low-wage
workers to compete for jobs and wages
against the poorest Americans most
tragically they have caused the loss of
many innocent lives could you respond to
the president's uh framing of the issue
of why it's necessary to deal with
immigration I think it's absolutely
necessary to treat ms-13 seriously and
that's part of the paradox of how Trump
is reckoned with this is that
simultaneously saying it's okay to
revoke temporary protected status for
hundreds of thousands of people from El
Salvador and send them back to this
country that is really grappling with a
very real ms-13 crisis and saying oh
it's perfectly fine and safe to send
them there despite the fact that you
know ms-13 may actually pose a really
serious threat to those people and he's
saying those people don't deserve
protection here but then he's also seems
to really be intent upon sort of acting
as this ms-13 crisis here has a gravity
that I think empirically we could say
doesn't necessarily compared to a lot of
other threats that we could be focused
on but I think we should take it
seriously and I think we should also be
realistic about the fact that immigrants
do not pose a disproportionate
threat when it comes to crime and in
fact as I mentioned earlier the opposite
has been proven to be the case Sarah can
you talk more about gender-based
violence
absolutely I mean that was a big theme
that we
going back to the realities of needing
to reckon with with ms-13 I think one of
the things that we heard from quite a
number of young women is that they were
being recruited by gang members in
Guatemala El Salvador Honduras who were
basically telling them if you don't
become my sexual partner then you will
be killed and you know I interviewed
several women who had come one woman who
comes to mind this woman Elena she had
actually come here after her brother was
murdered for being gay another brother
was murdered for refusing to join the
gangs and then she herself was subject
to sexual coercion by a gang member and
when she came here she was turned away
by Border Patrol she protested and then
she went before an immigration judge and
one of the really big issues we don't
talk about much is that women who are
fleeing those kinds of circumstances who
even do get a chance to go before a
judge often are told that they don't
qualify for asylum or other kinds of
legal relief because our Asylum system
was crafted post-world War two often the
concerns that it was crafted around
don't reflect the current reality of
gang violence and gender-based violence
and of course a lot of this gang
violence is the historical roots of it
is not really ever discussed here in the
United States I remember back in 1992
covering the the Los Angeles Riots after
Rodney King and the Chicano community
was it the longtime mexican-american it
was very upset about the rise of ms-13
back then we're talking 25 years ago and
they saw it rooted in a spillover of the
Central American civil wars in the US
intervention that it was the original
ms-13 gang members were actually former
National Guardsmen from Salvador who had
moved here to the United States and and
there was a culture of violence that had
actually spilled over from Salvador
Guatemala into the western United States
and they sort as a direct result of US
intervention but that's never talked
about these things I think you can't
talk about what's happening right now
without talking about that exact history
you just point to do both the history of
the Central America wars and the u.s.
involvement in them and also the history
of this set of cycles around deportation
the idea that many of these gangs
started on the US side and in US prisons
and on US streets and then we're
deported back without a real plan about
how that would be dealt with and then
we've seen this this cycle before and so
we need
to look at how do we address those
causes I would argue Lauren Laura's
mother ultimately ended up working with
Jennifer Harbury a well known for her
work around watt Amala and the us-backed
sadly slaughter in Guatemala can you
talk about that relationship in Bath's
Jennifer Harbor is a really fascinating
person who's had a pretty remarkable
life and she was married to a man from
Guatemala who actually had been that had
led to litigation that Jennifer had been
a part of after her husband disappeared
she had staged a hunger strike this was
quite some time ago in the midst of
those Wars she later found that there
was US involvement in a cover-up about
her husband's murder and torture and
pretty violent circumstances and so she
was certainly a vehicle through which to
tell the story of the u.s. involvement
back in the 80s and how that stretched
all the way up into repercussions in the
present day well you spoke about history
and let's end there turning to a clip
from the 1976 film voyage of the Damned
the film based on the true story of the
1939 voyage of the MS Mississippi which
sailed for Havana from Hamburg Germany
carrying over 900 jewish refugees
fleeing the Nazis the Cuban government
refused to entry to the passengers so
the ship made its way to the US where
the Coast Guard delivered the following
message as portrayed in this clip from
the film attention captain st. Louis
you are violating us territorial limits
do not approach any closer do not
attempt to land you will not repeat not
to be permitted to talk at any United
States port acknowledge signal message
received and acknowledged a clip from
the 1976 film voyage of the Damned the
ship was left with no choice but to
return to Europe and talk about what
happened Sara alright so these people
had come here fleeing Nazi Germany and
in fact they were turned back and I
believe it was upwards of 250 of those
individuals who were turned back or
ultimately found to have been killed in
the Holocaust I didn't know until
researching this story that others such
as Anne Frank her father had actually
applied to get the family refugee status
here and they had also been rejected and
of course she later died in the
concentration camps as well so you and
your students are continuing to search
