this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman two weeks after the mass
school shooting in parkland Florida that
left 17 people dead 14 students and
three teachers President Trump appears
to have broken with the NRA and his
Republican colleagues at a televised
White House meeting with lawmakers
Wednesday Trump urged Republican and
Democratic lawmakers to pass
comprehensive gun control to be very
very powerful on background checks don't
be shy very strong on mentally ill you
have to be very very strong in that and
don't worry about bumps Rock we're
getting rid of it where it'll be out I
mean you don't have to complicate the
bill by adding another two paragraphs
we're getting rid of it I'll do that
myself because I'm able to fortunately
were able to do that without going
through Congress during the meeting
President Trump accused Pennsylvania
Republican Senator Pat Toomey of being
afraid of the NRA think of it you can
buy a handgun you can't buy one then you
have to wait to you 21 but you can buy
the kind of weapon used in the school
shooting at 18
I think it's something you have to think
about over so I'll tell you what I'm
gonna give it a lot of consideration and
I'm the one bringing it up and a lot of
people don't even wanna bring it up
because they're afraid to bring it up
but you can't buy a handgun at 18 19 or
20 you have to wait you 21 but you can
buy the the gun the weapon used in this
horrible shooting at 18 you are going to
decide the people in this room pretty
much you're going to decide but I would
get very serious thought I can say that
the NR as opposed to it and I'm a fan of
the NRA I mean it's no bigger fan I'm a
big fan of the inner way they wanted to
reduce it great people these are great
Patriots they love our country but that
doesn't mean we have to agree on
everything it doesn't make sense that I
have to wait till I'm 21 to get a
handgun but I can get this weapon at 18
I don't know so I just curious as to
what you did in your bill we didn't
address it as president look I think you
know why cuz you're afraid of the NRA
it's a big issue right now a lot of
people a lot of people's if a lot of
people are afraid of that issue raising
the age for that weapon to 21 after the
White House meeting that stunned people
across the political spectrum the NRA
criticized President Trump and are a
spokeswoman Jennifer Baker said quote
while today's meeting made for great TV
the gun control proposals discussed
would make for bad policy that would not
keep our children safe instead of
punishing law-abiding gun owners for the
acts of a deranged lunatic our leaders
should pass meaningful reforms that
would actually prevent future tragedies
the National Rifle Association said well
we're joined now by three guests in
Washington DC Randi Weingarten is with
US president the American Federation of
Teachers she wrote an open letter to
Trump on Wednesday explaining her
opposition to his push to arm teachers
which he's continuing to do also in
Washington DC Chris Brown co-president
at the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun
Violence and here in New York Andy
Pelosi executive director of the
campaign to keep guns off campus I want
to begin with Chris Brady I want to
bring in with Chris Brown who is one of
the co-chairs of the Chris of the Brady
Campaign the Brady Campaign of course
named for Jim Brady who was shot in the
head in the attempted assassination of
Ronald Reagan Chris Brown what was your
response to yesterday's White House
meeting well just after the meeting my
co-president avery gardner and i issued
a release saying that we agree with
president Trump and actually think that
a comprehensive approach to the issue of
gun violence is long past due that a
comprehensive expansion and support of
our background check system is necessary
that we should look at the issue of
assault the assault weapons ban and you
know the other issues that he embraced
we are clearly in supportive and
actually legislation is pending in
Congress to do all of those things we
appreciate that he wants to have a
comprehensive solution that he appears
to be bucking the
our a and we certainly hope Congress is
able to deliver a comprehensive package
to him to solve this issue now he still
did call for the arming of teachers and
I want to go to that meeting where
President Trump stood by the idea of
arming school personnel
first we must harden our schools against
attack these include allowing people
with a certified training very talented
people to carry firearms and some people
are going to disagree with that and I
understand that I fully understand it
and if you do I want you to speak up
today and we'll listen
randi weingarten your response to this
proposal you know the more you know
about this the more you know about
schools and the more you think through
this proposal the more insane it is and
and it's not that we don't believe that
there should be a comprehensive solution
we completely agree with what the folks
from Brady just said and all the issues
that they have have raised and we have
reirei x'd over the course of the last I
don't know 10 years or so but think
about what he's saying even prisons
don't arm a correction officers in the
interior of a prison first schools need
to be safe sanctuaries not armed
fortresses and if we can do that with
planes and we can do that with federal
courthouses we need to be able to do
that with schools where our kids are
secondly think about what he's talking
about logistically what what is a
kindergarten teacher going to wear up
her gun on a holster what about somebody
who has been certified where's that gun
gonna be is it going to be in a lock
thermal closet is it going to be in a
locked closet was the key gonna be is a
is a handgun
actually gonna be able to stop someone
who is deranged with an ar-15 so you
know there are lots of things we should
be doing like you know if communities
want there should be armed security
personnel who are trained in the
perimeter of schools there should be a
bunch of different safety issues a fter
ideas there should be the mental health
issues but we also have to get guns off
the streets and and and not into schools
I want to bring Andy Pelosi into this
conversation
Andy Pelosi trajector director of the
campaign to keep guns off campus now
that's mainly college campuses you're
talking about but you've worked
extensively for years in Florida and of
course across the country President
Trump did repeatedly say that gun-free
zones are the most dangerous places
there are they attract killers he said
and I really think that that's a myth in
and of itself I mean the mass shootings
that we've seen over the years most of
those mass shootings have been done by
people that either have grievances in
the workplace or they have some type of
a connection to the school there's
always a connection for the most part
and and in many cases those people know
that they're going to die during that
incident so I did want to just tag on to
what would Randy just mentioned that we
were full support of not on he teaches
the last thing we need to do is be
adding more guns into the mix the
students in parkland and across the
country they're leading on this issue
and it's very important for us as
advocates as well as elected officials
to listen to them they are they're angry
but they're also afraid and and we have
to hear that and do something about it
there are other things we could be doing
to protect the schools environmentally
hardening our schools there are so many
things short of introducing weapons
teachers should not be carrying weapons
and that's non-negotiable for us in
Florida right now so I'm gonna play a
clip and I want people to guess who is
speaking
we believe in absolutely gun-free
Oh tolerance totally safe schools
[Applause]
that means no guns in America's schools
period with the rare exception of law
enforcement officers or trained security
personnel yes that is Wayne LaPierre
head of the NRA speaking almost 20 years
ago in 1999 after the Columbine massacre
in which 13 students and one teacher
were killed
that's Wayne LaPierre Andy Pelosi yes
and and after Columbine don't arm
schools and talking about the importance
of gun-free zones right and and their
solution again the gun lobby's solution
to this problem is adding more weapons
whether it be on our streets with
concealed carry permit holders or in our
schools having teachers whose main job
whose only whose main job was to teach
our kids that's not the solution and
when you talk to security experts that
is Wayne that's Wayne LaPierre with a
completely opposite point of view he's
saying what you're saying he was saying
what we're saying yes 19 years ago after
Columbine yes but he doesn't feel that
way anymore in fact he has seriously the
NRA has gone after even now President
Trump in what he has proposed Chris
Brown the clips one after the other were
quite astounding for example when Steve
Scalise the Majority Whip in the House
who is a shooting survivor himself we
didn't know he would make it for a
little while on ball field just a while
ago but has recovered and was talking
about concealed carry let's go to
Congressman Steve Scalise and president
Trump's response if you look at the
concealed carry population these are
people by and large who are helping us
stop crimes these are people who are
well trained but who actually go out
there and help prevent crimes someone
hope that that's not immediately
dismissed because there is a lot of talk
of just putting that on the side and
just do things
you know I'm your biggest fan of them
all I think that maybe that bill will
someday pass but it should pass as a
separate if you're gonna put concealed
carry between states into this bill
we're talking about a whole new ballgame
and you know I'm with you but let it be
a separate bill I mean the Republicans
were gobsmacked in the room Chris Brown
of the Brady Campaign were you this is
President Trump admonishing a shooting
survivor who wants concealed carry who
one of the most powerful forces in the
house we were pretty pretty surprised
but then again President Trump likes to
be you know his own man so he says and
so you know ultimately the policy
directives that he embraced in that
meeting yesterday are Foursquare in line
with what we know at Brady is necessary
to save lives the concealed carry
so-called concealed carry reciprocity
bill that representative Scalise was
referencing we call the armed anyone
bill it would basically allow anyone to
obtain a concealed carry license
anywhere at any time and law enforcement
opposes it it effectively eviscerates
permitting standards and other
requirements that states have put
together to determine who can carry a
concealed permit when it Trump's on
states rights and we think it's very
sensible that the president is saying
you should not include a bill like that
and Bill's like expanding background
checks and closing gaps in the
background check system that actually
are about saving lives explain the
background checks explain what is being
asked for explain when someone says
background check how they make the
eviscerating background checks and what
a meaningful background check system
would look like happy to do that thank
you so much and I have to say yesterday
was the anniversary of the Brady
background check system the 24 year
anniversary
of it that law was enacted actually in
1994 and what it says is if you're a
federally licensed firearms dealer
you're required to conduct a background
check before someone purchases a gun the
issue is that in the time since that law
was enacted there's this thing called
the internet and there are gun shows
where private sellers who are not
subject to the law are able to sell guns
as a result one in five guns sold today
is sold without a background check we
also have a system that allows a
background check to precede the sale to
proceed if the background check has not
come back within 72 hours that's called
the Charleston loophole because that's
how the shooter in Charleston was able
to secure a gun the background check had
not yet come back on him after three
days and the seller sold it anyway and
he went on to kill people at AME Baptist
Church we want those gaps closed it will
save lives the background check system
today has stopped the the sale or
purchase of three million guns to
individuals we all deem dangerous the
third thing we want is an investment in
the system so that federal and state
agencies charged with in putting names
into the system have appropriate funding
to do that we saw the problem with lack
of that with a Sutherland Springs
shooting where the shooter had a charge
against him and a conviction that should
have been put into the background check
system by the Air Force
it just wasn't put in he attacked his a
wife and baby or partner and baby that's
right he'd been dishonorably discharged
from the military his record therefore
should have been put into the system by
the Air Force within 24 hours they did
admit that we have a problem many state
and federal agencies are not
appropriately inputting the name and
names into the system that needs to
change so what what Donald Trump appears
to be embracing is an expansive reform
of the background check system there are
bills pending in Congress to cover all
of these things that will save lives we
want that comprehensive package
presented to him for
mature and when President Trump spoke to
Senator Cornyn who was right next to him
who is sponsor of the fix next bill can
you explain what this is why you feel it
doesn't go far enough although by the
end of the meeting
Trump was turning to him and saying
you're gonna add all this other stuff
right yes he was so the the fix next
bill is an important first step so what
it would fix is that last issue I just
referenced it provides more money to
state and federal agencies to ensure all
names we already agree and they are
required to be put into the system
are put into the system what it doesn't
do is actually address the gaps in the
system that allow one in five guns sold
today to be sold without a background
check so it doesn't close the private
sale loophole and it doesn't close the
Charleston loophole that allows a gun
purchase to proceed even without a
background check so we want universal
background checks and we want
appropriate funding to state in federal
agencies and there are three bills
pending that would do all of those
things and those bills are there is the
fix next bill there's a bill I don't
have the the number but it's in the
House and the Senate to actually close
the Charleston loophole and there's
another bill introduced also by Senator
Murphy that would close the loophole the
one-in-five loophole and ensure that all
background checks applied to all gun
sales whether private or through
federally licensed Senator Chris Murphy
who was elected right after Sandy Hook
right before Sandy Hook but before he
took office we're gonna continue this
conversation Chris Brown is a head of
the Brady Campaign Andy Pelosi is with
the campaign to keep guns off campus and
Randi Weingarten is ahead of the AFT the
American Federation of Teachers after
that conversation we're going to
Copenhagen we're going to talk about
what's happening in the Arctic stay with
us here on democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report we're gonna go back to the White
House meeting yesterday that stunned
people across the political spectrum
but may well be attributed to what took
place well very far away in parkland
Florida where the kids were returning to
school that's right where the children
who have survived the Parkland massacre
the Valentine's Day Massacre where
Nicholas Cruz opened fire with a ar-15
and killed 17 people 14 students and
three teachers they went back they're
going back for a few hours each day not
allowed to have backpacks don't they
don't want them to have books they have
over hundred dogs to help them feel good
in the school many many many counselors
and interestingly in the morning they
didn't go to their homeroom they went to
the room they were in or the group of
people they were with the freshman
building where the shooting happened was
sealed off they went to their fourth
period class so that they would be with
the students they were with when the
massacre took place to draw comfort to
be back together again this is the
pressure on the Florida Legislature this
is the pressure on the White House right
now this is the pressure on Congress
these young people in mourning are also
taking aim and they haven't stopped
since right after the massacre demanding
that the adults take action that they
passed legislation they want these
assault weapons out of the hands of
those who could kill them so we're going
back to this White House meeting on guns
and this is President Trump speaking
about how law enforcement should respond
to reports about potentially dangerous
individuals the firearms first and then
go to court because that's another
system because a lot of times by the
time you go to court it takes so long to
go to court to get the due process
procedures I like taking the guns early
like in this
crazy man's case that just took place in
Florida he had a lot of farms they saw
everything to go the court would have
taken a long time so you could do
exactly what you're saying but take the
guns first go through due process second
take the guns first go through due
process second Chris Brown head of the
Brady Campaign can you respond well I
have to say among the various things
that he said I found that the most
surprising you know we have long
supported the enactment of what are
called extreme risk protecting
protection laws five states now have
them embedded in every single one of
those is a due process standard and it
basically allows family members in law
enforcement who have an at risk
individual or see an at risk individual
someone at risk to themselves or others
to have an expedited process and review
and hearing before an order is issued we
think that's appropriate despite that
fact actually in the fact that due
process is incorporated in every state
that has now enacted these laws the NRA
has fought us tooth and nail every step
of the way saying that somehow due
process is not considered so it was with
some shock that I watched Donald Trump
basically say that a hearing is actually
not even necessary and that if law
enforcement see guns with someone who's
at risk they should just seize them at
that time
and then I wanted to turn to Democratic
Congress member Stephanie Murphy in
yesterday's meeting I have a bipartisan
bill to remove remove the so-called
