[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
according to the American Psychiatric
Association bipolar disorders are quote
brain disorders that cause changes in a
person's mood energy and ability to
function bipolar disorder used to be
called manic depression every year some
forty four million Americans experience
mental illness of which almost 6 million
are diagnosed as bipolar well in her
remarkable memoir titled mental lithium
love and losing my mind
Jaime Lowe shares and investigates her
experience with mental illness and the
drugs used to combat it she was on
lithium for 20 years but was forced to
go off it when she experienced serious
kidney problems as a result of the
medication she points to statistics
published by the CDC the Centers for
Disease Control that show the use of
prescription medication for
antidepressants among all ages increased
nearly 400 percent over the last two
decades in this part to discussion a web
exclusive Jamie will talk more about her
experience with bipolar disorder still
associated with social stigma despite
affecting tens of millions of Americans
and talk about why'd she chose to come
out and talk about this so publicly in a
memoir Jamie it's great to have you with
us and to continue this conversation in
part one of our discussion you talked
all about well-being in a psychiatric
ward at UCLA at the age of 16 you talked
about traveling to the Bolivians salt
mines where half of the world's lithium
is found you talked about taking lithium
for 20 years and what it meant to you
let's start now by talking about the use
of prescription medication for
antidepressants among all ages
increasing nearly 400 percent over what
period of time what does this mean of
course it means for lithium and all
other drugs so I think part of that is
just that psychiatric care is in its
infancy I think that when you think
about how the FDA has approved medic
and how recently that's been lithium
wasn't improved actually until the early
70s and that's you know very slowly
thereafter other medications have come
out as being effective for depression or
being effective for anxiety being
effective for insomnia and I think
basically the industry has grown and has
been marketed you know exponentially I
think that that's really excellent in
some ways because the pills can really
help and I think it's also really
detrimental in other ways because you
have this shift from analysis to you
know basically prescription where you
have what do you mean by analysis
psychoanalysis and therapy and
counseling and talking and figuring out
basically why you're in a situation that
you're in and sort of help with that
situation
now that doesn't necessarily mean you
have to do you know five days a week so
Freudian analysis or Jung in theory but
I think's like having a support system
somebody who's there who's talking to
you and who you're talking to and who
can identify when things are kind of
falling apart that outside persona is a
really important factor that's
completely missing from me okay is this
an absolutely critical talk
I mean discussion how many doctors
psychiatrists psychologists have talked
about this where they now can only see a
patient for something like 20 minutes or
less which only leaves them time to
prescribe and they desperately want to
speak to the patient they feel they are
doing a disservice to their patients to
figure out all the things that you're
saying that comes with talk therapy
mm-hmm but according to the medical
system we have today they're there to
simply write out prescriptions and a lot
of that is because that those are GPS
doing that your general practitioners
who are writing psychiatric you know
prescriptions for psychiatric care and
you don't have the other side of it but
even the psychiatrists who work in
clinics are now given the time to
actually talk to their patients and
psychiatrists with the MD being a
to prescribe they become a prescription
mill even if they don't want to be right
I mean I think they that's it makes it
so the psychiatric care is for is
socialized in a way that you have people
who have enough money that can actually
afford to pay for psych I mean my
psychiatrist is not on my health
insurance and so I've paid I think more
than a hundred thousand dollars over the
time that I've been seeing him just to
see him and that's when I work for
that's I work so that I can pay him he's
probably my second biggest expense
outside of my housing and you know it's
well worth it I am functional but you
know I say that I'm really lucky because
I can do that
almost I'm like in the 1% of you know
the mentally ill because so many people
cannot afford to do that and could never
even entertain that concept well I mean
one of the things that you say is that
there was a huge shift in public policy
regarding a mental health in the mid 80s
that made health care so much healthcare
for mental illness so much more
difficult to access for so many people
so can you talk about what prompted that
shift and what the effect of that has
been sure I it was actually I think I
was talking about it with you earlier
and I said mid ideas and I should have
said early 80s because Carter actually
had a mental health system to act that
he was going to that he had put in place
that would have had community care it
would have devoted a lot more federal
funding for mental health recovery and
care um
the following year in 81 Reagan repealed
the Act and that took 30% of funding of
federal funding away from mental illness
I care so and then as like from 81 to
now like there's been a steady decrease
in terms of funding and in terms of just
even awareness of how much we can take
care of people we have in 2010 I think
there were 43
psychiatric beds in the US and that was
the same number that we had in 1850
which is crazy like in 2010 we had we
have 43,000 psychiatric beds which is
the same number that we had in 1850 well
I want to go to the actual diagnosis
that you received of bipolar disorder 1
this disorder used to be called manic
depression I mean the period you're
speaking of where this shift occurred in
the 1980s it was called manic depression
now in terms of your own experience your
own symptoms do you think that the term
bipolar captures something that manic
depression did not why was the term
changed I don't know why it was changed
because they it doesn't
I think manic depression actually
captures what I go through perfectly I
think it was there's a stigma to it and
it was shifted to something else I'm I
think Carrie Fisher has I'm gonna
paraphrase her because I can't actually
say her words perfectly cuz she is
amazing but she's basically said bipolar
is like a sexual bear it's not like she
always wanted to be called manic
depressive and that bipolar always
sounded weird to her um I don't like
have a preference one way or the other I
know what I go through and I know what
other people go through based on that
and based on what they tell me and
describe that I'm I mean it's basically
it is I mean the way they my first
psychiatrist described it was that it
was like being high on cocaine so that
it's like one one thousandth of that
because I when I first tried cocaine I
was like this is not at that exciting
this is like nothing compared to what I
had experienced without being on any
drugs um which is not to say that you
know it was a good thing because you
it's like that high but then that
destruction that comes with it so does
it always come with it yes I think it
does
Mimi and I and then the law yeah I mean
I think the high
leads to poor decision-making it leads
to you know any number of kind of I sent
about 1,000 emails to colleagues about
story ideas that were like you know
beyond recognizable and I was like
writing poetry and like singing musicals
that I had written in ten minutes that I
thought were amazing and like you know I
I was very out I would talk to anyone
who like any I would say anyone who
would talk to me but it was actually I
would just talk to anyone like whether
they wanted me to approach them or not
and actually that was one of the things
my mom I says is that when for the
second episode one of the first signs
that she thought that I was getting
better was that when we were in an
elevator and I didn't talk to every
single person in that elevator Jamie can
you talk about what you write at the end
of your book which is I am lucky not
everyone is there is a real spike in
adolescent suicide without even talking
about suicide attempts can you talk
about what it means for girls for boys
for women for men I think I'm looking in
more ways than I can probably articulate
because I'm lucky in terms of my family
and I have so much family that's always
been so supportive and kind of there to
pick up the pieces and then I'm also
lucky in terms of even when I couldn't
pay for health insurance or I couldn't
pay for therapy that I knew that there
was somebody who could I don't think
everyone has I know everyone doesn't
have that I know that very few people
have that and I think they um it's a
travesty actually that mental health
care is a luxury item and it's really I
just I feel lucky that I am here I mean
there are a lot of different ways I
could have not been
here and I think that I'm lucky well I'm
lucky that the medications have worked
too because they don't work for a lot of
people one of the the strange things
which you also point out is that there
still despite this massive prevalence of
mental illness there's still a kind of
social stigma that's attached to it I
mean if someone has cancer or any other
kind of physical illness people don't
you know have a difficult time accepting
it but with mental illness there is
still a stigma why do you think that is
and and how do you think people should
be thinking about mental illness I think
they I think there's still a stigma
because it's it's thought of as as a
type of weakness that you can't control
yourself that you can't control your
environment that you can't control the
world around you because you're reacting
in a way that is outside of your norm
and I think that you can sometimes see
from like you can see yourself acting
and say this is not what I would
normally do but this is what I'm doing
um I think they because it's been
thought of as a weakness um people are
afraid to kind of say that they've
experienced that - you described in your
book about the importance of your family
like you dedicate this to all your
parents your parents are divorced you
say you've got you know many many
parents but you also attack your family
right at the in the lows of and in the
highs of what you experienced you
accused your father being abusive and
you said that in fact he wasn't abusive
what do you say to families of people
who have manic depression where they
become the target those that want to
help the most become the target I
totally cop out because it's so hard for
me to say what the people around me have
experienced I sometimes just tell them
to call my mom or my dad or my stepdad
or my said mom but um I don't know
you know like I have always been the
center of all of my own
a terrible explosive you know awful
episodes and so I don't know how I would
react to me if I were in the reverse
position like I think you have to have a
lot of patience I think you have to
basically try and just keep trying and
keep trying to keep that person well and
there and close but I really don't know
like I you know how you want people to
respond to you so how do you want those
family members to respond to you so I
actually you know I I was a real menace
I was her old you know you're really
like you don't want to talk to it you
don't want to hear any rules you hear
anything from anybody you just sweat I
like you I was like chain-smoking I was
I was like totally a not nice person to
the people around me and I didn't want
to hear anything from them and if any of
them had said like oh you're
experiencing mania
you're gonna get better you need to like
take medication we've been like you
don't know what you're talking about
like you need to just like back up and
stop talking to me like I'm gonna figure
this out on my own and it'll and there's
you know that's the really scary part I
think is when it's just not getting
through and over and over again and I
get a lot of letters from people over
the book or who read the article I wrote
for The Times magazine and I honestly
like I don't know what can connect with
someone where there that moment where
you're like I really do need this help
I really am destroying everything around
me I really am not functioning the way
that I should be this really is a late
can you think of a moment where someone
intervened when you were pushing them
away that made an enormous difference in
your life I mean I think they all were
trying to intervene at some point there
was a moment of clarity and I think it
was only after being worn down for so
long and so many times by everyone
around me
that I remember because they all of my
parents would continued working during
my second episode because they had no
idea how long it was going to last and I
couldn't afford to not work and so I
remember it was sort of like they would
rotate babysitting duties with me um and
my stepdad took me to
Jerry's deli in LA and he was just like
you like you have no idea what you're
doing to your mom like she's and he was
like I think he was at his wits end and
I had this moment where I was like I
don't have any view that you're right
but I kind of remember the bean soup I
remember the deli I remember sitting
there with him and I remember thinking
like maybe something is wrong I think
one of the reasons as you suggest in
your book that your family was so
helpful and going back to what we were
talking about with social stigma is that
they realized that what you were going
through was not a choice I mean it was
an illness that you were in you know
afflicted with not something that you
had the volition you know to control
mm-hmm and do you from the people that
you heard from all the people you you
received letters from after you wrote
that New York Times piece and no doubt
after this book as well
did many people say that those around
them those close to them had responded
in this way in other words thinking that
they had a choice and they just had to
get it together or however people
understand it
I think they that's how some people see
it I think that's definitely true and I
think they you know I think it's it's a
really similar situation to alcohol and
a narcotic dependency and I think that's
why a lot of times they're kind of like
woven and together where we're trying to
self-medicate with either you know drugs
or booze or whatever and I think that
the thing with alcoholism
and drug abuse is they you are
essentially instigating and being out of
control and being a different person
than who you preternatural er without
those substances and I think with mental
illness you're out of control and you're
this other person without the drugs that
you would be taking but it's a similar
situation where you're kind of you've
lost control and you're not necessarily
who you are when you are functioning and
waking up and who you would be at your
best day Jamie though this goes to the
question of social stigma and that is
how you decided to write this book
really to come out publicly you're a
professional journalist you write about
many different kinds of issues and then
you embark on this journey writing
mental lithium love and losing my mind
talk about the decision you made and
your concerns about it and the kind of
response you've gotten to it mm-hmm it's
funny because my concerns were probably
more professional than they were about
being bipolar and coming out as bipolar
just because like I said earlier I have
no filter I don't I don't know to be not
talking about it
by the I think they I didn't want to
only be a writer who was writing about
myself and I didn't only want to be a
writer who was writing about mental
illness even though the mental illness
was something I was fascinated by and I
wanted to know more about and I felt
like there was definitely like deep
investigation to be done there and
especially because it touched me so
personally I think that that was why I
ended up writing the book was there were
a lot of unanswered questions or a lot
of threats to follow and I wanted to do
it in a way where it was not a
traditional memoir was only my story I
wanted to do it so that there was
information in woven and and have you
felt any any effects of writing this
book or writing the piece you did in the
New York Times magazines publications
you'd want to write for about many
for an issues raising this or maybe it's
much more subtle and you'd never know I
think people are nicer to me I don't
know I mean I have no idea it's the same
like I don't have an alternative to
gauge by so I did it it's out there I
think um you know the first book I wrote
was also sort of related to mental
illness and I don't think I realized
that fully it was about ol Dirty Bastard
from the wu-tang clan and he was
diagnosed schizophrenic and that was
when I wanted to sort of know him more
and I did the last interview with him
for the Village Voice before he passed
away and ended up feeling like that book
was actually equally about mental
illness as the spoke but hitting for
dirt the life and death of ODB yeah and
then we met you not through anything to
do with this we had you on Democracy Now
because you wrote this piece for the New
York Times the incarcerated women who
fight California's wildfire right right
and I you know I think they that if I
was like looking birth read through
whatever work I was doing I think it's
just curiosity about the human and a
person and what they're like and so that
the inmate firefighters was like I I
wanted to write about that because of a
woman who had died while fighting the
fire I mean it's an amazing story of
prisoners side by side with professional
firefighters so they had been trained
yeah who are fighting the fires and
being paid almost nothing risking their
lives and as you said dying yeah and
it's also I mean it's like they are paid
almost nothing and then they're trained
they they actually like a lot of the
women I talk to love doing the training
but they have no way of bridging the gap
between when they're released and
actually working for Cal Fire like
there's no job afterwards there's no you
know there's like this program could be
an amazing program if it was like a
halfway house and if it was if they were
paid the right amount if they were paid
like you know what Cal Fire makes or
that we
