this is democracy now democracynow.org
we are broadcasting live from the UN
climate summit in Bonn Germany this year
it's known as the first Islands cop with
Fiji presiding over this year's summit
the event itself is being held in Bonn
Germany because of the logistical
challenges of hosting 25,000 people in
Fiji at the start of the South Pacific
cyclone season today is also gender day
here at the UN climate conference
well we're joined now by the first woman
president of the Marshall Islands Hilda
Hina and her daughter poet and climate
change activists Kathy Jett no Kitchener
this is Kathy reading one of her poems
at a UN climate change gathering in New
York City in 2014 only days after the
massive people's climate March the
largest climate march in history Kathy's
poem is written as a letter to her child
dear matza Filipinos don't cry mommy
promises you no one will come and devour
you no greedy whale of a company
sharking through political sees no
backwater bullying of businesses with
broken morals no blindfolded
bureaucracies gonna push this mother
ocean over the edge no one's drowning
baby no one's moving no one's losing
their homeland no one's becoming a
climate change refugee or should I say
no one else to the Carteret Islanders of
Papua New Guinea and to the taro
Islanders of Fiji I take this moment to
apologize to you
we are drawing the line here because we
baby are going to fight your mommy daddy
boo-boo you Mon your country and your
president too we will all fight off a
jet no Kitchener back in 2014
well less than two years later her own
leather
Hilda Heine was elected president of the
Marshall Islands becoming the first
female president of an independent
Pacific nation and they're still
fighting climate change and sea level
rise poses a particularly devastating
threat to low-lying island nations like
the Marshall Islands a chain of volcanic
islands and coral atolls in the middle
of the Pacific Ocean between Hawaii and
the Philippines according to a report by
the US Geological Survey many actual
islands will be flooded annually salhan
izing the limited freshwater resources
and that's likely forcing inhabitants to
abandon their islands and decades not
centuries as previously thought unquote
but climate change is not the first
existential threat the Marshall Islands
has faced between 1946 and 58 the United
States conducted more than 60 large
scale nuclear tests they're the largest
known as the Bravo shot was a thousand
times more powerful than the Hiroshima
bomb and vaporized three small islands
the nuclear testing forced people from
their homes and caused long-lasting
health impacts including women giving
birth to jellyfish babies tiny infants
born with no bones in 2014 the Marshall
Islands launched an unprecedented
lawsuit against the United States and
eight other countries at the
International Court of Justice at The
Hague accusing them of failing to meet
international commitments for nuclear
disarmament the lawsuit was rejected in
2016 after the court said it did not
have jurisdiction over the case well for
more on climate change in the long
legacy of nuclear testing we're joined
now by the president of the Marshall
Islands herself Hilda honey and her poet
daughter climate change activists Cathy
jet Nell Kitchener we welcome you both
to Democracy Now Madam President your
thoughts today at this first Islands cop
this first cop summit the UN climate
sonot that is sponsored by another South
Pacific island fiji the significance of
this well it's it's very significant for
Pacific Island countries you know being
our first one so it's important for us
to be here to let the world know that
everyone has to do their part we are
wanting to be here to make sure that
countries increase their ambition so
that the 1.5 degrees can be maintained
that's the the importance for our island
country in order for us to survive so
it's very important this cub is very
important for that for us and this is
the first UN climate summit since
President Trump announced that he's
pulling the United States out of the
Paris climate Accord what does that mean
to you that's why it's all all that more
important for us to be here and together
they support from other countries around
the world
we were very disappointed when of course
when President trama
pullout the United States from the Paris
agreement we see them as important
leaders in the world and should be
taking the leadership role in the
climate fight so when it decided to pull
the u.s. from from the Paris every
minute was a very disappointing act for
countries like the Marshall Islands what
message do you have for President Trump
today we just played there first and it
looks like only event that they're
holding here at the climate summit where
they were pushing coal nuclear and gas
well I think we're all for cold to be
kept underground and we want to make
sure that President trama understand the
importance of emission and what's going
on in in terms of coal being imported by
this administration
we want to make sure that we won
President Trump to to acknowledge the
science there is no longer debate about
the issue of climate change we need to
make sure that you know we're doing all
we can to ensure the survival 'ti of all
the island countries especially and the
rest of the world I wanted to ask you
about this idea which sadly isn't an
idea but a reality of what they call
jellyfish babies can you talk about the
legacy of nuclear testing in the South
Pacific in the Marshall Islands talk
about first of all how many islands make
up the Marshall Islands I don't think
people realize the breadth and scope you
know well we have 33 islands in the
Marshall Islands apt all's actually with
many other smaller islands about a
thousand some but the communities are 33
we have 24 island a very inhabited with
with actual communities in the Marshall
Islands the the legacy of the nuclear
testing program brings back all issue of
colonialism and how the USS colonized to
come in on the Marshall Islands to this
day we're still struggling with the
legacy of the you know what you call
jelly peas fish babies we are people
this is babies without bones that were
born by women who were who lived in the
islands that were contaminated and we
still have people who have not returned
to their homelands after 50 years of
being displaced from their homelands we
have violence they were vaporized by the
nuclear testing program of course these
islands belong to people and those can
never be recovered so we're still
seeking nuclear justice for the people
of the Marshall Islands this is one of
the legacy of the US presence in our
country and it seems like we're
repeating with the climate change issue
coming on
also same forests from outside being
brought to influence or to impact
livelihood or marshalese your granny's
Cathy your niece Cathy general Kitchener
died at the age of 8 of leukemia about
38
as a result of leukemia and many
children like that also it's not a this
is one of the common weakness the
sickness some guys rates of your answers
in the world you suffer the highest
rates of cancer in the world some of the
health impact on the people of the
Marshall Islands is you know beyond our
budget to ensure that the people have
are healthy again legacy of the nuclear
rods
hey the International Court of Justice
said it's not within its jurisdiction to
rule on this suit that you have against
the Marshall Islands and they threw the
case out are you still asking the United
States for reparations and what does it
mean to you that at this cop cop 23 at
this summit the u.s. is pushing nuclear
power well it's the same thing as
pushing the use of coal you know in a
world that is acknowledged that climate
as climate change is here and yet on the
face of that US this year
pushing or use of clean coal if there is
such a thing and it's the same thing
with the nuclear justice here we are
we're still struggling with that and
where we don't see the end of of this
journey for for those people who were
impacted by the nuclear testing program
of the United States so we continue to
seek justice we go to the we will be
going to the United Nations and we're
trying to also get a province from
around the country to help us with the
nuclear just this baby's required
so on this gender day we're here with a
mother-daughter team Madam President you
are the first woman president not only
of the Marshall Islands but of the
Pacific Islands and Cathy jet no
kitchener you are her daughter and a
longtime climate activists yourself poet
you wrote a letter to your daughter we
just played a clip of it before a poem
to your daughter
what does it mean to you that your
mother has been elected president and
what does it mean for the Marshall
Islands well to be honest I didn't
really expect it to happen at all I I
mean I never thought that I would see my
mom as you know as a leader of a country
and as a leader of our country not to
because she's not you know perfect for
it not because she's not worthy but just
because you know so much of our
societies is extremely patriarchal you
know and I think that's also results of
colonization and and I think you know
seeing her become president tells me
that there are actually changes being
made and that there is actually hope for
a lot of us women to continue to push
and continue to take on leadership
positions and make changes that we want
to see in the world and I think that's
really you know it gave me a lot of hope
and I was extremely proud of course yeah
your final comment I know you're heading
off to yet another meeting this is part
of being president your final comment to
women of the world why you see in
particular the effects of women and
children the effects of climate change
what you see are those effects well
there is in the Marshall Islands we see
the effects on on on women and
their life because they are the
caretakers of the home so if there is
trout they're the ones that will have to
go out and look for water for the family
for food in order to cook the meals for
the family so their life is really
upside-down when there is a there is
these events from climate change we see
that forest and with our droughts with
inundation of the waves coming over our
islands and washing homes away it's it's
the women leading the leading the
solutions looking for solutions for
families like they always do climate
change is another addition to the to the
work that women continue to do to make
their family survive we're going to end
with the comments of previous Marshall
Islands political leader I want to thank
you so much for being with us we're
going to turn to longtime Marshall
Islands political leader anti-nuclear
activist Tony de broom the late leader
de broom was one of the world's most
prominent voices confronting climate
change spent decades organizing against
nuclear weapons after having witnessed
firsthand the u.s. nuclear testing and
his homeland this is de broom speaking
in 2015 as he accepted the Right
Livelihood award known as the
alternative Nobel Peace Prize decades
after conclusion of devastating nuclear
testing in the Marshall Islands I might
be branded by some as a radical for my
impassioned conviction against the use
testing or possession of nuclear weapons
but this is not radical it is only
logical I have seen with my very own
eyes such devastation and know with
conviction that nuclear weapons must
never again be visited upon humanity
between 1946 and 1958 the United States
conducted 67 large-scale nuclear tests
in the March
silence that is the equivalence of 1.6
hiroshima shots every day for 12 years
that was Tony Debruyne long times
Marshall Islands political leader
accepting the Right Livelihood award a
few years ago the late leader and I
wanted to end with Cathy jet no
kitchener talking about your node Apple
solidarity that's the Dakota access
pipeline yeah I my I was really inspired
by the work of the indigenous protestors
and node Apple just because they were
fighting for their land and for clean
water in the same way that we are
fighting for our islands in the Marshall
Islands and it's someone who lives in
the u.s. at the moment I wanted to show
my as show my support for the people of
their land and that's why I wrote that
poem for them last year but for me
really I think I am really inspired by
the work of a lot of indigenous
activists around the world who are
trying to fight for their home for their
culture and for their people thanks so
much again our guests have been Kathy
Jett Anelka Jenner poet and climate
activists and the first woman president
of the Marshall Islands president Hilda
Heine
this is democracy now when we come back
Kumi Naidoo joins us to respond to the
u.s. one-and-only session here at the
cop summit where they brought in
corporate executives from the nuclear
gas and coal industry to represent the
President of the United States stay with
us
