[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman the FBI is in the midst
of its reopen investigation and two
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
and allegations made by dr. Christine
Blasi Ford that Cavanaugh attempted to
rape her in 1982 President Trump ordered
the FBI investigation Friday after
Republican Senator Jeff Flake surprised
his colleagues after he voted for the
confirmation of Kavanagh he said he
would not vote for him again on the
Senate floor unless there was a new FBI
investigation before the full Senate
vote he joined his fellow Republican
senators in that committee vote 11 to 10
party line vote to advance Kavanagh a
Supreme Court nomination Democrats say
the FBI's probe is too limited and
critics say Kavanagh committed perjury
lying during his testimony about a
number of topics
this is Senator flake speaking Sunday on
60 minutes about the vote some of our
colleagues said that we'll be back here
one week from now it'll be worse there
will be other outrageous allegations
that come forward the FBI will talk to
people that won't want to talk anymore
we won't be any better off there is a
chance that that will happen I do think
that we can make progress I think we'll
be in a different place because lots of
survivors around the country will feel
that dr. Ford's story was heard and
respected and further investigated we
may well be in a different place a week
from now because judge Cavanaugh and his
family may well have had exculpatory
evidence brought forward if judge
Kavanagh is shown to have lied to the
committee nominations over oh yes I
would think so that was Senators Chris
Coons and Jeff Flake they are friends on
Saturday night at the global citizen
concert in Central Park
they both walked out together on the
stage
age where more we go to Washington DC
where we're continuing with our
conversation with Lisa graves
co-director of documented which
investigates corporate influence and
democracy former chief counsel for
nominations for the ranking member of
the Senate Judiciary Committee was a
Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the
Department of Justice a recent article
for slate is headlined I wrote some of
the stolen memos that Brett Kavanaugh
lied to the Senate about now we're gonna
get to those in a minute but I want to
start on Thursday's testimony
Lisa graves you have said he perjured
himself once again and you say this is
after a series of perjuries which we'll
get to in the past but what were you
most struck by what you feel he lied
about on Thursday during this historic
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing it
was really surprising to see Brett
Kavanaugh take the oath again and
continue to lie and mislead the Senate I
think he was he was very deceptive and
deceitful in his talking about his
history of drinking you know one of the
issues here in some ways is you have
compelling of compelling statement by
dr. Ford that she was attacked by him
that she was in fear of her life because
he was grinding on her and holding his
hand over her mouth so she couldn't
breathe that he was very inebriated in a
room with a friend a mutual friend of
their as in essence mark Judd mark judge
who has written a book about the
extensive inebriation of mark judge and
his buddies at Georgetown prep and then
you had testimony by Brett Kavanaugh
that again conveyed this sort of
choirboy narrative that he's constructed
to deny that he was drunk or drunk often
or drunk enough to have engaged in this
behavior this despicably despicable
behavior and so in some ways Brett
Kavanaugh cannot apparently bring
himself to admit the degree to which he
had a drinking problem or may still have
a drinking problem I don't know about in
the present sense but certainly the
evidence from people in high school as
well as people in college seems to
indicate that he is certainly not being
truth
about the degree that he drank Lisa I
wanted to go to two friends of Brett
Cavanaugh's from Yale University say he
was not being honest when he testified
about how much Brett drank this is his
former classmates list Swisher and Lynn
Brooks speaking on MSNBC I was appalled
he was clearly lying and it was
incredibly disturbing to see somebody
perjuring himself he was in line to be a
Supreme Court justice and Lynne Brooks
your reaction to what you heard I agreed
the reason that I decided to speak out
was when he gave the Fox News interview
and as I said in The Washington Post
tried to paint him as a self as a
choirboy where he all he did was study
and play sports and every once in a
while he would have a beer and that's
simply not consistent with the Brett
Kavanaugh that I knew in college and
this is Brett Kavanaugh himself judge
Cavanaugh testifying about his drinking
in high school before he went to Yale or
for his undergraduate and law degrees
yes we drank beer my friends and I the
boys and girls yes we drank beer
I liked beer still liked beer we drank
beer the drinking age as I noted it was
18 so the seniors were legal senior year
in high school people were legal to
drink and we drew yeah we drank beer and
I said sometimes sometimes probably had
too many beers and sometimes other
people had too many beers we drank beer
we liked beer what do you consider to be
too many beers I don't know
you know we whatever the chart says and
blood alcohol chart
when you stalk to Fox News the other
night you said that there were times in
high school when people might have had
too many beers on occasion does that
include you sure have you ever passed
out from drinking I passed out would be
no but I've gone to sleep but I've never
blacked out that's the that's the
allegation and that that that's wrong
his Yale classmate Ludington also said
it wasn't just beer that he drank he was
the one who talked about his extreme
belligerency when he drank and he drank
with him he went out with him socially
this is the questioning that senator
Klobuchar Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota her
question to Brett Kavanaugh okay
drinking is one thing but the concern is
about truthfulness and in your written
testimony you said sometimes you had too
many drinks was there ever a time when
you drank so much that you couldn't
remember what happened or part of what
happened the night before I Rana no I
remember what happened and I think
you've probably had beer center and and
so you're saying there's never been a
case where you drink so much that you
didn't remember what happened the night
before a part of what happened that's
you're asking about yet blackout I don't
know have you could you answer the
question judge I just so you that's not
happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problems nor do I this was
an amazing moment Lisa graves they he
called for a break at this point went
away for five minutes came back and
apologized to senator Klobuchar it seems
of both drinking and his rage he loses
control he would not answer this
question as he would not answer a
question when he was repeatedly asked
whether there should be an FBI
investigation through the questions back
at the Senators Amy Klobuchar had just
revealed that her father was an
alcoholic and he still goes to AAA
at the age of 90 the significance of
this well I think you you did see Brett
Kavanaugh behaving belligerently to the
Senate it was actually extraordinary the
degree to which he was completely
disrespectful and contemptuous of the
senators who were asking genuine
questions about how to reconcile his
claim that this never happened with the
testimony of dr. Ford that it did and
that he was drunk when it happened and
so when you look at that testimony
although he got some credit for
apologizing at the club HR the
underlying the underlying circumstance
that whole set of statements was that he
was dodging and denying his conduct and
he would answer some questions by spin
essence saying it couldn't have happened
because he got in at Yale it couldn't
have happened because he sometimes
worked out that summer he tried to put
the events clearly on a weekend somehow
claiming that he could never have been
drunk on a weekday or he could never he
never did any drinking on a weekday when
there were you know information in the
calendar that showed that there were
parties on weekdays and it was the
summer after all but I think that when
you look at his statements what you see
is a man in some ways in deep denial
about who he was and who he may still be
this appeal to beer drinkers of America
I think was aimed squarely deliberately
politically toward some subset of the
Trump voters and I think that it was
deceptive in the way he described it he
certainly wasn't looking at the at the
blood alcohol level charts for 1982 in
determining how much beer he drank in
his yearbook he was he himself wrote
that entry according to the people who
who edited that yearbook and that and
his entry said that he wanted to be part
of that he was a treasurer and want to
be part of the hundred kegs club to
drink health drink and clear through a
hundred kegs of beer with his buddies
that's not all there are other
references to drinking there and not
just beer there's a reference to Malibu
or at least Malibu which came out the
year before the new product of of
coconut tasting rum I'm from that era I
remember that as well he also has made
statements in that in both Fox News and
in his testimony about how his drinking
was legal in fact in Maryland at the
time where he lived and where many of
his friends lived the drinking age was
never illegal for him the drink age was
raised in 1982 to 18 when he was 17 he
wasn't grandfathered in and even in
college it wasn't legal for him to drink
until his senior year of college in
Connecticut but that didn't stop him
from drinking now people drank in high
school doesn't make them a rapist
obviously but in this instance you have
someone who's lying about a substantial
matter at issue here which was dr.
Ford's testimony that he was drinking
that they were drunk when he attacked
her and he's doing everything everything
he can to claim that that never happened
couldn't happen didn't happen and yet
his classmates have said in fact he did
he drank to excess repeatedly and he
behaved belligerently when he did so and
as James Comey stated in a tweet and
then reiterated in essence in a column
for the New York Times yesterday the
question of truthfulness is a
significant one it's a significant one
in ordinary federal cases because under
the law there's a jury instruction but
if you lie about one matter you can be
presumed to be lying about the whole
mattered issue
your entire testimony can properly be
discounted and in fact I would say to
you Amy that it's not just lying in some
sort of he-said she-said way as some of
sought to portray this this is about a
man who is currently a judge and who is
being promoted attempted to be promoted
to the highest court in the country the
question of whether this man can state
accurately the facts and the law is
essential to whether he can actually
function as a judge worthy of that job
one of the most essential components for
being a judge is that you be honest
about the facts and the law and I think
we've seen time and time again that
Cavanaugh is
not now I need about the facts or the
law Lisa graves we've had you on before
earlier during his earlier hearing were
you alleged he perjured himself earlier
you see a trajectory here can you talk
about your experience with him over a
decade ago yes so when I was working for
Senator Leahy I was the chief counsel
for nominations for the Senate Judiciary
Committee during most of george w bush's
first term and so that meant that i was
reviewing the nominees that George Bush
was nominating for the federal bench for
the circuit courts and the district
courts I had a team of attorneys who I
worked with on these nominations and
George W Bush at the with the advice of
Brett Kavanaugh and others in the
counsel's office was nominating some
very extreme judges to the bench people
like Charles Pickering who was a
Mississippi judge who was pardon me
nominated for the Fifth Circuit who was
tough on all criminal defendants except
for a cross burner convicted cross
burner suddenly he showed leniency there
among other things there were also
nominees like like William Pryor who was
nominated by George Bush and William
Pryor was a nominee who had made a
number of extreme statements about Roe
but also had been embroiled in other
scandals and so we were in the midst of
these enormous battles over the over the
bench the Republicans had blocked nearly
70 of the of Clinton's nominees to the
to the courts and then they turned
around and tried to pack those vacancies
with people who weren't moderates but
were chosen in some ways for their
extreme backgrounds and so in 2003 the
Democrats end up filibustering a number
of judges on the floor including Miguel
Estrada who've been nominated for the DC
Circuit and I'm telling you this because
the history is important it turned out
later that year in 2003 we learned that
files had been stolen from the Senate my
files and other files of staffers of
Democratic senators on the Judiciary
Committee they've been stolen by a
former hatch staffer staffer who was the
Majority Leader Bill Frist may
in person on nominations there was a
Senate investigation into that there was
CID Senate Sergeant arms a Republican
brought in forensic experts to examine
the Senate servers find out what
happened and in March of 2004 that
sergeant arms determined in his report
that this person named Manuel Miranda
who was four staffer was the primary
culprit that he and a buddy of his had
stolen more than 4,000 files from the
server and man we're gonna refused to
say who his White House contacts were
who he was in touch with at the White
House but it was clear that he was
taking information that would be a value
to the White House and fighting for
these nominees and then in in April 2004
immediately after that Senate
investigation was announced and
concluded Brett cab and I came for his
first hearing and he was asked whether
he received any of those documents from
man Miranda whether he received anything
or anything was referred to that might
have been a confidential democratic file
or letter or memo and he denied it
absolutely turns out based on some of
the emails that came out this summer and
in September but he was lying he in fact
did receive confidential information
confidential memos including my own one
of my own memos from Manuel Miranda and
so that was the beginning of my story in
Slate and explain again how you have
irrefutable proof of this well so the
White House as as many know has been
trying to prevent most of the materials
from Brett Kavanaugh s tenure in the
White House counsel's office and his
White House staff secretary from being
provided to the Senate but a small
portion of those emails were provided
and within that small portion includes
communications that were directly from
Manuel Miranda the person who's the
culprit orchestrating the thefts of
these documents directly to Brett
Kavanaugh Brett Kavanaugh was the only
white House Counsel included in those
emails there was another person over the
Justice Department named Don Willett who
was include in those emails but when man
Wanda was transmitting the secret
information he was transmitting it only
to a very small number of people that
included specifically Brett
Cavanagh and they were directed to Brett
Kavanaugh and they told him this is
confidential please don't share it and
it included specific references to a
confidential material for the Democrats
including memo that I wrote Manning
Rionda says red Cavanaugh here here are
their talking points
he then a pace in page after page after
page of one of my confidential memos it
it was compared by the Washington Post
to the original memo that I wrote a four
thousand word memo and line after line
after line is identical it was my memo
and it wasn't just an ordinary memo this
was the strategic memo setting forth the
strategic research about the nomination
of Miguel Estrada that was the first
nominee of George Bush that was
filibustered on the floor the White
House was desperate to break that
filibuster the only issue in that
nomination on the floor was the
precedent for turning over memos by a
nominee like Miguel Estrada from his
time at the Justice Department my memo
went through the scope both the positive
a part of the precedent and the limits
of that precedent in terms of past
nominations of William Rehnquist Robert
Bork
William Bradford Reynolds and others and
so at the time that Brett Kavanaugh got
that memo was at the heart of that fight
over that nominee and it was the sort of
soup-to-nuts of the scope of the
precedent in our favor much of which we
had not revealed and that was never
revealed until it was published this
past month as part of Brett Kavanaugh a
Supreme Court nomination and in fact the
Washington Post reviewed this matter and
and found that Brett Cavanaugh's
testimony warranted three Pinocchio's
for his deceitfulness about this issue
of him receiving stolen documents stolen
memos memos from the Democrats that were
clearly plainly confidential secret
information that we would never have
given to him willful willingly I want to
go back to Senator Patrick Leahy
questioning Brett Kavanaugh during his
confirmation hearing why would you ever
be asked to keep secret Democratic
caucus
the Democratic talking points if they
were legitimately obtained I am looking
at these Saturn and says for example it
looks like it looks like that
Biden staff is asking them not to attend
the hearing I don't know why that but
look how you received it I know highly
Connor I don't know why that's even
radenso because you know but it is not
would you consider that somewhat unusual
to be receiving from a Republican staff
member something marked highly
confidential tell him what he's found
out that Democrats gonna do well as I
explained yesterday senator my
understanding of this process is that
the staffs do talk with one another that
they're not camps with no communication
so that's judge Cavanaugh being
questioned by Senator Patrick Leahy
earlier in the second week of September
when the original confirmation hearings
were taking place can you respond to
what he said Lisa graves yes
I hoped write an op-ed that was
published in Time magazine this past
month that refuted that it is the case
that when lawyers on both sides that
committee were working on legislation
that there would be communications for
example about how one of their bosses
might view a particular provision in a
piece of legislation with the aim of
making that piece of legislation better
