this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report how many
Goodman with nermeen share we spend the
rest of the hour in Yemen where Houthi
rebels say they're prepared to hand over
the crucial point of her data to the
United Nations if US backed saudi-led
coalition halt military operations there
last month tens of thousands of
civilians fled the city
when coalition forces launched an
all-out offensive there the UN warned
the offensive would severely exacerbate
the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Yemen
which is already experiencing the
world's worst cholera epidemic with more
than a million people afflicted and with
millions more on the brink of famine
this is UN humanitarian coordinator
Lee's grand most of the eight and a half
million people that we described as
being pre famine the reality of their
life is that when they wake up in the
morning they have no idea if they will
eat that day no idea eight and a half
million people are in that category the
UN estimates that by the end of the year
if there is not an end to this war
another 10 million Yemenis will be in
that same situation that's 18 million
innocent civilians who are the victims
of this war and that's why all
humanitarians are saying enough is
enough
there has to be a political solution and
the parties to the conflict have to sit
at that table and agree on how to stop
this that's a clip from PBS NewsHour's
exclusive three-part series by
correspondent Jane Ferguson who recently
smuggled herself into northern Yemen to
report on the widespread famine and
devastation there the only way into
rebel-held Yemen is to smuggle yourself
in and for me that means to be dressed
entirely as a Yemeni woman with a full
face veil just to get through the
checkpoints I traveled across the
embattled front lines to see what's
actually happening inside what the
United Nations is calling the world's
worst humanitarian disaster will speak
with PBS correspondent Jane Ferguson now
in Beirut about what she saw in Yemen
but first we're going to her report it
was part two of her three-part exclusive
PBS series
this piece is called american-made bombs
in Yemen or killing civilians destroying
infrastructure and fueling anger at the
US inside rebel territory in Yemen the
war rains down from the sky on the
ground front lines have not moved much
in the past three years of conflict
instead an aerial bombing campaign by
the saudi-led an american-backed
coalition hammers much of the country's
North leaving scenes like this dotted
across the capital city sana and beyond
a few weeks before I arrived this gas
station was hit security guard abdullah
al bad we was in a building next door
when it happened
he says six civilians were killed Lycia
he's the head of fool han why did they
target here and I'm an obedient man the
edges Senate can't explain why they
would have targeted something like this
elsewhere in the city a government
office building was recently hit another
pile of rubble another monument to the
civilian deaths of this war when this
building was hit it was mostly
connecticut workers and offices who were
injured and you can still see their
blood smeared all over the walls as they
were evacuated after the airstrike in
2014
yemeni rebels called Houthis seized the
capital and much of the rest of the
country the Houthis are supported by
Sunni Saudi Arabia's arch rival Shiite
Iran so the next year the Saudis
mobilized a coalition of Arab militaries
to defeat the group the aerial bombing
campaign has not managed to dislodge the
rebels but it has hit weddings hospitals
and homes the US military supports the
Saudi coalition with logistics and
intelligence the United States also
sells the Saudis and their coalition
partners many of the bombs they drop on
Yemen
in the mountains outside the capital we
gained exclusive access to the site
where the houthis store unexploded
american-made bombs like this 2,000
pound mark 84 bomb made in Garland Texas
it landed in the middle of the street in
the Capitol we are told one of the men
here told me where each was found around
Sanna one month ago it landed near the
sadaqa bridge next to the Central Bank
of Yemen it didn't explode he also
showed me the fin of a mark 82 bomb used
to guide it to its target back in the
city
the Houthis also let us see a storage
site with the remains of american-made
cluster bombs cluster bombs are among
the most deadly to civilians
filled with baseball sized smaller bombs
that scatter over a larger area any that
don't explode stay where they fell
primed and often wounding civilians like
landmines the Houthis have also targeted
civilians throwing anyone suspected of
opposing them in jail I traveled deep
into Yemen's countryside to find out
more about how the bombing campaign is
affecting people's lives there this is
what I found a Doctors Without Borders
cholera treatment center completely
destroyed by an airstrike the day before
it was just about to open its doors to
patients the war has made it harder for
people to access clean running water
leading to the worst cholera outbreak in
modern history now every time the rains
come people fall ill cholera is a
seasonal disease here in Yemen and
that's why the aid organizations are
getting ready for the worst of the
cholera season coming up this facility
was brand new no one was killed here but
the loss of the precious medical
facility filled with life-saving
equipment is devastating it's quite
clearly a contravention of humanitarian
law there's no question about that
the United Nations warns the saudi-led
coalition on the location of thousands
of humanitarian facilities across the
country requesting they don't bomb them
Li's grande is the UN Development
Program Coordinator in Yemen if you look
at the total number of requests that we
have been and the total number of
violations there have been few
violations compared to the requests but
when those violations occur they are
serious indeed in a refugee camp closer
to the fighting along the Saudi border
people told me they were attacked by
warplanes in the last camp they lived in
in 2015 masruk refugee camp was bombed
by coalition Jets then radhiya Hussein
lost a grandson in the attack and walked
for days to get here they attack the
camp with three missiles and one day and
then we ran away on the road to the
refugee camp several bridges had been
bombed anger towards America is growing
in rebel-held areas of Yemen
most people here whether they support
the Houthis or not know that many of the
bombs being dropped are American it
provides a strong propaganda tool for
the Houthi rebels who go by the slogan
death to America
yes dr. ali al muta is a college
professor he did his doctorate in the US
but is a strong Houthi supporter the
missiles that kills us American made the
plane that kills us American made the
tanks abrams american means you're
saying to me where is America America is
the whole thing despite desperate
efforts to end the fighting in Yemen the
violence is getting worse the saudi-led
coalition launched an attack on Houthi
controlled her deida City last month the
city is home to hundreds of thousands of
Yemenis and eight organizations warned
that the attack could kill many
civilians as the bombs began to fall
these people fled to the capital sana my
house is a traditional house and when
the bomb landed the gate was blown off
and the roof was gone dura ESA's house
was hit her family got out alive but she
is now homeless trying to care for her
severely disabled son
I don't know where to stay tonight we
don't have money for a hotel we cannot
afford it we left in a hurry scared we
left everything ahead of the battle the
coalition warned civilians to get out
the coalition announced on the TV that
we have to leave they didn't tell us
anything they just told us to go out the
houthis made trenches my house is next
to the sea and the battles are there
millions of Yemenis are just like him
living in fear of the battle raging near
their homes or an air strike killing
them and their families both the Houthis
and the saudi-led coalition have
disregarded innocent civilian life in
this war every bomb that falls on a
hospital office building or home causes
more unease about where they came from
that was Jane Ferguson reporting from
Yemen for the PBS news hour this is
democracy now I'm Amy Goodman with
nermeen Shaikh we're spending the rest
of the hour in Yemen
we're joined in Bayreuth by Jane
Ferguson special correspondent for PBS
Newshour
Jane is just back from Yemen where she
spent nearly a month reporting this
remarkable three-part series for PBS
news hour on widespread starvation in
Yemen
American financing of the saudi-backed
coalition there and Houthi rebels her
recent peace and New Yorker is headlined
is intentional starvation the future of
war Jane welcome to Democracy Now I mean
the bravery of you even going into Yemen
which particularly shows what the Yemeni
people face explain how you got there
and then this piece we just aired where
you talk about the u.s. support for
what's happening how you found this
evidence getting into Yemen itself is
not as complicated or not even close to
as complicated as getting into northern
Yemen journalists from some you know
outlets including American outlets have
been granted visas and allowed to board
flights into the South of Yemen and
that's the area that the saudi-led
coalition controls and that's into
that cat the capital of the south which
is Aden and you can fly in there and I
was able to get a visa to get to Aden
after a couple of attempts and board a
flight to Aden and from there as you
would have seen in that report I
basically had to drive north you can
drive north across the frontline Yemenis
themselves civilians are moving back and
forth but you have to go through dozens
of checkpoints I wasn't able to film
them obviously for for the piece as I
was smuggling my way up but but it took
sort of several cars and various routes
to be able to get up there disguised as
a Yemeni woman and you know once I got
there I had to work with a Yemeni team
because I could only really smuggle
myself up I couldn't bring my cameraman
and have him passed off as as a
believable Yemeni woman so I worked with
a Yemeni team when I was in Sanna
journalists and and friends that I've
known for some time now it's it's worth
pointing out that news organizations all
around the world and particularly
American news organizations have been
trying to access Sanaa and they very
much so want to report from Houthi
controlled areas but journalists are
banned the Saudis control the airspace
and they ban journalists and human
rights researchers from boarding the UN
flights only UN flights land in Santa in
the capital that is Houthi controlled
and so journalists for a long time from
various news organizations all the major
networks in the US have been trying to
access those areas but they've not been
permitted to go so you know it really is
a case of whoever can smuggle their way
up there and that's extremely
challenging logistically because then
you end up with with one staff member up
there and not a support team so when I
was there you know as you pointed out a
major focus on this on these on the
reporting is the fact that this is a war
that perhaps not so visually on the
ground the United States is involved in
but behind the scenes the United States
is supporting this war they are
supporting the saudi-led coalition and
when the saudi-led coalition formed in
2015 it was Barack Obama then president
of the United States obviously he
brought in support he supported the the
coalition's
efforts not with boots on the ground but
certainly with the logistics that was
mentioned there some of those logistics
include things like refueling Saudi jets
in between bombing raids that if they
can be refueled midair by United States
Air Force jets that helps them it makes
the the process much more efficient also
the sale of weapons over a hundred
billion dollars worth of US weapons
agreed in sales to the Saudis often
agreed by Obama but then confirmed by
President Trump there's also various
logistical and intelligence support and
and it's this is really where you know
the Yemenis that I spoke to we're coming
from in terms of why they saw this as a
United States war and when I would put
this this question to them even
privately off-camera to people who
didn't wish to speak on camera because
they were not supporters of the Houthis
or the coalition they would say you know
we we know we feel very much so like
this is a united states war and also
when you're on the ground there like I
said in my report the Houthis are able
to use this as a very strong propaganda
tool because they're able to couch this
war in terms of a jihad a religious war
against not only foreign invaders like
Saudis but they will say you know
whenever they're trying to recruit
fighters this is a war against foreign
invaders who are you know fighting
against Islam well gene one of the
weapons that the US has sold to the
Saudis as you witnessed and and
discussed in your piece are cluster
bombs could you talk about what you
learned about the effects of these bombs
I mean this is a weapon that is banned
by a hundred and two countries explain
what what the effects of Kuster bombs
are well a cluster
effectively when it's dropped it
explodes just before it hits the ground
and it can can it can contain anything
from dozens to up to hundreds of smaller
bombs there around about the size of a
baseball and they are just miniature
bombs primed to explode and they spread
out over a wider area they can be
particularly deadly for civilians
especially in countries where people
live in you know non brick or non
concrete homes so areas where people
living in mud homes or wattle homes
straw huts they can be particularly
dangerous in those situations but they
also are they have a particularly poor
fail rate where if they if they land not
all of the small munitions will explode
and so they will remain primed on the
ground and they can be picked up by a
child they can randomly explode much
much later and that's why cluster bombs
are seen as such a deadly weapon because
they can act like minds as well as as as
an explosive that spreads itself out
well Jing your piece also ends with a
remarkable and and horrific statistic
that an estimated hundred and thirty
Yemeni children died every day in 2017
from extreme hunger and disease
now you point out in this piece as well
as your piece in The New Yorker that
this is a man-made disaster that there
is in fact food in Yemen it's just that
people no longer have the means to buy
that food because millions of workers
have been put out of work or who are
simply not being paid can you can you
talk about that sure this is the real
toll of the war of course civilians are
dying in these air strikes but not in
anywhere near to the numbers of people
who are falling ill and dying from the
humanitarian crisis that has been caused
by this war of course you know you'll
you'll hear the statistic Yemen is the
world's worst humanitarian disaster but
that's really just a phrase and it was
you know one of the reasons I wanted to
go into two rebel-held Yemen was because
that no one really
understands what that looks like what
does that mean to a viewer and what it
means is a third of the country an
entire third over 8 million people on
the brink of starvation meaning they're
not getting enough nutrients they cannot
afford to buy enough food to feed
themselves and their families
sufficiently and you know the statistics
on the the deaths of children are
particularly startling and that's
because of course as anywhere in the
world children are the most susceptible
to you know falling ill from
malnutrition they can die of starvation
they can also and more often as the case
died of infectious diseases because
their bodies have become so weak and so
when I travel to various you know
hospitals and went to the Children's
wards which are very pretty much now
just malnutrition wards you'll see
absolutely terrifyingly thin children
and you'll see a small trickle of them
every single day a lot of parents can't
afford to bring their children to
clinics or hospitals in rural capitols
because the cost of fuel has gone up
which means bus a bus ride will be more
expensive and the reason that this is
man-made and the reason that you know
every NGO and humanitarian organization
has pointed out that this is man-made is
that it is caused by the war there
hasn't been a weather pattern or a
particular natural disaster there is
plenty of food getting into Yemen now
what is happening is that the food
prices are higher than they should be
they've higher they're higher than they
were before
that's partly because of the saudi-led
coalition z' blockade on the area
they're allowing food in but it's
restricted and it's a slow process and
it's an expensive process because the
ships that import the the food after
they get held up for weeks at a time
they have to be inspected and and so
that process is particularly difficult
Yemen imports the vast majority of its
food it has done since long before this
war so those prices going up have also
been coupled with the fact that the the
economy certainly in the north but also
really all over Yemen is on its knees if
not has collapsed essentially you'll see
people have just lost their jobs and
so it doesn't really matter how much
food there is in the supermarket and it
doesn't really matter how expensive it
has become because if you have
absolutely no money then you're really
you're not going to be able to buy it
anyway and that's why Yemenis are hungry
they're hungry because of the economic
collapse and the economic collapse is as
a direct result of this war Jane
Ferguson I wanted to go back to your
third exclusive piece for the PBS
Newshour on Yemen where you report on
the Houthi rebels this is a clip from
your series this is Saleem megalis a
member of the Houthis political wing who
told you they took the missiles from
Yemen's military arsenal when they
captured the capital sana the Yemeni
people and Army have missiles from the
past and the army and experts were able
to improve and upgrade these missiles
which is necessary we're able to produce
all sorts of arms so they can upgrade
the old weapons to have longer ranges
beyond the politics this war has created
the world's worst humanitarian disaster
millions are on the brink of starvation
and the worst cholera outbreak in modern
history rages on years of war people
here are weary of the airstrikes and the
blockade but they also tell us they
believe America could end it in Sana's
