this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman time's up that was the
message at last night's Golden Globe
ceremony in Hollywood where the actors
embrace the me2 movement and called for
gender and racial justice in the post
Harvey Weinstein era eight actresses
brought social justice activists with
them Michelle Williams brought me to
movement founder tirana Burke Meryl
Streep walked the red carpet with ai-jen
poo the director of the National
Domestic Workers Alliance shailene
woodley was accompanied by the Suquamish
tribe member Kalina Lawrence Emma Stone
brought the tennis champ and LGBT
advocate Billie Jean King who stone
portrayed in the film battle of the
sexes Susan Sarandon brought the Puerto
Rican media justice activists former
Green Party vice presidential nominee
Rosa Clemente and Amy Poehler's guests
with Saru Jayaraman president of the
restaurant opportunities center we're
joined right now by Rosa Clemente and
Saru Jayaraman after a very long night I
am sure Rosa Clemente's latest project
is she'll talk all about it PR on the
map calm and Saru Jayaraman is the
director of the food Labor Research
Center at University of California
Berkeley her latest book is titled
forked a new standard for American
dining author of behind the kitchen door
we welcome you both to Democracy Now
Saru let's begin with you talk about
your experience last night at the Golden
Globe certainly a breakthrough night in
so many ways it was incredible it was
electric and it was especially moving
for me to be with Amy Poehler because
she actually worked in the restaurant
industry in which I organized for many
years as she experienced a lot of the
things that the women in our industry
experienced and was able to really let
the media know that there are very clear
policy solutions to getting rid of
harassment in our industry which really
impacts our industry actually really
impacts even the women in Hollywood
because one in two Americans like Amy
and
many celebrities worked in our industry
in their youth and experience talk about
what it was like in the room the whole
approach the theme me to so many people
wearing that talk about you know
something you may have watched on TV
before and maybe you never did and as
well we just heard of Oprah Winfrey
speech describing her own breakthrough
experience I saw so many people moved
and it wasn't just in the room outside
of the room I can't tell you the number
of people in Hollywood and outside of
Hollywood who said that this was the
most important moment of their careers
that so many people in Hollywood told me
that the Golden Globes never meant as
much or anything at all until last night
and I think for women outside of
Hollywood women in the restaurant
industry domestic workers farmworkers
women in Puerto Rico women all over last
night was also incredible because it was
women standing together across so many
different sectors and places and you
know situations to say enough is enough
and our power is collective and we're
going to as Oprah said see another
horizon I mean in our case last night
actually wasn't just about Hollywood it
wasn't just about women wearing black it
wasn't just a show of solidarity in fact
in our case last night because of last
night and everything last night
represents we're seeing real policy
change in our industry we've been
fighting for many years for one fair
wage which is the elimination of the
lower wage for tipped workers which
really is the source of harassment in
our industry because you've got a mostly
female workforce living on tips having
to tolerate all kinds of inappropriate
customer behavior and you can cut that
in half we our research shows you can
cut that in half by getting rid of that
lower wage for tipped workers because
women actually then get a wage and don't
tolerate you know harassment for tips
and actually as a result of the movement
and the moment and last night Governor
Cuomo in New York has suggested that he
will move for
to eliminate lower wages for tipped
workers in New York now we have to make
that happen but wow what an
extraordinary thing that women coming
together it's not just about wearing
black it's not just about an awards show
but it could actually result in policy
change for millions of the lowest wage
women in the United States and that is
historic that's historic Rosa Clemente
talked about how you got involved with
the times up movement what your
experience was last night going to the
Golden Globes with Susan Sarandon well
first we have to say that if it wasn't
from Monica Ramirez from the wolf Farm
Workers Alliance and the farm workers
alliance writing a letter to Hollywood
women letting Hollywood women know
you're just not actresses you're also
workers and there's this entertainment
industry where you would you're
exploited as well and you're subject to
sexual violence none of us would have
been there because Monica and them wrote
that letter and then reached out to
Toronto Burk of me - and then Toronto
Burk reached out to the rest of us and
that's how we got there I think it's
critically important also to uplift
actresses of color that were not
nominated because you don't get into the
Golden Globes unless you're nominated
like America Ferrera and and Tracee
Ellis Ross and Ava Duvernay and so many
women of color who are actresses who
also suffer from violence and racial
injustice in that industry who wanted to
also make sure we were there you know so
of course because Susan Sarandon has
been one of the most left radical
actresses or advocates in that peer
group me and Susan know each other
especially through our mutual work and
political leanings in the Green Party
you know so obviously as
as a Puerto Rican you know it was an
interesting moment because I knew most
of my people in Puerto Rico cannot see
me because they don't have power and it
was also a good moment because in a lot
of senses in the world
the word overpower and in this sense
that every person in that room that we
know have access and power to something
and resources that can help us take
these movements to another level were
very serious and there were many women
who people would assume because of their
visibility and their perceived power
that have never been affected by
violence and the amount of hugs and
gratitude and things use that we got
shows that we have a shared empowerment
at this moment in it and it was
fantastic can you talk about what some
have described as this elite group
obviously Hollywood even if the pay
grade for example is different between
men and women still women make much more
obviously than the women you represent
sorrow and the restaurant industry than
the people who are in crisis right now
Rosa where you just were in Puerto Rico
but how Hollywood can set a tone can
change the climate can really shape
mores in America rose of the importance
of Hollywood well you know even at the
end of the day these are people that
financially are multimillionaires
important of what you know our movement
people have rightfully deemed the 99% I
think this is going to take a lot of
conversations about how we talk about
capitalism and what that means when
everything in this society is monetized
with that said times up has raised
sixteen million dollars and all that
money will go to though
particularly mostly women who don't have
any money to pursue any type of case any
type of reparation and in damage that
has been done to them and to have
lawyers to represent them I also think
it's important that people understand
this right it is Hollywood but there's
levels of inequality in Hollywood and I
really think people need to know these
names of actresses that have spoken out
about Harvey Weinstein for over 20 years
and where some of the most targeted that
I know from conversations have felt
marginalized from this group like a rose
mcgowan in Annabella she Ora Amita
Sorvino or Rosanna Arquette you know and
and that's that's something that these
women are gonna have to with our support
more advocate for themselves but the
first group of women who I just named
who came out of around Harvey Weinstein
were the ones that have most been
affected in this sense most of them have
not worked in a decade most of them have
not worked in 15 years because they were
some of the first ones to speak out and
also there was someone the ones that
were subjected to rape not only once but
twice Salma Hayek was there and it was
powerful to see her and it was powerful
to talk to her in the sense that even
with all the power money that she has it
was only through the me to movement and
through the work of social racial
justice activists like all of us that
she felt it was her time to speak up so
there's a lot of nuances it's to it and
at the end of the day time's up is also
gonna have to support all of our
organizations they're gonna have to
support all of our work but primarily
right now they have to step up hard and
and set aside of fun that would allow
the women to not only have like a
reparations some type of settlement
where they
live if they're never gonna work in the
industry again but also that these women
can have access to mental health
services to get them through the crisis
that they're in right now I was really
pleasantly amazed actually how genuine
the women in that room that are part of
times up actually recognized their
privilege recognized their their station
and life and their and their situation
and how different it is from other
people and continuously kept saying you
know if I if I have felt very
disempowered you know afraid to speak up
imagine how restaurant workers and
domestic workers and farm workers and so
many other women around the world feel
how could they possibly speak up and yet
like you said I mean the leverage that
this group has they recognize their
their privilege which is why they were
so willing to extend it to us in an
incredible moment to actually leverage
that situation and privilege for power
for all of us it's so funny I mentioned
that because of this moment
Governor Cuomo is moving is talking
about eliminating the lower wage for
tipped workers for four hundred thousand
tipped workers in New York and that's
obviously a long time in coming we've
been working on these issues for many
years but Amy Poehler said it well she
said we're so happy to help unscrew a
lid that you've been unscrewing for
decades we're so happy to stand there
with you while we take it off together
that is that is what this moment
represents it is yes it is women with
power but women with power extending
their privilege and their platform to
other women who also have as Monica
Ramirez has said from the farmworkers we
have power to farmworkers have power
restaurant workers have power it's our
collective power it's the power of women
who've been working on these issues for
decades and decades now standing
together with women who have a platform
to announce times up and we can actually
make not just we cannot just do thrown
in dividuals we cannot just come out and
name our truths we can actually create
policy and structural change on these
issues
we're gonna break it and come back to
this discussion with Saru Jayaraman
who's president and co-founder of the
restaurant opportunities centers United
or ROK United representing restaurant
workers Rosa Clemente is a well-known
Puerto Rican activist independent
journalist walk the Golden Globes red
carpet Sunday night with actress Susan
Sarandon we'll find out more about their
work in a moment this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report yes we are talking about the
Golden Globes and I want to turn to
Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis who
starred together years ago in Thelma and
Louise they introduced Best Motion
Picture Drama at Sunday's Golden Globes
we fixed everything
I don't think quite everything actually
it's been 25 years but tonight we've got
all of these women standing up for each
other and the men too and the bed
yeah these five nominees have agreed to
give half of their salary back so the
women can make more than them
I don't think that actually happened
gentlemen that's a great idea so we're
still honored to present the Award for
Best Actor in a motion picture drama
so that was Geena Davis and Susan
Sarandon and we're joined right now by
Rosa Clemente who accompanied Susan
Sarandon to the Golden Globes and Saru
Jayaraman who joined Amy Poehler Rosa
Clemente's latest project is PR on the
map calm Saru Jayaraman is the director
of the food Labor Research Center
University of California Berkeley our
latest book forked a new standard for
American dining author of behind the
kitchen door as well so let's talk about
what kind of progress has been made and
what you are demanding now we sought to
run a Burk another of the activists who
was invited to the Golden Globes she
also dropped the ball actually quite the
opposite but literally dropped that ball
New Year's Eve in New York as the woman
who so many years ago coined that term
me too before it became a hashtag as a
sexual assault survivor dealing with
girls and women understanding that when
people were able to speak out say their
own names address their experience that
it could help heal them and change the
world
Saru Jayaraman talked about women in the
restaurant industry you mentioned
Governor Cuomo introducing an initiative
but what has happened and what do you
see has to happen now yeah well the
right now the restaurant industry is the
second largest and absolute fastest
growing sector of the US economy it's
almost 13 million workers one in 11
Americans won an 11 women works in this
industry and yet it's the lowest paid
industry in United States and that's
largely due to the money power and
influence of a trade Lobby called the
National Restaurant Association which I
want to name as we're naming names the
other NRA as we call it because there
with all the talk of sexual harassment
and me too
there's been very little focus on the
corporate actors that really are behind
setting the standards on these issues
the National Restaurant Association has
lobbied successfully since slavery times
to keep the wages for tipped workers
abysmally low the current wage for
tipped workers is two dollars and 13
cents an hour
seventy percent of workers who work on
that ridiculously low wage are women
they're mostly women working at IHOP and
Applebee's an Olive Garden and the Red
Lobster earning those ridiculous wages
that and seeing them go entirely to
taxes living on tips having to tolerate
the most inappropriate customer behavior
in order to feed their families and tips
and being told by managers dress more
sexy show more cleavage wear tighter
clothing in order to make more money in
tips and in fact right around the time
you release this research on this issue
of sexual harassment in 2014 a new
industry segment was recognized called
the breastaurant which is not just
Hooters and a company called Twin Peaks
it's actually Olive Garden and Denny's
where managers tell women show your
breasts in order to make more money in
tips now this is not just millions of
women who put up with this every day of
their lives it's millions more young
women for whom this is the first job in
high school college or graduate school
like Amy Poehler for who are told as
young women you know this is what you
must do to make more money and tips to
be a good worker which has influence on
them for the rest of their lives it sets
the standard for what is acceptable and
tolerable in the workplace and so what
must happen is that we must get rid of
this lower wage for tipped workers
because it is the source of the fact
that our industry has the highest rates
of sexual harassment of any industry and
so we launched a campaign in 2013 called
one fair wage demanding that every state
follow California where we are now and
six other states that got rid of this
system decades ago California requires
employers to pay the full minimum wage
with tips on top and in California we
see half the rate of sexual harassment
as there is in New York and the 43
states with lower wages for tipped
workers and so what we need is not just
naming chefs and restaurateurs who've
been bad on the issue
honestly that's just the tip of the
iceberg what we need is policy change
one fair wage to get rid of the lower
wage for tipped workers so Cuomo did
announce that he would review the issue
that he would start the process to look
at getting rid of the lower wage for
tipped workers and now what the me2
movement calls for is that we actually
see that happen in New York this issue
is on the ballot right now in Washington
DC we need the City Council to support
the will of the people in Washington DC
and in Michigan it's not gonna be on the
ballot for November 2018 and many more
states are following you know this is a
moment in which Hollywood is helping
waitresses and as we said to master
workers on farm workers see true policy
change through organizing through
collective power to actually see what we
need I just want to add one more thing
you know Trump is trying to move
backwards on this issue he announced a
new rule last month up for you know it's
up open for public comment right now to
make tips the property of owners rather
than workers that would double the rate
of sexual harassment because it would
make workers who are already already
vulnerable to customer harassment have
to turn around and have a manager say
what will you do for me in order to get
your tips because managers will have the
right to keep the tips as Trump is
moving backwards states have the power
to move forward and that is the kind of
policy change Cuomo actually enacting
one fair wage Michigan and DC passing
one fair wage many states following and
getting rid of that lower wage for
tipped workers that's what we need
that's what the me to moment could bring
us that's what Hollywood's standing with
waitresses could actually affect change
for millions of low-wage workers in
America now this whole movement that has
been organized by actresses and
directors and writers times up The Times
up Legal Defense Fund is apparently
raised something like 13 14 million
dollars that would go to subsidize legal
support for individuals who have
experienced sexual harassment or related
retaliation in the workplace the fund is
housed and administered by the National
Women's Law Center it's an umbrella
network one of the groups within it is
the Commission on sexual harassment and
advancing equality and workplace led by
a need
Hill who is tasked with creating a
blueprint for ending sexual harassment
in show business now Rosa Clemente you
you've worked on so many different
issues you were the vice presidential
candidate of the Green Party with Jill
