this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm gonna mean Shay
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
we begin today's show with North Korea
President Trump took to Twitter this
morning to take credit for renewed
communications between North and South
Korea Trump tweeted quote with all of
the failed experts weighing in does
anybody really believe that talks and
dialogue would be going on between North
and South Korea right now if I wasn't
firm strong and willing to commit our
total might against the north fools but
talks are a good thing this comes after
North Korean leader Kim jong-un ordered
the reopening of a hotline with South
Korea's leaders bringing the biggest
thorn relations between the countries
and two years the overture came after
South Korean president moon jae-in said
he's open to talks with the North next
week in the so-called truce village in
the Demilitarized Zone
earlier this week president Trump drew
international attention when he tweeted
a threat to North Korea that was steeped
in sexual bravado writing quote North
Korean leader Kim jong-un just stated
that the nuclear button is on his desk
at all times will someone from his
depleted and food starved regime please
inform him that I too have a nuclear
button but it is much bigger and more
powerful than his and my button works
unquote during the press conference on
Wednesday White House press secretary
Sarah Sanders addressed questions about
Trump's taunting of North Korean leader
I don't think that it's taunting to
stand up for the people of this country
I think what's dangerous is to ignore
the continued threats if the previous
administration had done anything and
dealt with North Korea dealt with Iran
instead of sitting by and doing nothing
we wouldn't have to clean up their mess
now
haunting tweet to say that he has a
larger Trump's tweet came after North
Korean leader Kim jong-un and declared
his nation a fully fledged nuclear power
Monday saying in a televised New Year's
Day speech he was prepared to launch a
nuclear attack against his enemies
including South Korea Japan or the
United States the entire United States
is within range of our nuclear weapons
and a nuclear button is always on my
desk this is reality Kim said North
Korea would now focus on mass producing
nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles
for operational deployment for more were
joined in Chicago by Bruce Cummings
professor of history at the University
of Chicago author of several books on
Korea including Korea's place in the Sun
in modern history and North Korea
another country professor Cummings
welcome back to Democracy Now why don't
we start off with the breaking news this
week of communications being opened
between South and North Korea what does
this mean and the possibility that as
early as next week they will somehow
meet a truce village in the
Demilitarized Zone well it's very
important and particularly the tone of
Kim jong-un statement which was very
conciliatory toward the south and was
followed up by a high official who was
even more conciliatory talking about
North Korea's hopes for the South Korean
Winter Olympics going well and of course
Kim gentlemen offered to send a
delegation to the Olympics this is in
great contrast to the for example the
1988 Olympics which the North Koreans
tried to disrupt with terrorist attacks
so it's it's a very good sign and and I
would add that Kim jong-un did say he
had a big button with a lot of nuclear
weapons but he very clearly said that
North Korean nuclear weapons are for
defensive purposes and would not be used
unless North Korea was attacked and
secondly
he said something that North Korean
officials have been saying for the last
six months without a lot of attention
and that is words to the effect that
their nuclear program is nearly
completed which would mean they don't
have to test so much they tested a great
deal in 2017 particularly missiles and
then a very large h-bomb test last
September so I think on all three counts
this was generally a welcomed statement
a conciliatory statement president
Trump's tweet this morning is trying to
take credit for these talks going
forward that's fine the fact is the
Trump administration was very opposed to
president moon jae-in of South Korea's
proposals for talks the north that Trump
administration position is that there
can be no talks until North Korea
commits to denuclearization that's their
only whole card so they're not going to
do that before talks open I would give a
lot of credit to president moon in Seoul
for opening up these talks next January
9th next week
in spite of tremendous opposition not to
mention almost daily provocations coming
from President Trump and this morning
there was a call on that hotline the
South Koreans reached out to the north
do we know anything about the content of
that call no I actually was all I could
do to get through the New York Times a
bit before coming down here early in the
morning so I don't know what the content
was but that line was closed two years
ago in the context of then South Korean
president Park geun-hye shutting down a
very large industrial zone just across
the DMZ in North Korea the Kaesong
Industrial Zone where about 60,000 North
Koreans were working for mostly South
Korean firms and it was the last and
biggest fruit of really more than a
decade of
attempts at reconciliation between north
and south so I I have hopes that not
just this communication line but that
export zone will be reopened soon you
wouldn't know that but I hope that UN
Ambassador nikki Haley said Tuesday
North Korea might be preparing for
another missile test and warned such a
move would necessitate tougher steps
against Pyongyang as we hear reports
that North Korea might be preparing for
another missile test I hope that does
not happen but if it does we must bring
even more measures to bear on the North
Korean regime the civilized world must
remain united and vigilant against the
rogue States development of a nuclear
arsenal we will never accept a nuclear
North Korea we won't take any of the
talks seriously if they don't do
something to ban all nuclear weapons in
North Korea we consider this to be a
very reckless regime we don't think we
need a band-aid and we don't think we
need to smile and take a picture we
think that we need to have them stop
nuclear weapons and they need to stop it
now so North Korea can talk with anyone
they want but the u.s. is not going to
recognize it or acknowledge it until
they agree to ban the nuclear weapons
that they have so if you can respond to
this
Bruce Cummings and respond to the u.s.
setting preconditions but this is direct
negotiations between South and North
Korea and then talk about the tweet of
Trump talking about his button bigger
than bigger than the North Korean
leaders and also his taking credit for
this coming together well I think you're
right that this initiative came from the
two Koreas the u.s. wasn't involved as
far as we know in this initiative and
the unfortunate fact is that not just
the Trump administration but many many
administration's going back decades
excuse me have not wanted the two Koreas
to be alone together they always want
the u.s. in a supervisory role over over
South Korea this morning a high State
Department official in the Obama
administration it was quoted as saying
North South Korea needs to be on a tight
leash and that kind of condescending
crap is just coming out of the mouths of
a bipartisan coalition of American
officials for a long long time
president moon is a very experienced
politician he was chief of staff to Noma
Hyun who did the deepest reconciliation
with North Korea when he was in office
and I I think the US should trust moon
jae-in to conduct these talks and make
whatever deals might be possible with
North Korea as to Trump's tweet like
everything else even the 17 inches of
snow that Boston is going to get that
from essentially says you know it's his
doing no matter what it is Donald Trump
is snapping his fingers and making
everything happen but the hidden lining
in that statement is that Trump support
supports the talks he said right at the
end that he supports the talks talks are
good I'm not a psychiatrist and so I
don't know why Donald Trump throughout
his campaign and as president has
constantly showed his Freudian
insecurities about the size of his
whatever in this case he's basically
bringing Kim jong-un up to his level or
bringing himself down to Kim jong-un's
level but in any case focusing attention
on North Korea in a way that no previous
president would ever do it's childish
about a possible nuclear war that could
literally destroy the planet and I I
wish I knew what the North Koreans think
of it but I would guess that after all
these months they're starting not to
take him very seriously last summer they
were asking Republicans in Washington
you know what does Trump mean when he
says fire and fury or he's going to
totally destroy us because in North
Korea every
coming out of the government is
carefully vetted right up the line
whereas Trump isn't vetted at all so
it's a dangerous situation but it also
demeans the United States and as I said
brings Trump basically to Kim jong-un's
level well given the fact that Trump has
been tweeting as much as he has
activists in San Francisco are
questioning Twitter's enforcement of its
policy against violent threats after
Trump used the platform to taunt North
Korean leader Kim jong-un members of a
group called resistance SF projected an
image on the outside of Twitter
headquarters in San Francisco on
Wednesday directed at Twitter CEO Jack
Dorsey which read jack is complicit a
spokesperson for Twitter said Trump did
not violate its policy when the
president boasted that his nuclear
button was bigger and more powerful than
owns Twitter's rules page reads quote we
consider violent threats to be explicit
statements of one's intent to kill or
inflict serious physical harm against
another person please note that wishing
or hoping that someone experienced a
serious physical harm making vague
threats or threatening less serious
forms of physical harm would not fall
under the specific policy Twitter road
so Bruce Cummings can you respond to
that and what you think if anything
should be done to prevent a Trump from
escalating the situation between the
u.s. and North Korea well his latest
statements the ones yesterday about how
big his button was might violate
obscenity statutes but certainly his a
very bellicose statements last summer
about totally destroying North Korea
would seem to be outside Twitter's
guidelines North Korea was totally
destroyed by the u.s. during the Korean
War in a three year air campaign that
left almost nothing standing and every
North Korean is taught about this
they're very bitter about it but what
you can say to Trump is we totally
destroyed in North Korea already and
still didn't win the war so it's it's
very irresponsible talk but I imagine
just
about everybody in the white house
including the custodians cleaning his
bathrooms would like to grab his Twitter
and throw it as far his iPhone and throw
it as far away as they can because he's
unsettled relations with our friends and
allies and our enemies time and time
again I mean by lining up with the
Iranian demonstrators against the
ayatollahs he puts them in a position
where the ayatollahs can easily claim
their foreign agents he blasted Pakistan
for coddling terrorists and protecting
them inside the country Pakistan has
been doing that for decades and the u.s.
is known all about it and it has
tolerated it for other reasons so he's
he's basically a kind of wrecking crew
but the in this case the mallet or the
wreck the wrecking crew is is Twitter I
think we'd all be really happy if
Twitter would just cut him off but
that's obviously not going to happen and
we just have 30 seconds but what could
come of these direct talks between North
and South Korea well I think it's very
probable that a North Korean delegation
will come to Pyongyang for the Olympics
that begin on February 9th and they that
may include athletes who would
participate in some non official form
there was a there were two North Korean
skaters who qualified for the Olympics
in Canada some weeks ago but apparently
the North Koreans didn't put in an
application or failed to meet a deadline
or something so that they can't
participate as Olympic athletes but I
think it will be a time when the world
can breathe a sigh of relief at least
there won't be missiles or vicious
tweets going off during the Olympics and
that it could be a start to things like
reopening the case on his own and just
reducing the terrible tension that has
been wracking the Korean Peninsula ever
since Donald Trump was inaugurated Bruce
Cummings want to thank you for being
with us professor of history at
University of Chicago among his books
Korea's place in the Sun a modern
history and North Korea another country
this is democracy now when we come back
Norway says it's cutting off weapons
sales to Saudi Arabia because of the
us-backed sought Saudi
bombing campaign against Yemen stay with
us
