this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman this month marks 50
years since the assassination of Robert
F Kennedy on June 5th 1968 Kennedy was
shot dead shortly after winning the
California Democratic primary a major
boost in his campaign for the Democratic
presidential nomination his death came
just two months after the assassination
of the Reverend Martin Luther King jr.
and five years after the assassination
of his own brother President John F
Kennedy Robert Kennedy's record as a
political figure as a complicated one to
many americans he came to embody the
hopes of the civil rights and anti-war
movements but while serving in
government he played a major role in
actions these movements fought against
as a young lawyer Robert Kennedy was a
key aide to Republican Senator Joe
McCarthy and the notorious Senate
permanent Subcommittee on investigations
his Attorney General under his brother
President John F Kennedy Robert Kennedy
signed the wiretap order authorizing the
FBI's spying on Martin Luther King jr.
on foreign policy Robert Kennedy played
a key role in u.s. efforts to overthrow
Cuban President Fidel Castro and was
part of the inner circle of advisers
that back President Kennedy's escalation
of the bombing and destruction of
Vietnam but in his final years Robert F
Kennedy became a vocal advocate for
civil rights this is Kennedy speaking in
Mississippi in 1966 in which Negros will
be a free as other Americans free to
vote and to learn and to earn their way
and to share in the decisions of
government which in turn shapes their
life we know to accomplish this end
to mean great tension and difficulty and
stripe for all of us in the north and in
the south but we know that we must make
progress not because it is economically
advantageous not because the Lord said
that we should do though but because of
the fundamental reason that it is the
right thing to do that was Robert F
Kennedy speaking in Mississippi in 1966
well we turn now to a new book by
Michael Eric Dyson looks at Kennedy's
evolution on civil rights it's titled
what truth sounds like RFK James Baldwin
and our unfinished conversation about
race in America the book centers on a
1963 meeting Kennedy then the Attorney
General had with James Baldwin the famed
writer and civil rights activist
as well as other leading figures in the
black community including Lorraine
Hansberry an actor an activist Harry
Belafonte singer and actor Lena Horne
and psychologist Kenneth Clark this is
James Baldwin reflecting on the meeting
reach out to me
I want to say this on the air the
Attorney General did not know me the
Attorney General of the United States
mr. Robert G Friday didn't know I would
have trouble convincing my nephew to go
to Cuba for example to liberate the
Cubans in defense of a government which
now says it is done is doing everything
it can do which cannot liberate me now
they're 20 million people in this
country
and you kept it small in Jaco I know I'm
at a few fields and now I feel I know
how the cats in the barbershop for you
we go now to Washington DC to speak with
Michael Eric Dyson the author of what
truth sounds like RFK James Baldwin and
our unfinished conversation about race
in America Michael Eric Dyson is a
professor of sociology at Georgetown
University author of many books welcome
back to Democracy Now it's great to have
you with us always great to be here Amy
so talk about where you begin the book
with the martyrs and you place it at dr.
King's funeral that's right I begin
there talking about the blood of the
martyrs soaking the soil of American
reality and then from that soil of
brutality of death of tragic and
traumatic separation from these figures
these icons who informed our values our
visions our virtue of American democracy
I wanted to talk about how their deaths
Martin Luther King jr. John Kennedy's
before his Robert Kennedy's after his
was a kind of traumatic trilogy of
transformative deaths that made American
values and ideals and struggles for
justice that much more plain that much
more tangible and that and at the same
time it seems that much more distant
because if we were willing to kill these
men for various reasons in defense of
bigotry and hate and blindness to
American inclusion and diversity and
justice then we were further apart from
those ideals that seem but I wanted to
start there to suggest that the meeting
that I subsequently explore has to be
seen in relationship to what they were
willing to sacrifice for what they found
out Bobby Kennedy as you've already
indicated evolved a once fearless
advocate for Joseph McCarthy he ends up
becoming a serious and considered and
principled defender of an advocate for
racial justice but not without
consternation that without contradiction
not without complication his
relationship to Martin Luther King jr.
for instance is quite interesting
because after that death that I began
with after that funeral that I began
with
we remember that Bobby Kennedy spoke in
Indianapolis bravely about the death of
King he announced to those black people
in the hood what had gone on against the
advice of his advisers who said it's
going to be tough you go into the ghetto
at this particular moment of the death
of their foremost figure it could be
really treacherous for you and very
perilous and he went on anyhow he gave a
brilliant speech quoting the Greek
classics and then talked about his
brother's death and later that night he
said privately this is not the worst
thing that is the death of King to
happen to the American Republic so he
was a very complicated figure I wanted
to go to that moment in Indianapolis
when Robert Kennedy has learned of the
death of dr. King and he breaks the news
to supporters as he tells them about
King's assassination for those of you
who are black and are attempted to fill
with be filled with hatred and mistrust
of the injustice of such an act
against all white people I would only
say that I can also feel in my own heart
the same kind of feeling I had a member
of my family killed but he was killed by
a white man
my favorite poet was Aeschylus he once
wrote even in our sleep pain which
cannot forget falls drop by drop upon
the heart until in our own despair
against our will comes wisdom through
the awful grace of God what we need in
the United States is not violence and
lawlessness but is love and wisdom and
compassion toward one another feeling of
justice toward those who still suffer
within our country whether they be white
or whether they be black that was Robert
Kennedy the night of King's
assassination breaking the news to his
own supporters in Indianapolis Michael
Eric Dyson you were saying about that
night in that night later on after that
remarkable oration after that appealed
to the Greek classics after that
appealed to his own personal suffering
his existential trauma the remembrance
of his brother's death
which lingered above him like an angry
cloud of grief he said that night to
AIDS and a kind of dispassionate and
nearly corrosive and some would say very
callous matter
look this death of King is not the worst
thing to happen to the Republic of
course remembering his own grief about
his brother and knowing that these kind
of traumas could be you know visited
upon the nation from time to time but he
had fights with Martin Luther King jr.
even though after the meeting that I
write about he said look you can't talk
to Jimmy Baldwin and Belafonte or Lena
Horne are especially Jerome Smith who
was a freedom rider the most decorated
freedom rider perhaps along with John
Lewis they suffered both the most
physically beaten to within an inch of
their life of their lives so to speak
but after that meeting he said look you
can't talk to them like you talked to
King and yet when he had the ability to
talk to King
there were often verbal exchanges that
were sometimes brutal sometimes honest
and difficult and yet he ultimately
committed to the very principles that
motivated dr. King and dr. King accepted
that as the price to be paid in order to
link arms to fight for justice so let's
go to that moment of the meeting talk
about where it took place who was there
and why you centered your whole book
around it right well the meeting took
place in New York and central on Central
Park at the Kennedy penthouse that
belonged to the family his father of
course but it was in the family it's
where Martin Luther King jr. had his
first meeting with then candidate for
president Jack Kennedy John F Kennedy so
it was there that they met they had met
they being Bobby Kennedy and James
Baldwin met the morning before when
Baldwin flew out to Hickory Hill after
landing in DC then got driven out to
Hickory Hill by mr. Kennedy's chauffeur
to meet with him in the suburbs of DC at
his home because he was Attorney General
and they had a pleasant enough meeting
very interested in each other they
expressed their interest in each other
and the plane for Baldwin had been late
so Kennedy said as they packed up and
went off to the city to go to another
meeting he said look I'm gonna be in New
York tomorrow why don't you bring some
of those people that we talked about
that black people listen to he didn't
want to talk to King or Adam Clayton
Powell or Whitney Young are any of the
established leaders he wanted to speak
to people that you know had the ears of
the people so to speak as the great
philosopher Shawn Carter would say
streets was talking and who was who was
listening so the reality is is that he
said look I got some people Doug Harry
Belafonte they listen to Lena Horne
Lorraine Hansberry and he happened to
they happen to be available he got them
together he said okay I'll meet you
tomorrow and they went to the penthouse
and Bobby Kennedy expecting to be
treated with great deference and
certainly greeted with gratitude for the
enormous contribution that he made and
especially his brother to civil rights
but it
it was a checkered record on the one
hand they were committed in word to the
civil rights movement and some things
that Bobby Kennedy did as Attorney
General trying to force J Edgar Hoover
to get a few more black people in the
building talking about voting as a
linchpin to arguing for justice but at
the same time they put on to the federal
bench Harold Cox who called black people
the n-word from the bench they also
promised Ernest Vandiver then then the
governor of Georgia that is mr. Kennedy
John F Kennedy the president when he
placed a well-timed call to Martin
Luther King Jr's jailers well he placed
a call to the governor because King was
in jail in Georgia and said let him out
and you know it's it's something that's
harsh and unnecessary and he was let out
in a few days before he was let out he
was let out a few days before the
election for the President of the United
States of America and that boosted
Kennedy's numbers among black people who
could vote so he promised that Governor
however that I will not use federal
legislation to enforce integration and
desegregation in your state so he's
playing both ends against the middle so
when Bobby Kennedy shows up there these
very smart black people are aware of
that Jimmy Baldwin has just fired off an
electrifying telegram I know young
people don't even know what that is it's
not Twitter swipe right it's not tinder
it's not even rough it's not social
media it's not even a stencil he went
there
Morse coding or tap tap tap and then
communicating a message to the Attorney
General that we are outdone by the
ghoulish behavior of the buffoonish and
yet brutal a Bull Connor those are my
words who is down in Birmingham doing
horrible things to black people
unleashing powerful fire hoses washing
them against the wall the bicuspid
Sunanda sizes of police dogs are
snarling at the flesh of black men women
men and children and so he said we've
had enough so he fired that off Kennedy
responded they have the meeting and
Kennedy expecting deference instead got
Jerome Smith who said I'm tired of this
I'm tired of the pity patter and you're
worried about because part of the
meeting was to figure out why is it that
black anger is rising why is it that
rage is on the rise why is it that black
people are listening to the black
Muslims and not Martin Luther King jr.
or Roy Wilkins or Whitney Young from the
Urban League and n-double-a-cp
respectively
why are they being attracted to these
voices from beneath and so Jerome Smith
who was a devotee of Gandhi and Martin
Luther King jr. and the philosophy of
non-violence said don't worry about the
black Muslims they voting they're not
gonna get out here and do anything
that's gonna bother you ultimately
politically but what you got to worry
about is a guy like me who's a devotee
of these principles and I'm ready to
take up a gun I'm ready to go into the
streets because I'm tired of the
injustice that we are enduring that was
astonishing to to mr. Kennedy it
electrified the room and he tried to
pivot away from a Jerome Smith to the
respectable Negroes the politics of
respectability after all were not
invented with black lives matter and so
to her credit it was Lorraine Hansberry
said mr. Attorney General there are a
fair number of very prominent people in
this room but the only man you should be
listening to is over there pointing
right back to Jerome Smith and and
therefore even though he was angry Bobby
Kennedy said that that that we've got to
find a way to work together he said look
I know you're in despair but I'm an
Irish person and the two generations in
as an Irish family we have a president
of the United States of America speaking
about his brother Jack Kennedy - which
Baldwin acidly and acerbic Lee responded
that's the problem we've been here for
five and six generations and there's
nothing to show for it in terms of
political advance and then it went
downhill from there so for three hours
Bobby Kennedy was virtually nailed to
his chair seething silently against the
vicious and brutal expression of honest
emotion and the reason I want to begin
with this meeting is because it's rare
that white people have to listen to the
agony bridge and pain of black people
don't say anything don't speak back
don't pipe up just listen feel away - a
coot a moi listen to me figure out where
I am what I'm doing what I'm struggling
was understand the rage the pain the
anxiety the trauma that we endure and he
sat there and listened but he was very
angry and afterward
went as you already indicated in six the
FBI on the people whose dossiers had not
yet been established by the FBI's a
couple of them had been but for the most
part he got J Edgar Hoover to check out
who these people were so ironically
enough the great liberal Zion a
scientist ioan and and and iconic figure
was the very person who SiC the FBI on
these people but when he calmed down he
said you know what if I was black I
might be full of Rage too I might have
some of the same agony to I have to
understand that and then one of their
major messages to him was see race not
as merely a political issue but as a
moral problem use the bully pulpit to
speak up and amplify the best interests
the best angels of American democracy
and then talk about that and and he did
encourage his brother Jack Kennedy to
give such a speech in June of that year
63 of an amazing speech that talked
about tomorrow accents highlights and
underscores of race but especially
morality in regard to race and then
Bobby Kennedy himself began to change
his own outlet began to talk to many
more black communities sometimes getting
brutally assaulted verbally sometimes
with direct passion and rage and yet he
sat there he understood it and he began
to work with people and he began to
change his mind to become much more
empathetic and understanding of the
conditions and the plight in predicament
of not only black people but poor people
across this country I wanted to go back
to the great writer and civil rights
activist James Baldwin speaking in 1963
again this is before the assassination
of Malcolm X before the assassination of
dr. King and before the assassination of
Robert F Kennedy himself it's as 1963
right after that meeting he had with
Harry Belafonte and Lena Horne and
Robert F Kennedy
this is Baldwin who was 16 in San
Francisco told me on television thank
God we got him drunk maybe somebody
would start to listen he said I got no
country I got no flag he's only 16 years
old
and I couldn't say you do I don't have
any evidence to prove that he does they
were tearing down his house because the
San Francisco is engaging as well most
local cities now are engaged in
something called urban renewal which
means moving in it goes out getting it
means Negro removal that is what it
means
mysticum is it he's an accomplice to
this fact
now this we're talking about human
beings is that such a thing as a
monolithic wall or ignore some
abstraction called Negro problem he's
Negro boys and girls who at 16 and 17
don't believe the country means anything
that it says no people have any place
here on the basis of the performance of
the entire country James Baldwin in 1963
we'll be back with Michael Eric Dyson
author of what truth sounds like in a
minute
you
