welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman in Austin Texas
authorities have identified the man they
say was responsible for a series of six
bombings that killed two people and
injured at least six others saying the
bomber left behind a video confession
police say Marc Anthony Condit 23 year
old white man from Austin suburbs died
after he blew himself up in his car
Wednesday morning as police surrounded
him in a news conference Wednesday
afternoon with Texas Republican governor
Greg Abbott Austin Police Chief Brian
Manley described and as yet unreleased
25 minute video that Condit recorded on
a cell phone
Manley said the video shows Condit
describing details of how he built six
bombs used in the attack
despite that chief Manley described
content as a troubled young man rather
than a terrorist or someone driven by
hate I know everybody is interested in a
motive and understanding why and we are
never going to be able to put a rash in
behind these acts but what I can tell
you having it listen to that recording
he does not all mention anything about
terrorism nor does he mention anything
about hate
instead it is the outcry of a very
challenged young man talking about
challenges in his personal life the two
people killed in the bombings were both
members of prominent african-american
families in Austin in blog posts Condit
described himself as a conservative who
was anti-abortion anti marriage equality
and Pro death penalty on Capitol Hill
lawmakers have reached a deal on a 1.3
trillion dollar spending bill that would
see a record expansion of the US
military while failing to provide relief
to immigrants who were brought to the US
as children if approved ahead of a
deadline at the end of Friday the
measure would avert a third government
shutdown the bill does not address the
daca program which gives hundreds of
thousands of young undocumented
immigrants legal permission to live and
work in the United States President
Trump tried to cancel daca last year
although he's repeatedly been blocked
from doing so by the courts Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg broke his silence over a
burgeoning scandal Wednesday telling CNN
he's sorry his company allowed a voter
profile and company named Cambridge
analytic ah to harvest the data of more
than 50 million Facebook users without
their permission and efforts to sway
voters to support President Donald Trump
so this was a major breach of trust and
and I'm really sorry that this happened
you know we have a basic responsibility
to protect people's data and if we can't
do that then we don't deserve to have
the opportunity to serve people so our
responsibility now is to make sure this
doesn't happen again
Zuckerberg apology came days after CBS
reported Facebook knew about Cambridge
analytic --is data harvesting two years
ago but failed to report the practice to
users Cambridge analytic au was founded
by billionaire Robert Mercer Trump's
former adviser Steve Bannon of Breitbart
news one of the company's key
strategists Attorney General Jeff
Sessions instructed federal prosecutors
on Wednesday to seek the death penalty
in drug related cases
saying execution should be used as a
deterrent to combat the opioid epidemic
the announcement came amidst a push by
President Trump to apply capital
punishment to drug dealers citing
favorably the policies of Chinese
President Xi Jinping and Philippines
president Rodrigo Duterte whose boasted
of killing drug dealers himself in
Israel a military court reached a plea
deal Wednesday with a head Tamimi the 20
the 17 year old Palestinian girl who
became a hero to Palestinians after
viral video showed her slapping a
soldier near her family's home in the
occupied West Bank the incident came
just after I had to me me learned that
her 15 year old cousin Muhammad Tamimi
had been shot in the head at close range
by an Israeli soldier using a rubber
coated steel bullet I had to me me face
12 charges including assaulting a
soldier and incitement to violence under
terms of the plea deal had to Mimi's
lawyer says the 17 year old will be
sentenced to eight months in jail and
must pay a fine of five thousand shekels
or about fourteen hundred dollars after
the plea agreement was presented I had
to Mimi told reporters in the courtroom
there is no justice under the occupation
her father bassam Tamimi later told
Reuters the case attracted the attention
of Westerners because of his daughter's
light skin and blonde hair and I rubian
be able see my daughter blonde and the
blue eye they shook it because they saw
their their children in front of them
it's broke the stereotype of the image
of the Palestinian in the international
community which they brainwashed by the
media formal media done for the
Palestinian they sue the Palestinian
like them we'll have more on the case of
our head to Meany with our guests after
headlines in Burma a pair of Reuters
journalists reached their 100th day
behind bars Wednesday as they face up to
14 years in prison for allegedly
violating Burma's Official Secrets Act
while lone and jostle were arrested on
December 12th as they in
est√° gated a massacre committed by the
Burmese military targeting rahega
Muslims in the village of Indian in
September as police led them away from a
courthouse in Rangoon cha solo briefly
held his young daughter and addressed
reporters I would like to record for my
daughter that people who reported the
truth were detained and put behind bars
in Burma I want my daughter to know when
she grows up that this is a shame please
record this so that my daughter knows
the things that happen with this
government the truth-seekers were
arrested were put behind bars and media
freedom was curtailed on Wednesday
members of Hong Kong's foreign
correspondents Club said it has gathered
42,000 signatures calling for the
release of the Burmese journalists
members of the club say Burma's embassy
in Hong Kong closed its doors early
Wednesday in an effort to avoid
receiving the petition in Nigeria dozens
of schoolgirls who'd been kidnapped from
their school in the northern town of top
ji were released Wednesday more than a
month after they were taken during a
raid by Boko Haram militants government
officials say a hundred one of the
hundred ten girls who were abducted
February 19th were returned and that at
least five girls died during their
ordeal one witness said the five were
crushed to death as militants herded
them into vehicles to be returned many
of the girls showed signs of dehydration
and malnourishment in Peru president
Pedro Pablo kuchenski resigned on
Wednesday one day after he was scheduled
to face an impeachment trial after video
surfaced showing his allies trying to
bribe opposition lawmakers in a national
address president kuchenski proclaimed
his innocence even as he said he would
step aside in the face of this difficult
situation that has developed and has
unjustly made me appear guilty of acts
that I have not participated in I think
the best thing for the country is that I
resign as president of the Republic Vice
President Martin vist Kara will replace
kuchenski who narrowly survived an
impeachment vote late last year after he
attempted to conceal his business ties
to a Brazilian construction firm which
is at the center of a massive corruption
scandal that has spread across Latin
America back in the United States the
Federal Reserve Wednesday raised
interest rates by a quarter of a
percentage point and the first such hike
since Fed chair Jerome Powell replaced
Janet Yellen as head of the US central
bank Powell signaled the Fed is prepared
to raise rates two more times this year
amidst pressure from investors who fear
rising wages for blue-collar workers are
adding to inflation a veteran Fox News
analyst has quit the cable news network
saying he can no longer work for the
channel and good conscience and an open
letter released Tuesday retired US Army
Colonel Ralph Peters writes Fox News
hosts routinely dismiss facts and
empirical reality Peter also blasted the
network over its unwavering support for
president Trump writing quote in my view
Fox has degenerated from providing a
legitimate and much-needed outlet for
conservative voices to a mere propaganda
machine for a destructive and ethically
ruinous administration unquote the
Washington Post reports more than a
hundred eighty-seven thousand students
have been exposed to gun violence at
school in the nineteen years since the
Columbine High School massacre in 1999
despite the high number school shootings
represent only a tiny fraction of u.s.
gun violence which claims more than
13,000 lives in the United States each
year the Post report comes days ahead of
Saturday's historic March for our lives
rally in Washington DC which will be led
by student survivors of the parkland
Florida High School massacre tune in to
our coverage from the Washington DC
rally we will begin Democracy Now will
be there broadcasting from noon to 4:00
p.m. Eastern Time in Tempe Arizona
police investigators have released video
from a self-driving car operated by uber
showing an emergency backup driver a
human was not paying attention to the
road in the moments leading up to a
fatal crash an external camera
is the car about to strike pedestrian
Alain Hertzberg who is pushing a bicycle
across the four-lane road an internal
camera recording shows driver
Rafaela Vasquez looking down and failing
to pay attention to the road just before
the car struck Hertzberg who's believed
to be the first pedestrian killed in
association with new self-driving
technology in New York City advocates
for taxi workers say an immigrant cab
driver committed suicide as he faced
financial ruin due to a shift away from
yellow cabs and toward ride hailing a
base services like uber and lyft 65 year
old Nicanor og Sewer who drove a New
York City yellow cab for nearly 30 years
was found hanged to death from a wooden
beam in a Queens garage last Friday Oh
chi-su owned a taxi medallion and shared
driving duties with his wife who picked
up morning shifts while he worked
evenings and an unsuccessful struggle to
make ends meet the New York taxi workers
Alliance say og Soares death is the
fourth such suicide of a driver in
recent months in February livery car
driver Douglas shifter killed himself
outside the gates of New York City Hall
after writing in a suicide knife suicide
note posted to Facebook quote I will not
be a slave working for chump change I
would rather be dead to see our
discussion of what taxi drivers face you
can go to democracynow.org in Sacramento
California police have released a pair
of videos showing the moments before two
officers shot and killed 22 year old
Stefan Clark an african-american father
of two who was gunned down in his own
backyard at the time of the killing
officers were investigating a 911
someone in a hoodie in the neighborhood
breaking the windows of cars one newly
released video taken from a police
helicopter shows thermal images of Clark
being pursued outside his home by the
two officers who draw their pistols on
him
another disturbing video from a body
camera worn by one of the officers shows
the moment Clark was killed in a hail of
20 bullets as both officers opened fire
on him
[Applause]
Sacramento's Police Department say the
officer is waited for about five minutes
before approaching Clark to administer
medical attention after they shot him in
his own yard
the officers initially claimed they
opened fire after Clark advanced toward
them holding an object they believed was
a gun in a separate statement the
department later said the officers
believed at the time Clark was holding a
toolbar Clark was found to have only a
cell phone on him at the time of his
death Mississippi Republican governor
phil Bryant has named the state's
agriculture commissioner Cindy
hyde-smith to serve as US Senator as
fellow Republican thad Cochran steps
aside due to poor health hyde-smith will
become the first woman Mississippi has
ever sent to Congress
she's expected to immediately begin
campaigning for a special election for
the Senate seat in November New York
City has launched an investigation into
the real estate company founded by
president Trump's son-in-law and senior
adviser Jared Kushner amidst reports the
company illegally falsified building
permits city officials are looking into
an Associated Press report that Kushner
companies regularly claimed it had no
regulated tenants in its buildings when
in fact it had hundreds in a move that
allowed the company to skirt regulations
the AP reports the false documents were
filed while Jared Kushner was running
the company and before he joined the
Trump White House New York City Council
member richie torres says he'll make a
criminal referral of the city uncovers
evidence that Jared Kushner committed a
crime if convicted on a local chore
Kushner would not be eligible for a
presidential pardon the probe came as a
New York tenants rights group filed suit
against Kushner companies alleging it
neglected properties and used
round-the-clock construction to force
tenants out of rent-stabilized homes
this is our encar of the group housing
rights initiatives speaking Monday it is
abundantly clear that Kushner companies
made the lives of its tenants a living
hell
from tactics that include
around-the-clock construction rodent
infestation potential asbestos exposure
black mold collapsed buildings and yes
even collapsed buildings construction
harassment is literally a form of
physical and psychological torture it is
designed to make the living situation of
a tenant unbearable to the point where
they are willing to give up the most
valuable thing a tenant can have in New
York City in the midst of an affordable
housing prices affordability and those
are some of the headlines this is
democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm
no meanshe welcome to our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
