[Music]
well in a broadcast exclusive today we
conducted a jailhouse interview by phone
with another Mexican journalist Emilio
cachoeira Soto who's fighting his
deportation to Mexico as he's being held
in a u.s. Detention Center in El Paso
Texas
Gutierrez first sought asylum in the
United States in 2008 after receiving
death threats for reporting on alleged
corruption in the Mexican military he
was detained then eventually released
while his asylum appeal was pending well
last week his asylum appeal was denied
he now faces deportation back to Mexico
one of the most dangerous countries in
the world for journalists Democracy Now
is Juan Gonzalez and I had a chance to
speak with Gutierrez directly in
detention where he is in jail in El Paso
you know I wrote some articles where I
described how the military acting in the
northwest of Chihuahua specifically in
the municipality of SM soon chihuahua
and particularly the population of
Palomas which is by the border with the
state of New Mexico military
Wow this caused disgust at the Ministry
of Defense which sent the head of the
fifth military zone in Chihuahua general
Garcia Vega to threaten me saying I'd
already written three articles noting
corruption and assaults against the
population by members of the military
and he sentenced me he said you've
written three articles and there's not
going to be a fourth one and of course
there was a fourth article and I filed a
complaint with the Human Rights
Commission and also with the office of
the Attorney General for the state
as a result for a time after those
threats they sought some sort of
reconciliation with me that the terms
never came about in this state of
affairs I was somewhat fearful in the
face of a serious warning by a general
high-level commander from the Mexican
army back in 2008 the army forcibly
entered my home knocking down the main
door threatening us with their firearms
they threw me to the floor and they said
they were searching for weapons and
drugs they destroyed our home and of
course they found nothing nothing at all
once again great fear has come such that
I had to stay up all night while my son
was sleeping I had to look out the
window to see who might be coming by and
my sleep well I would catch up on my
sleep at the office while at the same
time doing my work as a journalist a
month later on May 5th at night after
they broke into our house in a destroyed
house we took more precautions and on
June 16 2008 we decided to enter the
United States seeking political asylum
first we said that the military were
keeping close surveillance over me
and a friend of mine told me that a
relative of hers in the repeat response
elite group told my friend told her that
there was a plan to kill me
obviously I had to quickly take what I
needed from my home I went
to a friend of a home where my son was
there was a religious service going on
there and we went to a ranch on Saturday
July 14th and on the 16th we opted to
cross into the United States at the
border post of berrendo into the state
of New Mexico where we placed ourselves
at the disposal of u.s. immigration
officials seeking political asylum
politically was it your intention to to
move to the United States or did you
just feel that you had to as a result of
the threats to your life in the modern
era permanently working no we did this
with the intention of moving permanently
because when there is a threat by the
military it's very serious plus there
were already antecedents in terms of how
the military were acting and in some
cases people would not appear again
Emilio can you talk about what
deportation would mean first describe
where you are in the El Paso Jail and
then what would it mean if you were sent
back to Mexico well if we are deported
that obviously implies death why because
ice under the Department of Homeland
Security of the United States by law
must give a report to the immigration
authorities of Mexico and the consulate
and the immigration officials in Mexico
have no credibility it's impossible to
trust in them to the contrary many of
those officials many personnel at the
consulate or Immigration Service are
caught up with organized crime
and organized crime is precisely the
Mexican government
the government didn't give its consent
for criminal groups to work with
impunity certainly the conditions would
be different but the government of
Mexico facilitates the work of criminal
groups who operate with total impunity
the government of Mexico we all know is
the most corrupt government in the
hemisphere and obviously enjoys no
credibility now the conditions we find
ourselves at this ice jail in El Paso
are truly denigrating we have seen my
son and myself most of the immigrants
detained here are from Central and South
America the majority we're not so many
Mexicans here at this Jail now given the
extreme poverty well of course that is
experienced in Mexico but even more so
in Central and South America for many of
the persons detained it seems that the
conditions are adequate all right
Pleasant but they are the food is poor
nutritionally it is not pleasant at all
to eat the food here not at all plus the
rations the portions are too small and
the immigration authorities here in the
United States are saying that you have
no proof no documentary proof of your
claims or that no witnesses have
appeared to back up your claims how do
you respond to that I believe that the
immigration authorities are an
institution based on lies it would
appear that I would need to enter the
United States with bullet holes on the
front and back of my body or a mutilated
which is what the institutional criminal
group the Mexican government generally
does it seems to me that the immigration
authorities are more than thrown off and
are acting with intent and based on lies
we have in my case from the very moment
we entered the United States my case has
been the most documented the judge who
handled our matter well I consider him a
lazy judge who did not take the time to
read the main documents that we filed
among others one that was sent by the
National Commission on Human Rights
which investigated the attacks against
us by the Mexican army and determined
that our lives were in danger now they
say there's no documentation of course
there's documentation and if we look at
the background and the update we see
there 121 journalists who have been
assassinated and none of these cases has
been clarified none of them so how can
they dare to say that we don't have the
arguments and evidence necessary they're
just lazy when it comes to doing their
work and there's no credibility in this
case it is ice the Department of
Homeland Security and the judge I know
you have to go for the prisoner count
right now what message do you have for
people of the United States about your
situation right now about both your
detention are you planning to go on a
hunger strike and also about what your
deportation would mean meeting me at the
Assembly might be good
look I think that my case is emblematic
for Mexican journalists I'm considering
a hunger strike now beginning it
in this jail under ice means I might be
closed up we're in a solitary place
where the doctors or nurses could
force-feed me through a tube that would
be placed in my nose and that would be
another violation of my fundamental
rights as a person the message that I
would like to share with the population
of the United States is to please
express solidarity with the terror
experienced by families of the
journalists who've been assassinated in
Mexico and to seek at least a breath of
justice which does not exist to the
contrary what we have seen is total
impunity covered up from the president
Enrique Pena Nieto and the previous
President Felipe Calderon who began a
war against drug trafficking the only
aim being to legitimate himself in power
so the Solidarity of the citizens of the
United States is basic we should have
such solidarity please so that we can
have an aspiration of life an aspiration
to continue denouncing to continue
saying that we are telling the truth
nothing more the only thing that has
motivated us at least in my career as a
journalist is to speak with the truth to
participate in the search for social
justice Emilia we saw a picture of you
taken by your son of your arm and leg
and shackles was where was this why were
you chained in this way are you also
able to receive your medication right
now are you wearing an ankle bracelet
right now talk about your conditions
they don't need a
[Music]
hmm well my physical situation is not so
good it was not until yesterday
afternoon that I was given medicine for
high blood pressure and cholesterol and
they still need to perform some other
tests on other organs of my body which
apparently are not working adequately I
think that this is all because of the
stress that I've been suffering to which
we've been subjected and the fear that
they have imposed on us including the
immigration authorities from the judge
who denied us our possibility and did
not believe in our case even though we
had evidence and we had so much paper it
would fill two cards the testimonies
that were presented in due course were
clear and convincing yet they were just
set aside my physical condition well I
feel it's delicate I don't feel well you
recently received an award from the
National Press Club you were invited to
accept the Johno baton of press freedom
award on behalf of Mexico's journalists
can you talk about life for journalists
in Mexico one it's one of the most
dangerous countries in the world for
journalists especially in countries that
are not at war what does it mean to be a
journalist in Mexico today especially
one who exposes and Justices me well the
fact that the National Press Club of the
United States has awarded me the John a
bhishan prize this year is a major
gesture by this organization that makes
me feel very happy and more humble in
the face of the work
the risks that my colleagues face in
Mexico in Mexico journalists who dare to
tell the truth who dare to denounce the
corrupt governments at serious risk of
being kidnapped of being disappeared
being forced to go into exile or to shut
up
and that's what happens on a regular
basis with journalists who think in a
free manner those who work for companies
that it basically try to make the
government look good enjoy certain
protection by the government they're not
attacked by the agents of the government
system in Mexico particularly the
federal system though the state and
local governments are also among the
main assailants of journalists 99% of
the attacks on journalists in Mexico
come from the governments and so it was
a wonderful gesture by the National
Press Club to give this distinction
which was recognition of the arduous
work facing danger that one does and
that we did in Mexico
Emilio do you feel targeted or
criminalized for seeking political
asylum in the United States and do you
feel pressured to drop your asylum claim
it's a little cookie I think so I'm sure
that that's the case it's a message to
the press in my country to not dare come
to the United States seeking exile lest
they might be imprisoned as we as has
happened to us we have followed every
instruction from the government through
its immigration institutions absolutely
each and
everyone and so we went to a court of
appeals what we that we were summons to
with a nice official we have never tried
to hide or try to lewd any measures by
the immigration authorities and the day
that we went forward to go before the
immigration authorities we got there a
little bit late
why well there was very bad weather it
was raining it was snowing the highway
was coated with ice and the person who
gave us a ride to get there at the right
time had a breakdown in their vehicle
and so we had to go back and get another
ride in order to appear before ice and a
Court of Appeals by phone and the ice
officer Patricio Logan in a very
personal manner ordered that we be
arrested without giving us any
opportunity to explain and we were
immediately placed in serious danger
practically at the International Bridge
now fortunately the Supreme Court helped
us a response came from the Court of
Appeals suspending my deportation
nonetheless this led Patricio Logan the
officer to get angry and instead of
releasing us to the freedom that we'd
enjoyed for about nine years
instead sent us to a prison a prison so
depressing
so absent of any values in terms of the
staff it's called Sierra Blanca and
there they intended to deport us even
though there was a court order to stop
the deportation they were going to
deport us through the city of Akunyili
now the city of our Cunha quote wheeler
is practically
taken by the criminal group the Los
Zetas one of the most dangerous in
Mexico so for an ice officer to put us
in that situation well it makes us ask
who would have the most responsibility
in the case of an assassination of my
son and myself
they're simply devaluing human integrity
you've been offered a protection by the
Mexican government if you decide to
return to your country why have you
refused to accept that offer because
obviously the Mexican government does
not enjoy any credibility nationally or
internationally and proof of this is
that one of the reporters allegedly
receiving protection by the federal
government in the state of Veracruz was
assassinated the protection given by the
federal government to journalists is a
vile lie there is no protection for
journalists in Mexico those of us who
dare to speak the truth are exposed to
being assassinated Emilio you have
talked about you and your son how old
are you how old is your son and what
will are you applying for political
asylum together
my son is 24 years old he had just
turned 15 when we entered the country I
am now 54 years old my son is also very
fearful of going back for with the
passage of time
he is stayed in close touch with what's
happening in Mexico through the media
and he began to see how the government
of Mexico would act he witnessed the
threats by general Garcia Vega he was
with me when they searched our home and
he's also been fearful
because he's seen my fear that we might
be intercepted along the road and
kidnapped and assassinated so my son
doesn't want to go back to Mexico either
plus neither my son or I have family in
Mexico we've been growing family with
friendships in the United States emilio
mexico's congress approved a law that
allows the use of the army in mexico's
deadly war on drugs that has killed
something like a hundred thousand people
in the past decade this law was passed
despite the concern of Amnesty
International many human rights groups
can you respond to Mexico approving this
law that allows the use of the army well
the Army has always been involved in the
drug war in a disguised manner and then
after had their own the drunk President
got their own declared war on drug
trafficking it's always been a lie
they're now passing this law on internal
security and this is just the preamble
to be able to hush distant voices after
the 2018 elections it is merely
preparation for submitting all those who
protest after the electoral fraud that
we are now observing ahead of time
before the fact can you talk to us a
little bit about what you during the
time that you've been in the United
States how you have attempted to pursue
your your work in journalism my work in
journalism has involved keeping society
and the community informed in open
forums about what's happening in my
country we have survived because
I had a trailer from which we could sell
food and some snacks
my son studied to prepare himself as a
chef so we have survived we have
survived now my trailer was stolen just
last week some thieves broke into our
home destroyed what we had inside and at
the same time took away our possibility
of continuing to work at least in that
business selling food
[Music]
