[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're broadcasting from
Brownsville Texas on the texas-mexico
border ahead of a mass protest later
today at the federal courthouse that's
just behind us that's calling on the
Trump administration to end the
zero-tolerance policy that has separated
thousands of children from their parents
many of them of what they call tender
age below twelve ten years old infants
five year old four year old three year
old kids we're continuing our
conversation with Jennifer Harbury
longtime human rights lawyer and
activist has lived in the rio grande
valley for over 40 years well known here
in brownsville has spent a lot of time
in that courthouse behind us her husband
a frien bamaca Velasquez was a Mayan
commandant a in Guatemala who was
disappeared captured by the u.s. trained
us supported Guatemalan army in the
1980s after a long campaign that she was
leading she learned about the u.s.
involvement and cover-up of her
husband's torture and murder we'll talk
about that as well Jennifer Harbury is
also author of truth torture and the
American Way the history and
consequences of US involvement in
torture Jennifer it's great to continue
part two of this conversation with you I
want to go though to these bridges
describe them for us you represent
people who apply for political asylum
explain what happens when they do what
the US government says they should do
not go in between the ports of entry and
go over the border but come to the port
of entry and do something that they say
is legal exactly um we're a part of
various treaties on refugees and we
executed those into our own domestic
laws it's in there and it says the
person under 8 USC 1225 goes up to the
port of entry knocks on the door and
literally
I'm in danger I need to apply for asylum
and as I said earlier they then go to a
credible fear interview and then to a
detention center initially and they'll
be put in proceedings before an
immigration judge the way the norm that
has always been in place for either
group of people whether they went by the
river or went across the bridge is that
if they've got perfectly good
identification
they've never committed a crime they're
not a threat to ending when they're just
on the run from the cartels and they
have legal status relatives citizen or
LPR who will take them in and sponsor
them and pay all their expenses legal
permanent resident if they have all of
that then there they have all has been
released now since Trump came in it had
started declining even before trumpet
then it just took a belly flop and it's
part of the campaign of punishment not
of cartel people but of the victims of
the cartels so if you go in and ask for
asylum pass you're credible fear test
you're detained and the conditions are
horrific we had one woman who had had
surgery to repair her pelvis the one
that was kidnapped and they gave her
such terribly we didn't mean the one who
was kidnapped i had outside stated in
our other segment on she had gone north
with her eight-year-old daughter fleeing
the cartels and as they neared Reynosa
on the border their van was pursued and
it flipped over and crashed her daughter
was crushed to death eight years old she
suffered the mother a terrible fracture
of her pelvis her femur her arm and a
big gash around her throat where she
went through the windshield they could
have taken her head off she was several
months in the hospital in Reynosa
hobbled across the bridge on a walker
and told last year we don't do that
anymore go away she went back and was
kidnapped at the foot of the bridge all
anyone looking like a refugee is gonna
be kidnapped because they're cartel
hasn't figured out you've got someone up
north that loves you and is gonna go
find the money that's what happened we
then were able to bring her across she
applied for what's called parole similar
to bond and was eligible she had
eligibility for two categories severe
medical condition plus many legal
relatives eager to take her and no
criminal background on denied she was in
there for close to a year and the
surgical site began to reopen given the
terrible conditions here abdomen in her
hip in her hip I began to open again and
record that requires immediate like the
antibiotics but they gave her such load
inadequate pills for I four antibiotics
that she became resistant to all of them
then the infection went into her thigh
bone and she basically was going septic
after a year they kind of threw her at
me as she was in the wheelchair in
horrible pain I was able to get her to
her relative she's undergone three
surgeries and they didn't have to
amputate her leg that's how we're
treating the victims of the cartel's
what to understand something Jeff
Sessions the Attorney General said
domestic violence and gang violence will
no longer be accepted as grounds for
political asylum so she would not be
accepted under that's correct and a
woman whose case I whose children I
represent in another case this was back
from oh nine but it's a very typical
case actually and it shows you what's
going to happen now she had an extremely
abusive partner from from Marino so they
grew up in almost next door to each
other nurses just over the border and
just over the river and he beat her so
often and then tried to burn the trailer
they were living in with her and the
kids inside it that she went to the
police got protective orders and he got
deported back to Raine Olson immediately
joined the cartels and all her relatives
said he's talking about how he's going
to murder you he's gonna burn you he's
driving around with the cartels with
these heavy weapons don't ever come back
she was stopped by police after her
waitressing shift and they said you know
faulty brake light or something a very
typical excuse and was immediately
turned over to Border Patrol with all of
her friends screaming don't send her
back she won't survive the week she was
begging and crying before the courts
were even open and before she could
contact any lawyer just at dawn she was
forced back across the bridge into
Reynosa
and five days later they found her in
sin that incinerated and her children
have to live with that there was a child
that was 10 that is suicidal off and on
and that's our fault
in the case of the woman that you
described called Laura who was forced
back we had Sarah Steelman on who did a
piece for the New Yorker about this yes
she told the Border Patrol agent you are
sending me straight to the
slaughterhouse and she said that her
deportation she said to him my death
will be on your hands she turned to
agent Garza and said when I am found
dead it will be on your conscience
that's exactly what she said and that
was confirmed by two people who were
deported with her they were picked up
with her in her car they all went across
the bridge together and they all said
the same thing she was weeping and
crying desperate on you know where was
she found in Reynosa in an incinerated
car just down near the river the first
the second day he found out she was
there and managed to he rammed her car
because she was trying to find her
hyotei to rush her across and it's
$1,500 to get it to pay the cartels for
permission to cross so her family was
rounding up nickels and dimes dollars
anything they could find she went down
to make arrangements and he rammed her
car dragged her out of the car in front
of her small child and nearly and bitter
ear off basically and her cousin who is
a very feisty woman hit him with a log
and they escaped and a few days after
that she was found unidentifiable at
first they didn't know if the cadaver
was male or female but they all that
family immediately recognized the mark
of the car she'd been strangled
partially and and burned their cause of
death with strangulation and burns and
she was tied to the steering wheel so
explain what you're doing how you're
fighting back well on many different
fronts right for one thing I want to
make sure people make it to the door of
the port of entry to ask for asylum
first they were all turned to
last year then the American immigration
council filed a class action and then
they stopped turning people away you
know at least if they were with somebody
else they started doing that again just
about a month ago almost unilaterally
across the United States border just
about every crossing in Reynosa and Romo
very close to here something almost
worse was happening the refugee moms
with their babies and men who were
terrified and dads with their kids came
to the bridges and they were told we're
full sit on the bridge and wait your
turn and it's of course their fold
because people are illegally being
denied parole and bond once they're
taken into the system so some of them
are in there for two years two and a
half years year and a half and so of
course on you know the places are full
but Border Patrol made all of those
families 30 to 50 people I counted sit
on the bridge some of them 10 days in
Roma's 16 days it was a hundred degrees
out back then and the heat factor heat
index was a hundred and eight Border
Patrol agents would not let them sit in
the rain no in the Progresso waiting
room which holds a hundred people is air
conditioned and has bathrooms the people
sitting on the bridge were not allowed
to use the bathrooms they had to go to a
duty-free store as long as it was open
until nightfall and then I guess they
used coffee cans church people civilians
from both sides of the river we started
running to those bridges with with water
with Pedialyte with Pampers with extra
clothes trying to help them and then
suddenly they were gone after Senator
Merkley experienced down here having the
police called on him because he wanted
to check on the welfare the children
that were separated so then what
happened his Border Patrol stood at the
middle of the bridge three men across
big husky men usually to make sure they
had papers quote-unquote before they
would be allowed onto the u.s. half of
the bridge and if they had entered
illegally into Mexico didn't have
transit visas or their transit visas had
been stolen they would call Mexican
immigration and make them come up the
bridge grab the people and drag them
back into Mexico to either jail or
deport them so
went out about that really fast and
everybody ran to the Coyotes to get
across the river well kids drown all the
time in the river you know not long ago
a woman with two small children and an
infant was on one of those rafts going
across and the three-year-old fell in
and she couldn't save him with the baby
in her arms so she was begging the
coyote to stop he wouldn't the child
drowned
so we've driven them into the arms of
these ruthless traffickers a lot of the
Coyotes are now in Reynosa at least
selling people to the cartels that way
they have no cost pure profit and it
gets another tip from the cartels
themselves so we forced them into danger
and if they managed to get over here now
we punish them again by taking their
kids away if they go legally across the
bridge they face long-term detention in
hideous prison-like conditions and the
truth is its intended to force them to
give up their claims for asylum to which
they are legally entitled a hearing in
front of a judge and just say okay I
don't want to sign them after all I'm
going home one kid that we had was 18
his eldest brother was badly murdered ax
murdered by the local cartels the second
brother fled to the United States and
was deported back and killed shortly
thereafter the 18 year old was turned
away with his parents at the bridge
several times finally got across and
after a year in prison like conditions
said I can't take it I'm just gonna go
home I'll just try to survive and he
went home another man with a bullet hole
in his stomach went home and that's what
this administration wants we want to
drive them home we'll take your kids
will imprison you for years on what make
you sit on the bridge and die of
heatstroke whatever we got to do are
gonna drive you home and explain to
someone like the former Houston police
officer that we flew on a plane with
yesterday coming here to Brownsville it
was asking why should these illegal
immigrants be allowed into our country
well I've said before reason number one
we're all human beings we're supposed to
take care of each other Jordan has
something like 600,000 refugees in a
population of 9mm
now that puts us to shame quite apart
from the moral and ethical issues and
our own heritage as Americans my father
arrived at at Ellis Island when he was
11 I mean this is who we are quite aside
from our national identity our
government helped to create the cartels
most of the heads of the cartels are
former military intelligence leaders who
were trained in the United States armed
by the United States worked carefully
with the United States during the
genocide era as documented in the United
Nations Truth Commission report and as I
said earlier President Clinton ended up
issuing an apology to the people of
Guatemala but we basically created this
cadre of people and worked with them
till the end of the genocide which left
200,000 people murdered not killed in
the crossfire in 660 Mayan villages
wiped off the map those people who are
just talking about in Guatemala a lot
Amala alone on those people after the
war ended we're looking around for
something profitable most of them were
already in the drug trade on Colonel
Alvarez Julio Roberto Perez who was my
husband one of my husband's tortures was
being paid for the information he gave
about ever our dough while he was
torturing him he got forty four thousand
dollars from the CIA at a remote jungle
base not long after a specific torture
session after the disclosures happened
he was flown to the United States
despite the fact that he is not eligible
for any kind of visa and lived with his
entire family for ten years not far from
the CIA I want you to tell that story of
everardo of a frien ba McCullough
Velazquez your husband for especially
young people who maybe weren't even born
at that time
but to understand the roots of the
violence today talk about what happened
you're campaigning for him was you know
one of the remarkable moments of protest
in your protest and also what you found
out well as you said earlier he was a
Mayan Indian
campesino he had grown up starving um he
was involved in what I call a Mayan
resistance movement which was part of
the you rnj resistance forces during the
massacred campaign etc etc he was
captured alive he was one of their
highest ranking officials and he was
captured alive on March the 12th 1992 by
the military and they realized who he
was and how much valuable intelligence
he had so instead of instead of killing
him outright which is what they did with
99.9% of the prisoners of war they kept
him alive with the help of physicians
while they tortured him long-term with
the goal of breaking him for his
information on and I'm pretty sure from
the evidence I have in the CIA files
that he survived two and a half to three
years of torture at the hands of the
military intelligence people that team
of his torturers including the current
former president of Guatemala they were
all intelligence paid officials for the
military who were also working for the
CIA and I set out to search for him as
soon as he disappeared because we
weren't convinced he'd been killed in
combat the army faked his death to
better take advantage of his
intelligence they didn't want amnesty
amnesty to be crying out of the UN
interfering or the inter-american
Commission didn't you even go to a
military base where they said this is
the coffin that everardo is in they I
went to a military base where they said
he might be buried under the base along
with between 500 to 2,000 other people
I'm pretty sure that's not where he is
but they faked his death they told us he
was in in an unmarked grave and Retel
Alejo and at the same time about a week
after he disappeared they sent a memo to
both the White House in the State
Department saying oh the army just
captured bamaca alive he's a very very
important catch they're going to fake
his death so they can better take
advantage of his information and so they
can torture him that was six days after
he was picked up I ended up on a long
series of hunger strikes a three total
one of them for 32 days in front of the
palace down there I want to go to a clip
of the documentary dirty secrets
Jennifer everardo and the CIA in
Guatemala
I want to save my husband's life I'm not
going to allow him to be tortured for
two and a half years in a secret army
prison and then shot to death or
assassinated as if he was some kind of
garbage I'd rather die I would literally
rather die and I'm prepared to do so if
I have to I want people to understand
what it means to have someone
disappeared in their family and I want
people to understand what that whole
system of terror against a civilian
population is about
[Music]
when you're looking for someone you care
about you know if you don't sleep
anymore you just stop sleeping you
wonder every single minute you know am i
fighting hard enough are they shooting
him right now you know are they burning
him right now are they pulling his
fingernails out right now you know maybe
I should be trying harder maybe I should
be finding harder
[Music]
that's a clip from dirty secrets
Jennifer everardo and the CIA in
Guatemala this is when you were on
hunger strike in Guatemala City outside
the US Embassy there the very first
hunger strike was in front of the
Polytechnic a close to the u.s. embassy
but it's there
their army intelligence building and it
looks like the Wicked Witch of the West
castle with cannons and machine gun
turrets that was seven days the second
one that appears in this clip was in
front of the National Palace the
government seat and that was 32 days
water only and then the very last one
was in Washington because they weren't
assisting me and that lasted 12 days
before the disclosures came out with
congressman torricelli
that my husband had indeed been killed
by military intelligence officials who
were also working as paid informants of
the CIA and linked that to what we're
seeing today so that was the violence of
the 1980s the us-backed death squads and
Guatemala you really helped to expose
this through your own personal
experience how does that relate to
people coming over the border in the
United States let's take the example of
Julio Roberto Alvarez the colonel
right on he was witnessed torturing my
husband in person he's also known by the
