this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
with the shocking disappearance and
probable murder of the Saudi born
Washington Post journalist Jamel Kakashi
The Washington Post is reporting the
Turkish government told us officials it
has audio and video evidence that
Khashoggi in English Jamel Khashoggi was
killed last week inside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul
officials say the recordings confirm
that a Saudi security team detained
khashoggi as he walked into the
consulate on October 2nd before killing
him and dismembering his body the full
audio and video recordings have not yet
been released one person with knowledge
of the audio recording told The
Washington Post quote you can hear his
voice and the voices of men speaking
Arabic you can hear how he was
interrogated tortured and then murdered
unquote Ashok she had written critically
about the Saudi government on the Saudi
Crown Prince MBS Mohammed bin Salman he
fled Saudi Arabia last year and had been
living in Virginia The Washington Post
has also reported that based on US
intelligence intercepts the Crown Prince
had directly ordered an operation to
lure hachioji back to Saudi Arabia the
Turkish government has accused Saudi
Arabia of flying two planes into Turkey
carrying 15 men assassination squad to
carry out the murder one of the Saudi
men was reportedly a forensic expert
known for pioneering rapid and mobile
autopsies Turkish officials say the men
used a bone saw to dismember her Shoji's
body before smuggling body parts out of
the consulate according to the
Washington Post at least seven of the
other 15 Saudi men have ties to the
Saudi military the planes then left
Istanbul within eight hours of flesh
okichi entering the consulate
Ashok she had entered the Saudi Arabian
consulate in Istanbul seeking a document
he needed to get
married his fiancee waited for him
outside the building but he never came
back out they were supposed to get
married the next day in Washington a
growing number of lawmakers are
demanding the United States halt weapons
sales to Saudi Arabia over the incident
but on Thursday Trump rejected the idea
I would not be in favor of stopping a
country from spending a hundred and ten
billion dollars which is an all-time
record and letting Russia have that
money and letting China have that money
because all they're going to do is say
that's okay we don't have to buy it from
Boeing we don't have to buy it from
Lockheed we don't have to buy it from
Raytheon and all these great companies
that will buy it from Russia will buy it
from China so what good is that to us
there are other things we can do yeah
there'll be something that has to take
place first I want to find out what
happened and we're looking again just
took place in Turkey and to the best of
our knowledge Khashoggi is not a United
States citizen is that right it's a
permanent resident okay we don't like it
John we don't like it and we don't like
it even a little bit but as to whether
or not we should stop a hundred and ten
billion dollars from being spent in this
country knowing they have four or five
alternatives two very good alternatives
that would not be acceptable we go now
to Washington DC where we're joined by
Democratic Congress member row Cana of
California calling for congressional
hearings into possible Saudi complicity
in the disappearance and the possible
murder of journalist Jamel khashoggi or
khashoggi in Arabic congressman Barr
khanna has been one of the most vocal
critics on capitol hill of the us-backed
saudi-led war in yemen congress member
conner welcome back to Democracy Now
what is the latest you understand has
happened to The Washington Post
columnist Jamal Khashoggi well it's a
polling I don't think there has been any
precedent for someone a journalist being
taken to a counselor going to account
slit and be
murdered and we don't know all the facts
we need to find out all the facts but
this is a pattern with Saudi Arabia of
barbarity and they've been doing this in
Yemen where almost 16,000 civilians have
been killed many of those civilians have
been killed with Lockheed Martin and
Raytheon bombs and this is why many of
us on Capitol Hill want to stop any arms
sales to Saudi Arabia now I want to talk
about the Yemen war in a minute and the
u.s. back to Yemen war but on this issue
of khashoggi Jim mattis the defense
secretary when pushed on is the Pentagon
investigating this he said something
like intellectually Donald Trump
obviously the famous tweeter had not
tweeted almost anything on this in the
days after Koecher Gea's disappearance
can you talk about exactly what the u.s.
relationship is with Saudi Arabia also
of course it implicates Jared Kushner
the senior adviser president Trump's
son-in-law very close to Mohammed bin
Salman and this information Washington
Post put out about they already had
wanted to get shook Ashoke to lure him
back to Saudi Arabia for well who knows
what they wanted to do with him you know
to lure him from Saudi Arabia also this
information that he had gone to the
Saudi consulate the embassy in
Washington but they told him he had to
go to Istanbul he goes to Istanbul to
the consulate there and they tell him
fine they're gonna give him that
marriage document he needed but he had
to come back in a week so he goes to
London participates in a meeting last
week and goes back which presumably is
for them to prepare and to bring these
two planes in with the forensic expert
and the military and intelligence people
and at least according to these latest
reports if this is true with a video and
audio evidence he was murdered and
dismembered within a few hours and then
the planes flew out well it's brutal and
what we also know or
reports that US intelligence agencies
may have been aware that khashoggi his
life was going to be at risk in mark
Pocan and I have written calling for the
declassification of information that our
intelligence agencies had about any
threats to khashoggi x' life because as
you know it's against the law for us not
to have warned a resident a permanent
resident of the United States about a
possible threat to his life and there
are many unanswered questions about what
the United States government knew why we
didn't give advance warning if we did
have any information and of course as
you alluded to Kushner has been pushing
since he's been in the administration
for a closer tie to the Saudis largely
because he sees the Saudis as
facilitating peace deal from his
perspective with Israel and they've
really had carte blanche under the Trump
administration to do what they won in
Yemen and now I think the administration
is embarrassed when they see the
brutality that the Saudis are capable of
in this case I want to go back to
President Trump speaking Thursday about
calls to cut off Saudi arms sales like
stopping massive amounts of money that's
being poured into our country and I know
they're talking about different kinds of
sanctions but they're spending 110
billion dollars on military equipment
and on things that create jobs I don't
like the concept of stopping an
investment of a hundred and ten billion
dollars into the United States because
you know what they're going to do
they're going to take that money and
spend it in Russia or China or someplace
else so I think there are other ways if
it turns out to be as bad as it might be
there are certainly other ways of
handling this situation so ro Khanna
you're a Democratic member of the House
of Representatives Trump says they're
not cutting off military weapons sales
of course the military weapons
contractors and the United States
benefit enormous Lee and if you could
maybe name some of those that do what
what does the what does the House of
Representatives have the power to do
well we and the Senate can cut off these
arms sales and it's very important that
the president is peddling falsehoods and
to correct the record it's not as if
Saudi Arabia can go and suddenly buy
aircrafts or tanks from Russia it would
take decades for them to switch they're
so dependent on US technology it would
be as if you had an iPhone in an Apple
Computer suddenly you couldn't go switch
to Windows there these things aren't
transferable and the president knows
this he knows that if we were to cut off
the arm sales
the Saudis wouldn't be able to quickly
switch to Russia or China and it would
really hurt their efforts in Yemen and
the reality is its Lockheed Martin
Raytheon's bombs that are being found in
Yemen responsible for the deaths of
children and women so first the
president is wrong that the Saudis could
switch secondly a hundred billion
dollars in the context of a twenty
trillion dollar economy is not a
significant detriment to the United
States I don't think there's a single
American citizen who would say that we
should be aiding the Saudis and killing
women and children for a hundred billion
dollars that that's a price worth paying
um in August the Twitter account for
Canada's foreign ministry tweeted Canada
is gravely concerned about additional
arrests of civil society and women's
rights activists in Saudi Arabia
including Samar Badawi we urge the Saudi
authorities to immediately release them
and all other peaceful human rights
activists that was a tweet within six
hours of the tweet canada's former
ambassador to Saudi Arabia was barred
from returning to Saudi Arabia the Saudi
ambassador to Canada was recalled new
trade with Canada was halted it was
ordered to withdraw Saudi investment in
Canada more than 8300 Saudi
post-secondary students were told to
pull out of Canada flights to Canada by
the Saudi own airline were cancelled
this is for one tweet urging the Saudi
Arabian government to release some of
the women driver activists well this is
pattern of brutality it's a pattern of
no concern for human rights and my
concern representing Silicon Valley is
that the Saudis have had as you know a
huge influence in Silicon Valley they're
trying to put a foothold or invested in
uber they have this Davos in the desert
concert where conference where they
invite tech leaders the tech community
needs to be very clear that they're not
going to take Saudi money and Saudi
investment and this has to be not just
Congress stopping arm sales but the
United States technology and investment
community cutting off ties with the
Saudis I'm pleased that uber has said
they're not going to participate in the
conference and Sam Altman from Y
Combinator recently said then and I hope
others will follow their lead well I
want to talk about that if people
haven't heard of it and maybe people
hadn't until now many journalists and
media organizations are beginning to
pull out of this high-profile conference
in Saudi Arabia that's scheduled for
next week following the disappearance of
Jamel khashoggi but the future
investment initiative conference which
is scheduled for the 23rd to the 25th of
October still has a long row of
high-level attendees including executive
chair of Colony Capital Thomas Barak
Global Markets editor for Fox Business
Maria Bartiromo
United States General David Petraeus
president of the World Bank Jim Yong Kim
US Secretary of the Treasury Steven
minuchin Blackstone CEO Stephen
Schwarzman
Blackrock CEO Larry Fink Raytheon
Company CEO Thomas Kennedy I think the
New York Times has pulled out their
other top journalists or TV
personalities who are also going well
what about even the government officials
can Congress say no to government
officials going like minuchin I don't
know if Congress has the authority to
prevent the Secretary of Treasury from
going we could certainly write to him
and urge him not to go and I think
common sense on his part should lead him
to cancel the trip look it's not a
controversial statement for the United
States to stand up for
an American resident who is engaged in
the freedom of press the freedom of
expression and is being brutally
murdered at a consulate a place that's
supposed to be safe this shouldn't be a
partisan issue and I was encouraged that
even senator bob Corker raised the
question that are on so many minds why
do we need Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia is
overestimating their strategic
importance to the United States and I
think this incident has forced a
reexamination and when we look deeper
we're going to see the extraordinary
barbarity and the killing of civilians
that Saudi the gut Saudi government has
been engaged in in Yemen Trump just said
the king needs us and but you have this
growing number of Republicans like
Lindsey Graham who said if this has
proven what happened to Kogi there would
be hell to pay as you mentioned there's
corker Rand Paul has said some things I
think even Marco Rubio so what would
this take to get a vote in Congress and
both houses I think we're building
towards that I think you've seen
bipartisan support growing several
things one we need to get more of the
facts I think it's a encouraging
development that Turkey has a video and
audio evidence of what took place and I
think that will be very compelling if
there is evidence that clearly links the
killing to the Saudi government second
we need to look at what the US
government knew as I raised earlier
because if there is evidence that we
were somehow sitting on information and
didn't share it that is a bombshell and
that will influence people's opinion but
you see a growing sense among my
colleagues that the relationship with
the Saudis is not consistent with our
values and isn't in our national
interest that a few hundred billion
dollars is not worth an entanglement in
further Wars and complicity in human
rights abuses I wanted to go very
quickly to Yemen last month you
introduced a resolution invoking the
1973 War Powers Act declaring Congress
never authorized us support for the Cole
in Yemen even during the Obama years the
US was providing weapons support for the
Saudi UAE attack on Yemen that's caused
the greatest humanitarian crisis in the
world but President Trump went a step
further pulled back any restrictions on
these weapons and refueling that what
happened to your resolution and will you
be reintroducing it well we had
introduced this resolution Amy as you
know about a year and a half ago and
very few people had gotten on board you
were of course ahead of the curve and
really have been sounding the alarm in
Yemen one of the greatest humanitarian
catastrophes I'm encouraged that we
reintroduce this about four weeks ago
and we now have Steny Hoyer who is the
number two person in the house and the
chair of the ranking member of the Armed
Services Committee the ranking member of
the Foreign Affairs Committee the
ranking member of the Rules Committee
the ranking member the Judiciary
Committee
all on board with the resolution to stop
any aid in the Saudi bombing of Yemen
and the reason is they've seen the same
reports the bus bombings killing
children and women the fact that
Lockheed Martin and raytheon's bombs
have been found in Yemen responsible for
the deaths of children this is something
that has stirred the conscience of the
United States Congress and I am actually
quite optimistic that certainly if we
take back the House of Representatives
we will be able to pass this and we may
even be able to pass this in the
lame-duck
given the Khashoggi case and given the
changing opinion among Republicans hmm
Rokon I want to ask you to stay with us
I want to ask you about Amazon Facebook
and your internet bill of rights ROH
Khanna is a Democratic congressman from
California's called for congressional
hearings into possible Saudi complicity
with the disappearance and probable
murder of journalist Jamel Khashoggi
he's been a leading critic of us support
for the saudi-led war in Yemen we'll be
back with him in a thirty seconds
you
