well this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman we're
broadcasting live from the final day of
the UN climate summit here in Bonn
Germany this year is the first cop since
President Trump vowed to pull the United
States out of the landmark 2015 Paris
climate deal process which takes four
years president Trump is also vowed to
stop paying the u.s. contribution to the
Green Climate Fund under President Obama
the u.s. contributed 1 billion dollars
out of the total pledge of 3 billion
well here at this year's cop that's
Conference of parties a new coalition of
19 countries has committed to working
towards phasing out coal although many
of these countries including Britain
continued to expand fracking and other
extraction projects although this week
and bond indigenous groups won increased
recognition of their rights autonomy and
participation in negotiations a document
approved by negotiators this week states
indigenous groups should play leadership
roles and efforts to address climate
change and that countries should quote
respect promote and consider their
respective obligations on the rights of
indigenous peoples and local communities
unquote but many say this year's
negotiations do not go nearly far enough
to address climate change especially as
new research shows the threat is
continuing to accelerate new data by the
global carbon project shows global
carbon dioxide emissions are once again
rising after flatlining for three years
straight these findings - earlier hopes
that global co2 emissions had peaked for
good well for more on this year's
negotiations we're joined by two guests
Dipti Patna Garr is the climate justice
and energy coordinator of Friends of the
Earth international she's based in
Mozambique and Assad Rehman is the
executive director of war on 1 which is
based in London England
I said let's begin with you I don't know
how many of these UN climate summits
you've been to but please explain the
significance of this one in bond though
it's called the islands cop because it's
actually being sponsored by Fiji they
just couldn't handle the number of
people at the time of the
cyclone season some people say based on
how hot it is inside it's fiji inside
and bond outside but can you talk about
what this cop means after the u.s. at
least President Trump says he's pulling
the u.s. out of the climate of the Paris
climate deal what's the significance of
what's happening here
so the Paris climate agreement set a
guardrail that temperatures had to be
kept well below the 1.5 degree threshold
and we see that the reality of that
because of the storms and super storms
and droughts and floods and famines that
are taking place all around the world
and that's all happening at the 1 degree
warming so this cop really was are we
going to see the necessary level of
ambition our developed countries going
to do their fair share to make sure we
stay within that guardrail another going
to provide the support for poorer
developing countries to be able to take
the action both to address the impacts
of climate change but also to be able to
develop cleanly and not follow the same
dirty development pathway some people
call this cop the process cop that it
was setting up their conversations for
next year and that next year was the
last chance saloon for keeping
temperatures 1 below 1.5 the UN
Secretary General when he came here a
couple of days ago talked about that we
only have a five year window before we
have to make sure that the arc of
emissions there bends towards meeting
the one point five goal unfortunately we
haven't really seen the kind of progress
that's needed
lots of issues have been kicked in touch
I've been left til next year which makes
the cop in Portland a critical cop it
becomes that 1.5 cup if we don't see the
level of ambition both in the free 2020
I in the commitments and developed
countries have already undertaken and a
promise that they're going to increase
their Paris pledges if we don't see that
then really what we should be doing is
renegotiating the Paris agreement and
saying that the Paris targets are no
longer achievable and we should be
talking about either a 3-degree world
and the devastating consequences that
will mean for millions of people around
the world now president Trump says that
the world should renegotiate that the US
would lead the world in renegotiating
the Paris climate Accord what do you see
is the problem with that or do you agree
with him so tell the Trump of course
it's come here backed by his fossil fuel
pulse and he's come here to wreck the
climate negotiation the reality that he
would stand and his M voice would stand
on a platform here with big coal and big
nuclear and that would be their
intervention and actually inside the
negotiating halls the United States
continues to block progress it's
blocking all progress on any financed
discussions taking place it's blocking
progress on finance for adaptation
it's blocking progress in terms of the
developed country commitment to deliver
finance the hundred billion dollars that
were committed by developed countries
it's blocking progress on that and it's
blocking progress on discussion even of
finance in next year's cop so whilst the
United States might be saying that it's
pulling out it still continues to play a
destructive role it wants to renegotiate
the Paris agreement because it
fundamentally doesn't believe in climate
change the reality is of course is that
we have to say the Donald Trump and the
US administration needs to step aside
but also the previous US administrations
have been responsible for why we're in
this place in the in this position in
the first place if it hadn't been for
the legacy of those that admit of
previous administrations of leaving is
with a weak non-binding non
science-based agreement then Donald
Trump won't be able to do the kind of
destruction that we're seeing he's
trying to do here of these terms explain
that explain the significance of
President Obama back to I mean that was
the first cop we went to in the
significant cop
the Copenhagen cop what happened there
and how you feel this is just a
continuation of that
well perhaps on steroids look when you
have a problem in a problem of the
global Commons it's a problem that
affects everybody in the world right
you're what you would think would be the
logical since you agree that it's a
problem you agree what needs to take
action needs to be taken and then you
divide the action fairly those people
who've done most calls the problem
should take on more responsibility
those have done less take on less
responsibility that poorer countries
should be supported in terms of their
ability to be able to deal with the
impacts what the United States wanted to
do was rip up that agreement a
science-based
top-down agreement and what it wanted
was a voluntary agreement countries did
whatever they could do and and that's
why in Paris we had an agreement that
was not legally binding was not based on
the science and had
absolutely nor punishment that if
countries walked out of it and that's
why we're left with this much you see it
was the us's fault that this was not a
binding agreement the u.s. led the work
charge of course other developed
countries were very happy to sit behind
them and because what they were more
interested in of course is protecting
their own economic short-term economic
interests rather than investing in the
world that we need rather than invested
in the green economy that brings new new
jobs but also a right to a dignified
life for all people so the u.s. is
culpable but it's not just the United
States the European Union and other rich
developed countries were very very happy
to allow the United States to be able to
do that and if they haven't been a
complicit in that then we could have
been in a very very different position
than won't really find in ourselves in
Dipti bhavnagar you are with friends of
the earth you your main focus here is
the issue of climate justice explain
exactly what this means and what's
happening at the Fiji camp sure thanks
Amy we're looking at interrelated crises
so we see the climate crisis but also
there's an energy crisis there is an
inequality crisis there is an
unemployment crisis so what climate
justice is trying to bring the message
that if we try to deal with climate
change in isolation then we ignore that
the system the current system has also
created many other crises and left a lot
of people behind in Mozambique where I
live 70 percent of the people do not
have a light bulb in their houses so the
energy system has not only created the
climate crisis but also has harmed
workers and has actually not done the
job of delivering energy to 1.1 billion
people across the planet who do not have
electricity so we're trying to deal with
these crises in an interrelated way that
we need ambition we need the developed
countries to cut emissions very very
urgently but this isn't just about
ambition equity has to go hand in hand
as Assad said the ones that created the
crisis must be the ones that address and
do more to be able to deal with the
crisis at this point and the other thing
is we cannot leave workers behind
we at Friends of the Earth International
are starting to find common cause to
build relationships with trade unions so
that we can move together to a world
where workers are not in terrible
insecure jobs where they have also a
contribution to the new economy that we
build with justice how is your adopted
country dipti Mozambique affected by
climate change and just geographically
place it for us in the continent of
Africa so we are in southern Africa
close to Madagascar but on the mainland
we have about 3,000 kilometers of
coastline which means every fishing
community that lives on that entire
coastline is affected by by the rising
seas we have one of the biggest rivers
of Eastern Africa which is the Zambezi
runs through the country so we are
seeing increased droughts and at the
same time we're seeing increased floods
happening in the country and this is
leading to also failing agriculture
because the people that are natural
resource dependent the subsistence
farmers and the subsistence Fisher folks
in Mozambique but also across the
continent are dependent on the rainfall
pattern and as that starts to change
with climate impacts their ability to
feed them themselves and their families
starts to be be undermined and and that
causes a justice crisis and I said
Raymond you live in London you have four
years but you're originally from
Bangladesh Kingdom Pakistan can you talk
about what's happening in Pakistan
Bangladesh India as we deal with massive
hurricanes in the United States that
have meant a number of deaths billions
of dollars worth of damage not to
mention wildfires in Northern California
India Pakistan Bangladesh Nepal well
over a thousand deaths as a result of
massive flooding well the consequences
of the Indian subcontinent as a
continent is one of the most vulnerable
to the climate impacts in Pakistan
earlier this year we are temperatures
recorded a fifty three point five
degrees centigrade that's literally the
upper end of what a human being can
tolerate
out in the open we've seen superfluid
and Fahrenheit
I don't know that sorry hundred twenty
degrees perhaps and these are affecting
what was closely known as the
breadbasket of northern India we've seen
super floods affecting Bangladesh in
Nepal we've seen the devastation not
just English in in the lives being lost
but also the damage to communities in
Pakistan four out of ten people face
multiple indices of poverty which
basically means that people have barely
been able to survive these shocks of
climate impacts pushes people not
embarrassed surviving into not surviving
at all the economic costs of for example
of one flood rates into about fifty
billion for Pakistan and we're seeing
floods and droughts now becoming a
regular occurrence such so much so that
people people are suggesting that the
billion or so people that live in the
Indian subcontinent may not be able to
live there by the end of the century and
we're talking about potentially hundreds
of millions of people being forced to
migrate or at this very moment for our
us audience it's a hundred and twenty
seven degrees Fahrenheit what you're
talking about in Pakistan yes and and
remember we are this is a country where
millions of people don't have access to
electricity very much similar to
Mozambique don't have air-conditioning
aren't able to escape this kind of
oppressive E and of course our
subsistence farmers we have absolutely
no choice but to be out in the open the
last time we had a feet wave in this cut
of this kind
twelve hundred people lost their lives
in one city alone so that human cost is
immeasurable but the economic cost is
now growing and the inability of people
to be able to survive is being shown
what we're seeing is patterns of
migration right through from Bangladesh
where you see communities being forced
from their homes people moving into the
slum city in some areas and big cities
and becoming part of the what we would
call the underclass working in the
precarious industries and then men
having to leave those communities and
move to other cities and in Korean
increasingly to other countries to find
work work and that's why we see this
pattern of migration of young men
moving all the way through the Indian
subcontinent and ending up now in the
Middle East and those are directly
consequences of climate change dip at
the car can you talk about the financing
can you talk about the Exim Bank the
export-import bank what it is and what
it's doing so the United States
export-import bank
is the export credit agency of the US
government and at this moment they are
among others interested in funding the
exploration and the exploitation of gas
in Mozambique so one of the largest gas
reserves found in the last ten years has
been found offshore of Mozambique and
the US are interested and of course the
u.s. Exim Bank is in there because US
corporations are in there and it's
Anadarko which is already signing deals
with the Mozambican government and of
course we as a local Mozambican
organization which is Friends of the
Atmos and big justice ambiental are
fighting this gas expansion because we
realize that as developing countries we
also do not want dirty energy we do not
want to go down that development pathway
because we see the disastrous
consequences that have happened in the
north and for the entire planet and for
local communities because of that dirty
energy but we are asking for finance for
our countries in the south to be able to
go down a different energy pathway we
need renewable energy we want it in the
hands of communities you call it natural
gas so the official term is natural gas
but people here at this co-op have been
saying this is fossil gas not natural
gas in this landing term in this last
minute I said the we're still in group
not far from us is a major 10th
I think it's financed by the former
mayor of New York Bloomberg and it is
where many groups are gathering both
businesses nonprofits many senators and
mayors government officials have been in
there saying we're still and Trump may
be pulling the us out but they say we're
still in your response so the real
question that needs to be asked is not
whether we're still in but are we taking
the action
that's needed and are we doing our fair
share so the reality is in the land of
the blind the one-eyed man is king and
that's what is exalting this we are in
into some kind of climate leadership the
reality is climate leadership is shown
by the real actions people are taking
domestically in the United States and
whether they're helping providing the
support for countries like Mozambique
and Pakistan to be able to develop
cleanly and for the people to be able to
address the impacts of climate change
the reality at the moment is only 8
billion dollars are in the Green Climate
Fund rich countries including the United
States continue to block any progress on
climate finance I want to get a quick
comment on the whole Green Climate Fund
that you mentioned The New York Times
just had an interesting piece the
article began a landmark pledge seven
years ago by the world's richest nations
to spend billions to help developing
countries tackle climate change seem
like a godsend for Kiribati the Pacific
island nation threatened by rising seas
the result of that promise was the Green
Climate Fund but Kiribati like many of
the poorest countries most vulnerable to
climate change has yet to see any
project funding we're gonna end with
this dipti the Green Climate Fund has
accredited some of the biggest banks
that are actually funding dirty energy
we've got Deutsche Bank and those types
of banks that are being accredited and
receiving money for the gree from the
Green Climate Fund to do projects and
countries and what we've been saying is
that it needs to go to communities it
needs to go to to nonprofit
organizations who are actually working
on the ground to build people's power
and those are the type of type of
organizations which should be receiving
money to be able to do projects that
empower people and not the banks that
have been part of the failed history of
fossil fuels and if they they're part of
the the problem not part of the solution
and if the Green Climate Fund continues
to accredit organizations and banks such
as those then it's going to become part
of the problem as well and not part of
the solution we need the finance but we
need it in the right hands so this is
also about ownership not just about the
changing of the energy source well I
want at one second 10 seconds well look
the reality is we need trillions of
finances to be able to
make sure that the world is headed
towards a clean green planet at the
moment the pledge that was given by rich
developed countries an arbitrary figure
again tucked out of the air by Hillary
Clinton in Copenhagen was a hundred
billion of that only eight billion is
being given if that 8 billion most of it
is going to the wrong sources so not
only do we need to increase the amount
of money but we need to make sure the
money goes for the right places I want
to thank you both very much for being
with us on what's supposed to be the
last day of the UN climate summit here
in Bonn Assad Raymond is with war on
want which is based in London Dipti
bahar is with Friends of the Earth
climate justice and Energy coordinator
she's based in Mozambique when we come
back we'll speak with one of the key
architects of the landmark 2015 Paris
climate deal manuel jugar the doll the
former environment minister in Peru he
was the president of the coq when it was
in Lima Peru stay with us
