[Music]
this is democracy Now
democracynow.org The War and Peace
report I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen
Sheikh The Fallout of police violence is
killing black women like Erica Garner
that's the name of a recent article in
the conversation by Kristen Smith she's
an associate professor of African and
African diaspora studies and
anthropology at the University of Texas
at Austin Kristen Smith writes quote
when we think of police lethality we
typically consider the immediate body
count the people that die from bullets
and Baton blows the death toll gives the
impression that black men are the
disproportionate victims of police
killings but these numbers do not reveal
the slow death that black women
experience the long-range trauma police
brutality causes can be as deadly as a
bullet the pain of loss kills with heart
attacks Strokes depression and even
anemia end quote Kristen Smith joins us
for part two of our conversation
Professor Smith welcome back to
democracy Now associate Prof professor
of African and African diaspora studies
and anthropology at the University of
Texas Austin
you heard about Erica Garner's death
She's a well-known activist to not
choose to be an activist but after her
father Eric Garner died in a police
Chokehold after gasping I can't breathe
11 times this was July 27 2014. Erica
really moved forward in those next
year's demanding Justice demanding to
know the record of the officer who put
him in the choke hold officer pantaleo
demanding that there be charges brought
they weren't locally then now had been
fighting for federal civil rights
charges to be brought she just couldn't
stop she would stop traffic on the
Verrazano Bridge
she continually held protests at the
site where her father Eric Garner was
killed and she talked about her own
anxiety and the depression she faced and
she ultimately died four months after
giving birth to her little boy her
second child Eric Garner
um Professor Smith talk about the other
examples that you have been looking at
when you heard about Erica's death so
one of the aspects of my research has
been talking to the families of victims
of police violence and one of the
families that I've been speaking with
here in Austin Texas is the family of
Larry Jackson Jr who was killed by a
police officer in July 2014.
and just two years ago I was speaking
with his sister who has like Erica
Garner been tired tireless in her fight
for justice for her brother and she was
sharing with me the ways that
stress trauma depression not eating all
of these things set in for her in the
aftermath of her brother's killing they
were extremely close and just losing him
was enough for her to start to manifest
these symptoms and I think that one of
the things that that tells me is that
this is something that is repeated over
time and the reason why this was this
was particularly striking to me the
story of laquiza was particularly
striking striking to me excuse me is
because in July of 2016
just after the deaths of philando
Castile and Alton Sterling a woman named
Jose Lita de salza in Rio De Janeiro
Brazil died of
cardiorespiratory failure as a
complication of pneumonia and anemia in
the hospital there and why is this story
really striking and important well the
story is really striking and important
because her anemia and her pneumonia
were precipitated by the fact that she
had not been eating for four months
prior to that and she had not been
eating for four months prior to that
because she entered into a deep
depression after the after the police in
Rio de Janeiro killed her 16 year old
son in a police Ambush on a car a car
full of five young black boys a black
young black men they shot 111 rounds
into the car killing everyone there and
what was what was really devastating
about this story is that not only did
they kill everyone not only did they
Ambush the car but they then after that
accused the the people that were in the
car of actually engaging in a gun battle
with them and the Coroner's report found
that that was absolutely not the case
they were not in the gun battle they
were simply they were simply approached
by the police and the police killed them
the devastating impact this this story
of the Hobart that you saw that and what
we call the shasina of uh Costa bajos
excuse me of Costa bajos this story had
repercussions across the country of
Brazil
and when I heard about that story I
remembered my conversations with lakiza
and I remembered my conversations about
the fact that she had stopped eating for
many for for almost two or three months
after her brother died and that was the
same thing that happened to Jose De
salza the difference is thank God
laquiza is still here with us but Jose
Alita de Souza succumbed to her to
succumb to her to her to her health
challenges as a result of that and the
the devastating part of this is that
these are stories that are just simply
repeated they're not always the same
they're not always exactly the same
symptoms or the same or the same
manifestations so it's not always anemia
it's not always pneumonia sometimes it's
a heart attack sometimes it's a stroke
Dr Keisha Khan Perry who is a professor
of anthropology a professor of
anthropology and African Africana
studies at Brown University writes in
her book about the story of Donna erase
this is also in Brazil because Brazil is
one of the places where I'm also do my
research and so don't yet I see in the
city of Salvador Bahia in 2002 died of a
heart attack when the police tried to
enter her home and arrest her young
grandson and so when we think about the
death toll we don't think about Jose
Lisa we don't think about Vanita Browder
we don't think about Donna edace we
don't count these people when we count
police killings and we absolutely must
we absolutely must because just because
somebody is not dying from an actual
bullet that the police are shooting and
just because somebody is not dying from
a beating doesn't mean they're not dying
from the trauma of police violence and
if they're dying from the trauma of
police violence then they too are
victims in the same way that the 214
black men for example that died of
police that were killed by police in
2017 are victims and so if if we think
about it in this way then we need to
really shift the the playing field for
how we talk about this crisis and it
really is a crisis and I think I really
want to emphasize that
well in one of her last interviews
before Erica Garner died of an asthma
induced heart attack four months after
giving birth Erica spoke to journalist
Ben Dixon about the stresses family's
face
while fighting for his son like I I'm
struggling right now with the stress and
everything or whatever because this
thing
it beats you down the system beats you
down to where you can't win were you
ready to you know what I'm going to take
this money just forget about it no my
father would not be forgetting my father
you know he died he died on national TV
I had to see him die in National Team
but a lot of people don't get to see
their their parents die you know don't
know why they just go on and you know
you don't get to say goodbye but I felt
the same pain that my father felt on
that day when he was screaming I can't
breathe when he was saying that he was
tired of being harassed tired of
freaking uh being arrested his money
being stole from him and keep on
spreading like I'm not giving up and
this is the fight I'm in this fight
forever and no matter how long it takes
20 years from now I we deserve justice
and I want to get Justice for other
people and I want other families you
know to know like it's it's hard but you
got to keep on you got to keep the name
out there because people will forget
so that was Erica Garner uh in the last
interview she gave before she died she
was 27 years old
in October 2016 Vanita Browder died at
the age of 63. her son Khalif Browder
committed suicide in 2015 after spending
three years at New York's Rikers Island
jail without trial after he was accused
at the age of 16 of stealing a backpack
the family's lawyer Paul prestiaf
praised Vanita for tirelessly fighting
for justice for her son Khalif he said
quote the stress from this Crusade
coupled with the strain of the pending
lawsuits against the city and the pain
from the death were too much for her to
bear in my opinion she literally died of
a broken heart in early 2016 Vanita
Browder spoke at the America Justice
Summit and described the day she found
her son's body hanging from the side of
their home
I was home alone with him and
he we had a little discussion earlier
and I was at a loss as to what to do I
didn't know what to do how to really
you know help him because he he became
very paranoid very paranoid worried
about getting beaten yes and I tried
talking to him so he went upstairs and I
was just laying on my bed and he came in
he said Mario that was his thing my you
all right I said yeah I'm okay he went
back upstairs and I hear this moving so
I figured you know he was in his
brother's room he's situating the room
so he could get comfortable and watch TV
then I hear him pacing from one room to
the other but when Khalif is upset he
Paces so I didn't pay attention then all
of a sudden I hear this loud noise and
I'm like oh my goodness a child and
threw his brother's TV out the window
but I say he can't because these bars so
I said wait a minute I go upstairs I
went in his brother's room nothing then
I went in the other room and he had
kicked out the air conditioner covers
and I saw this
gold rope
thing and I ran downstairs and when I
opened the backyard door
his foot one of his feet was on the the
bar of the gate and I said Khalid stop
playing this is not a joke it's not
funny I said Khalid and then I got
afraid to open the door all the way in
case it was my fault that he you know he
snapped but when I peep when I looked up
his head was just hanging back
he was gone and that loud noise was his
body banging up against the house
that was Vinita broader the mother of
Khalif Browder Khalif Browder was beaten
repeatedly uh while he was in jail both
by prison guards and by inmates Vanita
Browder died nine months after that
interview Professor Smith could you
respond uh to both what Vanita Browder
and Erica Garner said
I mean I think listening to their voices
now that they are gone is just
devastating it's just devastating
because
they they were literally crying for help
and they were literally saying this is
hurting me this is hurting my family I
I've listened to other interviews by
Vanita Browder prior to this point and
she talked about the fact that Khalif
was really struggling with depression
and with the trauma that he experienced
in Rikers because of all of the
injustices and the torture that he
experienced there as well and and
obviously that understandably so right
and and I think what's interesting is
that
she knew that that had changed him
forever and that he would never be the
same and that it had taken a devastating
toll and as she knew that she also was
aware that it was taking a toll on her
and I think that that's really the story
of black women who are the family
members of people who are the victims of
police violence I think when we listened
to Erica talk about Veneta Browder and
talk about the stresses that she's going
through and the way that the system
beats you down we can't help but realize
that this is something that is
preventable it's absolutely preventable
it's something that Beyond just
completely eradicating the problem of
police violence which is something that
is a priority and something that we must
do
as a Band-Aid to the problem while we
are fixing that broader problem at the
very least we can try to figure out a
way to support these families so that
the so that these deaths don't have a
devastating and deadly impact on the
people who are left behind and that's
the one thing that comes to my mind when
I listen to this I you know this keeps
happening this keeps happening and so at
what point are we going to say this is
enough and we need to stop this and and
this can't happen anymore and so you
know it's one of those things where we
really have to start listening and if
and if if you don't want to listen to me
listen to these women listen to what
they're saying listen to what they what
they were saying when they were alive
about what they were feeling and what
they were experiencing and that will
tell you enough about the problems that
that this particular issue is is
creating for our community Professor
Smith let's do just that let's go back
to Erica Garner in her own words she was
on Democracy Now two years ago this
month
well
um when you dealt with grief when you
talk about grief and you want to talk
and you talk about family and how
regular families deal with it you know
families have problems family has
trouble to with coping with it but it
makes it so different because now we are
part of this national scale and it's
like families that's put in my position
black families that's on public
assistance that doesn't have the income
to get therapy is 300 an hour and I
don't think that's fair and it's not
made for the for the white I mean for
the black population because how are we
supposed to cope with this if we don't
have someone to talk to someone
professionally to talk to so now my
family is trying to figure out how well
me personally I'm trying to figure out
how can I you know get past that barrier
and find someone to talk to to deal with
this because this is trauma this is my
three three-year-old niece
um bachelor boy in the head with uh with
a book at school
and said that I'm angry the cops killed
my grandfather
that's the reason why I did it she
wasn't mad at the kid but it's it's it's
it's it's it's
she's so young and for her to say that
it hurts my heart and now she's in you
know she got to talk to someone at her
daycare or whatever and it's just not
fair and we just need
um
whatever put into place for mental
health um to take care of our mental
health because it's very important it's
very important
um you know dealing with grief I still
have intercepted that my father is gone
even though I talk about my dad but I
talk about him in a case study like I've
been studying this case and you know you
can see it I'm constantly reading
articles and doing the research on my
dad's case but I'm not taking care of me
so that was Eric Garner Erica Garner
speaking on Democracy Now almost exactly
two years ago in January 2016. so
Professor Smith I want to ask you
because you've done this research on uh
the trauma faced by uh families of
victims of police violence both here and
in Brazil whether you think that there's
a specific kind of trauma associated
with deaths induced by police violence
as against deaths induced by other forms
of lethal violence
absolutely I think when we look at the
case for example of Eric Garner and
Erica Garner you hear Erica talking
about the trauma of watching her father
die over and over and over and over
again so our media culture is such that
we we reproduce these deaths constantly
and what we don't think about when we're
doing that is the traumatic effect that
that has on the families I think that it
has a traumatic effect on black people
generally I think that people have
written about that and talked about that
extensively but the families in
particular experience that trauma I
remember and I spoke to laquiza just
after the deaths of Alton Sterling and
philando Castile and she talked to me
about how that was she almost had a
panic attack when she saw that on
television she felt like everything that
happened with Larry was coming back and
that's how these families fear feel and
I think it's important to note two
things so one not every case obviously
it gets national attention so not every
case is getting looped constantly
nevertheless these families are still
experiencing extreme trauma every time
they see a police officer it's traumatic
for them imagine the trauma imagine the
Panic that Erica Garner must have felt
when she couldn't breathe when she had
the asthma attack that basically induced
her heart attack so imagine the trauma
of not being able to breathe knowing
that your father died saying I can't
breathe just imagine what that would be
like
this is something that affects people's
entire lives and it is unique it's
Unique because the the the nature of
police violence is unique and so yes
homicide victims experience trauma yes
the victims of people the people who
whose family members die prematurely
experience trauma but there's something
about the very unique nature of
state-sponsored killing that is very
it's devastating to people and affects
your whole life and so even the way you
walk through the world when you go into
a supermarket and you're followed by a
security guard for most of us it's a
little Annoying it may be a little bit
traumatic but not extremely traumatic
but imagine how that feels for somebody
who for whom somebody dressed up just
like that security officer killed their
family member and the other thing that I
think I really want to point out because
you mentioned families and I think that
it's important to to recognize what
children are experiencing what you know
Erica talks about her niece in that
particular clip
the children of these the children of
people who are being killed by the
police the the nieces the nephews the
grandchildren they are being
completely and irreversibly affected by
this and we are not talking about it
we're not paying attention and so I can
see how a daycare like the daycare where
Erica Garner's niece is if they did not
understand what was going on they might
think that she was just a problem child
because of what she did because of the
lashing out but in fact this is part of
the trauma and so you can see how that
can then produce other stressors it can
then produce other problems and so this
is something that we really need to
think about within the context of this
unique situation and and I think that in
Brazil one of the things that I find
really quite devastating is that many of
the police killings that I have talked
about in my work have also been
connected to death squads and so one of
the things that then happens is that
families are petrified of death squads
