this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman today we look at the
latest in a long series of deadly mass
shootings at schools in the United
States the latest took place in Friday
morning just after 7:30 a.m. Texas time
when a student entered his Santa Fe High
School outside of Houston wearing a
trench coat and shot dead 10 people
eight fellow students and two teachers
17-year old Demetrius pug or cheese used
a shotgun and a 38 caliber revolver
taken from his father to carry out the
attack which officials said he planned
to end by committing suicide but instead
he surrendered to police authorities say
he also reportedly planted various types
of explosives in a home and a car he's
being held without bond on charges of
capital murder one Santa Fe high school
student told local station ABC 13 she
wasn't surprised by the mass shooting at
her school was there a part of you that
was like this isn't real this isn't this
would not happen in my school no there
wasn't um y so it's been happening
everywhere I felt I've always kind of
felt like eventually it was going to
happen here too so I don't know I wasn't
surprised I was just scared the Santa Fe
School District reportedly had an active
shooter plan to arm police officer to
the high school and it voted last fall
to eventually arm teachers and staff
under the state's school martial program
ahead of the attack bug or cheese posted
on his Facebook page a t-shirt that read
born to kill as well as images of his
trench coat and an explanation of its
decorations noting that hammer and
sickle equals rebellion Rising Sun
equals kamikaze tactics iron cross
equals bravery and Baphomet equals evil
on Sunday the National Rifle
Association's incoming president Oliver
North blamed ritalin for school
shootings some Texas officials responded
to Friday's shooting with calls for
prayers including Republican senator Ted
Cruz this prompted a reaction from at
least one cent of
a high school student on Twitter who
responded to Cruz writing quote as an SF
HS student all I can ask you to do is
vote for gun reform you have the power
to help prevent these things thank you
for your prayers but we need action as
well meanwhile Texas lieutenant governor
Dan Patrick said the Santa Fe school
shooting may have been enabled by Texas
schools having too many entrances and
exits he spoke at a news conference with
governor Greg Abbott and senator Cruz we
may have to look at the design of our
schools moving forward and retrofitting
schools that are already built and what
I mean by that is there are too many
entrances and too many exits to our over
8,000 campuses in Texas over 8,000
campuses
there aren't enough people to put a
guard in every entrance and exit you
would be talking twenty-five thirty
forty thousand people but if we can
protect a large office building or a
courthouse or any major facility maybe
we need to look at limiting the entrance
and the exits into our schools so that
we can have law enforcement looking at
the people who come in one or two
entrances schools may have to
have their start day not all students
show up at once so that we don't have
every student there are 1,400 students
at this school trying to get in the door
what we're gonna have to be creative we
got to think out of the box lieutenant
governor Dan Patrick also blamed
abortion his comments drew ridicule from
some critics but he stood by his
comments Sunday during an interview on
ABC's this week we have to think out of
the box George we can stagger our start
time let school let kids get to school a
little earlier let us keep eyes on them
you know the Israelis believe in in
detect and deter and deny we don't do a
very good job of that in their schools
in the same program ABC got response to
Patrick's comments from Fred Gutenberg
whose daughter Jamie was killed in the
parkland Florida school shooting I think
those are the most idiotic comments I've
ever heard regarding gun safety
let me be clear he should be removed
from office for his failure to want to
protect the citizens of Texas to hear
him continue to make the argument after
10 people died in his state that guns
are not the issue is simply a crock this
comes as the Washington Post reports
that 2018 has been deadlier for school
children than soldiers around the world
u.s. soldiers this is in part because of
the 17 people killed in February in the
mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland Florida
among other massacres March for our
lives the group founded by Parkland
students who organized nationwide
protests in March tweeted support for
the Santa Fe High School students saying
this is not the price of freedom this is
the most fatal shooting since the one at
our school and tragedy like this will
continue to happen unless action is
taken unquote
meanwhile high school students in
Washington DC entered the US Capitol
building Friday to demand House Speaker
Paul Ryan pass gun reform legislation
several of the students were arrested
we're here because we want to see Paul
Ryan allow the road
[Applause]
have been murdered like animals in their
schoolroom and this is unacceptable
this happens every single day and we
shouldn't have to go to school worried
that we're gonna have to bury our friend
or they're gonna have to bury us
the children were carrying signs that
said allow the vote today Texas governor
Greg Abbott has called for Texas to take
a moment of silence at 10:00 a.m. to
honor the memory of the victims of the
Santa Fe High School shooting the school
will be closed Monday and Tuesday at a
major award ceremony Kelly Clarkson a
native of Texas said she wasn't going to
honor a moment of silence last night at
the ceremony instead she said we need
action when we come back we'll host a
roundtable discussion with Texas
observers Colton Parker and ed Scruggs
of Texas gun sense along with the
intercepts Murtaza Hussein on the
Pakistani exchange student who was among
the dead she was the first funeral
yesterday's was the first funeral
yesterday we'll also talk with Surya
Kamali of the Women's Media Center
speech project about how the high school
shooter may have targeted a female
student
he had aggressively pursued for month he
killed that student this is democracy
now back in a moment I'm Amy Goodman yes
today we're looking at the latest a long
series of deadly mass shootings at
schools in the United States the latest
one took place just Friday morning when
Demetrius the gorches
entered his Santa Fe High School outside
Houston Texas wearing a trench coat and
shot dead ten people eight fellow
students and two teachers he used a
shotgun and a 38 caliber revolver taken
from his father to carry out the attack
which officials said he planned to end
by committing suicide but instead
surrendered to police this is Texas
Republican lieutenant governor Dan
Patrick speaking to ABC News about the
cause of Friday's shooting
we have devalued life whether it's
through abortion whether it's the
breakup of families for
violent movies and particularly violent
videogames which now outsell movies and
and music psychologists and
psychiatrists will tell you that
students are desensitized to violence
may have lost empathy for their victims
by watching hours and hours of video
violent games
that's the lieutenant governor of Texas
from war we're joined in our roundtable
discussion by four people we're going to
begin in Austin Texas with the Texas
observers Colton Parker and Edie Scruggs
of Texas gun sense Colton
you've been covering this extensively
throughout the weekend can you talk
about what we know at this point who the
shooter is
what exactly happened who was killed and
then the state's response yeah I think I
think around 7:30 Friday morning the
attacker made his way into the school
what I've read is that he fired you know
through the art rooms door entered in
students tried to hide try to get out
wasn't able to eventually despite there
being two school resource officers who
were armed and at least one comes you
know to try to stop the shooter he was
able to kill ten people students and
teachers and injure about thirteen
others I started to hear about the
shooting maybe an hour after the shots
rang out on Friday morning and it was a
media immediately clear you know of ten
or fifteen minutes that it wasn't a
false alarm or anything like that it was
pretty early on that there was reports
of victims you know and for a few hours
maybe there wasn't much of a response
from officials as everybody was trying
to sort of put two and two together to
figure out what was going on but then
throughout the day on Friday it started
with a press conference around 1:30 p.m.
about six hours after the shooting
occurred with the Lieutenant Governor or
Dan Patrick the governor graddic guy got
it and u.s. senator Ted Cruz what
you just referenced in the opener though
generally you know the response has has
not you know as you guys mission has at
least in Texas focus pretty much on
anything but guns
you know school safety culture abortion
even you know we have a runoff election
coming up on Tuesday Dan Patrick is very
you know well-versed in politics and
that's how he got to where he is today
and so I think his natural reaction with
anything is to you know play politics
and I think that's what we saw with this
situation here on Sunday Texas governor
Greg Abbott told reporters his team is
examining various methods to boost
school security I personally have spoken
to more than a hundred people from the
Santa Fe area and I consistently get the
same solution offered up and that is
better security at our schools better
control of ingress and egress in schools
and perhaps metal detectors I don't know
if that's a solution or not that these
are all the kinds of things that need to
be put on the table that was Texas
governor Greg Abbott speaking Sunday
this is governor Abbott addressing the
National Rifle Association the NRA
annual meeting that was just recently
held in Dallas someone said that the
problem is not guns
the problem is hearts without God it's
homes without discipline it's
communities without values
in this country we have a core value
that our nation is founded on in that
core value is our United States
Constitution
so it was governor Abbott addressing the
NRA convention
Colton Parker I mean you've covered the
gun issue for like five years in Texas
you were at the NRA convention President
Bush and vice president Pence also
addressed the convention yeah it was
sort of surreal on Friday two or three
weeks ago two or three weeks ago being
in Dallas and listening to starting from
chomp through a bit through Cruz Patrick
wasn't there but everybody basically
made the same point which was that the
only you know change in gun laws needs
to be to expand access to guns and
beyond that that it's more of a culture
problem in America and specifically with
Abbott you know their quote right there
that's it's hearts without God not guns
so I think to Abbott's credit he came
out on Friday and specifically said I
think after getting some criticism
online that we need to do more than pray
but I think time will tell you know what
that actually looks like in Texas I want
to turn to the new National Rifle
Association president retired US Marine
Corps Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North
that central figure in the iran-contra
scandal hoping the Reagan
administration's circumvent Congress to
secretly sell arms to Iran and use the
money paid back to them to fund the
us-backed Contras in Nicaragua North has
also been a Fox News contributor
speaking Sunday on Fox News the NRA
president-elect North blamed a culture
of violence and Ritalin for the shooting
the problem that we've got is we're
trying like the dickens to treat the
symptom without treating the disease and
the disease in this case isn't the
Second Amendment the disease
youngsters who are steeped in a culture
of violence
they've been drugged in many cases
nearly all of these perpetrators are
male and they're young teenagers in most
cases and they've come through a culture
where violence is commonplace what we
need to do is turn on the TV go to a
movie if you look at what this happened
to the young people many of these young
boys have been on ritalin since they
were in kindergarten I want to bring
into this conversation ed Scruggs the
vice chair and spokesperson for Texas
gun sense if you can respond to well
first and foremost what happened on
Friday morning at Santa Fe High School
just outside Houston the casualties
right now 10 dead 2 teachers 8 students
and then the response since all the
people we've just been listening to well
my initial response and I believe the
response of many across the state
Anker I can't really say I'm shocked
earlier in the program you there was a
reference to a clip of a young lady at
Santa Fe High School saying she wasn't
shocked she almost expected it would
happen I think I was here with you on
this program back in November after
Southern Springs and we talked about the
enormous death toll and what might
happen after that and relating to gun
violence within the state of Texas
basically back then our state leaders
said nothing our governor didn't say
much dan Patrick didn't even say much
and so when I saw the reports coming
over social media on Friday
my initial hope was ok perhaps this is a
false alarm
we've had several close calls recently
which I'm not sure people realize in
Illinois last week a young man was
stopped by a resource officer before he
could open fire was hoping it would be
something along that line by coal was
right it quickly became apparent that
this was not going to be a false alarm
and I went into a meeting for one hour
and when I came out the death toll was 8
10 my just initial response was anger
with a little disgust my view I think
the view of our organization and
millions of people across the street or
across the state these are all
preventable deaths almost every death by
gun violence is preventable but these
mass shootings these school shootings
are preventable
the state has neglected focusing on them
for far too long
and I still think even after Sutherland
Springs there were people here who
thought we were immune to something like
this happening and I really don't
understand why it's part of a cultural
aspect of Texas because we have an
established gun culture here I think
people believe they're protected from
this the school had two armed resource
officers so it was not a gun-free zone
people just did not think this would
happen and yet it did I think the
state's response since then has been on
one hand very problematic with some of
the comments you recently played here
and also a little bit of positivity and
hope I think for the governor to come
out and make the statement that we need
to do more than thoughts and prayers is
actually progress because he rarely says
very little about these incidents and it
shows that the events of recent months
the March for our lives the shooting in
parkland Florida the incredible response
to the March for our lives here in
Austin we had 20,000 people march on the
Capitol I think it has made a slight
impact at least they had to acknowledge
that and his statement was a roundabout
way of admitting that yes Texas has a
serious gun problem and it has a threat
to its security now in terms of dealing
with the threat I think they they're
looking at it in a very mono focused way
looking at just school security dan
Patrick actually has some points when
he's talking about entrance and exits to
schools it is a big security problem in
Texas but where I think the criticism
comes in is that appears to be all he
saying that we need to do and that's
just incorrect the gun problem here goes
way beyond just school shootings in the
number of mass murder suicides we had
one earlier last week in ponder Texas
near Denton five people killed in a
vicious murder suicide involving an
ex-husband three young children his
ex-wife and a boyfriend he then turned
the gun on himself and we were just
beginning to try to focus on that when
the shooting in Santa Fe occurred and
we're gonna talk about the link between
mass shootings and violence against
women in a moment but I wanted to turn
to the police chief of Houston Houston's
largely a democratic urban area of Texas
versus the more conservative rural and
suburban ones Houston Mayor Sylvester
Turner responded to Friday's shooting by
calling for new gun control measures and
metal detectors in schools the Houston
police chief art acevedo also spoke out
against political and action on gun
control we need to start using the
ballot box and ballot initiatives to
take the matters out of the hands of
people are doing nothing that our
elected and in the hands of the people
to see that the will of the people in
this country is actually carried out and
this one specifically one of the things
that that we need to consider is if you
have firearms in your home and you do
not secure them and you don't secure
them in a manner that can preclude
someone from grabbing them and taking
them and carrying out this carnage that
there is a criminal liability that
attaches so that's the Houston police
chief art acevedo ed Scruggs of Texas
gun sense can you talk about the
legislation you're supporting in Texas
and what kind of opposition you face and
will you do think that will change after
this well I do want to quickly mention
art Acevedo he used to be the chief of
police here in Austin where I live I
count him as a friend
very brave spokesman and I think what
you you hear coming out of Houston from
the mayor and the police chief it
illustrates a cultural divide that is
growing in Texas between
in areas and rural areas and you see it
on display right there are Acevedo
somewhat blunt but very to the point and
matter-of-fact about hey this is what we
need to do so I think that that will
have an impact in coming years but in
terms of legislation our organization
has been just working to get into the
doors of lawmakers the last four to six
years and and we're realistic about what
we face here but there are some areas of
common ground that we should be able to
reach if we could sit down today and
those would be improving safe storage
gun safety education which was a factor
in this event no question about that
also improving background checks red
flag laws similar to what were was
passed in Florida after parkland and
also doing more to streamline laws
regarding the confiscation of weapons
and taking them from the hands of
abusive spouses the law here is very
very big we have received bipartisan
