this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman Saudi Arabia will allow
Turkey they say to search its consulate
in Istanbul Monday afternoon nearly two
weeks after prominent journalist
Washington Post columnist Jamel
Khashoggi disappeared after entering the
consulate October 2nd he has not been
seen since this news comes amidst
mounting international outcry that Saudi
Arabia explained Khashoggi shocking
disappearance after Turkish officials
accused the Saudis of assassinating
khashoggi dismembering him and smuggling
his body parts out of the consulate in
an interview with CBS's 60 minutes Trump
said Saudi Arabia would suffer severe
consequences if it was found responsible
but he has repeatedly said he opposes
ending US weapons sales to the kingdom
which he claims are worth 110 billion
dollars to u.s. weapons manufacturers
there's a lot at stake and maybe
especially so because this man was a
reporter is something you'll be
surprised to hear me say that is
something really terrible and disgusting
about that if that were the case so
we're gonna have to see we're going to
get to the bottom of it and there will
be severe punishment the Saudi foreign
ministry has responded to Trump's threat
saying if it quote receives any action
it will respond with greater action the
Saudis deny Ashok she was killed in
their consulate over the weekend dick
Durbin the Senate's number two ranking
Democrat called on Trump to cancel the
u.s. arms deal with Saudi Arabia some
Republicans appear open to the idea this
is Republican Senator Marco Rubio of
Florida speaking on NBC's Meet the Press
what I do think is shocking is if in
fact he was lured into a diplomatic
facility murdered his body chopped up
and that they sent a group of people
down there to carry this out that would
be an outrage it would be an atrocity
and that would be a swift response
certainly from Congress
top executives at JPMorgan Chase Ford
uber Viacom the New York Times and other
major companies have pulled out of a
planned investors conference in Saudi
Arabia next week nicknamed Davos in the
desert but US Treasury secretary Stephen
minuchin whose Department enforces US
sanctions has not announced plans to
pull out this comes as the United
Nations reports Yemen could face the
worst famine in a hundred years if the
u.s. backs saudi-led coalition does not
halt airstrikes three-quarters of
Yemenis some 22 million people are
dependent on international aid with an
estimated eight point four million
people on the brink of starvation for
more we go to Washington DC where we're
joined by Ali Ahmed a Saudi dissonant
he's the founder and director of the
Institute for Gulf Affairs was a
political prisoner himself in Saudi
Arabia when he was just 14 years old the
youngest political prisoner at that time
we welcome you back to Democracy Now can
you start off by talking about what we
know at this point I mean what is public
knowledge what Washington Post New York
Times Al Jazeera the Turkish government
has talked about so far is that on
October 2nd
jemelle khashoggi goes into the Turkish
consul goes into the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul um he'd originally gone into
the Saudi embassy in Washington DC he
was told to go to the one in Turkey he
was applying for marriage papers his
fiancee is Turkish she waited outside
for him in Istanbul he went to the
Turkish consulate they told him to come
back a week later he flew out went to a
meeting a conference in London flew back
and it was then an October 2nd as she
waited outside and would wait for many
many hours that day outside the
consulate he walked inside that is the
last time we have seen video
closed-circuit TV of Jamel khashoggi
talk about what is known after that
point alle alle med once we have known
from the Turkish sources and that these
are my sources close to the government
and close to the investigation is the
and the person I spoke to is the person
who actually heard the audio of the
murder and he said everything is clear
and the Turkish government was supposed
to release it but I there may be
negotiating with the Saudis and it shows
the the collection of videos and the
audio specifically shows the mr. ashoka
was killed just hours after he entered
the consulate and then dismembered and
the audio shows who actually did the the
the work or the oldest gruesome act this
Isis style murder and then the body
parts were was were distributed in
different bags and and then moved to the
house of the consulate and other places
and maybe some were taken out of the
country as well so you are looking at
very convincing evidence of this murder
happening inside inside the Saudi
consulate with the knowledge of the
councilor himself and those 15 Saudis
who flew in and Saudi royal jets to to
carry their the work and they did not
cover their tracks very very you know
they didn't try they wanted this message
to be known they wanted to the world and
their followers specifically given that
mr. Shah chakra was a loyalist and
continued to be a supporter of the
monarchy he was only a critic of the
crown prince they wanted to send this
gruesome message that if you oppose us
if you criticize us we will do this to
you in public you know I remember in
Saudi Arabia every week that Saudi
government carries out these public
executions that they don't need to do in
the street but to cut people and we had
them in the street is intended to spread
fear among the population and what
happened to mr. khashoggi is just
another example it's almost a pop
beheading of loyalists turned critic to
scare those loyalists in the palace from
doing the same and that message is
intended and premeditated murder of
hisagi is intended to do that effect and
the West and the international community
in general has enabled this by
supporting this dictatorship for sixty
years and this is the result what you
have so what you see I wanted to go to
the specifics of what you were saying
the Washington Post reporting the
Turkish government told US officials it
has audio and video evidence that
khashoggi in English Jamel khashoggi as
how it's pronounced here in the US was
killed inside the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul officials saying the recordings
confirm a Saudi security team detained
khashoggi as he walked into the Consul
October 2nd before killing him and
dismembering his body the full audio and
video recordings have not yet been
released one person with knowledge of
the audio recordings told The Washington
Post you can hear his voice and the
voices of men speaking Arabic you can
hear how he was interrogated tortured
and then murdered The Washington Post is
also reported based on US intelligence
intercepts the crown prince had directly
ordered an operation to lure Khashoggi
back to Saudi Arabia the Turkish
government has accused Saudi Arabia
flying two planes into Turkey carrying a
15 man assassination squad to carry out
the murder one of the Saudi men was
reportedly a forensic expert known for
pioneering rapid and mobile autopsies
Turkish officials say the men used a
bone saw to dismember khashoggi Xi's
body before smuggling body parts out of
the consulate according to the
Washington Post at least seven of the
other 15 Saudi men have ties to the
Saudi military the planes then left
Istanbul within eight hours of khashoggi
entering the consulate one of them going
through Egypt back to Saudi Arabia the
significance of this Ali yeah there one
flew through Egypt and we flew through
the UAE let's remember in the region UAE
Egypt Saudi Arabia
lies against Qatar and against Turkey so
there is already sort of two sides of
the story here so the the this the Saudi
Egyptian emirati alliance has a problem
with turkey turkey hosts dissidents from
these countries especially from Egypt
where they even have TV stations and so
on this has happened after the the coup
in Egypt
in 2013 the there is an intention to
have this split and increasing a clash
with Turkey with these countries and I
think that's why they chose Turkey you
you are absolutely right well our my
information so far indicates that mr.
Hockley who lives in in Washington did
try to get these papers that done in the
in the Washington and he could have a
normal circumstances but he was told to
go to Turkey and that was you know that
indicates that the embassy here and the
Ambassador here is somewhat involved in
this murder and that's why I don't think
the US government should let him come
back again this was a plan that took a
while they thought about it and but the
the kill team here was connected to
Mohammed bin Salman because two of his
bodyguards are part of that team that
killed and one of them actually is the
person who cut up the body here there
are two of them who did the cutting one
of them is MB as his own bodyguard I
want to read from an op-ed jamilka show
cheese fiance [ __ ] Jay Chingiz wrote for
the New York Times in it she writes if
we have already lost Jamel then
condemnation is not enough the people
who took him from us irrespective of
their political positions must be held
accountable and punished to the full
extent of the law in recent days I saw
reports about President Trump wanting to
invite me to the White House if he makes
a genuine contribution to the efforts to
reveal what happened inside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul that day I will
consider accepting his invitation and
you have Saudi Arabia most recently on
Twitter congratulating the Trump
administration for not jumping to any
conclusions and awaiting their
investigation then ali-a Lynette you
have the very close relationship between
the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and
many call and the s and and the senior
advisor to President Trump Jared Kushner
who some I understand in the region
called the Crown Prince MBS and the
clown Prince if you can talk about that
and whether the United States had
information that they should have
released because Co shocked she was a
resident in the United States to him
about threats to him by the Saudi regime
their close ally yes the u.s. definitely
had that information and did not share
it with him and they they bear part of
the responsibility because the man is
dead and in horrific manner and those
people here sitting in Washington knew
something was was being planned and I'm
afraid that there is a desire sometimes
and circles in Washington to to have
these things done because you know they
don't want and I was told that many
times we don't want to complicate our
relationship with Saudi Arabia why are
you in this report why are you saying
these things because that makes it hard
for us I mean that's the you know
circuit structure was not working for
the US government and that's my reaction
to them is like I don't work for you I
can write whatever I want if it bothers
you you know tough luck and I don't I
think there should be an investigation
in the fact that he was not told about
these plans and his his walking and
trusting the Saudis was a big mistake
unfortunately the last mistake of his
life and you cannot trust the Saudis
they have done this before and they will
do it again and the international
community their american enablers of the
House of Saud must apologize and must do
something to rectify their past decades
of support I know some people in
Washington and around the United States
who supported the Saudi monarchy and
pretend the Saudi monarchy is just pure
nice people
have our part to this crime and other
crimes the the Saudis are committing in
Yemen the worst humanitarian catastrophe
the starvation of their many people the
killing of tens of thousands of Yemeni
children that is more outrageous than
the killing of Jamarcus Austrian it
should it should receive the attention I
think the American people have an
opportunity to show their true nature by
making sure their government is not
supporting the war in Yemen and not
oppressing and supporting this
oppressive
absolute monarchy Americans you removed
an absolute monarchy to build the United
States of America please think about
that when when you know when you talk
about my people who are being oppressed
by an absolute monarchy that is even
more aggressive than the British
monarchy that took over this land
hundreds of years ago I want to thank
you very much for being with us what do
you think will be the next step
Ally element I mean if the Saudi
government is conducting the
investigation what prevents them from
saying anyone did it that they want to
blame it on the Turkish government
conducting the investigation what do you
think would be an independent
investigation and what do you think is
the most important move for the u.s.
government to make not only the Trump
administration but right now Congress we
just interviewed ROH Khanna who is a
Silicon Valley Congress member leading
one of those along with Bernie Sanders
leading the charge to stop funding the
Saudi regime in its war against Yemen we
have our headline just today in Yemen at
least 19 people killed another 30
injured in the u.s. back saudi-led air
strike this time a convoy of buses full
of civilians fleeing an assault on
Yemen's port city of Hoda what would be
the most important move right now I
think the most important point now is to
target the Saudi senior leadership with
sanctions
we don't want an Iraq style's sanction
that kills the Iraqi people and to kill
our people we want sanctions that
targets targeted sanctions
MBs it's interesting you should raise
that because Steve minuchin whose
department is in charge of that Treasury
secretary has still not said that he
will not go to the Davos in the desert
conference which is very important for
Saudi Arabia's prestige next week
despite many corporations because
enormous pressure was put on them
pulling out of this conference now we
have to tell American people can
pressure those companies that are
supporting you know when Mohammed bin
Salman came to me I said he met with
whom with with the with the Bloomberg
and and the Zuckerberg and Bill Gates
and those people who who basically
whitewashed a dictator and they played
into his hand or they supported him to
make these crimes in Yemen and killing
mr. [ __ ] and and other crimes so it is
important to pressure the private
sectors to pull out from Saudi Arabia
and supporting MBS as a dictator it must
be weakening we must weaken the the
monarchy and America really honestly
should rethink the Saudi monarchy why do
we have to some reporters said oh maybe
NBS is bad we get another Prince that's
not that progressive it's an American
actually two to suggest a dictator in
place of another dictator it's
disgusting so we must really put throw
everything at the Saudis because they
have caused you 9/11 and they will cause
you greater problems at least if they if
they stick around so really anything you
can do pressure the Saudi monarchy they
are the problem it is the monarchy that
is the problem not our people that's why
they should be targeted with sanctions
with freezing their assets because the
money that they have given to Americans
this is stolen money from the coffers of
the people of my country so anybody in
the America who gets paid from Saudi
princes and the Saudi government that
stolen money from the people of that
country who suffer greatly and that
monarchy Ali Ahmed I want to thank you
for being with us Saudi dissident
founder and director of the Institute
for Gulf Affairs he was at the time the
youngest political prisoner in Saudi
Arabia
arrested and imprisoned when he was 14
years old this is democracy now when we
come back is President Trump planning to
once again separate children from their
parents when they come across the border
we'll speak with the ACL u--'s League
learn stay with us
you
