this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez we
turn now to take a closer look at the
author of Trump's speech at the United
Nations on Tuesday White House senior
advisor Stephen Miller architect of
widely condemned immigration policies
such as family separation Miller also
pushed for the recent decision to
significantly cut the number of refugees
the United States will accept as well as
a proposal that will make it harder for
immigrants to become citizens or get
green cards if they have ever used a
range of public benefit programs
including Obamacare children's health
insurance and food stamps this is part
of Trump's address that Miller wrote
illegal immigration exploits vulnerable
populations hurts hard-working citizens
and has produced a vicious cycle of
crime violence and poverty
well Trump's anti-immigrant rhetoric and
policies many handcrafted by Stephen
Miller are leading some and Miller's own
family to speak out against Stephen
Miller this includes dr. David Glazer
Miller's uncle who recently wrote a
piece for political magazine headline
steven miller is an immigration
hypocrite I know because I'm his uncle
and it he wrote if my nephew's ideas and
immigration had been in force a century
ago our family would have been wiped out
for more we go to Philadelphia to speak
with dr. Glosser retired
neuropsychologist and former faculty
member of Boston University School of
Medicine and Jefferson Medical College
now works as a volunteer with refugees
in Philadelphia
dr. Gloucester welcome to Democracy Now
talk about Steven Miller talk about your
family and why and and Steven Miller's
policies I would be happy to talk about
it the roof as you've alluded to I made
it wrote an article for Politico about a
month or so ago
in response to what I regarded as
intolerable policies in the United
States government towards the treatment
of refugees the was a decision I made
not lightly in light of the family
connection please excuse my voice I've
been a bit under the weather lately so
I'll do the best I can so I made the the
decision to write this article for to
Maine for two main reasons one was to
make it clear that that our family stood
for the rights of asylum seekers and
refugees and also because the policies
which are being advanced by the Trump
administration in terms of refugees in
terms of the management the treatment of
refugees represent a significant danger
to American citizens as well since it
entails a serious attack on democracy we
see here now that American law and
policy are being being officially made
on the basis of race or religion
national origin ethnicity this is a this
is a great danger
great danger to American citizens as
well as to the refugees if today it
becomes normalized in political
discussion to be able to make laws and
regulations on the basis of this nature
then it exposes all of us to danger of
being targeted next today it's them
today it could be you it could be me it
could be anybody dr. glass ah have you
had occasion to discuss with your your
nephew some of these policies at all at
all and and it's your sense of his
direct involvement in shaping them as
I've made clear with other interviews
and with my publications I've only met
Stephen Miller perhaps 10 times
throughout his childhood in the last
time I had a meaningful discussion with
him was probably five years ago so I
don't have any inside insight into into
into this nor has he specifically
discussed any anything of this nature
with me what I know about Stephens
positions on immigration Mike
or other policies are entirely from his
public persona can you talk about your
own family and what would have happened
to your family
if the immigration policies that Stephen
Miller is pushing for were in place when
they came to this country well that's a
pretty simple question to answer and one
that is not uncommon the my family
originated at least as far as we can
trace from an area of the former Russian
Empire which is now in the country of
Belarus we our family my
great-grandfather and his family we
believe had been there for a couple of
hundred years until the early 1900s
my great-grandfather was in his family
where dirt-poor lived in a lived in a
hovel and in a tiny town load of Antep
all barely subside they're basically
subsistence farmers and traders lots of
children some of whom survived into
adulthood some of whom did not in the
early nineteen late 1800s Early 1900s
that Tsarist regime made it a point of
public policy to to ramp up persecution
of Jewish of Jewish people living in
what was called The Pale of Settlement
this took the form of a organized
attacks by by state-sponsored of troops
as the Cossacks and so forth as well as
fought as well as encouraged and
unpunished attacks by by gangs and so
forth and and other rabble rousers so
the atmosphere of anti-semitism was
extremely strong my grandfather Sam in
fact as a child lost an eye in one of
these attacks not too long thereafter my
great grandfather his name was wolf made
the decision that there was no real
viable future for them in that part of
the world and so in nineteen three he
took passage he scraped up enough money
to take passage on a ship to the United
States where he followed his older
brother he and his older brother
did sweatshop work and peddling fruit on
street corners in New York City until
they're able to raise enough money to
bring over the balance of the of the of
the immediate family there that happened
in nineteen six the family prospered we
settled in western Pennsylvania in my
hometown of Johnstown Pennsylvania which
was a burgeoning iron and steel Sarah at
the time and we developed a we developed
a business which ultimately was listed
on the American Stock Exchange which
which hired thousands of people over the
years and dr. Gloucester what kind of
immigration restrictions existed at the
time when your family came in terms as
refugees fleeing that those conditions
are in their home country well the
United States essentially had no serious
immigration laws at all until roughly
1882 and the Chinese Exclusion Act was
put into place and at that time as now
immigration policy in the United States
was determined to a great extent upon on
labor needs and on racial preferences
after the Chinese Exclusion Act the next
major immigration law had to do was
started in was in 1924 the American
Firsters of the day who described
themselves in that way or were
essentially it had adopted a nativist
position saying that the only real
Americans were those that were already
there white Americans and they wanted to
also they wanted to to reduce the number
of immigrants coming in entirely and
they wanted to read they wanted to bar
immigrants from to certain regions and
from certain countries so and so in 1924
the the exclusion act of that of though
of those years essentially barred
Catholics from southern Europe and from
Ireland and Jews from the Russian Empire
accordingly the seventy four members of
our family that had decided earlier not
to come to the United States or were
unable to go
when war broke out in in Europe in the
1930s they were unable to come to the
United States we couldn't bring them
over and in our family there were 74
members of the that we could trace none
of them survived the war they were all
wiped out and murdered exterminated they
there had been five thousand Jews in the
town of antha Paul at its height before
world at the start of World War two
there were 2,000 after the war there
were 74 who survived so it's not a
theoretical question what would have
happened to the family it's a real
question about what did happen to the
family and the answer is they were all
murdered had no place to go nobody would
take them I was wondering your reaction
dr. Gloucester when Stephen Miller's
childhood rabbi rabbi Neal Thomas
Daniels of Beth share Shalom denounced
Miller during his Rosh Hashanah sermon
earlier this month
calling Stephen Miller a purveyor of the
negativity violence malice and brutality
he said quote mr. Miller you've set back
the Jewish contribution to making the
world spiritually hole through your
arbitrary division of these desperate
people the actions that you now
encourage President Trump to take make
it obvious to me that you didn't get my
or our Jewish message addressing him by
name your thoughts about what he's
saying about your sister son I'm not an
extremely religiously observant person
but I take seriously the admonitions
which which our faith has given us to
protect the refugee and welcome the
state of the stranger so I I find myself
not in disagreement with with the
Stephen Miller's rabbi it's the United
States is a great country a large
country a wealthy country we have
wonderful expertise in absorbing
refugees and immigrants the United
States also has treaty obligations and
laws which which enable us and regulate
the management of refugee applications
in the United States the current
administration is doing everything it's
can in order to reduce the total number
of them
be they're legal or illegal and I think
they do it for frankly demographic
political reasons most demographers
think that by the night by 2045 that
that people of predominantly European
origin white European origin are no
longer going to be a majority in the
United States they'll remain a plurality
but not a majority and it's a
demonstrated fact that people of the
non-white people are less likely to vote
Republican accordingly I think this fits
in very well with this is one of the
reasons I think why the Republican Party
which had once been the party of family
values in the moral majority are willing
to tolerate trumpism raises itself and
go ahead I'm wondering if you could talk
about some of the volunteer work that
you've been doing and and also you've
worked with some refugees specifically
one from Eritrea that you've talked
about in the past since my retirement
decided to act as a volunteer in these
issues I felt that the the immigration
issue is very important and my own
family was helped by one of these
volunteer organizations something called
Hayase which which my my
great-grandfather was the first
beneficiary and his will in fact so I
volunteered with highest as a
neuropsychologist people who were coming
to the United States who make legal
application for asylum are called
asylees they're able to anyway that they
come to the country be they at a border
legally or whether they just infiltrate
the country illegally people who report
and ask for asylum are according to
American law are allowed to do so and
must have a hearing part of what they
have to do according to US law and UN
and in the United States is also
signatory to UN Commission rules and
treaties part of what they according to
our law is part of what they have to do
is they have to demonstrate that they
have a reasonable fear of persecution if
that remain in or return to their
country persecution or danger now people
like the gentleman in my story Joseph
who
so who was grossly tortured and
mistreated as a child soldiers child
conscript in his home country of Eritrea
and managed to escape with his life upon
his exit from Eritrea they don't provide
him with it with a certificate
documenting that he'd been the victim of
torture and persecution so when he gets
to the United States after his 10-year
tenure journey he's got to make the case
that he has a good reason to to be
afraid of going back to Eritrea
accordingly he there are voluntary
agencies such as the ones that I've been
volunteering for who have attorneys
doctors nurses psychologists social
workers and so forth will help these
people to make their to establish
whether or not they have a reasonable
fear of return so physicians and
psychologists and in my case
neuropsychologist will listen to the
story and see if there's evidence that
people have suffered persecution torture
and the like both for the physical and
as well as the as the the biological as
well as the mental scars may our eyes do
you see your work as a kind of atonement
for your nephew Stephen Miller no not at
all I said it's uh I don't have any I
don't have any obligation of atone for
anybody else's for anybody else's sins I
to the extent that the extent that I
enact and tone but it would be for my
own faults he didn't I see this as part
of I see it as part of my duty as an
ethical human being and as an American
citizen it many of your family members
agree with you did people in your family
want you to come forward it's an
interesting question
prior to this I had I had been writing
and speaking on the subject to some
degree but various members of my family
implored me to seek a wider audience so
that our name not be associated with
these policies after after the political
article came out I preceived know less
than a hundred phone calls letters
emails public social media comments and
so forth from family members both close
members and those I don't even know
thanking me for the piece the other
interesting part of this is that I
this story went to more or less viral on
the web I'll receive literally thousands
of contacts through social media through
email and telephone and postal mail from
people thanking me for having written it
because every so many people have a
story just like ours and just like that
of other immigrants trying to come into
the country to escape persecution the
thing that really surprised me was I had
expected a flood of trolls and negative
comments and death threats and the like
as a matter of fact there were only four
or five people who were Frank white
supremacists and Frank admitted Nazis
and KKK Ayers and and white supremacist
types who trolled me which other that
though out of the many hundreds and
thousands of people there was a
tremendous wave of support I think
people are looking for some sort of a
mental of a how should we say a moral
clarity on the subject so that they not
be associated with acts like the
imprisonment of these 2,500 or 3,000
children our borders
well dr. Gloucester we want to thank you
so much for being with us dr. David
Gloucester's uncle of Stephen Miller the
senior aide well known for his
anti-immigrant views to President Trump
who among other things it's believed
crafted Trump's UN speech yesterday dr.
Gloucester retired neuropsychologist
former faculty member at Boston
University School of Medicine and
Jefferson Medical College will link to
your piece at Politico with the headline
Steven Miller is an immigration
hypocrite I know because I'm his uncle
dr. Glaser works with refugees now in
Philadelphia
you
