[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue with part
two of our conversation with Jeremy
Scahill Jeremy is the co-founder of the
intercept the news organization he is
the host of the podcast intercepted and
he is the author of many award-winning
books Blackwater the rise of the world's
most powerful mercenary army dirty wars
the world is a battlefield the
oscar-nominated film dirty Wars and his
new book the assassination complex
inside the government secret drone
warfare program Jeremy we've been
talking about the latest developments
just in 24 hours it was just about this
time yesterday that we got the news via
trump tweet that he'd fired Rex
Tillerson a Secretary of State and
wanted Mike Pompeo to replace him and
Jean Haspel to replace Mike Mike Pompeo
she's a deputy CIA director to become
CIA director Pompeo director of Central
Intelligence to become Secretary of
State and the significance of these
three figures Rex Tillerson for example
you were mean was a former CEO of Exxon
Mobil they also fired his spokesperson
Steve Goldstein who before he was at
state was Vice senior vice president at
BP well yeah I mean we've we've we've
replaced Exxon Mobil with a Christian
Crusader and in Mike Pompeo and then you
replace a radical ideologue Christian
Crusader Mike Pompeo with a
dyed-in-the-wool CIA torturer and one
other thing to add about Mike Pompeo
let's remember that he is a is an
extreme Hawk on a variety of issues
including on Russia it's very
interesting because one of the things
that seemed to be tension between Trump
and Tillerson was that Tillerson wasn't
entirely down with the program of trumps
policy of basically never saying
anything bad about Russia now I'm very
skeptical of some of the allegations in
this investigation and I believe we need
facts but you know it's clear that
Russia did make efforts to try to
penetrate us software companies that
were servicing us elections at a minimum
we know that that is true because we've
seen the internal documents on it but
Mike Pompeo called for Edward Snowden to
be executed he basically designated in
his first major speech as CIA director
WikiLeaks as a state terrorist
organization you know a non-state
terrorist actor this is a very extreme
figure to have as the Secretary of State
now Rex Tillerson I mean it's it look
Exxon Mobile was basically running the
State Department okay that we're talk
about two different kinds of bad here
but with Mike Pompeo I think what this
represents is a pretty hard tilt to the
right in the Trump administration and
you know it's hard to pinpoint what the
Trump ideology is but having an idea
like like Mike Pompeo and then a
torturer like Gena Haspel really is sort
of a return to the bread and butter of
the Dick Cheney way of operating things
so you know this is a very I think
troubling development in an already
extremely disturbing situation and then
you have the timing of everything this
New York Times piece just came out at
this moment as we're speaking the news
that the British prime minister Theresa
May has expelled 23 Russian diplomats
blaming Moscow for the poisoning of a
former Russian spy and sharply
escalating the dispute between the two
countries she said she'd agreed with
Britain's National Security Council to
suspend all high-level contacts between
her country and Russia and to expel 23
Russian diplomats who were given one
week to leave she described it as the
biggest expulsion in more than 30 years
now the timing of Rex Tillerson well for
months it's been talked about right I
mean I suppose ever since he called the
president what was it an effing
and never took it back well I look at
when when Rex Tillerson and yesterday
had to give this kind of humiliating
press car of a public statement he
didn't mention the word Trump once in it
which is unheard of if you're you know
if you're sort of departing even if you
ripped in like your boss you're gonna
say well I thanked Donald Trump
nothing doesn't mention him at all and I
mean I I think that that Trump made a
huge mistake with how he handled this
with Rex Tillerson because Tillerson has
a lot of respect in corporate America I
mean I think the guy's a total scumbag
but in that world he's a somebody and
Tillerson is not going to let Trump just
you know destroy him he's gonna he's
gonna tell quite a tale about this
what's also amazing is that Trump had an
entire TV empire built around his
ability to fire people to fire people he
can't seem to fire a single person to
their face he has to send his bodyguard
to fire people he tweets you know
imagine being Rex Tillerson and
Tillerson I understand doesn't have
Twitter so they had to print out Trump's
tweaked and show it to them it's like
hey Bob PS you're fired you know and and
I'm not even gonna like say it to your
face I mean it's really remarkable and
you think about it like this guy is is
is in charge and what also I think is a
contradiction that where we may see play
out in a very horrifying way or we may
see it play out in a hilariously stupid
way Trump makes this announcement that
he's gonna meet with Kim jong-un and
I've been saying that I could see Donald
Trump totally going the way of Dennis
Rodman and there was this documentary
about Dennis Rodman the former NBA star
who went to Pyongyang and he's now best
friends with Kim jong-un
but there's a documentary called Dennis
Rodman's big bang in Pyongyang and it's
just Dennis Rodman getting stinking
drunk and hanging out in North Korea and
then drunkenly singing happy birthday to
Kim Jong hoon I'm totally serious Amy I
could see with the exception of the
drinking Donald Trump going that exact
route and all of a sudden saying North
Korea is the greatest in the world but
you have people like Mike Pompeo people
like James Madison augh like Geena
Haspel and they're different people but
all of them I think are very hawkish on
North Korea so you have the this kind of
instability and you know if we were
looking at this in a totally objective
way the United States right now appears
as we understand a lot of despotic
chaotic violent countries around the
world where you have this is a major
reshuffle the North Koreans must be
looking at this and just saying what you
just you now there's gonna be a new
you've just said you want to meet with
us you've said it to the premier foreign
policy issue and you're like changing
your diplomats and the
of CIA I mean we must seem like a
tin-pot dictatorship to a lot of the
world so you have Rex Tillerson saying
right before he was fired you had Sarah
Huckabee Sanders talking about the
poisoning of the Russian spy and this
daughter in in England she refused to
say the word Russia even as reporters
pushed her but at the same time you had
Rex Tillerson who at the time was
Secretary of State saying he supported
Theresa May and did believe that Russia
was somehow connected I mean what May
said is either this was a state
poisoning or they lost control of their
poisons well and let's remember I mean
the Russian response to this and take
take from it what you will was that in
fact this person was a British
intelligence asset so I mean I just say
I think it's important when in in cases
of Russia now because of the way that
that this whole story yeah yeah of
course I mean I'm not correcting you
what I'm saying is like you know they're
the these are these are spy games and
they're very deadly and I think we need
to be very careful now you can throw
anything against the wall on Russia is
gonna stick right now so you know it
does it appears and based on Putin's
track record of whacking people and
poisoning people around the world that
certainly is a course that we should
pursue I mean III think that it's hard
in the in the context of the cartoonish
villainy of this administration and you
know trumps utter refusal to ever say
anything about Vladimir Putin it is
curious at the same time I think there's
a danger to going so far in the
direction of of implying that Russia is
the Soviet Union rising again that the
Bolsheviks are at the shores of America
ready to invade you know there there is
a value to Trump's position on Russia
which is that this is a major nuclear
power we do not want a war with Russia
and you know when you we were talking
about Erik Prince earlier a question
that I am astonished that no one in
Congress asked when that guy was sitting
in front of them is that Eric Prince is
in bed right now with the Chinese
government
his company just in the last two weeks
the largest investment arm of the
Chinese government
the siddik group increased its shares in
Eric Prince's company to more than 40%
they all
most control Eric Prince's security
company what does that company doing
Eric print set up a company to help
China protect its natural resource
extraction operations in Africa he's
working with the Chinese government and
his top colleague from China he's a
member of the Central Committee of the
Communist Party of China
Eric Prince is in bed with the Chinese
and is helping them to to escalate their
operations in Africa he goes to the
Seychelles and meets with a shady
Russian who also is in that business and
no one including Democrats says was
there anything about that meeting that
had to do with the fact that you are by
default the kind of representative of
the Chinese state right now and you're
close to Donald Trump you know it's like
we get so caught up in he met with a
Russian that we're missing like the the
obvious thing there which is that China
and Russia are forming now a sort of
renewed alliance against US influence
around the world including in Africa so
let's talk about that Seychelles meeting
we talked a little about it in part two
but so you have Eric Prince the man you
have written extensively about
Blackwater the rise of the world's most
powerful mercenary army Eric Prince the
brother of Betsy DeVos the education
secretary is she still at right now at
this moment right it's just been a few
days since the six the disaster is sixty
minutes interview for her but Eric
Prince who was with Donald Trump on
election night who then has a meeting
before going to the Seychelles they have
a meeting at Trump Tower and you
explained that meeting that had to do
with the Crown Prince of the United Arab
Emirates not coming to the United States
to see President Obama or officials in
the Obama administration because
remember in December he was president
but a secret trip to New York to Trump
Tower right well let's remember that you
know for the first part of the first
term of Obama Eric Prince was still
getting government contracts and you
know Hillary Clinton and Secretary of
State Obama's president the Blackwater
contracts continued on and in
Representative jan Schakowsky who was
very close to Obama personally and
remains close to him was constantly
appealing to
Obama and Hillary Clinton to end
business with Eric Prince and you know
she told me at one point that the
response that she was given by Hillary
Clinton and Obama was that his company
is sort of irreplaceable right now and
you know and and and that shows you how
it meshed in US national security
operations at that point in time that
Blackwater was but when it became clear
and and and parents hated Obama I mean
he participated in the sort of you know
fantasy of Obama being a secret Muslim
Eric Prince decides to leave the United
States you know was there the sort of
investigation was closing in on him the
Democrats were still in control of the
Congress so Eric prints up and moves to
Abu Dhabi and they were moving in on him
because because of well there was a
whole slew of things there was the
conduct of Blackwater in Iraq and
Afghanistan there were allegations of
weapons smuggling there was an ATF
investigation into Blackwater there were
multiple criminal and and congressional
investigations and I think I think Eric
Prince I don't necessarily think he ran
away because of those investigations I
think it was more that he was like okay
I'm not gonna be able to cash in on this
administration and I don't want to
support them anyway because
ideologically I loathe Obama he's a
secret Muslim so he goes to the you know
you know worried where there are actual
Muslims running the country and yeah you
know he gets this huge man mansion there
and he is very close to Mohammed bin as
I have the crown prince of the United
Arab Emirates and very close and Eric
pitches them this idea of a privatized
security force that can operate not just
in the UAE but elsewhere and one of the
things that the the Emiratis wanted we
understand was for Eric Prince to
provide them with non-muslim forces that
could be used to suppress an Arab Spring
style uprising so that they didn't have
to have Muslims killing Muslims that
they could get Arab Prince to bring in
Christians to kill Muslims and the two
of them you know Eric Prince loves
killing Muslims so you know there's sort
of they they met you know together at
the at the crossroads there so you know
you have these questions about Jared
Kushner and the Emiratis Eric Prince and
the Emiratis and then then this meeting
is very quickly say Jared Kushner and
the Amer on
well I mean I have to be careful to not
get ahead of some of the the reporting
that we're working on but there are
there is a course of investigation that
indicates that Jared Kushner also was
secretly negotiating with the Emiratis
and that there were you know put it this
way
Steve Bannon in the book fire and fury
said all roads on this Russia thing lead
to money laundering and you know Steve
Bannon is a pathological liar but he
also occasionally is incredibly
prescient and and you know has has a
record of calling things you know he
look he was an early backer of Trump he
said this guy's gonna win no one
believed it so you know I always read
what Steve Bannon says but I take it
with a grain of salt on this one I
suspect that Bannon is probably right I
don't think we're gonna you know maybe
the P tape exists maybe there's some
compromise on Trump I don't you know I'm
not like saying it's out of the realm of
possibility but I do think that we're
talking about you know kind of crooks
here you know and and and Trump is kind
of a lowbrow crook in a way and and
Jared Kushner you know his father went
to prison for corruption and so Jared
Kushner and the Emiratis stories are
gonna start coming out about that and
there was this meeting with Jared
Kushner Eric Prince the Crown Princess
portrayed as though like you know the
the the Emiratis were introduced to
Prince this people are missing the big
picture in the story Eric Prince is
incredibly close to the Emiratis and
that was a big part of what he could
offer the trunkpeople was making
introductions to these people the guy
Jorge nadir who now is popping up by the
way he was he was charged on child
pornography allegations in the 80s he
you know he beat that case but if you
read that case it's pretty pretty
questionable what this guy was alleged
to have been involved with but Jorge
nadir was an envoy to Syria secretly
he's a Lebanese American businessman
under the Bill Clinton administration
then under Bush Cheney he's working with
Eric Prince in Iraq to try to win
contracts then he starts working with
the Emiratis and he was a frequent
visitor to the Trump White House so Eric
Prince goes to the Seychelles and
everybody is like wow the whole point
was just to meet with this Russian I
think there's a much bigger story here
that has to do with big-money that
involves Emiratis Jared Kushner Eric
Prince
Donald Trump
and the 2016 election election also dig
into who paid and gave a lot of money
for Trump's inauguration I mean there's
we are not even we're not even at like
the it phase two yet of what should be
the investigation here and I think in a
way I think there is a legit line of
inquiry about Russia in a way it's a red
herring because I think that the big
story here is going to come down to
old-fashioned corruption money
laundering
perhaps bribery and you know Eric Prince
is the kind of guy who is used to
operating in the shadows and in very
kind of squishy situations who did give
the money for the inauguration there's a
whole list of people I mean as an
example of a Venezuelan government gave
gave my I mean it's the dog you're
paying for inaugural festivities is a
way that it's a legalized or legitimized
form of bribery essentially you pour
money into this lavish celebration and
it's really just kind of a the American
Way of legitimizing bribery so you know
and there's questions about how much
money certain Emiratis gave and and you
know put Kushner I think is truly an
idiot and I think he and I think the one
of the most lethal combinations in
politics is ignorance and arrogance
together and you know this Jared Kushner
was born with a silver spoon in his
mouth he knows nothing about the real
world
he seems incapable of even speaking and
having sounds come out of his mouth and
this is the guy he can't get a
top-secret security clearance
legitimately he has been tasked with
solving Middle East peace and he still
is conducting business in his companies
as is Ivanka Trump as is let's be clear
Donald Trump I mean this whole thing is
one huge money-laundering operation
that's what that's what this White House
looks like and the House Intelligence
Committee suspending any investigation I
mean this was predictable in a way davin
newness quote-unquote recused himself
but it wasn't he was all over this they
say we're done interviewing our
witnesses we found no evidence of
collusion there are several people that
testified in front of that committee
that are gonna have to answer questions
about things that appear not to be true
we talked about Eric Prince now I don't
know if Eric prints lied but I know that
it that there's a lot of evidence to
suggest he may have that's a crime
that's not like some
on the hand it's a pretty serious crime
- and Eric Lee you could be crowd
prosecuted even if you weren't under
oath but Prince was under oath and and
so you know more can come out of this
the Senate investigation seems quite a
bit more bipartisan in nature you know
jan Schakowsky who was on the Intel
committee when Mike Rogers was the chair
you know he's now a CNN pundit but you
know the Michigan Republican Mike Rogers
she said even Mike Rogers who's a pretty
partisan Republican was allowing
Democrats to call witnesses and to
actually ask some questions in this case
this was a you know a show trial
basically that the Republicans were
engaged in the Muller investigation I
think it's going to be really
