this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we begin today's show in
Sutherland Springs Texas where on Sunday
morning an alleged shooter with a
history of domestic violence fired 450
rounds at worshippers killing 26 of them
including children elderly people and a
pregnant woman and wounding 20 more this
is survivor
Roseanne Solis describing her describing
the attack I could see him I was hiding
under the benches and I could see him
his feet walking back and forth and
through the aisles I didn't want to get
shot I don't know what to think anymore
this world is just so full of so much
anger
Euler was a 26 year old white man named
Devin Patrick Kelly from New Braunfels
Texas investigators say he died of a
self-inflicted gunshot wound after he
was chased by bystanders one of whom was
armed well on Monday Air Force officials
admitted they had failed to share
information about Kelly's criminal
history with a US law enforcement
database that should have blocked him
from buying a gun in the United States
Kelly was stationed at Holloman Air
Force Base in New Mexico when he was
convicted in 2012 by a court-martial on
two charges of domestic assault after he
repeatedly hit kicked and choked his
wife and allegedly threatened her
multiple times with loaded and unloaded
firearms he also pleaded guilty to
hitting their 18-month old stepson with
such force that it broke the toddler's
skull Kelley was imprisoned for a year
and then thrown out of the Air Force
with a bad conduct discharge in 2014 the
charges should have prohibited him from
buying or owning firearms but the
Holloman Air Force Base of the Office of
Special Investigations reportedly failed
to enter Kelly's domestic conviction
into the national background check
system used by gun sellers
police say Kelly went on to buy at least
four guns including the Ruger AR 556
assault-style rifle he reportedly used
to massacre 26 people on Sunday this is
FBI agent Christopher Combs I know
there's a lot of questions about the FBI
NIC system and how did the person get
the weapons I can tell you that for the
four purchases that he made the next
system did their required checks and
there was no prohibitive information but
in the systems that we check that say
that he could not have purchased that
firearm there are three checks that are
conducted
one is of NCIC one is a criminal history
check and another one is an indices on
the Knicks system itself so in all three
of those databases there was not
information that we would have said was
prohibitive for that man to get the
firearm on Monday authorities also said
Kelly appears to have carried out the
massacre because of a domestic dispute
he had with his mother-in-law who is a
member of the First Baptist Church but
was not present on Sunday he apparently
did kill his grandmother in law this is
a spokesman for the Texas Department of
Safety one thing everybody wants to know
is why did this happen it's a senseless
crime but we can't tell you that there
was a domestic situation going on within
this family the suspects mother-in-law
attended this church we know that he had
made threatened threatening she had
reset threatening texts from him and and
we can't go into details about that
domestic situation that is continuing to
be vetted and thoroughly investigated
but we want to get that out there that
this was not racially motivated there
was it was it over religious beliefs
there was a domestic situation going on
within the family for more on the link
between domestic violence and mass
shootings we go to Baltimore where we're
joined by journalists Araya chummily who
covers the intersection of gender and
politics director of the Women's Media
Center speech project we welcome you to
Democracy Now can you start off by
talking about this connection I mean
more than half the mass killings over
the last what nine years suryya
are committed by people who engaged in
domestic violence that we know of before
and then the whole issue of exactly what
happened with this X air force soldier
on the base fracturing the skull of his
18 month old stepson repeatedly abusing
assaulting and threatening his wife
confined to the base for a year and then
there is no record of this so he can buy
guns legally
we see this pattern over and over again
which is one in which the the incidence
of domestic violence is minimized or
trivialized in some ways not considered
a serious enough to merit sustained
public attention or the allocation of
resources so that we can really
understand the dynamic better I mean we
really do know there's actually no doubt
that the practice of violence within a
home in an intimate setting with people
that theoretically the aggressive loves
opens the floodgates to public violence
and sorry oh we're gonna interrupt
because there's something wrong with
your mic and we're gonna get that fixed
but we want to bring in our second guest
Miriam Kaba who is an organizer and
educator who's worked on anti domestic
violence programs as well as anti
incarceration and racial justice
programs since the late 80s she is the
co-founder of survived and punished an
organization that supports survivors of
violence who've been criminalized for
defending themselves she's on the board
of critical resistance and helped found
the Chicago group we charge genocide she
was a member of insight as well women of
color against violence Miriam it's great
to have you with us and being and living
here in New York you lived in Chicago
for so many decades though grew up here
your response to what took place on
Sunday well I think you know first
sadness and just it's devastating that
there's been such another loss you know
of so many lives that feels that it was
pretty much preventable
you know could have actually been
prevented so just enormous amounts of
sadness but also not surprised because
we know that most people particularly
women who were murdered in the u.s. are
killed by intimate partners and guns are
usually at the root of that often as
Somalia I was saying before that there's
a you know the home is a practice ground
often for the violence that then becomes
public violence we really do take you
know tend to minimize private violence
and focus on the spectacular examples of
public violence but if we don't address
those that private
and we are going to continue to see
public violence in the ways that we have
response to this oversight apparently
that the military is claiming that they
fail to report this history of of
Kelly's to the database a national
database well I think that points to the
the fact that it is really really
difficult to track people and to track
guns in this country and the purchases
of guns I'm not surprised that the
military wasn't able to you know
continue to do what they needed to do
which was to report that he had had this
conviction it's a huge bureaucracy
people thought you know things fall
through the cracks all the time so this
isn't surprising it's unfortunate suryya
Jamali i think we fixed your mike you
have covered on this issue both the
issue of domestic violence and the issue
of domestic violence in the military and
how seriously this is taken so if you
can go through the steps and explain how
it is possible that not only the fact
that he was convicted on the base but he
was confined on the base for a year and
then there's no record and what this
means in general right I mean I think
that clearly within the context of his
being confined with his being convicted
he admitted that he had done this what
he did in his own family was taken
seriously but in the larger context of
how domestic violence or other forms of
gendered violence are treated in the
military I think there's a clear issue
so even if you think about the language
of how he was discharged he was
discharged with for bad conduct and and
that contact honestly it sounds as
though a high school student misbehaved
right and there there are different
categories of discharge based on the
severity of the the crime at hand or the
behavior that led to the discharge if
you look at sexual violence in the
military perpetrators of sexual violence
are discharged honorably far more often
than victims of sexual violence victims
of sexual violence are much more likely
to be discharged involuntarily to leave
the service with
type of discharge that actually is in
some ways more harmful when they return
to civilian life than not that's not the
case with alleged perpetrators and so
there there is this this bigger question
of how we treat private violence how we
treat sexual violence how we think about
gendered violence and so the
public/private divide that we're we're
working with does us a real disservice
because we tend to aggregate this
private terroristic violence in a way
that seems irrelevant publicly I mean if
you think of the fact that there are
three women a day in the u.s. killed by
an intimate partner if that happened in
one incident and we were talking about
between 20 and 25 women a week being
killed in one incident people might sit
up and pay attention but it's happening
in the slow drip drip drip that we never
write on here about seraya three women a
day are killed in the United women by
their intimate Furman three women a day
are killed in the United States by
intimate partners well I want to ask you
about the the very the culture of the
military what is it in terms of your
sense of what happens within the
military that so many folks who come out
of the military end up then involved in
some of these violent incidents
afterwards especially those who were
involved with domestic violence while
they were attached to the military so I
think there are several things one is
the military is an organization of
hierarchy authoritarianism power and
control a lot of those dynamics are
implicit in an intimate partner violence
right I mean the military regulates
violence people have a place they have a
role they have reporting structure and
so the structure of the military itself
is kind of a very intense microcosm of a
mindset that we see over and over again
within homes within homes especially
where there is violence that's being
enacted in these ways the second thing
is the military is filled with people
who have incredibly stressful jobs who
are traumatized themselves by violent
and until we deal with what that means
for those people themselves I think we
really we can't we can't really focus in
on why they're there acting out in these
ways when they leave the service and so
there are very high incidents of
domestic violence not only in the
military but also in our policing forces
policing families have high rates of
domestic violence
those numbers are sort of hard to to
secure actually but in some cases
estimates are that the rates of domestic
violence among the police is two to four
times the national average and so we
can't really separate those cultures of
regulated violence from the unregulated
violence that we see in the home
Memoriam i'd like to ask you about the
in terms of the general society you know
we we've heard about some attacks that
are labeled as terrorist attacks now
this immediately is is a mass killing
but we're merely told it's as a result
of a domestic domestic problem somehow
that's supposed to make it less
terroristic to the people to the general
public and to the folks involved your
sense of how the society treats these
mass killings especially those coming
out of folks who are involved in
domestic abuse what we have to talk
about is the fact that one of the main
tricks I think of white supremacy is
that it invisible eise's both kind of
structures of violence and tries to
focus mostly on individual forms of
violence right so that when we see a
situation where for the most part the
people who are doing these mass killings
are mostly young white men the story
gets told that that is a form of
violence that's kind of an acceptable
normal form of violence when people of
color and others commit forms of
violence we're we're told and taught to
see that as somehow outside of the norm
of general kinds of violence and we tend
to catastrophize that and then that also
leads to certain kinds of policy
responses that are intended to actually
continue to oppress the groups that are
very much already targeted in the
breasts so I think that that is a big
aspect of this that we have to look at
that you can't look at these mass
shootings without understanding also the
ways in which
violence is the glue that holds forms of
oppression in place and one of those
forms of oppression is white supremacist
kinds of forms of violence and
oppression Shaun King tweeted don't
worry everybody this was on Sunday don't
worry everybody it was a white man who
slaughtered half of the church in Texas
that means everything is just fine no
terrorism exactly right and so that's
the point that I'm making I also think
that where you're getting to we get too
caught up in trying to label forms of
violence as terrorism you know we are
that is a state label that is has a
specific focus and an intent behind it
that leads to catastrophic consequences
for the communities that are further
criminalized and so I'd like us to
really just do the thing that we need to
do which is that the inability to end
violence against women gender
non-conforming people and children is at
the root of these forms of gun violence
and mass shootings let's focus on trying
to end those other forms of violence
which are themselves forms of mass and
in the political climate that we have
today we're clearly nothing is going to
happen at the national level on this
issue of guns what do you see as the the
road that people concerned about this
issue must take yeah I think we're gonna
have to look at be much more creative in
the way that we address issues I tend to
be skeptical of gun control in general I
see it often as a way to criminalize
communities of color further but there
are things that people are offering like
disarming domestic abusers which would
mean we have to disarm a lot of people
in the military as you just talked about
and in the police structure as well we
should also look at personal liability
we should look at the things that could
happen at the state level that might you
know help reduce the number of people
who are harmed and killed by gun
violence you know as president Trump is
in Japan he was there on Sunday he
immediately responded as he was pushing
billions of dollars of weapons to the
Japanese government
he immediately responded by saying this
is not the time to talk about gun
control and yet when what happened in
New York happened just a few days ago he
immediately talked about dropping the
special immigration program absolutely I
wanted to quote filmmaker
michael moore who tweeted monday as of
yesterday Columbine is no longer one of
the ten worst mass shootings in US
history
three of the top five are all in the
last year and a half and so this issue
of solutions that Juan just raised
seraya tamale talk about what is and
isn't happening in Congress I mean I
think if you ask most people after the
Las Vegas killing where this white sixty
four year old a man gunned down fifty
nine people injured over five hundred
when haddock did this when paddock did
this there was this discussion of in
making illegal bump stocks right this
what makes it possible for a
semi-automatic weapon to shoot as an
automatic weapon I think most people in
this country think they were made
illegal immediately even the NRA said
they would be okay with that though they
wanted it to be a rule not voted by
Congress because then it could be turned
around pretty quickly but in fact even
that didn't happen though they are now
saying that they will look at that given
this latest massacre I mean I think that
there's no doubt that we don't have the
political will in Congress to pass even
the most basic forms of legislation and
I want to go back to something that
Marian said which is the way that white
supremacy works and there's a particular
issue with gun control in terms of risk
perception and risk assessment and this
is a long studied phenomenon in the u.s.
it's called a white male effect and what
it's related to is the different ways in
which people assess risk based on
threats to their own identity and so
when you look at the Congress and the
way it approaches questions like climate
change environmental degradation gun
control abortion what you end up with in
terms of policy is a very distorted
sense
what the risks are what the costs are
that's directly related to our lack of
inclusivity diversity and and to the
very real representation or
misrepresentation of the population at
large because we have a Congress that is
over 80 percent right and over 80
percent male and so 20 years of studies
show that conservative white men are
outliers in terms of risk assessment and
that the ways in which the rest of us
might look at problems in society just
are different for them and and so we
need to really realize that the the way
is in which politically we're
represented matter deeply to the
resolution of these problems and in
terms of gun control it just doesn't
strike this group of people that are
leading our country as as dangerous or
as risky as it does for the people who
are being killed and hurt and bina lized
on a daily basis and I think that we
need to speak directly to that as a
function of who our leaders are and why
it's important to vote and why it's
important to understand that we need
much much much more robustly diverse
representation in all stages of
government so that we don't have these
kinds of outlier risk assessments that
are truly debilitating to us as a
society
