this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're broadcasting from
San Francisco California throughout the
week the site of this week's global
climate action summit activists held
hundreds of protest Saturday in more
than 90 countries as part of a worldwide
day of protest demanding urgent action
to address climate change here in San
Francisco up to 30,000 people took part
in the rise for climate jobs and justice
March it's believed to be the largest
climate March ever on the west coast the
protests came just days before the start
of the global climate action summit
being organized by California Governor
Jerry Brown well on Saturday Democracy
Now was in the streets of San Francisco
Yakutia gay I'm with 350.org and today
we're here in San Francisco the largest
anchor march for rides for climate jobs
in justice today we are here ahead of
the global climate action summit to call
on Governor Jerry Brown and elected
officials I'm at all levels to step up
on Climate Action fades out fossil fuels
and push for a just transition for 100%
renewables
there's over 260 events happening in 50
states plus Puerto Rico today and over
900 events in 90 countries so it's a
massive mobilization across the world
you're talking about global climate
justice Jerry Brown is holding a summit
on this this week do you applaud him for
this we need more than just empty
rhetoric and so it's not enough that
these elected officials from all over
the world are just meeting to pat
themselves on the back we're asking for
tangible commitments and we want to see
that out of the summit and so this
gathering of tens of thousands of people
in San Francisco hundreds of thousands
around the world is really calling for
tangible action and time where climate
impacts are massive what do you want to
see here we want to see commitments at
the global climate action summit to
phase out fossil fuels and commitments
from cities and states across the
country to 100% renewables that supports
workers and anchors racial and economic
justice
what about Governor Browns reliance on
oil in the state of California for those
who don't have oil in their state or
don't understand California when it
comes to oil explained yeah absolutely
so Governor Brown California is the
third largest producer of oil this is
impacting communities not just in
California for example we had this re
aku from Ecuador here the oil that is
being extracted from Ecuador is refined
in California and so this is an issue
that's beyond just California and so
when we call for the phase-out of fossil
fuels this is ultimately about
everybody's health everybody's safety
everybody's ability to live in the
communities that they want to live in
good morning my name is Ambrose Carroll
I'm the senior pastor of the church by
the side of the road in Berkeley and I
too rise for climate jobs
justice when it comes to air pollution
and climate change low-income
communities communities of color and
other marginalized groups bear a
disproportionate burden ignoring these
truths and spurring our obligation to
protect the most vulnerable among us is
morally wrong for example black children
are five four point five times more
likely to be hospitalized for asthma and
ten times more likely to die from asthma
than white children my ten year old son
Ambrose jr. is playing football this
season in the Snoop Dogg League we live
in West Oakland which is the
transportation hub of the region that
leads to and from San Francisco where
our air quality is impacted by polluters
stemming from factories Bay Area Rapid
Transit ships trucks trains planes and
automobiles ambrose jr. you see
struggles with asthma and so although he
plays we monitor his q4 intake and we
watch his play closely we pray that he
and other little children grow out of
the condition and we will march today in
order to alleviate their discomfort we
rise today because all city beings
deserve the right to breathe and because
we believe that black life matters our
next speaker
Miriam Cisneros president of the Quechua
people of sarayaku
in ecuadorian amazon quiero decir les a
todos ustedes
hombres mujeres I'm CNO Sam Giannini
hace holiness I'd like to say thank you
to all of the men women elders and
children who are here I come from suhaka
Amazon in Ecuador I want to tell all of
you that I come from those forests
rivers lakes and mountains that have
life I come from there where the human
being and Mother Earth live in harmony
I come from Gaza Sasha I come from the
living forest I also come from a people
who has fought for years and years the
threats of oil exploitation I come from
the land where we have defended millions
of lives and today we are here to leave
you with our cossacks such a proposal
living forest we are here in this huge
march brothers and sisters from
throughout the planet because we have
understood that we must leave fossil
fuels underground both in the amazon
forest as well as in the whole world we
are also here because we want the world
to know that indigenous communities like
ours sarayaku possess innovative
solutions such as our own proposal of
Cossacks Aceh a permanent protection of
our forests and life in our ancestral
lands the world requires just and Noble
solutions just such as this one to
confront climate change and also we ask
for respect for our indigenous rights
self-determination and our autonomy in
this way we can guarantee the life of
humanity and to live in peace
[Music]
termination
la autonomia para guarantee sur la vida
de la humanidad I revere en paz Romanova
my name is Nina wah I saw the Puna Queen
I'm from the honey qui people know
Brazil started back and I'm from the
Brazilian Amazon in the state of a crane
stoical a permission fire fighters
fathers indigenous yatras fathers I'm
here to unite with other indigenous
peoples and the peoples of the world
that resembles a key mulatto in the face
of the region because we're here to
defend rights our GaN kiosk infernal
vostok hijo nindo but this isabella food
to do not support the government's are
going to hold the summit
to decide the future of the world and
the future of our peoples to achieve a
otra vez de Janeiro
song their vision of the future is just
about profits making money yeah
Oh market economy Nandu and they make
money by polluting and destroying this
world
y this is y estamos aqui vamos hacer
aqui esta massage she has a voice
whether did I mention the forest so I'm
here to bring the voice of the Amazon
rainforest to this discussion our next
speaker is Rudy Gonzalez the executive
director of the San Francisco Labor
Council so in California and in the
union movement we know that climate
change is real I'm going to say that
again climate change is real I represent
over 140 unions and a hundred thousand
union workers in San Francisco and in
California we've seen the real impact
the fires in car at the car fire our
firefighters and our electrical workers
are on the front lines and recently
we've even seen some of them go to work
and not come home to their families they
and members of the community have lost
lost their lives to this very real
threat and we're at a crossroads here
because after the fires we know that
it's our construction workers iron
workers and steel workers and carpenters
and electrical workers who will rebuild
our local economies in our communities
so when we talk about standing together
to fight for climate justice and jobs we
have to talk about that old principle of
solidarity we have to stand together on
these issues
I can tell you that the big corporations
are trying the same tactic on us as a
large community as they do to union
workers every day they offer a false
choice they say choose between better
wages or better working conditions or
choose between a secure retirement or
affordable health care and in the union
world we say no to that choice we
deserve all those things and in the same
way we deserve a clean and peaceful
planet for our generation and for future
generations and we deserve good union
jobs we can have good jobs and a clean
planet voices from Saturday's rise for
climate jobs and justice March will go
back to the streets of San Francisco in
30 seconds
[Music]
[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we broadcast from San
Francisco California for the whole week
the site of this week's global climate
action summit we go back to the streets
of San Francisco now to voices from
Saturday's rise for climate jobs
injustice March my name is juan flores
i'm with the center of race poverty and
environment I'm a community organizer we
are located in Kern County Delano which
for many years has been the city of the
fire for farmworkers movement and now
we're doing an environmental justice
movement it's very significant we are in
the district of Kevin McCarty who it's
almost like Donald Trump's puppy in the
White House so it's very significant
it's a man that has a lot of power
but it does not have the will to protect
their people so that's why we're here
today to March to make our voices be
heard so he can see that this is a
bigger movement and that this movement
could very well be coming to his
district one of these days talk about
what's happened in Kern County Kern
County is the epicenter for oil
extraction and hydraulic fracturing one
of the most extreme methods of
extracting oil 98% of the permits in the
state of California for hydraulic
fracturing happen in current County
specifically in communities that their
demographics own a very disadvantaged
side there are low-income communities
and communities of color most of them
are monolingual and when they try to
defend themselves they actually get
fight back just by the fact that they
don't speak English so it's very
important that we're here
just enjoyed when you consider a great
victory what was that
yes Arvin a small community at the south
end of Kern County has put the toughest
oil regulations that are on the law
right now currently on the state of
California no new wells can come to the
city without properly being far away
enough from residences that's about 350
feet away from residents not even the
state of California has their buffer
zone so little space the state of
California things that communities on
deserve it and how did you score this
victory well you know what with a lot of
community power people's power they went
out they have been at it for four years
they made sure they went that they
exercise the right to vote that they
bought the right people into the council
John progressive women and men of color
that have taken on to the leadership of
environmentalists and finally this year
they came out with this new ordinance my
name is MIA yasutani I'm the executive
director of the Asian Pacific
environmental network based in Oakland
California we organized with low-income
immigrant and refugee communities around
the intersection of race poverty and
pollution race poverty and pollution can
you break that down and specifically a
talk about the communities you work with
and what they're confronting sure we're
talking about communities who have
economic conditions that are combines
with
direct pollution from polluting
industries like the Chevron refinery so
the lotion refugee community that we've
been organizing in in Richmond
California for 20 years they face some
of the worst economic conditions and the
worst polluted air in the state and so
this results in people who not only
don't have political power but they have
asthma at higher rates cancer all kinds
of pulmonary and heart disease and they
are also being impacted by climate
change right now
so these are the folks who as climate
change that we always say climate change
is a threat multiplier so folks are
already living in poverty without access
to you know clean and healthy homes a
good workplace and good living wage jobs
they're also going to be impacted even
more by climate change so my name is
majora Smith I'm the founding executive
director of Ridge City rights based in
Richmond California you live in one of
in the shadow of one of the largest
refineries in this country the Chevron
refinery that a famous fire a number of
years ago can you talk about what you're
doing around Chevron
so my neighbor has cancer memento who's
staying with me now has cancer he has
been displaced out of his out of his
home this is in Richmond California in
the shadow of that refinery we can't
depend on a fight on the refinery to
change things it's been there for four
years and it's done nothing to help the
people or save the planet or alleviate
the the devastation to our environment
we've as community members have had to
be the resilient ones to come up with
these answers to the problems that are
being pressed on us you were recently
arrested so explain what happened to you
how did you get arrested what were you
doing for doing the same civic rights
that I do and that we do every Sunday in
Richmond we had a sound bike then we
blow the community calls it the music
bike we use it to advertise the rise
that we do we were rolling around
and we were doing our black unity ride
against racism and memory it was a
healing ride for Nia Wilson who was
killed at the MacArthur Barr station at
the subway station here and in the Bay
Area
that's correct she was killed by she was
murdered at that station by a transient
white guy she was 18 years old her
throat was slashed so in response the
organizations that I work with three
black LED bicycle organizations came
together to have a healing ride in her
memory we had a moment of silence at the
MacArthur BART station we did our hour
the ride that we do every month we do
monthly rides on First Fridays and now
as he made it to first Friday the event
the largest loudest Civic celebration in
the Bay Area
monthly one that's where I was arrested
for for playing music from them from the
music bike that I used to advertise our
rides the music bike that has been
welcomed by the community we get waves
people come outside they feel safe they
want to know what's going on they want
to know how they can be a part of it and
for that I was criminalized
my name is storia robinson I'm a third
generation Richmond resident I'm also
the executive director of urban tilt and
a member of our power Richmond coalition
so I'm out here today
just to make sure our voices are gonna
be heard voices from people who
literally live on the front lines that
we I grew up five blocks from the
refinery I've been through three you
know big fires that I've seen that I
know and you know leading up to this
event we did a lot of teachings in our
community with our you know youth that
we work with the people and everything
and actually talking about
in relief almost for the first time for
a lot of them what cap-and-trade is and
to be sitting a few blocks from a
refinery and to learn for the first time
how your help is being bought and sold
explain how it relates to cap-and-trade
and what cap-and-trade is right through
a little teaching here for the world so
as I understand it cap-and-trade buying
and selling on the carbon market you
know companies corporations who are
polluters are allowed are allowed to buy
carbon credits so that they can continue
to pollute in the places that they're
polluting and because of some recent
rules we can't put a cap on how much
pollution that is because of what Jerry
Brown and everyone in the state
government here did and so that means
that people can buy the right to
basically pollute and injure our health
right like we're sacrificed for their
game we don't get anything for it
you know they build their wealth and
their empires
yeah and how does the Chevron refinery
impact Richmond for people who aren't
familiar you said oh we already had
three fires many people don't even know
what you're talking right so the Chevron
refinery is as had a whole history of
explosions and just negligence of
maintenance at their facilities they've
been cited they're there for a hundred
years so they had been entrenched they
influenced our politics they flooded the
politics with money they flood
nonprofits and other organizations to
make sure that they're kind of silenced
and they won't speak out when things are
not right and they're the single biggest
point source of polluter emitter of
greenhouse gases in the state of
California you know five blocks from my
house growing
what happened in the 2012 fire how many
people were injured so I think it was
over 15,000 people were sent to local
hospitals I was at my house and you know
now I live 12 blocks from the refinery I
could literally stand on my porch and
see the flames from my from my house
blocks and blocks away it was that big
the whole sky went black you could see
the black cloud from San Francisco which
is 15 20 miles away and it just covered
everything you know this big black
ominous cloud until the sky was dark and
the sirens were going off and literally
that day you know we're urban
agriculture organization and we're out
trying to revitalize communities get
people out of their houses from behind
their bars and and invest in health and
try to you know deal with some of the
other issues that are facing our
community and that day we had just
finished working with 40 youth in our
summer apprentice program all summer to
grow all this food in that black cloud
went across and dropped the noxious
chemicals on every single thing we've
done with them all summer and it just
like hit them like a brick
[Music]
Rebecca mcaro you cut I'm from Southern
California from the Pachanga banner
Lucentio Indians we call ourselves a fam
cahuita you can watch what your sign
says it says nobody rich pipelined I
just came from the swamp
Sharif Island and a bunch of really
dedicated folks are fighting the bayi
bridge pipeline in Louisiana my name is
Martin Tilson I'm a balla occulta from
Pine Ridge vibrance pipeline is
currently being constructed through the
hatchet falaya Basin Louella V camp has
been fighting the pipeline and this is
actually the same fight from North
Dakota this is still the Dakota access
pipeline the pipeline fight is now in
the bayous it's no longer at Standing
Rock Co we're still there people
indigenous led resistance movement still
fighting the pipeline all the way down
in the swamps and the bayous of
Louisiana and each EP is up to their old
tricks energy transfer Partners is still
