democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm
Juan Gonzalez welcome to all of our
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world fifty years ago
today on April 23rd 1968 hundreds of
students at Columbia University in New
York revolted started a revolt on campus
students went on strike they occupied
five buildings including the president's
office and low library they they
barricaded themselves inside the
buildings for days they were protesting
Columbia starts the military research
and plans to build the new gymnasium in
a public park in Harlem the protests
began less than three weeks after the
assassination of dr. Martin Luther King
jr. the 1968 Columbia uprising that's
one of the largest mass arrests in New
York City history as more than seven
hundred people were arrested on April
30th it also inspired student protests
across the country today we spend the
hour looking back at this pivotal moment
several of the student organizers are
joining us in a minute as one of them
who writes today in an op-ed in the New
York Times quote in popular memory the
Columbia protests were a high point of
the campus movement against the Vietnam
War and a mile marker in its
radicalization
but this history which privileges the
actions and concerns of white students
like myself is incomplete and it
misrepresents what made the protest so
powerful the leadership of the black
students those are the words of Mark
Rutte who will join us in a minute we'll
also speak with Raymond Brown former
leader of the student afro-american
Society with Nancy B Berman who like rod
was a member of students for a
Democratic Society or SDS but first we
begin with excerpts from the documentary
columbia revolt by third-world news
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
students at Columbia move to take over
buildings despite warnings from some
campus officials people with six strike
leaders would they try to suspend they
decided to take Hamilton once again
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
after three votes in majority decided to
stay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the students then set up barricades
inside the administration building the
first day in math we set up a defense
committee which took care of putting up
the barricades we decided what our
policy would be toward police toward
jocks we sold some of the stairs we
taped the windows we emptied bookcases
and put them up in front of the windows
in case teargas canisters did get
through the table and it hung up a lot
of people when there be a little scratch
or mom one of the marble top desks or
something and second time we built
barricades these hang-ups disappeared
and we decided the barricades were
necessary politically and strategically
and anything went in making strong and
this time permanent tight barricades
secure it as a problem letting people in
and out of the buildings watches we need
people to watch the windows every night
we had a walkie-talkie set up citizens
ban walkie talkies
there were telephone communications to
every building which the university
tapped we had three mini graphs that
work constantly
I know people who did nothing during the
strike but relate to the mimeograph
machine and there was a big sign on the
wall quote from somebody in Berkeley
which says five students and a
mimeograph machine can do more harm to a
university than an army that's an
excerpt of Columbia revolt third world
newsreel when we come back from break
we'll be joined by four of the student
activists at the time who led the strike
there now lawyers working on housing
rights community activists and
journalists stay with us this is
democracy now the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez we're
joined now by four of the student
activists involved in the Columbia
strike in 1968 Raymond Brown was a
leader of the student afro-american
society at Columbia was one of the
leaders of the black students who
occupied Columbia University's Hamilton
Hall he's now a criminal defense lawyer
who also practices international human
rights law Nancy B Berman is with us
she's here in New York she was a student
at Barnard College at the time of the
68th strike a member of SDS students for
a Democratic Society now a lawyer
working in community development and
founder of the women's Housing and
Economic Development Corporation
in the Bronx joining us from albuquerque
albuquerque new mexico Mark Rutte he was
chairman of the Columbia University
chapter of SDS during the students
strike of April 1968 elected national
secretary in 1969 and was the last to
hold that position and we're joined by
Paul Cronin editor of the new book a
time to stir Columbia 68 Paul Cronin
made a seven-hour documentary about
Columbia 68 he teaches at the School of
Visual Arts here in New York and
democracy now co-host Juan Gonzalez one
of the student strike leaders as well
now you were all Raymond one Nancy mark
you were all there on April 23rd fifty
years ago today one why don't you kick
this off describe what happened that
morning well there there was a major
rally called by the students for
Democratic Society as well as the the
members of student African American
society who joined the protest as well
basically continuing the ongoing
protests against the university's
involvement in research for the
Institute for Defense analysis a a group
that was doing a lot of research for the
Pentagon four of the Vietnam War and
against the construction of the
gymnasium that Columbia was trying to
build in Morningside Park and all a
variety of forces came together the SDS
students the the SAS students a lot of
other folks who were involved in the
community struggles around the gym and
everyone gathered at the sundial and and
initially marched to the gym site and
then came back on campus and we ended
all ended up in Hamilton Hall which was
the main undergraduate classroom
building for the Columbia Columbia
College students and that's when the
sit-in began so Ray Brown described the
role of the afro-american Society your
role what happened that day
black student role has often been
ignored especially by the media the New
York Times managed to cover this in
detail for days and never mention us but
we got a telegram from Chairman Mao some
of the People's Republic of China
with the black state for doing New York
Times did not but certainly the black
students played a pivotal role because
first of all we were more disciplined
than any other group we determined we
were the first to determine to barricade
buildings we asked in a manner that's
become controversial in the ensuing
years the white students to leave and
grab other buildings and we barricaded
that first building our role was
strategically pivotal because city had
just erupted weeks earlier after dr.
King's death there was a perception that
Harlem might rise and we did have a lot
of community support and so the reason
this lasted for seven days was because
nobody wanted to arrest the black
students and subsequently that meant
they couldn't arrest white students so
our role was pivotal though ignored
historically in journalistic so I want
to go to a clip from the confrontation
Hamilton Hall when students first
trapped Acting College Dean Henry
Coleman in his first floor office the
audio is from the campus radio station W
KCR it's narrated by well no other than
Robert Siegel class of 1969 Dean of
Columbia College Henry as Coleman
confronts demonstrators in the lobby of
Hamilton Hall so Ray Brown remember that
we regarded Dean Coleman as our guest
not as a hostage he had actually
personally recruited me most of the
black students he was very popular among
black students he was involved in
admissions he had also reached out a lot
perhaps more than any other Dean so it
was ironic that he was there and and
once we had cease to control the
building we didn't need him anymore and
we invited him to leave also because
there were a couple of black students in
the law school they said you ought not
mention words like kidnapping a hostage
and the white students leave by the way
they do in response to a polite but firm
request the black students met that
first night you couldn't have black
students effectively sitting
cheek-by-jowl with the white students
who were everybody from Leninists and
SDS to kids who wanted to have a teach
in people who were sort of
countercultural folks we couldn't have
maintained it we were disciplined and
coherent we knew each other well and we
were clear about the fact that this was
not a revolution but a demonstration and
that ultimately forced to be used
against this and so we were very full
and firm on those issues
Nancy Bieber
describe what you were doing there that
day April 23rd 1968 so I knew we all
gathered at the sundial in the middle of
the college campus and there was a rally
and the rally was about you know the
ongoing anger at the war in Vietnam and
in particular our universities
affiliation with research for the war
and we were also very much aware as you
know Ray said dr. King had just died you
know who we were
had been assassinated you know we were
all in the streets and I think everyone
was sitting in high tension mode and you
know what we were able to focus on in
symbols are as important as facts
sometimes and in this case especially
the Jim was the most powerful symbol of
racism that we could see in our
neighborhood it was right there it was
on a bluff the proposed Jim between the
University and Harlem it was a public
park and it was you know design for for
students with a backdoor entrance to the
community it was a sense of and we were
all rallying behind that and the role of
women so the role of women is marked
more complicated I would like to say
however for a couple of my sisters who
are listening out there that two women
were the ones to yell after we couldn't
get into low library having just run
from the sundial to the gym to women's
head to the gym and it was you know from
that moment that we all ran to the gym
and you know jumped into the bulldozers
I'd like to ask Mark Rutte to step in
mark your part your name is probably
most associated with the Columbia strike
of all of the protesters yet today and
in today's New York Times you attempt to
try to correct the revision the the
history or the narrative that has
developed over the decades
right right the there's a lot to be said
of course about the Columbia strike but
that that point that the leadership of
the black students has got to be made
it's relevant today because too often
the narrative of contemporary struggles
focuses on the white kids well it's
gonna be this particular movement that
we have now our movements are being led
by women and also by non-white people so
this is a good time to look back and and
and and see what relevant history there
is I think it's important to point out
that mark and some of the leaders have
been not only historically accurate but
gracious in the last decade and saying
look there was a misperception as to how
this happened at the time mark asked me
to speak at his book launch bill sales
and other black students like myself get
calls from the media mark rod said you
should talk to you instead of him so
there has been a recognition by some
leadership but that hasn't taken away
the tension that still exists at a
number of events on the part of white
students who feel they were expelled
improperly from Hamilton Hall a very
interesting kind of tension I wanted to
turn to this clip from the Columbia
revolt the film this is a trap brown now
Jamil Abdullah al-amin reading a
statement from black students who
occupied Hamilton Hall during the 1968
strike
we have established the cafeteria with
adequate for all contingencies a
physician is in charge of our employment
hi again that was a trap round now Jamil
Abdullah al-amin but that's back in 1968
protesters who barricaded Hamilton Hall
renamed at Malcolm X University right
that's true we were very self-conscious
about our role politically and that we
represented a larger community many of
us had been involved in the movement
over the years that statement was
written by the black students of
Hamilton Hall Stokely Carmichael and
Vassell Patterson and other members of
the democratic political establishment
came through along with many community
organizers who said we'll do whatever
you want and we'll help foster this
notion that the community really cares
and is connected to you and so it's
important to understand that organic
connection as well as an important part
of this uprising a one that again wasn't
reported or covered very accurately at
the time by the mainstream media I'd
like to bring up all into this
discussion here you've been you've spent
the last what 10 years of your life
working on a project or both a book on
the Columbia strike and this seven hour
marathon film that you've you developed
and yet you're a British National Right
recently actually I'm American see my
mother's my mother's I grew up in the
Mid Atlantic household that's true okay
but tell us why you decided to do this
why you spent so much of your life on
this well the bottom line is it's just a
fascinating story and it's not as if
anyone had revisited it in any detail
since 1968 some PhD student had not come
along and pulled all the material
together I was I knew there are plenty
of people around from 68 who would be
able to talk the fact is Columbia
University was full of very smart people
very articulate people and I've met some
extraordinarily articulate people over
the years
also the massive raw primary material
that's come to light I have a generated
an archive of 30,000 photographs most of
which have never been seen before
thousands of pages of documents so it's
just been a fascinating story to tell
it's a very dramatic story I mean the
interplay between
black students and white students
between the faculty and the students I
mean that any number of dynamics at play
here make it a very interesting and
dramatic story his Eric's have been
Homeric I mean this guy spent 10 years
talking to people interviewing hundreds
of people and he's I suppose one person
who's tried to really look deeply into
what really happened it's the show of
protest it's also the Rashomon as ray
pointed out the other day to me that I
interviewed 700 people on film for this
project you also interviewed police who
participated well right city officials
and police I mean there's any number of
so many different constituencies here at
play each each one of which are at odds
with the other so frankly you can sort
of you could focus the entire story in
the mayor's office for example or in the
police department but even when the
police department for example there's
there's a interplay going on between the
beat cops the cops on the beat up in
Morningside up in Manik Manik side
Heights and say the TPF attacked called
patrol force which was this elite group
of cops who were in existence I think
from 59 to 1984 and by 68 they were sort
of at a peak of their powers they were
sort of parachuted in to hot spots
around the city so the beat cops were
not terribly happy to have these guys
you know on their turf so any number of
these interactions creates interesting
stories and interesting drama let's go
to a clip of your film Paul Cronin a
time to stir here former Columbia
students who participated in the
protests recall a key moment during
which students take down offense it was
a deeply symbolic moment because on this
side of the fence is legality politeness
I am part of the establishment
expressing my opinion and on the other
side of this very humble chicken wire
fence is trespass the realization that
we are called upon to
more than simply express our opinions I
remember them pushing I remember them
feeling that finally they could grab the
fence but also grab history grabbed the
world change it and talk about what that
fence was well that was the the fence
that was erected at the construction
site for the new gymnasium and actually
I had been arrested trying in protesting
in that construction site a couple of
months before the actual the actual
Columbia protests erupted when there
were some community protests and so that
that fence was sort of the symbol of
this new gym going up and and there'd
been various protests at the fence at
the construction site itself so when
some of the students began to tear down
the fence that day that was sort of a
symbol okay you're not gonna hold us
back anymore we're dealing with this
issue and what my film for us to do and
I think I mean I mark is very good on
this I know mark can speak to this but
the film is seven hours in part because
night April 23rd 1968 50 years to the
state doesn't come in until two hours in
I mean there's a whole backstory to 1968
and I've been reading in the last two
three days the very brief newspaper
summaries of events and they mean to say
they barely scratch the surfaces
self-evident there's an extraordinarily
interesting story in a way even more
interesting than what happened in 68 the
story of the founding of SDS on the
Columbia campus the founding of SAS
students are for American society on
campus the growing organizing the
anti-war activism that's going on it
brings it brings together
extraordinarily interesting people it's
an interesting part of this people young
people especially don't understand 1964
is ten years after Brown versus Board of
Education nine years after Emmett Till
nine years after banding we were very
conscious of the fact that the
university was kind of saying well maybe
if white supremacy isn't the thing
anymore we've got to have some brown
students here their mistake was in
assuming that brown students were white
students with brown skin and not
engaging with us on the issues that we
brought to this reality but this is
really shortly after the government
through the courts have said well white
supremacy isn't hip anymore because
we've got to persuade the rest of the
people in the brown world
we're really better than the Communists
so that's the context in which this
whole - how many black students were at
columbia night class
which came in 64 the collapse 16 had 20
students biggest class they'd ever had
in the college how many students were
