which brings us into Emily Atkin of the
New Republic Emily first your response
to Scott Pruett being out and talk about
the scandals that some say took him out
others say the biggest sandal of course
is the issue that Kristin mink is just
raising and that's the rollback of
environmental policies like we've never
seen in decades I mean every single one
of your guests so far has been correct
Scott Pruitt's policies are the big
we're always the biggest scandal and
they'll continue to be because Scott
Pruitt's policies at the EPA rolling
back climate change regulations clean
air clean water regulations those are
the policies of the Republican Party in
general that's why Scott Pruett was able
to survive his scandals for so long is
because when Republicans saw what he was
doing or what he was attempting to do
they said well I like that I just don't
like this weird fountain pen $1500 on 12
fountain pen thing and my reaction to
scott pruett getting fired yesterday was
sort of like what because i mean at a
certain point scott pruett to me and i
think a lot of other reporters and
people who closely follow this scott
pruett at a certain point became the
soar that was just never gonna heal I
mean there's one scandal right there's
two scandals there's three scandals at a
certain point there's 10 scandals and
he's still not getting fired
CNN put together a list of the mounting
scandals got Pruett controversies
there's 29 bullet points on that on that
list so at a certain point you just
think to yourself this isn't going to
happen scott pruett it's going to be the
EPA Administrator forever so I was I was
met with a bit of shock to be honest but
something that hasn't been mentioned yet
it's actually just recently come out
this morning is that there have been
some sources within the EPA talking to
both you know liberal and conservative
outlets saying that there actually might
have been a scandal that broke the
camel's back which was what came out
yesterday about Scott Pruett who else
came out over the weekend about Scott
Pruett
changing his public schedule and
strategically taking things off of his
schedule so that if you foil things you
know if you filed a public records
request or if you tried to look at what
he was doing there would be certain
things that you just couldn't find
because those things looked bad for
example a meeting with a former Vatican
official climate denying Vatican
official who is later accused of sexual
abuse against minors and that was that's
a potential violation of the federal
Records Act that can result in a felony
conviction and potentially land Prewitt
in jail I mean some of these are
consequent you know there's the $50 a
night condo there's the you know he
spent $1,500 on 12 fountain pens and you
know he wanted his bodyguard to get him
some lotion that's what made him viral
sort of like a viral ridiculous figure
but some of these scandals are actually
pretty important and have important
consequences that they have implications
that might see him breaking the law so
well I mean I think it's very clear
especially in this last week of hiding
who he met with on a different schedule
and ultimately I think the New York
Times right before the tweet that he had
resigned came out the noting that one of
his age was fired because she didn't
want to do this keep this that it was
actually illegal to keep these two
separate schedules what is shown to the
public and who he was actually meeting
with and of course those issues are
around industry representatives versus
you know the public but I wanted to read
part of the resignation letter of Pruitt
he ended the letter to President Trump
with these words my desire in service to
you has always been to bless you as you
make important decisions for the
American people
I believe you're serving as president
today because of God's providence
I believe that same Providence brought
me into your service I pray as I have
served you that I have blessed you and
enabled you to effectively lead the
American people thank you again mr.
president for the honor of serving you
and I
shoo Godspeed and all that you put your
hand to your faithful friend scott
pruett emily Atkin can you talk about
this where has he talked about serving
the public he says he is serving Donald
Trump which will take us to the next
point which is who is replacing him
perhaps a person who at this point
doesn't have that level of scandal but
continues the policy Andrew wheeler the
former coal lobbyist this was one of
Scott Pruitt's
failings I think as a public servant
obviously the letter that you just read
there is no mention of serving the
American public and I think that that
idea gets lost a lot in the Trump
administration he's saying he's serving
a president it almost sounds creepy in a
way that's not his job and I think
that's what Mustapha Li was saying
earlier his job as the EPA Administrator
is to serve the American people is to
protect American public health from
pollutants from water pollutants from
air pollutants and there is no mention
of that in his resignation letter
there's also no mention of his scandals
in his resignation letter and that's
another problem of Scott Pruett and why
I think you know you never saw a lot of
Republicans come to his defense is
because Scott Pruett never came to his
own defense he had one interview on Fox
News where he attempted to defend
himself from some of these scandals it
didn't go well he got challenged by
people he thought were going to be nice
to him and they weren't nice to him and
so he largely kept himself out of the
spotlight so now we have Andrew wheeler
coming in to be the Acting Administrator
Andrew wheelers going to pursue the same
policy agenda that Pruitt that Pruitt
you know pursued and I think it's sort
of true it was a blessing in disguise
for people in the environmental movement
because he was so ridiculous because he
said such ridiculous things all the time
people actually started to care about
the environmental deregulatory process
Scott Pruett was you know he was a
symbol of of what was happening and now
with somebody who's a little more
low-key was a little more
boring to be fair to be honest I mean
these policies aren't sexy to talk about
you want to talk about methane leaks
from oil and gas operations you want to
talk about the mechanics of scientific
research and how we use it to fight air
pollution you talked about Steve Malloy
I mean he's a former tobacco lobbyist
these scientific policies are the same
ones that that the tobacco industry was
pushing when they wanted to not be
liable for the harm they were causing to
humans health but wheeler is gonna be
pushing those same things and he's not
going to attract the same judge that
Scott Pruett did the new EPA chief
Andrew wheeler worked for nearly a
decade on behalf of fossil fuel
companies including the coal company
Murray energy and as a senior advisor to
Republican Senator James Inhofe the
prominent climate change denier I want
to go to Senator Inhofe of Oklahoma
speaking from the floor of the Senate in
February of 2015 the day he infamously
brought in that snowball in an attempt
to disprove global warming in case we
have forgotten because we keep hearing
the 2014 has been the warmest year on
record I asked the chair you know what
this is it's a snowball and that's just
from outside here so it's very very cold
out very unseasonal so they have mr.
president catch this and he throws the
snowball that's senator inhofe emily
Atkin your final response on this and
here you have a man who has not been
approved by the senate can he Andrew
Murray the former chief of staff of
Inhofe Oh Andrew Weil a real er of
Murray coal the former chief of staff of
Inhofe can he actually stay in office to
the end of trumps term without being
approved as an interim as an acting
absolutely because he's already been
confirmed by the Senate to be the deputy
administrator so whether or not he gets
confirmed he still has basically all the
powers of the administrator one thing
that I would say
that people should be looking at now I
think that people should use Scott
Pruett and the attention that he drew to
himself with his viral weird scandals
lotions mattresses first-class flights
take the attention from that and and put
it back on those policies that Andrew
wheeler now has the full capacity to put
forward as EPA Administrator and the
first one that I would look at is a
climate change regulation the day that
Scott Pruett resigned to the New York
Times published a story saying that the
EPA is preparing to put out its
replacement for the clean power plan
Obama's signature climate change
regulation to regulate carbon dioxide
emissions from coal plants andrew
wheeler that's his bread and butter he's
been wanting to weaken or repeal that
regulation for a long time and andrew
wheeler has also you know expressed
interest in trying to roll back one of
the most important Supreme Court case
rulings in in climate change law at all
which is the law that says that carbon
dioxide must be regulated as a pollutant
under the Clean Air Act so that's
something that I think we should be
watching because it's going to have real
dangerous long-term implications for the
American people if that does which
brings us back to Mustafa Ali and Chris
Arba Mustafa you were at the EPA for
what some two dozen years 24 years Chris
are but you were there for 38 years in
this year and a half
how has the EPA changed compared to what
it was before let's begin with Chris
Arbor I think at the top of the list I
would see the agency disengaging with
science the agency and the entire time I
was there
embraced science it was we use science
to identify where the risks were to
human health in the environment and use
that as a basis for going forward and
there seems to be a broad walking away
from science there's very little work
now in the pipeline for the science
advisory board to do we
we have 20 25 items in the pipeline
right now I think is virtually nothing
so it's obvious that the agency isn't
going to be going forward with science
and there seems to be some questioning
of just some basics in science I mean
the administrator Pruitt question
whether evolution was a he thought it
was just a theory
we have other Americans that that
actually believe the earth is flat and
some Americans believe that dinosaurs in
humans walked the earth at the same time
and all three of those things are proven
in science one way or the other and I
think walking away from it it lets
people that want to do something the
science tells you what what's important
and what needs to be addressed and if
those issues get in the way then what
you do is you sideline science and I
think that gets back to the Steve Malloy
so Steve Malloy was a work I worked for
an attorney for the tobacco industry in
the 90s and he was part of the team that
crafted the illusion that the data was
inconclusive as to whether cigarettes
are addictive and bad to your health and
they did that to keep tobacco sales up
and since that time the tobacco the CEOs
of the tobacco industry greatly or they
testified in front of Congress they have
since been found crinimal criminally
liable and billions of dollars fines
have have been put against them and
we've all seen the recent commercials on
TV where people who have suffered quite
significantly from smoking cigarettes
are they're trying to tell people to be
careful and avoid cigarette smoke
whenever possible well that same Steve
Malloy was part of the EPA effort to
craft this transparency in regulatory
science it's the same strategy is to
sideline the science so that we can do
what we want and to use somebody like
Steve Malloy who really led to charge
with the tobacco industry and now is
leading EPA on this transparency in
regulatory science it's just it defies
belief
mr. Farley some people have compared
Andrew wheeler to Vice President Pence
and Scott Pruett to President Trump
president Trump with all the scandal and
tweets and outrageousness and then the
one who is right there steadily
enforcing all the policies right behind
your thoughts as we wrap up well Andrew
wheeler is just as dangerous or more so
than Scott Pruett coming from the
background that he comes from the
actions that he has taken directly
impact the lives of communities across
our country three over 200,000 people
die prematurely from air pollution in
our country every year so if you are
weakening air protection laws than you
are putting folks in danger 27 million
people have asthma seven million
children have asthma so again these
actions that they're moving forward on
are dangerous for the American public
and then if you look at climate change
if they would go to communities like
Houston Texas or Port Arthur Texas or
Princeville North Carolina where folks
have been impacted by these
strengthening hurricanes and these flood
related events then folks would share
with them that we want you to have
stronger enforcement we want to have
stronger laws in place to help us to be
better protected so I see him as
dangerous as Scott Pruett if he
continues down the same road that he has
over the past 25 years
Kristin mink my final question is to you
I think the whole country perhaps the
world wants to know who do you want to
bumped into next at lunch if this was
actually effective obviously I'd love to
bump into Donald Trump but I mean I
think what this really comes down to is
if we're looking at who we want to get
rid of and who we want in there
protecting us the imperative here is to
get to the polls in November we need a
Congress that's going to protect us
moving forward that's going to
prioritize science and safety and the
health of our citizens and our children
and the next generation the current
Congress approved Scott Pruett who had
sued the EPA for trying to protect
public health and now they're appointing
Andy wheeler to follow in his footsteps
so clearly the Congress that's in place
is not what we need right now we need to
get to the polls and a turn turn
Congress blue well it's November
Christian mink I want to thank you for
being
with us DC teacher and mom I think
you've taught the whole country a lesson
as you bumped into Scott Pruett and let
him know what you thought this week
demanding you resigned two days later
well that's what happened with staff
Ally former EPA official now with hip
hop caucus Chris Arba ex director of the
EPA science advisory board and Emily
akan will link to your pieces in the New
Republic this is democracy now when we
come back what's happening to
affirmative action in this country what
our president Trump's plans stay with us
you
