I'm here on democracy now I meani
Goodman with nermeen Shaikh we turn now
to Gaza where a tentative ceasefire
pierced to have taken hold after Hamas
said it had agreed to a truce with
Israel the fighting followed a recent
wave of non-violent protest near
Israel's militarized border with Gaza in
which Israeli snipers killed 116
Palestinians and injured thousands of
others on Wednesday Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stopped
short of declaring a formal ceasefire
those responsible for the escalation
inspired by Iran or the Hamas regime
Islamic Jihad and the other terrorist
organizations I am NOT detailing our
plans because I do not want the enemy to
know what lies in store for him but one
thing is clear to him when they test us
they pay immediately and if they
continue to test us they will pay far
more this comes as for Israeli warships
intercepted a flotilla that tried to
challenge Israel's naval blockade of the
Gaza Strip on Tuesday more than a dozen
unarmed people were on board including
injured protesters and cancer patients
seeking medical treatment abroad the
protests came as Israel is constructing
a fortified maritime barrier this is
mohammad abu either one of the flotilla
participants we demand to break the
blockade hope to seek medical treatment
and other Arabic countries because of my
injury the attempt to sail today aims to
help us break the blockade the flotillas
attempt to break Israel's naval blockade
coincided with the eighth anniversary of
Israel's attack on the Mavi Marmara
flotilla which killed nine activists
while the boat was sailing in
international waters one of them an
American citizen 18-year old for Kondo
gong a tenth person died after four
years in a coma for more we are joined
by two guests we go to Gaza where
ramadana Hayek is with us one of the
organizers of the Gaza flotilla that
tried to break the Israeli naval
blockade Tuesday and was taken by
Israeli military and an Amsterdam were
joined by Zohar Chamberlain raghav an
Israeli citizen who's on board the
Freedom Flotilla ship Allah the return
which has just arrived in the port of
Amsterdam the flotilla set sail April
30th from the Norwegian port of Bergen
and plans to arrive in Gaza in July
Regev has lived in Spain for the last 14
years and has participated in the
coordination of the Spanish component of
the Freedom Flotilla since 2012 she's
also the owner of the women's boat to
Gaza which was seized in 2016 is still
the object of court proceedings in
Israel we welcome you both to Democracy
Now let's go first to Ramadan in Gaza
talk about what happened to your ship
and who was on it how many people were
there and what's taken place over these
last few days well first of all well
first of all the idea came from the
severe pain and suffering of a 12-year
Israeli blockade on Gaza Strip in which
2 million of the pasi√≥n people lives
were devastating we are talking about
more than 45% of unemployment rate one
of the highest rates in the world and
more than 45% of shortages in medical
treatment
milik and medical equipment here in Gaza
and the hospitals of Gaza and as well as
more than 150,000 Palestinian students
who have been in graduated and now
without job or work and at the same time
on the eighth anniversary of attacking
Mavi Marmara which was sailing toward
Gaza to break the siege the passengers
there were about 17 passengers on the
board on the boat which is called
freedom boat these passengers include
the patient people cancers and injured
people and also students who want to
convey their message for the free world
that we need to live as others in this
world and we want to we want our basic
human rights as others and as the
international conventions and
international and humanitarian law
stated that secondly after after 14 in
litical miles the freedom a flotilla
boat was surrendered by is for Israeli
warships and they shot on this boat the
Freedom Flotilla and then they dragged
them to a seaport at 3:20 we lost
contact with them and then at 11:00 p.m.
before two days ago at night the Israeli
forces released 14 out of 17 passengers
and after three hours the Israeli side
also released another two people one of
them is injured and now 16 out of 17 are
released now except one man is called
Sohail la Moody
he's one of the crewmen and now we are
going now we are making calls and
contacts with the Red Cross and other
international organizations to support
and to pretend to protect this man mr.
Sahay la Moody
remember dad have you been in touch with
these passengers who've been released
yes I've been in touch with them and I
met them twice and I felt and I saw a
strong determination by them all of them
and they told me especially personally
that we will continue and we want
another boats to go outside to the world
to in order to build our future to ask
for access for medical treatment and
access for education this our rights we
need we will struggle for life I want to
go to Zohar Chamberlain Regev the
Israeli citizen on board the Freedom
Flotilla ship called a Lada which means
the return you have just arrived in the
port of Amsterdam talk about this ship
and what you're planning to do with it
and why you as an Israeli citizen are
aboard thank you
much for having me and I would like to
speak about aloud that the return it's
about that as you said left no way about
a month ago
and we've just arrived in Amsterdam
we're stopping in many ports on the way
as does the rest of the flotilla the
boats coming from Sweden and our plan is
to make the voyage just as important as
actually reach in Gaza of course we go
with a message of solidarity and hope
and we're really humbled by the efforts
of the Palestinians in Gaza to show the
world that all they want is just to live
a normal life to be able to move about
freely like most citizens of the world
and ours are just small efforts but we
try to amplify their voices as through
our action so our boats will sail
there'll be two vessels sailing the
Atlantic route and two smaller vessels
sailing vessels will be going to canal
route of Europe then we will join
together in the Mediterranean and
continue to Gaza from there exactly
explain as an Israeli I feel like we I
have a double obligation to participate
in this because it's my own people who
are inflicting this suffering on the
Palestinians of Gaza and what we try to
convey is a message that we only try to
protect human rights and make Israel
comply with international law we are not
there to threaten or to provoke we just
think that it's time the international
community held Israel accountable for
what it's doing and so can you explain
why the ship is called the return a
louder yes
we have planned this mission for quite
some time actually since before the
women's boat to Gaza mission we've said
that in 2018 we will try to make a more
visible mission we knew of course that
it was going to be the 70th anniversary
of the Nakba and we try a through our
mission that is called a right to adjust
future for Palestine we try to focus on
both the youth in Gaza there are many
young people in Gaza and as we see they
are willing to actually risk their lives
just to to be visible they say we would
rather die by sniper shot and still you
know do this in front of world's eyes
and actually their March of return has
made Gaza a news item right now and we
wanted to you know combine our efforts
with that and to put the Gaza situation
in the context of the occupation and
dispossession of Palestinians from their
native lands that goes back 70 years and
even more Zohar Chamberlain Regev you're
an Israeli citizen you're also an
amputee and I was wondering if you can
talk about how that affects the way you
see this situation again the last six
months the last six weeks of the
nonviolent Palestinian protests have
seen over a hundred fifteen Palestinians
killed over 12,000 wounded you have many
amputees can you discuss this well again
I must say a my experience I I was
injured in a car accident and of course
I was taken to a hospital straightaway
given you know where the blood I needed
I was taken care of
now when I hear about Israeli snipers
shooting people in the knee with all
sorts of strange ammunition that nobody
recognizes and there is just destroying
their limbs and then that Israeli
authorities or Israeli Court refused to
let them come through Israel to get
treatment and they you know they
amputate them because they cannot take
care of them in Gaza I think this is
heartbreaking I think this is really
really terrible and what manages my
experiences is that but you know it just
gives me a glimpse into what that could
be
what message do you have for Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu you know
I've just heard in another part of your
program that he was speaking about Hamas
and being led by Iran and we just want
to look at the Palestinians in Gaza as
human beings and but it's something very
basic in Judaism you should you should
not do to others what you don't want
done to yourself so I think this is just
very very basic comply with
international law respect human rights
and this will be the best guarantee for
the security of the people in Israel as
well as Palestinians I think it's just
common sense and Ramadan can you talk
about what you expect to happen next
what are you advocating for now well
actually we are talking about coastally
clay in clay which is Gaza Strip which
was under an Israeli siege for more than
12 years ago it's like it's an Israel in
an occupied an occupying power although
it's already disengaged from Gaza in
2005 leaving it and it still in Israel
still clear
controls the air and land and sea of
Gaza Strip so in the coming days there
might be is another ship stored the the
free world in order to convey the
Palestinian people the message in Gaza
Strip and the Palestinian cause because
this is a adjust this of cause and that
we are talking about a siege that is
becoming more worse than before
for example 2018 is the most worst year
in the past 12 years and it's becoming
on the verge of collapse in the and all
of their sections here and all aspects
of life in Gaza Strip is becoming more
dangerous and what does it mean to you
Ramadan and that's an Israeli citizen
that people like Sahar are on our part
of this flotilla actually
the international law and international
conventions support humans regardless of
their religion and racism
so Sahara the Israeli citizen here is
coming to Gaza Strip and the past
million people in Gaza are waiting with
warm feelings for her and the other
three people who will come here to
support and to respect the human rights
as her and as other free people on the
under boat which is called the return or
an outer boat and we as the Palestinians
respect and we want also from the
international community to make
oppression on the Israeli side to deal
with the Palestinians as a human rights
as a human beings and to respect and
obey their international obligations
Ramadan
today is the anniversary of the attack
on the Mavi Marmara how much do you
think has changed in Israel since then
or in the Gaza Strip well it's the
eighth anniversary of Mavi Marmara and
unfortunately a nine of the Turkish
activists who were killed by the Israeli
naval forces and today the Palestinian
people especially the Freedom Flotilla
or freedom boat which was said before
two days ago they want to confirm for
the for the word that we would continue
the duty of this Mavi Marmara and other
boats and the duty of the free people
who can't come to Gaza Strip the people
here in Gaza Strip are going to do a
peaceful events and what they can do and
would and they will do their best to
face the obstacles intelligence that
have been imposed by the Israeli side so
and they want the international
community to make also another time a
pressure on Israel to respect human
rights and international conventions we
want to end with 2010
interview that we did on Democracy Now
with filmmaker and activist er le one of
the few Americans on the Mavi Marmara
chef that came from Turkey she shared
with us footage of the attack that she
was able to save 10 people ultimately
died on that ship 9 Turkish one young
American citizen this was footage she
was able to save after soldiers
confiscated her equipment when you show
the video of the helicopters above and
we're showing that now we see that there
is and we can hear below the sound of an
explosion what was happening there all
the technical information about what is
rubber-bullet sound what is you know
live ammunition but obviously they came
with live ammunition and very of minutes
afterwards we had the megaphone in our
rooms in every room and the ship's
saying stay quiet and calm they're using
live ammunition there is no way we can
resist they are taking over the ship
just stay calm and don't resist at all
you know the other boats they use rubber
bullets and tear gas they didn't kill
people but in our ship they came to kill
and in fact nine people were killed
another one would die after that one of
them a young American citizen that was
airily who was speaking sharing her
video footage eight years ago
the Mavi Marmara was attacked by the
Israeli military now we're talking about
this latest flotilla and ending with
Zohar Chamberlain regev who just came
into the port of Amsterdam from Norway
an Israeli Jewish citizen onboard the
Freedom Flotilla a laga is the name of
your ship the returned the name of the
March for the last six weeks
the peaceful challenge to the Israeli
military in Gaza was also the march of
return can you talk about the people who
are on your ship how many people are on
that ship and who people represent where
they come from is a heart yes we we come
from many different countries where Jews
Muslims Christians at least we have
people from different nationalities we
try to keep the diversity so right now
coming into Amsterdam there was a
Palestinian on board is actually media
to American citizens we have crew that
are Swedish and Norwegian we have people
from Malaysia myself and Israeli but
living in Spain so we have this language
diversity on the boat as well and there
will be many more people coming on and
and getting off at the different ports
because we just want to give this
impression where regular people we just
want to you know do our little bit to
make this world a better place and we
believe that respecting human rights and
stopping the violations of human rights
of the Palestinian people in Gaza is
what we need to do we want to thank you
both for being with us so her
Chamberlain Regev Israeli Jewish citizen
on board the Freedom Flotilla in the
port of
stur damn and speaking to us from Gaza
Ramadan Al Hayek when the organizers of
the Gaza flotilla the Gaza flotilla
trying to challenge the Israeli naval
blockade of Gaza left the port filled
with people needing medical assistance
as well as students and crew intercepted
by Israeli naval forces we'll continue
to follow that flotilla but when we come
back we go to Edmonton to Alberta the
Canadian government is taken over the
trans mountain pipeline the Kinder
Morgan pipeline will speak with an
indigenous activist about what this
means stay with
