this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez our
guests are Aaron Glantz with this
remarkable piece called kept out massive
data crunching to look at millions of
cases around the country of red lining
Aaron is senior reporter reveal and
Vincent Hughes is Democratic state
senator of Pennsylvania on yes senator
Hughes I wanted to ask you about what
can be done especially with some of
these lending institutions are some of
the ones mentioned in the series are P
and B santen dead bank what can local
legislators in the face of apparently
not that much interest at the not at the
federal level to deal with this uh with
this issue what can you do at the state
and municipal level to make these these
lending institutions more accountable
once we became aware of the information
and you're right it's incredible amount
of research done by Aaron and Emanuel it
it once we became aware of this we as
you saw on your clips we asked the
Attorney General to initiate an
investigation we asked to State
Treasurer we specifically asked to State
Treasurer we're like where is the state
depositing its monies what banks is the
state using and quite frankly if there's
a bank that's participated in its
discriminatory behavior they don't need
to be in the business of holding state
tax dollars so he's pulling together
research on on that level we work
directly with Councilman Kenyatta
Johnson to initiate local hearings in in
Philadelphia and because of the federal
government walking away from its
oversight responsibilities it really is
going to require cities local
communities states to initiate their own
action to try to address this a racist
discriminatory behavior and that's what
we're urging folks to do not just in in
Pennsylvania but all across the country
you know and and this is you know when
you have small towns across in states
across the country that don't have the
size of a city of Philadelphia
who depend upon home ownership to keep
their communities going but they can't
the local neighborhoods can't get alone
they can't get a mortgage they can't
create the wealth in their families in
their communities as I said before it
has a tremendous ripple effect across
the board in every other aspect of a
person's reality and a community's
reality let's go to a clip from the PBS
news hour report accompanying Aaron
Glantz and Emanuel Martinez's
investigation
Adrian Stokes has owned her Point Breeze
home for decades she lives here with her
pitbull boy there is a lot of new
investment in the area and property
values of skyrocketed but normal wear
and tear
has taken a toll on her house so she
went to a local bank first trust the
only one with a branch in the
neighborhood I went did it at home
equity oh okay cuz I wanted to fix up my
home she was looking for $30,000 and
because of rising property values had
$200,000 of equity in her house she was
current on her mortgage and she has a
steady income never
you know nobody financing at home I just
wanted I hope everybody know to fix up
my house and I couldn't believe they
denied me she was told her credit score
wasn't good enough without the loan
she's afraid the condition of her house
will only get worse so Aaron Glantz tell
us more about Adrian Stokes and people
like her what is being done what was
done during the Obama years the number
of lawsuits brought has any been brought
under the Trump administration when
you're talking about this pervasive
problem well I mean I think that when we
hear a story like Adrian Stokes the
reason that we wanted to bring her story
to a national audience was because she
lives in this neighborhood in
Philadelphia called Point Breeze which
is a historically African American
neighborhood which is seeing a
tremendous influx of wealthy white
newcomers so gentrification and I want
to know why is it that when communities
gentrify when Newman
comes in when blighted and vacant
properties are occupied that the
existing resonance there don't feel
lifted up that they don't feel
personally improved that instead they
feel pushed out and so you know in
Adrian's case her house was suddenly
worth a lot more and she said you know
what now I want to fix it up now I want
to fix that broken sump pump I want to
fix my circuit breaker I want to fix my
windows and she goes to her local bank
the only one in the neighborhood they
say no her local bank first trust which
is a local Pennsylvania institution
helped more than 500 people in
Philadelphia buy homes over the last
five years and only a small fraction of
them less than two dozen were
african-american we see that with many
institutions and many institutions
nearly all of them 99 percent under
President Obama got a satisfactory or
outstanding grade under the Community
Reinvestment Act which is a landmark law
signed in 1977 by Jimmy Carter to try to
get banks to lend in low-income
communities and what we found was that
these institutions were exploiting in a
loophole in the law that did not
anticipate a gentrification and so
nearly every one of them was getting a
passing grade then let's fast forward so
all that data all those inspections all
the mortgage records we reviewed all
related to the Obama administration now
we have to your question President Trump
in office the person who has the
position now as comptroller of the
currency basically the nation's top bank
cop
Joseph Aden who is charged with
enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act
he ran a bank called One West with Steve
minuchin who's now from Treasury
secretary and for the five years that he
was in charge of one west which was one
of the largest banks headquartered in
Southern California they helped exactly
three
african-americans buy homes and just 11
Latinos and he's now in charge of
enforcing these laws designed to get
banks to serve low-income people across
the country Aaron I wanted to ask you
one of the rebuttals of some of the
banks to your series is that you're
crunching of the numbers leaves out
certain factors like credit histories or
credit scores of the applicants could
you talk about that rebuttal and why
even the issue of credit scores is a
suspect in terms of racial bias well we
looked at all the data that is publicly
available under the Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act which included how much
money people made the neighborhood they
wanted to buy in and the amount of loan
the amount of house they wanted to buy
the amount of debt they wanted to take
on and we you know we included a lot of
other factors too like the demographics
of the neighborhood and the regulating
agency over the financial institution
where they're trying to get the loan and
everything we could there were some
things that we couldn't include because
the banks have been fighting to keep
them secret and one of them was credit
score another really important metric
that we couldn't use was debt to income
ratio like the amount of debt total that
a person has including their student
loans their car payments etc in addition
to the loan they're trying to take on in
relationship to their income and the
reason that we couldn't include that
information that we wanted to include
was because the banks since the
dodd-frank Act was passed in 2010 have
been fighting to keep that information
secret so global economy crashed because
of bad loans Congress and President
Obama said banks you have to start
giving the public and the government
information about borrowers credit
scores their overall debt burden and
other factors and the banks have been
kicking and screaming for seven years
now and we still don't have it so here
we come at the Center for Investigative
Reporting we go through all the records
that pub that's publicly available and
the banks say our analysis that shows
people of color can't get a loan even
when they make the same management
amount of money as whites is no good
because we don't include
very information that they're trying to
keep secret and that they have
successfully kept secret up until this
point I want to go back to someone we
spoke to a few weeks ago on Democracy
Now Rochelle for rule the 33 year old
african-american woman who manages a
million-dollar grant and her job at the
University of Pennsylvania two lenders
turned her down when she tried to buy a
home
Rochelle described what happened next
and it really wasn't until my partner
Hanako who identifies as asian not
halfway stepped in and offered to be my
co borrower that it was pretty much
smooth sailing to the extent that our
application was approved but as soon as
she came on I was largely ignored and
really all that mattered was my money
that is unfortunately not the experience
of a large number of black people who
tried to buy homes in America most of us
are routinely denied our applications
are rejected and we are forced to
continue to rent from people who don't
care about us don't care about our
well-being and don't really consider or
value the ways in which we help them
accrue well right you only got it when
Hanako signed on with you yes and it's
kind of ridiculous I mean it's something
that we still laugh about so hanukkah's
co-borrower application was approved at
a time when her credit score was in the
700s and and that is what mattered most
first whatever reason what didn't matter
at all is the fact that Hanako was
working part-time in a grocery store
her most recent pay stub was like 115
dollars I was helping her pay her health
insurance because you know she had such
little cash the broker who turned down
or shelf rolls first loan application
Angela Tobin said race played no role in
the rejection Philadelphia mortgage
advisors chief operating officer Jill
Quinn sent a statement to reveal that
read in part we treat every applicant
equally and promote home ownership
throughout our entire lending area
meanwhile Rachelle's loan officer at
Santander Denis McNichol referred
revealed to his company's public affairs
department the bank issued a statement
that read in part while were sympathetic
with their situation were confident the
loan application was managed fairly if
you state senator Vincent Hughes can
talk about what in what you're calling
for now we'll remedy a situation like
this and also address the issue of the
Trump administration weakening the
standards banks must meet to pass a
Community Reinvestment Act and what you
as a state senator can do around the
issue of racial discrimination and
lending practices well I want to go back
as I answer that when I want to go back
to something that Aaron was speaking to
earlier about accessing credit score
information and what have you and what
makes the practices of the banks really
suspect you know most of us do a lot of
our banking online now we're facile
enough to move around online the do I do
our banking but it is interesting if
that is a reality that three-quarters of
all of the bank branches that still are
in existence in the city of Philadelphia
are in majority white neighborhoods even
though most folks are doing their their
their banking online now so they're
they're discriminating in the mortgages
that they're approving and in
discriminating and where they're
locating their local branches and
they're not placing local branches and
minority in majority african-american
and Latino neighborhoods so that that's
one thing which causes the bank's
behavior to be really suspect here in
terms of what we can do as as at the
state level we've got to figure out what
power that we have that we can put in on
these federal federally chartered
institutions most of the banks that
we're talking about are federally
chartered I think you know for example
the city of Philadelphia has filed a
lawsuit against Wells Fargo for steering
Wells Fargo's for steering
minority communities african-american
Latino communities and individuals to
higher interest higher risk mortgages so
it's my understanding that Wells Fargo
while dealing with this lawsuit has put
aside maybe 3.2 billion dollars three
point two five billion dollars
anticipating what potentially could
happen if the courts rule against them
you know driving dollars if we're
successful on the legal front if we're
successful in terms of public pressure
if we're successful in saying you know
what state tax dollars should not go to
banks that are racially discriminating
they should go to banks that are that
are supporting and engaged in diverse
communities in african-american Latino
communities let's move on State dollars
into those institutions then maybe we
can drive more activity more mortgage
lending more favorable morgan mortgage
lending into african-american latina
communities and the banks have got to
pay again the ripple effect of this kind
of behavior is far reaching far reaching
90% of the homes in the city
philadelphia are older than 1978 and
that's an important because 1978 was a
year that lead paint was out out
outlawed was was ruled you cannot use
that paint in terms of because of the
lead content well we've got communities
we've got communities especially black
and brown communities african-american
latina communities who are living in
lead filled homes and so the type that
time they're living in toxic households
if you can't get a mortgage or you can't
get a second or in your home to make
home improvements to get rid of that
lead then you're living in if you will
houses of hell okay because of the
toxicity of the break is so high folks
need to be criminally gone after we need
to move our money out of those
institutions into institutions that are
more favorable to these commutes who are
not or not involved in discriminatory
and racist behavior and they need to be
sent a message we cannot depend upon
washington DC at the federal level given
what they're doing we got to take this
within our own hands legislators around
the country need to go after this local
council people in mayor
around the country need to go after this
and demand the justice that these
communities deserve is right Marlee but
it's also good investment policy for
these local communities Erin I wanted to
ask you about NASA SMS service that you
have that with your story where people
can find out about what's going on in
their particular neighborhood could you
talk about that and how they might
access that kind of information yeah I
mean if you we wanted to make sure that
all this government information which is
currently you know available to computer
geeks is available to the general public
and so what we did was created a data
app and so you can go onto our website
at reveal news.org slash redlining
reveal news org slash redlining and you
can type in your address and you can
find in your neighborhood whether you
live in Wichita Kansas or San Francisco
California or Philadelphia Pennsylvania
which racial groups are getting loans in
your neighborhood your mother's neighbor
and your father's neighborhood your
cousin's neighborhood and and who aren't
and also you can look at the behavior of
every single bank or credit union
mortgage broker in your city and find
out what the racial breakdown of their
lending is in your city so you know the
state senator mentioned that in in
Philadelphia Wells Fargo is far more
likely to deny african-americans than
whites 27% denial rate for
african-americans in Philadelphia from
Wells Fargo 9% from whites you can type
in any bank in any city and get a result
like that for your Metro were you
surprised by the response Aaron to your
piece we run the first part of it a few
weeks ago and the the investigations
that have opened and what we should know
about all over the country not only in
Pennsylvania I think a key
to the success of this investigation is
taking something out of the abstracting
bringing it home to particular
communities you know letting people know
that it's happening in their
neighborhood in their city it's no
question that you know we focused our
report on Philadelphia where
african-americans are nearly three times
as likely to be turned down even when
they make the same amount of money as
their white counterparts and we focused
our energies there and we've had the
greatest impact there so far but also we
worked with The Associated Press and our
partners at the public radio exchange
and there have been stories on the
covers of newspapers all around the
country in Gainesville Florida Tulsa
Oklahoma st. Louis Detroit etc where
local media have been turning a lens in
their communities and I think that's the
way it has to go during this era when so
many people feel that Washington is
fundamentally broken but they still care
about their neighbors and they still
want justice in their community I want
to end with Philadelphia City Council
member Kenyatta Johnson speaking at a
hearing last week this week I absolutely
sickening unacceptable but most
importantly an American injustice when
we talk about segregation we are usually
talking about the Jim Crow era separate
schools separate churches separate water
fountains and we sometimes give into the
myth of the civil rights movement is
relegated racial segregation to the
darker days of American history but here
we are on the 50th anniversary of the
Fair Housing Act and deep segregation is
alive and kicking it is a legacy of
federally sanctioned redlining policies
that designated black neighborhoods as
credit risk for home loans home
ownership which is commonly considered
the cornerstone of the American Dream
it's a sum an American Nightmare
but earlier this week we got a powerful
proof of modern-day
Ronni the Center for Investigative
Reporting released an in-depth report
that took a year of intensive research
including review of 31 million documents
they found that banks were denying home
purchase loans home improvement loans
the home refinancing to applicants of
color and fire far higher rights that's
it to their Caucasian applicants in
Philadelphia black long home applicants
were 2.7 times more likely to be denied
than the Caucasian applicants
Philadelphia City Council member
Kenyatta Johnson and we want to thank
our guests today Aaron Glantz senior
reporter at reveal and Vincent Hughes
democratic state senator of Pennsylvania
who serves as a democratic chairman of
the Senate Appropriations Committee
speaking to us from Harrisburg
Pennsylvania and that does it for this
segment you can go to Democracy Now org
will link to all the pieces and
investigations that reveal in the center
for investigative journalism has done
this is democracy now when we come back
we'll talk supreme courts stay with us
