this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show in
Mexico where voters have elected Andres
Manuel Lopez Obrador to be Mexico's next
president the former mayor of Mexico
City who is known by his initials and lo
will become Mexico's first leftist
president in decades Lopez Obrador ran
an anti-corruption anti violence
campaigning and has vowed to expand
pensions for the elderly boost spending
for social programs and increased grants
for students on Monday Lopez Obrador and
president Donald Trump had about a half
hour phone conversation according to
Trump discussing immigration and trade
this is President Trump calling on
Mexico's president-elect to collaborate
on border security and NAFTA I think
he's going to try and help us with
border we have unbelievably bad border
laws immigration laws the weakest in the
world laughed at by everybody in the
world and Mexico has very strong
immigration laws so they can help us
Lopez Obrador captured 53% of the vote
more than twice that of his closest
rival this marked his third time running
for president Lopez Obrador victory
comes after the most violent electoral
season in modern Mexican history at
least 136 politicians have been
assassinated in Mexico since September
for more we go to Mexico City where
we're joined by John Ackerman and Irma
Sandoval
Irma Sandoval is a professor and
director of the Center for the study of
corruption at the National Autonomous
University of Mexico set to become
Controller General in president-elect
Andres Manuel Lopez over those
government John Ackerman is the editor
of the Mexican Law Review and a
professor at the National Autonomous
University of Mexico he's also a
columnist for processo and la Jornada
newspapers they happen to be married
welcome to Democracy Now
John Ackerman let's begin with you talk
about the overall significance of this
victory for Lopez Obrador who has been
campaigning for this it seems for
decades
yeah Thank You Amy a real pleasure and a
real honor to be on your show you guys
are are the best yes
Lopes our Lord has been struggling for
this and the entire Mexican people have
been struggling for democracy for
decades we supposedly had democracy in
the year 2000 when X coca-cola executive
Vicente Fox came into power but he you
know within a few months basically cut
deals with the old authoritarian regime
and has really failed the Mexican people
not only came but also his successor
Calderon and of course Enrique Pena
Nieto the last time five or six years
have really has really hadn't generated
a vast crisis in corruption and violence
and censorship and repression of social
movements and finally this Sunday July
1st the Mexican people have really come
up in a you know a peaceful revolution
it's really quite amazing it was amazing
to see the the poll stations this Sunday
packed with long lines of voters people
were really just fed up with this
failure of Mexican so-called democratic
transition and want to really try again
this is a real historic moment because
throughout Latin America we've been
having all this experimentation with
left-wing and progressive governments
throughout the the region from Brazil to
Salvador to Argentina Bolivia Venezuela
as they would've why and Mexico had been
left out of this pink tile and we've
been stuck with this single ideology of
neoliberal thora terrorism since 1980s
but now finally looks like we're able to
try something new
a lot of the corporate media in the
United States is referring to on low to
a Lopez Obrador
as Mexico's Trump talking about him as
an anti NAFTA populist no there's
absolutely no comparison between
Labradors and Trump Trump is a
right-wing demagogue who is quite
ignorant about both
International Affairs he's a chauvinist
he's someone who preaches hate lobster
Laura's a quite sophisticated modern
intellectual leader who is looking to
yes defend the Mexican national economy
Mexican workers he's actually prone afta
effects interesting for many years the
left in Mexico has been anti-nafta but
things have have changed he's you know
some more similar Bernie Sanders we want
to do a comparison but if you look at
Latin America would be more like Jose
Mujica or Lula da Silva Jeremy Corwin is
a great friend of lapa Schwarz oh so
that's sort of his school thought this
is it's very quite funny to see how
people think that you know anything that
questions the status quo have to be
similar and Trump and upload or have
nothing to do with each other from my
point of view Aramis and of all you are
going to be part of the government the
Controller General of Mexico you're part
of the team were you surprised by the
massive outpouring of support the the
significance of how much Lopez Obrador
won by yeah how do you mean this is a
historic moment and we are very very
happy because this this moment really
synthesized a lot of decades of
struggles in in Mexico struggles for for
human rights struggles for social
movements and also a very meaningful
struggle that we have last last years
that is the trouble for justice in a
church in Napa and I think that
everybody in Mexico is very happy of
this of this moment of this achievement
and also personally I'm very proud very
honored of being part of the team that
is going to have love is a brother to
confront corruption to to combat
corruption and and to finish with with
this important with with this problem in
in Mexico yeah they they meaningful is
is huge
the meaning is huge big
nicely because l√≥pez Obrador us as you
may know as your audience is aware has
warned in the past and in the past he
proclaimed himself as the legit is
legitimate president with no legal
response but in this moment is the
contrary he's gonna be the legal
president the president Lopez Obrador
with the highest level of legitimacy in
in in in modern history so we are all
very very happy and I'm I'm sure that we
are gonna get the goal of finished
corruption in our public life and here
amid Sandoval talk about the role of
women in the election of amla well is
very importantly the general coordinator
of his campaign of Lopez Obrador
campaign was a very prominent
entreprenuer and Tatiana true ta was the
coordinator of his campaign and the 50%
of his the cabinet that he offered is is
composed by women so I'm very proud of
that also I think that the Lopez Obrador
has the is the pole politician that has
offered the the real feminist legacy for
for Mexican politics it was when when he
was mayor of Mexico City a half of his
cabinet was confirmed it was formed by
women as well and in this occasion he's
gonna repeat this this experience in
Mexico City is elected its first female
mayor is that right Claudia shinedown
well the shame button is also a great
leader and and he's gonna be I'm sure
the best mayor of Mexico City I'd like
to ask about how president elect over
door is likely to tackle drug violence
in Mexico he spoke briefly about how he
would do this on Sunday can Vieira
la strategy Offaly de de combate la
seguridad build strategy to tackle
insecurity and violence will change more
than using force and will attack the
causes that create insecurity and
violence
now you said you that you love your
Lancia mr. convinced Evo I'm convinced
that the most efficient and most humane
way to confront these evils necessarily
demand we combat inequality and poverty
John Ackerman how exactly is Lopez
Obrador going to do this and what role
does the United States play in this as
well be changing the discourse the logic
on this we've been going through a drug
war for the last 12 years with Calderon
with Pena Nieto very much politically
motivated you know so Calderon started
this drug war put the military on the
streets in the end of 2006 in the race
in my way with you know Bush invading
Iraq to try to compensate for this lack
of legitimacy in context of electoral
fraud of 2006 and we've been with this
for the last 12 years and also from lots
of pressure from the United States to
continue on that you know decapitation
strategy which has led to a bloodbath
you know so 350,000 dead over the last
12 years
35,000 disappeared 25,000 displaced um
so now Lopez earlier was talking about
peace instead of war so that's just you
know changing the discussion now what
he's going to do
concretely he's talked about um really
going at the base of the support for the
organized crime so he's gonna offer you
know three million scholarships to youth
so that they can either have access to
higher education or begin
apprenticeships in
with businesses or on the other hand
there is also this generalized idea to
support the countryside so he wants to
sort the peasants he wants to go for
price supports for basic products from
the countryside and in general and
support and move towards a possible food
self-sufficiency in Mexico so we're not
just importing and buying it at Walmart
you know so in Mexico now that's the
second largest wal-mart country in the
world we're increasingly dependent on on
us Agri products and so you know Mexico
with this incredibly productive
countryside so you know supporting the
peasants supporting the youth that would
undercut the you know the base support
for the narcos and in general trying to
move towards a new strategy which is not
based on the militarization not fighting
fire with fire as what he says we need
to you know investigate crimes one of
the great a most important problems with
this issue is that only 9% of crimes are
even reported to the authorities that's
because the Mexican people rightly in
fact don't trust the criminal
investigators often when you report a
crime you end up being investigated
yourself because they are often in the
pocket of the criminals themselves so
you have to combat corruption create
more confidence and how people report
crimes and have those reports actually
get to on the punishments for the
criminals and so you know let's go to
the institution's go to the questions of
poverty and economic development instead
of just you know creating a increased
violent and and more scenario and here
you know the discussion yesterday with
Trump was pretty clear from what I
understand all through the transcript
we've released but no sir I was saying
this he said this before we want from
the United States we don't want to be
asked you guys to be sending us
helicopters in arms we want us have a
you know real joint of strategy for
economic development to the stop at the
routes or so that we don't have this
incredible flow of migrants and they can
make a living in Mexico themselves I
want to talk about the the level of
violence as you're talking about during
the most violent electoral season in
modern Mexican history at least 136
politicians assassinated in Mexico since
September a number of journalists also
killed in the lead-up to Sunday's
elections including the reporter jose
guadalupe Chauncy who was killed Friday
night
southern state of Quintana Roo John
Ackerman the significance of this I mean
at least seven journalists recently
killed in Mexico
not to mention this massive number of
people who want to run for elected
office yes this is a very sensitive
issue of over the last ten years we've
had a hundred journalists assassinated
and as you said during the electoral
seasons last ten months over a hundred
politicians have been assassinated I
mean this is really out of control last
year 2017 was the most violent year in
Mexico for decades even two thousand
seven eight nine the high point of the
Calderon violence didn't get this high
so this we need an urgent solution the
Mexicans are willing to play their part
the big problem that but the roots of
this problem is the the you know lack of
separation between the criminals and the
government people speak of you know a
narco-state in which the government
itself is you know in the in the in
cahoots with and participating directly
with organized crime so you know if if
my does her job you know which I'm sure
she will and other levels at the state
level governments you know really
combating corruption and separating the
the criminals from the public
functionaries I think we can actually
make a major step forward here you know
they have a real rule of law it's it's
it's you know it's not easy it's not
gonna happen one day the Mex but you
know these are the presidents of terms
of Mexico are six years long nor
election but six years long and if an
officer I thought it does what he says
it's gonna do he says he's gonna wake up
at five in the morning I see didn't as
mayor of Mexico City working five in the
morning until midnight make those six
years feel as if there were twelve we
could actually make progress in this in
this area um
Aramis Sandoval if you could talk about
immigration policy you have president
Trump sitting with the Dutch Prime
Minister in the White House last day
saying it a great half hour phone call
congratulating Lopez Obrador
and that they will work together to
enforce immigration policy that the US
has the worst immigration laws making
the u.s. the laughingstock of the world
and that on low has agreed to enforce
Mexican immigration laws which are much
better
I think that the a blow is gonna take
the approach of solving this this
problem through development he's gonna
offer economic social and cultural
development for Mexicans Mexicans need
us aspire that they want to live their
lives in in their country we think there
are their culture and with their
families and I think that that's going
to be the solution for the immigration
problem that we have with the US and and
I'm lo Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is
very clear with that in terms of combat
corruption also we are going to try to
struggle to combat impunity because
impunity is real it is really the other
side of the coin of corruption it's some
extent people are used to the levels of
corruption but what we really we cannot
deal more with with that is with
impunity and of course if we come but
impunity we will run assault and justice
we're gonna solve poverty we're gonna
also confront all the the social
troubles that generate the the highs the
high flows of migration in our country
and so corruption impunity poverty and
other social challenges we are going to
confront and John Ackerman this issue of
whether Mexico will start reporting
Central Americans for the United States
before they make it to the United States
this is already happy so so Enrique Pena
Nieto's policy along with lease bodega
is his foreign minister who has been a a
real disgrace for Mexico Mexico has
given up on on its long tradition of
sovereignty you know not sort of radical
nationalism but just you know basic
sovereignty in terms of foreign
relations in terms of control of their
own their
territory with pena nieto and vinegar I
basically they're taking orders directly
from from Trump well not even from from
from Jared Kushner and they have beefed
up the the the southern border with the
plan form theta suit and at the
migration detention centers in in Mexico
the biometric data from Central American
and even Mexican migrants are going
directly to the computers of the of the
the u.s. ice offices now obviously there
needs to be some collaboration right an
economic political we share a continent
we share a region but Mexico should you
know speaking from my from my own
personal point of view but my Mexico
should recover on some sort of basic
sovereignty and kin and and shouldn't be
acting as the you know the the border
patrol extended border control of the
United States now of course you know
that Mexico's need to you know actively
encourage migration and as it must said
I'm the Mexican themselves the plenty of
migrants United States who are who are
happy there but most people in Mexico
and many migrants in United States
themselves I mean would like to be in
their homeland would like to be able to
have you know productive jobs and and
and productive life in Mexico themselves
and with Lopez Obrador there's going to
be a lot of hope at that and so if Trump
really wants to have a good relationship
with Mexico and really wants to and stop
migration from his point of view what
would be in his interest is a wealthy
growing and safe Mexico to the to the
south of the border so you know I really
hope that the Trump opens up his eyes
sees the opportunity in Mexico today was
look before our Lord
and instead of you know grabbing Mexico
as his punching bag or Lopez or risotto
says instead of grabbing Mexico as his
pinata
you know wakes up and tries to have a
you know more respect for relationship
with Mexico and with Mexicans and I
think then we can move forward as a as a
more productive in peaceful and North
North America and l'anima I want to
thank you both for being with us John
Ackerman is editor of the Mexican Law
Review columnist for the Mexican papers
proceso and la Jornada and Irma Sandoval
is set to be Controller General in the
new government of President
Andres Manuel Lopez over there this is
democracy now when we come back
democracy now takes you to the border
over the bridges into the airports
what's happening with the separated
families with immigrants trying to apply
for political asylum stay with us
you
