[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue to look
at fallout from the women's US Open
final on Saturday where tennis superstar
Serena Williams lost to twenty-year-old
Naomi Osaka after accusing umpire carlos
ramos of sexism on monday the Women's
Tennis Association came out in support
of Williams with chief executive Steve
Simon suggesting the umpire showed a
different level of tolerance to Williams
because she's a woman
Serena Williams spoke at a news
conference after Saturday's match she
was asked why she called the umpire a
thief because he took a point from me
and after he alleged that I was cheating
and I wasn't cheating and then I had a
good conversation with him and I said
listen you know my character you know me
really well like you know that I don't
even call for encore coach I don't even
do that and he's like you know what I
understand he's like you're I don't know
if he said you're right but he
understood he's like I get what you're
saying and then when I said now and I
said it again I was like just to be
clear I can understand what you saw
because it may have looked because cuz I
look at my box it may have looked like I
was getting coaching but I'm telling you
that's not what I do and I said I'd
rather lose then have to cheat to win I
don't need to cheat to it I've won
enough and I've never that's never been
something I've ever done you know so and
he was cool he was like oh I get it and
we had this this great exchange and we
were on the same page and we understood
each other and and I felt that that was
yeah we continue our conversation now
with a mirror Rose Davis assistant
professor of history and women's gender
and sexuality studies at Penn State
University currently working on a book
entitled can't eat a medal the lives and
labors of black women athletes in the
age of Jim Crow she's co-host of the
sports podcast burn it all down
professor Davis it's great to have you
with us thank you for continuing this
conversation so let's talk about this a
step at
what Serena Williams was talking about
here with the coach and for people who
don't understand tennis the escalation
of the penalties against her the coach
the umpire first taking a point from her
well first he claimed a warning then a
point then an entire game during this
Women's Open final that she ultimately
lost yes so the coasting violation is
really what started this whole thing and
so you're allowed to have one on coach
moment during a match but Serena
Williams everly takes that and so it was
that violation that first draw her ear
towards the umpire she was on the far
side of the coach the court and her
coach was in her box her coach has since
said yeah I was coaching like every
coach does 100% of the matches and
Serena Williams may or may not have seen
him because as you see her a punch
approached the umpire the first time
she's saying we don't have a code he's
giving me a thumbs up he's encouraging
me but that's not a code and you can
hear how sensitive she is to this
allegation of cheating both her and her
sister Venus particularly care about
this perception of them and this is not
borne out of some you know paranoid
sense of people being labeled a cheater
this is because they have felt very real
ramifications people yelling at them
accusing their father of cheating this
has been a long history with them in in
this sport so there's even a clip of
Venus with the same umpire who warned
her about coaching and she's saying
you've known me you know very similar to
her sister I've been doing this for 36
years I'm not I'm not cheating I'm not a
cheater and so that's what really
started it off and as you can hear
serena saying I talked to him I said I
understand you didn't know that we
didn't have a code but I wasn't cheating
that wasn't coaching and certainly one
of the conversations that had spanned
within the tennis world is are we gonna
do something about coaching which
happens every match and is selectively
called and so it was kind of that call
at this stature of the match is what
some of the initial kind of confusion
around this point was and that's when
she received the first code violation
now out of frustration later in the
match because Naomi Osaka was absolutely
this match and played out of her mind
tennis serena was particularly mad after
a bad service game and she slammed her
racket breaking it which results in
another code violation now in Serena's
estimate after their conversation she
believed this should be a warning and
certainly for Carlos Ramos he understood
it to be her second code violation which
comes with a point penalty and that's
where this really escalates that's where
you hear some of the exchanges between
Serena and Ramos which continued to say
I didn't do that you owe me apology I am
NOT cheating
you stole points for me and we only hear
Serena's side of it because the mics
don't pick up for instance Ramos tale of
that conversation but we know that it
continues to escalate up until the point
where she says injure athief and at that
point carlos assesses the third
violation which for a third code
violation is a game penalty and he does
it for verbal abuse and at that point in
the match it's a critical point where at
the time it was 4:3 with Serena
intentionally serving to tie up the game
and with the point in violet with the
game violation it went to 5-3 putting
Naomi Osaka just one game away from the
title which she would eventually go on
to win so he penalized her after the
point he penalized her a whole game now
compare compare Amira
her treatment to the treatment of male
tennis players yeah and I think you can
even hear on court saying why am I being
treated like this particularly here she
has a long history with the US Open and
I think one of the things you see in her
postgame conference is addressing this
very issue that she's heard male tennis
players say a lot worse even sometimes
to this particular umpire without being
handed a game penalty and certainly male
players have come out in defense Andy
Murray James Blake have said I've done
loads worse than that and there's clips
online where you can see even over the
past year male players particularly with
Carlos Ramos who is the kind of stickler
for the rules but having exchanges with
him that includes profanity that
includes direct high reads at him in
which he's either been has
to assess harsher penalties or given
them a kind of verbal warning letting
them know how you're approaching the
line where you're going to get assessed
a penalty and I think part of the
conversation that Serena is generating
is what our male players allowed to do
what is the leeway given to them if they
have an outburst is it seen as they're
just passionate they're just frustrated
and therefore let's tell them they're
approaching the line they need to calm
down before changing the game in this
way and I think her feeling and
certainly everybody who's come out in
support of her is that the the leeway
that she had to have those emotions was
very tight and as she kept escalating it
in Ramos kept escalating it what
resulted in was a very swift game
penalty at a critical juncture of the
match and I think that that is really
surprising and that's that's pretty rare
I mean you think of people like whoa
going way back John McEnroe I mean a
celebrated bad-boy tennis player and the
kind of abuse that he's just spewed at
these umpires precisely and I think you
hit the nail on the head when you said
he's the tennis this bad boy there's a
way in which male athletes who do behave
like that are still seen as like oh
they're just the bad boys but it doesn't
they don't get questions in press
conferences about how their behavior how
are they're gonna explain their behavior
to their daughter for instance and so
you can see in the presser those lines
of questioning this this idea that she
was acting without grace or class and
somehow that takes away from the game in
a way that male athletes in that moment
are seen as like okay they're the bad
boys of tennis but they're playing with
passion and I think that that's one of
the responses is one of the reasons
Billie Jean King has weighed in or the
WTI has weighed in and said yeah I feel
like there's a stricter guideline for
behavior for dress that women players
have to adhere to
hmm I want to turn to the emotional
postgame ceremony sorry Serena Williams
trying to calm the crowd as it booed her
loss but of course that comes out as
booing nail
me Osaka so here you have Serena
Williams offering comfort to this
visibly upset winner Naomi Osaka who
just become the first Japanese born
player she's a Japanese Haitian American
to win a Grand Slam final
[Applause]
[Applause]
I know that everyone was changed returns
sorry at 10 like this
[Applause]
thank you for watching the match
[Music]
well it was always my dream to play
Serena and the universal for the finals
so I'm really glad that I was able to do
that and I'm really grateful I was able
to play with
[Music]
[Applause]
so there they are Serena Williams
comforting the winner Naomi Osaka and
Naomi Osaka an amazing woman in her own
right and she's saying this has always
been my dream she says she played tennis
because of her Serena Williams
inspiration Amira Rose Davis talked
about this moment in and let's not
forget it Arthur Ashe Stadium at the US
Open and then the history of this young
tennis player who's just won the US Open
naomi osaka'
yeah and that's part of the sadness of
this whole mess is that it really
overshadowed such brilliant tennis by
Naomi and a dominant Grand Slam final
she was played amazing and so it was so
emotionally charged and you can hear
Naomi one of the things that she's
saying over and over again is how much
she looks up to Serena she beat her of
course back in Miami earlier this year
and Iommi is very you know affected by
this and she says as a fan I wanted her
to get that twenty fourth title and so
there's a lot of emotion that goes into
this you can hear her apologize this is
something she also has done at the
Australian Open beating a crowd favorite
there but she is that fierceness on an
composure on the court however is what
helps her through in on the court but I
think that there is such a significance
here this is the second straight year
we've had all black women in the final
last year Sloane Stephens and Madison
keys and I think there's also points to
blackness in the Diaspora this idea that
Naomi Osaka born in Japan to a Japanese
mother and a Haitian father a father who
used Richard Williams blueprint of
getting his black daughter into tennis
and having being on Arthur Ashe Court
and embracing and like Naomi said I felt
like a kid again and I think that
there's a lot of symbolism in that
embrace and and really also a passing to
the future naomi is very much the future
of this sport and I think that's really
significant I also think that despite
playing on Arthur Ashe Court and despite
having two black women in the final
the reason one of the things you can
hear serena saying is why does this
happen to me here and that is speaking
to a legacy at the US Open in particular
that hasn't been the most friendly space
to her now certainly people might
remember and want to bring up her
particular altercation with a lines
judge but there was also a match even
before that where her calls were so bad
that the US Open actually had to issue
her apology a formal apology for the way
that her game was called versus other
games because it was outside of the norm
and sort of think about what that means
to be playing the Grand Slam on what
should be your home court and have that
be a more hostile place than say playing
at Wimbledon or at the French Open and I
think that in and of itself is really
indicative of part of this problem which
is that you have two women who are
feeling both crowd love but certainly
relegated to continued perpetual
outsider status even when you have
people like the Williams sisters who
have been in the game who have made the
game go to the height that it is in many
regards but still things like this
happen that I think puts them right back
in the mindset of Venus when she's 16
and her beads flying out of her hair and
she gets called for a code violation for
interference and she's just as
frustrated and so I think that that is
what I read into that moment when they
embraced it was just it was super
significant and also carried with it a
long legacy of black women in tennis
professor Davis the issue of the erasing
of Naomi's Haitian identity I think if a
lot of people were just reading about
this they wouldn't even realize she was
black that she was also Haitian right
and not only for her you know Naomi will
not let you forget that there's many
clips of her telling reporters who want
to ask her questions about how she
navigates dual citizenship between Japan
and the United States she moved to the
United States when she was three and
Naomi is very good about saying well yes
I am part of both of those cultures but
also I grew up in a Haitian household or
shall say my dad is Haitian so represent
and I think that that's really powerful
she is somebody who will not permit
the ratio of her blackness and despite
her best efforts I think in the wake of
this we've seen a bit of a ratio whether
it's the line continuing to celebrate
that she's the first Japanese born
player to win a grand sim final or as I
mentioned the viol cartoon in The Herald
Sun that almost whitewashes Naomi and
puts her in the background in a victim
sort of role and pits her against arena
when everything that these women have
said to each other about each other the
embrace they have they are not at odds
in this they are both kind of United in
in the future of the game hmm I wanted
to go to a cartoon you referenced in
part one of our conversation this
Australian cartoonists coming under fire
for his racist sexist depiction of
Serena Williams published Monday in
Rupert Murdoch's herald-sun tabloid the
cartoon by mark night shows Williams
having a tantrum on the court at the US
Open after she lost to Naomi Osaka
nights drawings been compared to racist
Jim Crow era and cartoons
illustrations ubiquitous during the US
Jim Crow era and Williams is drawn with
exaggerated features large lips stomping
on a tennis racket while pacifier lies
on the court lays on the court in the
background the umpire Carlos Ramos s a
petite blonde
Naomi Osaka can you just let her win the
cartoon has been widely condemned by
artists activists civil rights leaders
National Association of Black
Journalists called the illustration
repugnant take the Santa Mira yeah and
so one of the things is the illustrator
has doubled down and said there's
nothing about race or sex going on in
this cartoon and I think that the
critique of this is spot-on it's an
awful awful drawing and I don't even
like to see in circulation to put that
in people's you know I sighed on their
feeds Naomi Osaka is certainly
whitewashed now she does have blonde
tips but you'll notice her skin is light
and Serena Williams is drawn out of size
that her lips are full it does look like
a cartoon and I think it also
plays out this trope of aggressive black
womanhood
angry black woman stereotype that
unfortunately many drew embodiment from
over the weekend during serving this
frustration in her outburst but I think
that that cartoon in and of itself is
emblematic of so much of the reason why
this conversation occurs around Serena
because she's acted as a conduit for
these conversations about race and
insects together
her body is often scrutinized whether
it's comparing her to a man saying she's
too muscular
whether it's policing her curves or as
we just saw the French Open banning her
catsuit which was also working as a way
to control for pulmonary embolisms that
she has faced in the past and certainly
almost killed her after the birth of her
daughter and that kind of scrutiny on
her body and the ways in which her body
has come under this kind of criticism
for somehow transgressing the sport for
being too big too strong too muscular
too black part of what is so harmful and
hurtful about this cartoon is that it
plays like completely on that trope
while invoking imagery from the Jim Crow
era that was used historically to depict
African Americans I mean and this issue
for people who are following the sport
after she played in that what's called a
catsuit the French Open saying they're
gonna ban that as you said she also said
it was for medical purposes to stop her
blood clots and the fact that she is a
mother who just recently had a child who
makes it to the finals of the US Open is
astounding yes it certainly is it's been
a remarkable comeback and I think that
even with the catsuit ban it wasn't the
ban
necessarily in and of itself which was
outrageous but it was that the word
choice used to describe it which is this
idea that somehow that was disrespecting
the game and it came just mere days
before Ali's Cornette who's a French
player was penalized again for taking
her shirt off very quickly after a heat
break when she realized it was on
backwards
whereas we just even saw this weekend
male players who sit bare chest
for you know many minutes courtside
without any warnings or anything even
being said to them so I think that's one
of the reasons why this conversation has
dovetailed with that one which is is
there this kind of double standard
that's perpetuated within tennis and
Serena Williams has in Venus has been on
the front lines of moving this
conversation forward it was Venus
Williams with the aid of Billie Jean
King who for instance got equal pay at
Wimbledon so there's a long history of
the Williams sisters using their
platform in in pushing for gender
equality in the sport of tennis now i
want to go to colin kaepernick and of
course there's a direct connection Nike
of course choosing the former San
Francisco 49ers quarterback to be the
face of it's just do it campaign in 2016
Kaepernick began protesting police
brutality and racism by taking a knee
during the anthem before NFL games
sparking this ongoing league wide
protests that continued to this day so
many football players taking the knee
but Kaepernick was not resigned to the
49ers after the 2016 season and what was
seen as retaliation for his activism
last week he posted an image from the
Nike campaign which reads believe in
something even if it means sacrificing
everything just do it Serena Williams
was asked last week about Kaepernick
becoming the face of Nikes recent
