now we're going to turn to a clip of
Bobby Seale speaking in Chicago in 1968
outside the Democratic convention during
the that was Bobby Seale the founding
chairman of the Black Panther Party
speaking at the one of the
demonstrations in the early days of the
Chicago Democratic National Convention
protest and I want to welcome Bobby
Seale to the program Bobby one of the
parts of the history of the Chicago
demonstrations that's left out is that
it wasn't just young white people
obviously the Black Panther Party was
involved the young Lords of Chicago were
involved as well in the protests could
you talk about the how the various
groups managed to come together outside
the Democratic National Convention that
year we were all about coalition
politics anyway this is one of the
factors that I injected into my
organization relative to dr. Martin
Luther King the dr. Reverend Ralph
Abernathy calling me before dr. King was
killed to help join with him and them to
do the poor people's March for greater
economic rights coalition politics was
the main character of where we were
coming from so the court so the the
young Lords etc and others I mean the
the real rainbow coalition started with
the Black Panther Party and the young
Lords and the young pages young Patriots
were young white white white students
out of the Appalachian Mountains and the
mining companies etc and we were all
coal dust all the ethnic groups etc and
that's where we were coming from but
when I spoke at Lincoln Park one of the
things I stated there because I had seen
on television before I arrived there
that it was a police riot and I was
telling them that power of the people is
the ability to define phenomena then in
turn make it act in a desired manner so
the phenomena of the racist police
coming upon you peaceful protesters on
an arm at cetera and beating on you
you're gonna have to try to struggle and
move around and try to see if you can
grab that billy club out of one of his
hand
and beat them back therefore making them
act in a desired manner my point was
that itself when I made that statement
they had pulled me back up to the
Chicago trial a year later and the DA
tried to say you meant killed the police
right Bobby says no I meant defend
ourselves you know but my point is the
whole mess of even charging with us me
and others with interstate
transportation you know was based on the
rap Brown law you know to me that had
been pigeon-holed but after dr. King was
killed so many rides happened the
Congress pulled it out and made it a law
you can't use interstate transportation
or use interstate highways to cross
state
with the intent to incite a riot I spoke
at Lincoln Park next day I work at Grant
Park across the street from the Conrad
Hilton Hotel half the people of the for
five hundred people that may have those
people were all in suits like they were
delegates you know to the convention
nobody ride it you know to me and then
of course I left and went back to went
back to Oakland California organizing
chapters and branches around the country
of my organization I want to read from a
December 1968 copy of Life magazine on
the police violence during Chicago in
the protests against the DNC the cover
of the issue reads quote Walker report
discloses the police rioted at the
diamond at the Democratic convention an
article in the issue quotes a police
transmission that captured what police
officer said on their radios quote we've
got an injured hippie
that's no emergency kick the f er knock
his teeth out just an example of what
was going on then now Bobby you didn't
get arrested there at the convention
right you were there for the first two
days in fact you were a last minute
standing for Eldridge Cleaver is that
right why did you come to Chicago yeah
well that was the reason such a Eldridge
Cleaver's parole officer would not let
him leave the state of California so
elders called me up and ramparts
magazine Way worked at the time and
asked me to take his place so I called
all my people etcetera to get some
airline tickets what have you at cetera
and we flew to Chicago because I went
there with an entourage
you know the mainland cetera in fact we
were armed you know those are the days
we could still we could still carry guns
on the plane you know what I mean and a
lot of times we moved around very armed
because we had over 3 or 3 and a half
thousand threatening letters over the
years that I had given to my lawyers to
make sure because the level could tell
when they were gonna attack us and stuff
like this here but I'm just saying to be
when I was arrested I was arrested for
New Haven
Connecticut the other trial I was out on
but I was out on bail for the Chicago
trial and they arrested me at another
point and when the trial came I'm in
jail the whole period of the trial that
I was there the seven months that I was
protesting in the courtroom and the
other seven defendants are not in jail
because they they are you know they want
they didn't have a capital charge like I
had you say in New Haven Connecticut I
also I just want to go back to that
because you've mentioned the trial I
mean this was an enormous deal for
especially for young people who aren't
aware of what took place in 1970 again
you arrested months after the protests
and charged with conspiring to riot
Bobby and you were part of the Chicago
eight explain what it was from the case
I was severed from the case but I was in
jail for another Chuck I was never in
jailed for Chicago the charges of
Chicago I never had to go to jail I
posted bail when they first charged me I
was never arrested in jail
I returned from Scandinavia I returned
from Scandinavian I was twelve days in
Scandinavian Norway Sweden Finland what
have youd cetera speaking and lecturing
and while I was there the indictment
against me came down I was very shocked
when I hit Finland because people kept
telling me and it was probably under
kundur ground CIA agents in all these
places I spoke since where are you gonna
go are you gonna go to Helsinki Finland
I said yeah well you know when you get
to Helsinki Finland you only 125 miles
from Leningrad boom I says later I ain't
arrested in Atlanta Greg because I
wasn't I didn't like the USSR at all
because even when I got there they
interviewed me some press conference at
some Parliament place
and I did not care for the state control
command economy socialism concepts
related to I like democratic democratic
socialism concepts rather than that but
I'm just saying but when you were in
actually in the trial when you were in
the courtroom explain what happened
explain what judge Hoffman did in having
you bound to a chair and gagged well he
challenged him to be bound after seven
six weeks of protesting in the courtroom
what I was protesting was is that I had
put a motion in before the trial started
in jail in other words I got the right
to call my lawyer Charles Garry who was
in the hospital the judge was trying to
push Cutler on me but when I got my
lawyers to dictate to me over the phone
I wrote I wrote out the motion with
carbon copies and then when they brought
me into court before the trial actually
started I asked a step to the lecture to
read a motion and I did to the right to
defend myself instead of its own and
cetera and the judge denied it and then
we get in an argument the sixth
amendment of the Constitution United
States of America say I have a legal
right to charge my choice of my lawyer
and you cannot push cutter on me so that
became part of my strategy against the
very trial while at the same time
remember I'm charged with conspiracy to
commit murder which is a trumped-up FBI
operation in Connecticut that I have to
later face after I've finished in
Chicago trial that's the reason I'm in
jail I'm not in jail because of Chicago
I'm just saying
so I argued in the courtroom every time
every time my name was mentioned I would
jump up and interrupt the whole thing I
object my lawyers not here he's
mentioning my name sit down mr. seal the
judge would say and I would says no and
I would argue and then the I remember
the judge one time says you talk to the
court record and ask did she get that I
says yes I said did you get mine's too
ma'am she says yes I says thank you very
much and then turn it right back around
and told us you a racist of fascists and
a bigot you know so that was the
argument with me and I run that all the
way through ultimately those ten chimp
cards and everything was totally thrown
out in fact everybody who was convicted
they even convicted the lawyers of
contempt etc for us but when it got to
the highest Circuit Court House circuit
courts do all that crap out just years
Huffman's violated all our rights
another man and then the last day of
gagging I was bound up my head the only
thing you could see is my eyes and my
nose I was bound up with ace bandages
you know the age band you put around the
knees when you playing basketball all
the stuff that tighten up - that's what
I was and then right around here all the
arteries that's going down and they
brought me in the courtroom my arms and
strapped down onto the water my legs are
strapped to the lit to the legs of the
big heavy wooden share the last day of
gagging and when I got it I mean I was
losing blood pressure circulation and he
caused a big commotion in the room and
then the justice will take him out and
they tried to pick me up in this heavy
chair of three guards and the big guard
still beat me in the head
Jerry Rubin jumped up out of his chair
Abby jump - by the a chair trying to
help me
guards slammed them back in their chair
I'm trying to turn my hand over my right
hand over to get my to get my get my
fingers up to the top of the gag and
then into the other garment turn my hand
down and then hit me and knocked me back
you know and stuff like I said they were
literally brutalized me then they lost
balance with this chair two guards in
the back and when two big guard in front
and then they start stumbling and then
against the wall were two rows of
artists and wooden metal folding chairs
and the chair fell into all of those
chairs and I'm on my back and then and I
get up and I get to go down and then I
shouted out because this big guard had
fell on me and his elbow hit me right in
the testicles and I shouted out you hit
me in my balls
MF you know it's a shocked him right in
the courtroom now that's not that
there's a hundred people in this
courtroom one side is all the straight
people the other side because all of us
hippies hippies are rainbow coalition of
everything black pastors whoever it said
and that was it and they're taking me
out into the lockup just outside the
courtroom and I'm telling these guards
I'm gonna take all you to court you
violated the Eighth Amendment of the
Constitution subjected me to cruel and
unusual punishment beat me take you and
judge you just half minutes ever to
court do you know what happened that
court recorder first had typed Bobby
Seale saying you hit me in my did with
my testicles to shout out judge Judy's
Hoffman had that court record to change
that and she says put it in put it in a
mud form of Jerry Rubin Stan don't hit
me in my testicles you know etc and
that's that's really it well we're gonna
break but we're going to come back to
this discussion
Bobby Seale describing what happened to
him in the canoe cago a conspiracy trial
he was severed from that trial when he
was bound and gagged on the orders of
the judge in the Chicago 8 trial he was
the only african-american defendant and
it wasn't lost on people as he was tied
to that chair ultimately all the charges
were dropped against everyone when we
come back we continue with the former
co-founder of the Black Panther Party
Bobby Seale speaking to us from Oakland
and Bill Ayers as well as Bernardine
Dohrn both were members of SDS students
for a Democratic Society and would later
go underground
The Weather Underground this is
democracy now back with all in a minute
you
