this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman president Donald Trump
is in Vietnam to attend the asia-pacific
Economic Cooperation summit known as
APEC and discuss trade with leaders of
21 member countries the visit is part of
his five nation tour in Asia hours after
leaving China Trump took the stage of
the APEC summit and gave an address that
criticized China's lack of a balanced
trade relationship with the United
States and condemned the multilateral
Accords pursued by past precedents for
many years the United States
systematically opened our economy with
few conditions we lowered or ended
tariffs reduce trade barriers and
allowed foreign goods to flow freely
into our country but while we lowered
market barriers other countries didn't
open their markets to us funny they must
have been one of the beneficiaries
simply put we have not been treated
fairly by the World Trade Organization
organizations like the WTO can only
function properly when all members
follow the rules and respect the
sovereign rights of every member we
cannot achieve open markets if we do not
ensure fair market access I do not blame
China or any other country of which
there are many for taking advantage of
the United States on trade if their
representatives are able to get away
with it they are just doing their jobs
I wish previous administration's in my
country so what was happening and did
something about it
immediately after President Trump made
his addressed Chinese President Xi
Jinping took the stage to deliver a
starkly contrasting speech that called
for more
global trade agreements the Chinese
leader also said he supports the Paris
climate Accord we have seen a profound
change in economic globalization over
the last few decades economic
globalization has contributed
significantly to global growth indeed it
has become an irreversible historical
trend in the face of deep changes in the
global economy does the asia-pacific
region have the bravery to face the wave
of reform and innovation or do we
hesitate should we steer economic
globalization or should we do there in
the face of challenges should we jointly
advance regional cooperation or should
we go our separate ways
shortly before Trump arrived in Danang
Vietnam where the APEC summit is taking
place the White House announced he will
not have a formal meeting with Russian
President Vladimir Putin who is also in
town to attend the APEC summit a US
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said
Thursday a meeting between the two
leaders would depend on if they had
quote sufficient substance to talk about
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders said the leaders may
meet at an upcoming regional conference
in the Philippines
she also said they might have an
informal meeting in Danang this comes as
Trump said Thursday after meetings with
China's president that he wants Russia's
help in getting North Korea to give up
its nuclear weapons Trump spent much of
his trip in Asia focused on North Korea
he told leaders of South Korea's
government Wednesday that the United
States stands ready to attack North
Korea over its nuclear weapons program
while in Korea Trump attempted to visit
the Demilitarized Zone
but his fleet of helicopters that
included the press was turned back
because of bad weather Trump's first
stop on his Asia trip took him to Japan
where he said Japan could shoot North
Korean missiles out of the sky with
military equipment bought from the US
japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a has
responded his country could intercept
missiles if necessary and said he's
looking into the deal president Trump
was pushing bill
ian's of dollars of weapons on japan
well for more were joined in Chicago by
Bruce Cummings professor of history at
the University of Chicago just returned
from Seoul South Korea last evening he's
the author of several books on Korea
including Korea's place in the Sun of
modern history and North Korea another
country
professor Cummings welcome back to
Democracy Now can you talk about how
President Trump was met in South Korea
where you also were well president Trump
was given a red carpet treatment by the
government just as he was in Japan and
China but there were large protests
right outside the American Embassy which
is in downtown Seoul there were maybe
over a thousand protesters and entirely
against Trump saying particularly no war
I was really struck by the violence of
emotion on that particular issue Koreans
are under the threat of war of course
from North Korea the DMZ is just 35
miles from Seoul and that's been the
case for decades and decades but Trump
has has raised an immediate issue of
attacking North Korea as you just said
and I I've never experienced the kind of
emotion that I saw both in the protests
and in the conference that I attended
people in the audience were standing up
and saying things like Trump is 10 times
more dangerous than Kim jong-un and then
everybody clapped but it's remarkable
that Trump you know he's running through
East and Southeast Asia talking about
North Korea but he only spent a little
over a day in Korea and instead is
discussing Korean problems with Prime
Minister Abbey in Tokyo and and
President Xi in China he manages to
denigrate South Korea without even
trying
he told Abby over the phone some weeks
ago that the South Korean president was
engaged in appeasement and I I just
think the relations between South Korea
and the United States are bad and their
problem
probably going to get worse well I just
wanted to turn to some of the protests
you described as hundreds gathered as
Trump toured the US Army base camp
humphreys we do not want Trump to visit
South Korea because he keeps on talking
about war in the Korean Peninsula and
putting pressure on commerce and forcing
weapons trading how can we welcome
someone like this to Pyong Tech and
South Korea so Bruce Cummings if you
could respond to that and also if you
think Trump changed his tone from
talking about little rocket man and
talking about you know the fire and fury
bringing that down on the 25 million
North Koreans to well taking a different
approach maybe in fact more cutting for
the North Korean leader talking about
his grandfather and his father well I I
think Trump modulated his violent
rhetoric while he was in Korea that's
the least he could do I didn't see
anything in what Trump said that
indicated a diplomatic approach in the
wings a diplomatic approach to North
Korea essentially he said almost nothing
when he was in Korea and nothing that
was newsworthy I thought it was
interesting that his staff told
everybody that Trump wasn't going to go
to the DMZ because that's become a
cliche for American presidents and then
yesterday he tried to you know get in
his helicopter and fly up to the DMZ for
to look tough in the face of the North
Koreans but it was a very foggy day and
he couldn't land as you said just to say
they actually flew five minutes outside
of the DMZ not only marine one president
Trump's helicopter but the press
following and then they were stopped
many might call it poetic justice by the
climate well it's it is a cliche where
American presidents glare in to the
north and flex their muscles the vice
president pence has already been there
doing
that it's to me it's just a symbol of
the immobility of American policy toward
Korea going back 60 years now the DMZ
was formed in 1953 we have just an
armistice that ended the Korean War in
that year and it would be a major step
forward if the US would at least tried
to get together with North Korea and
China and put an end to the state of war
I was going to say about his trip to the
military base in Pyeongtaek that's
that's the largest American military
base in the world outside the United
States the US has operational control in
a crisis of 650,000 South Korean
soldiers and yet National Security
Council head mr. general McMaster chided
South Korea for not protecting its
sovereignty over a deal that South Korea
made with China just before Trump showed
up I think that's probably probably the
most important thing regarding South
Korea that happened on this trip China
and South Korea agreed that there would
be no more bad anti-missile batteries
installed in South Korea and the South
Korean president said explicitly that he
would not join an alliance of the u.s.
and Japan whether it's targeted at China
or anybody else and he pointedly said
the u.s. is an ally we have a mutual
defense treaty with Korea Japan is not
an ally and then he or his staff brought
a comfort woman 88 years old in other
words a sex slave of the Japanese army
to meet with Trump when he was in Korea
so the Japanese weren't too happy about
that but it's absolutely ridiculous that
the u.s. keeps trying to knock together
a tripartite alliance between Japan
Korea and the United States when
relations between Japan and Korea are
still as bad as they are and Japan is
never really issued a proper apology for
putting more than 100,000 Korean women
into sex slavery and can you talk about
both the role of China when it comes to
North Korea and also the role of Russia
it's not exactly clear if President
Trump will be meeting with Vladimir
Putin and Danang Vietnam at the APEC
summit there's been a lot of controversy
swirling around it they said he was
going to and now they're saying it'll be
an informal kind of poolside meeting but
you don't usually hear Russia talked
about very much with North Korea what
role does Russia play well I mean it's
absurd to say that Trump and Putin don't
have anything substantive to talk about
they have about 15 substantive things
they could talk about but anyway Russia
actually has better relations with North
Korea right now than China does Putin
has been trying to say some I think
fairly level-headed things about the
situation particularly that no matter
how much you sanction North Korea the
North Koreans are gonna eat grass before
they give up their nuclear weapons which
is exactly right the sanctions have
never worked you know North Korea has
been sanctioned since early 1950 before
the Korean War most of your listeners
you know but weren't alive then maybe
their parents weren't alive then just
constant sanctions slapping on more
sanctions North Korea gets its back to
the wall which is what the situation
they deal with best and over time it
turns out nothing happens in terms of
the sanctions actually yielding positive
results
North Korea's relationship with China is
about as bad as it's ever been
these were very close allies for decades
during the Korean War and and the Cold
War thereafter kim ill sung and his son
were very close to top chinese leaders
but kim jong-un has not met
she didn't thing hasn't been invited to
Beijing which used to be a ritual for a
new North Korean leader and the Chinese
have been trying to send an envoy to
Pyongyang for weeks and Pyongyang keeps
saying you know stay home we know what
you're gonna say North Korea looks at
China as basically ganging up on it with
the United States and and the US has
this fantasy that somehow China is going
to be able to turn the screws hard
enough on North Korea that North Korea
will yell uncle and give up its nuclear
weapons that's never going to happen but
it reflects the the poor understanding
in Washington the poor understanding of
sino North Korean relations China's
never going to do anything that would
seriously threaten the stability of that
regime how close do you think the u.s.
is to nuclear war with North Korea
professor Cummings well I was asked that
by people in Korea who have a little bit
more interest in the subject than we do
although probably their missiles can
reach here in Chicago I you know I've
been thinking about this question for
six months and I can't believe anyone in
their right mind would want to launch a
pre-emptive attack either to take out if
it could be done North Korea's nuclear
weapons and missiles or to decapitate
the regime which we talked about or
which the Pentagon and inside the
beltway people talk about is if that
would be great if we keep get away with
it it's of course completely in
violation of international law to do
something like that a nuclear war
between North Korea and the United
States would devastate the region but
more than that it would probably lead to
at least two years of nuclear winter
where the debris swirling around the
planet in the atmosphere would make it
impossible to grow crops anyone who
talks about nuclear war in this day and
age with all we know about nuclear
whitter and the terrible effects of
nuclear weapons is basically a war
criminal in my view nuclear weapons
should never be used and especially to
see a president of the United States go
to the United Nations and threaten to
destroy North Korea I mean that was just
nauseating and one thing he forgot since
he knows no history is we already did
that during the Korean War we raised
every North Korean city to the ground
with fire bombing and incendiaries and
it still didn't work they still fought
us to a stalemate there's no military
solution in Korea we should have
recognized that in 1953 what is being
eviscerated right now is the State
Department it doesn't get as much
attention but there have been alarms
going off for a while now that the
diplomatic or the highest levels of the
State Department are basically people
are leaving they're not being replaced
can you talk about what would be a
diplomatic solution what you could see
that President Trump certainly has not
gone down the path of but also President
Obama before that what could lead to
peace and Korea and would it mean a
united Korea north and south well I mean
Trump went to East Asia without an
undersecretary or whatever they call it
assistant secretary for East Asian
affairs which is the highest position
for that region in the State Department
I don't think there's ever been a
president on an East Asian trip without
that crucial position being filled
Tillerson doesn't even care about the
State Department in spite of being the
head of the State Department and you're
right I mean it's been gutted the
expertise is just flying out the window
on any number of issues
what would solve the Korean problem and
it's important to say you know to put
this alongside the horrible specter of
nuclear war is for the u.s. to agree to
freeze its own huge military exercises
in South Korea in return for a freeze on
North Korean testing of its missiles and
atomic bombs
that's a so-called freeze for freeze
proposal that for example former
Secretary of Defense William Perry
supports the Chinese supported it's not
clear that the North Koreans supported
what we haven't
ride and then once that freezes in place
to open diplomatic relations with North
Korea it's important to understand that
diplomacy is not something you do among
friends although you do it
diplomacy arose in world history to deal
with enemies we've had no diplomatic
relations with North Korea for 72 years
and it hasn't heard them any more than
the sanctions or expect them but it is
something that could easily be remedied
if the u.s. sent an ambassador to
Pyongyang whereupon we might finally get
some influence over this regime they
have wanted diplomatic relations with
the United States for 25 years and mr.
Perry when he was running the so called
Perry process for Bill Clinton knew
negotiations and diplomacy with North
Korea from 1998 to 2000 said you know
two things that are absolutely true one
we should establish diplomatic relations
with Pyongyang and number two their
nuclear weapons and missiles are for
deterrence and if I can just say one
more thing about that in the middle of
this summer the North Koreans started
saying and Kim jong-un said this that
they're building their deterrent toward
an endpoint that is approaching soon in
other words an endpoint that would allow
them to feel comfortable that they have
a significant deterrent but they're not
going to go ahead and build an entire
arsenal of ICBMs and nuclear weapons
they want to be able to defend
themselves and that was a clear signal
finally picked up by Joel wit in The New
York Times yesterday a clear signal that
North Korea would like to get involved
in diplomacy once it feels that its
deterrent is secure they have not tested
any missiles or bombs now for two months
or almost two months I think the last
one it was September 15 so that's also a
signal that they're ready for diplomacy
well and when you put those relatively
modest steps alongside the catastrophic
nature of a new war in Korea it just
seems to me the overwhelming choice is
to start talking to North Korea and stop
treating them like a criminal and a
pariah and calling them names which only
has the effect of verifying to the North
Korean public that their leadership has
been right all along the u.s. just wants
to destroy North Korea
Bruce Cummings I want to thank you for
being with us just back from Seoul South
Korea professor of history at University
of Chicago author of a number of books
on Korea like Korea's placed in the
Sunnah modern history in North Korea
another country 60% of the State
Department's equivalent of four-star
generals are gone according to new data
from the American foreign service
Association the professional
organization for America's diplomatic
corps the numbers reveal American
diplomacy the backbone of u.s. global
influence is in a state of near collapse
this is democracy now when we come back
President Trump after Vietnam will go to
the Philippines before coming home stay
with us
