[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report as we continue
with part two of our conversation with
dr. Harry Edwards the architect of the
Olympic project for Human Rights in 1968
the famous Black Power salute in Mexico
City and longtime consultant to the San
Francisco 49ers well on Sunday night the
Philadelphia Eagles stunned the sports
world by beating the New England
Patriots in Minneapolis with a 41 to 33
win in Super Bowl 50 - the first ever
Super Bowl title for the Eagles the game
captain historic season for the National
Football League in which African
American player staged league-wide
protests against racial injustice and
police brutality by taking the knee
during the national anthem before games
well dodged the order the automobile
makers receiving criticism for a Super
Bowl ad that used a speech by Martin
Luther King jr. to pitch it's Ram trucks
exactly 50 years to the day before
yesterday's Super Bowl on February 4th
1968 Martin Luther King jr. preached his
the drum major instinct sermon from the
pulpit of Ebenezer Baptist Church the
sermon is mostly remembered for the way
Keane concluded it by imagining his own
funeral downplaying his famous
achievements and saying quote if you
want to say that I was a drum major say
that I was a drum major for justice the
Dodge commercial featured a different
part of the speech while video included
US Marines ranchers and a soldier
wearing camouflage played over Kings
voice wonderful
if you want to be
[Music]
but recognize that he who is greatest
among you shall be your servant
[Music]
position of greatness it means that
everybody can be great
[Music]
only
[Music]
generated by love well in that same
speech that dodge used dr. Martin Luther
King warned the drum major instinct
which is a desire to be important and
seek recognition which advertisers take
advantage of the presence of this
instinct explains why we are so often
taken by advertisers you know those
gentlemen of massive verbal persuasion
and they have a way of saying things to
you that kind of get you in the bind in
order to be a man of distinction you
must drink this whiskey in order to make
your neighbors envious you must drive
this type of car in order to be lovely
to love you must wear this kind of
lipstick er this kind of perfume and you
know before you know it you just behind
that stuff that's the way to advertise
it it often causes us to little above
our mean there's nothing but the drum
major instinct you ever see people buy
cars that they can't even begin to buy
in terms of the income you've seen
people running around in Cadillacs and
Chrysler Huell aren't enough to have a
good T model for what entropy if thieves
are repressed eagle so that was dr. King
giving his speech 50 years ago on
February 4th 1968 as we continue our
conversation with dr. Harry Edwards
professor emeritus sociology University
of California Berkeley deeply involved
with sports revolts and movements author
of the book which was just reissued this
year the revolt of the black athlete
your thoughts on that ad which I assume
you saw on Sunday night taking Kings
words with images of war
soldiers over them well I work with dr.
King he endorsed the Olympic project for
Human Rights and I met with him a couple
of times about that movement when I saw
that advertisement
last night I was appalled I think that
to reduce dr. King's message especially
in this climate in this country in under
the circumstances that exist now in
terms of not just african-american but
immigrant women's circumstances and so
forth to reduce dr. King's message to a
ploy to pedal trucks I think is
appalling I think that to pimp dr.
King's message in that regard in this
day and age under the circumstances that
exist given what we're up against as a
people and where we looked like we might
be headed as a nation is absolutely
despicable but as appalled as I am about
the advertisers use of it I'm even more
appalled that about the fact that
somebody had to sign off on it
they didn't just go into a record store
or go online and pick up dr. King's
Speech and put it the voiceover on that
advertisement without somebody
associated with the king of state
signing off on it and I think that it's
just appalling that dr. King his words
his wisdom his critically important
message at this time would be allowed to
be pimped in that fashion in order to
peddle Goods well you know Harry as I
had the same feeling when I saw the ad
I'd say because I it's well known that
the King family King dr. King's children
are very protective of the use of his
image and of his uh of his legacy and
interestingly I heard on the radio this
morning one of the commercial radio
stations a member of the King family
seeking to defend that ad and saying
that it was really in the spirit of dr.
King's legacy and but it seemed to me as
you say
very crass to take a social justice
leader and turn him into a basically a
pitchman for four cars well it's not
just that he was turned into a pitchman
is that at a time when we should be
studying dr. King's message and studying
his words and this critically important
historical era when we're on the verge
of massive changes in virtually every
institutional arena to have watered down
any aspect of his message to the point
that it becomes an advertising ploy
I think degrades both the wisdom of the
message and the urgency what dr. King
referred to as the fierce urgency of now
at one time I think it waters down all
of that and to sign off on something
like that I think is is despicable there
are people who are in control of his
estate they most certainly can do
whatever they want to do but in doing it
I think that they should also have to
face the judgment of those people in
society who regard dr. King's words and
wisdom as critically important and
substantially enduring in terms of the
struggles and so forth that we face as a
society and as a nation dr. Harry
Edwards this is the 50th anniversary of
the 1968 Olympic project for Human
Rights you were really the architect of
this for those who are not familiar with
what happened in 1968 I want to go back
to 2011 when we spoke to the 1968
Olympic medalist International Civil
Rights icon John Carlos talked about the
shocked response of the audience in the
Mexico City Stadium where John Carlos
and Tommie Smith raised their hands and
the Black Power salute on the medal
stand I want to go back to what happened
in 1968 mrs. Smith and I we took various
artifacts out there to try and
illustrate certain points that we want
to get
across the society which we really never
got a chance to expose to the general
public but we wore the black glove out
there primarily because this is the
first time the Olympics was in color
Technicolor so we want it to be no doubt
as to who we were representing first we
were representing our race first and
then we representing the United States
second we felt like the power saw most
people felt like you know when you say
power they think about destructive tear
it down burn it down but it wasn't about
that it was like this five individuals
of color but from all of them Shaab all
I'm have a paradigm as to how this world
could be better but not one of them can
step out from the five and think that he
can move a pebble by himself we needed
to come together in terms of being
unified to do something so when these
five individuals realize this and came
together then that's where the power
comes in because now they have enough
power and a vision to move a mountain
opposed to trying to move this pebble
that's what we were trying to illustrate
with the glove and the fist the second
thing is I had on beads on my neck the
bees were supposed to be illustrating
the individuals that had lost their
lives through hanging throughout the
South many black individuals have been
hung just merely because of the color
they scanner because they looked at a
white woman at that particular time we
could not go and do something as
courageous as this and not remember them
the next thing mr. Smith had a black
scarf on his shirt on his neck and his
black scarf was to remember all of the
individuals that came to the maiden
voyage that was thrown off the ships not
thrown off the island to the shocks that
no one ever said a prayer for or
remembered in history then I wore black
shirt over my USA uniform because to be
quite frank I was ashamed of America for
Americans needs what they were doing in
history as well as what they were doing
at that particular time to us by
expressing our feelings this is Atlanta
to free they told me from grade school
and then when I got to the victory stand
and appeared that it wasn't Atlanta it
free and then we rolled our pants legs
up we wore black socks socks and no
shoes to illustrate the poverty of many
kids to the south in the 60s and I'm
sure
I'm still doing today walking 10 20
miles to and from school every day with
no shoes and the greatest nation and the
planet and we had this taking place dr.
Harry Edwards can you talk about what
happened then and how you relate it to
what's happening today with NFL and
overall sports protests and what needs
to be done well I think I think first of
all we have to understand that the
movement that we see today among
athletes this athlete activism is merely
the fourth wave of athlete activism that
has emerged in American society since
the turn of the 20th century beginning
with those athletes jack johnson most
certainly Jesse Owens and Joe Lewis Paul
ropes and most certainly who really
struggled to establish the legitimacy of
black athletic capability within the
context of widespread American apartheid
total abject segregation and all of
those efforts
essentially flowered in the
international arena Jack Johnson fought
a Canadian Tommy burns in Australia to
win the heavyweight championship Jesse
Owens at the Munich Olympics in Germany
Joe Lewis beat Max smelling a German it
was always an international arena Paul
Robeson established himself on the
stages of Europe long before he could
perform on the stage at Carnegie Hall
and then that second wave of athletes
with Jackie Robinson Larry Doby most
certainly Kenny Washington and woody
strode and then Earl Lord and Chuck
Cooper in basketball
between 1946 and 1951 struggled for
access they were literally trying to
break down the doors of segregation then
there was a third wave which was the
wave of athletes that John Carlos was a
part of that really was incited by
Muhammad Ali in 1966-67 when he refused
to step forward for the induction into
the military of course he was followed
by the Olympic project for Human Rights
Bill Russell Jim Brown Arthur Ashe Curt
Flood that group of athletes this is the
fourth wave of athletes and their
struggle is not for legitimacy our
access our dignity and respect as was
the third wave the struggle now is for
power and they're demonstrating that
power in a lot of ways and I think that
we have to understand that there are no
final victories the struggle that we're
waging in American society is perpetual
and there are no final victories Sports
has a role in that and I think that
that's what we're saying with LeBron
James that's what we're saying with
Michael Jenkins that were that's what
we're saying with Colin Kaepernick and
Eric Reid and those athletes who are
taking a knee and sitting and standing
and raising a fist and and and raising
issues that have to do with the broader
community and the trajectory of
developments in this nation at the
interface of race and society and Harry
where do you think that this fourth wave
needs to go is it in the direction of
many of these African American athletes
then becoming political or activists and
leaders in their own right running for
office or do you see them as breaking
down the barriers of the ownership and
the management situations within the
sports itself and redirecting the the
way that sports operates in the United
States I'm wondering your thoughts on
that well I think it's going to do the
same thing that movements have always
done which is to expand amoeba-like and
have these bastions of concentration
where you have specific goals leadership
management styles and so forth that all
make a contribution to change I don't
think you're gonna have any one leader
over all of this who was moving it in a
particular direction any more than
Muhammad Ali even though he fueled and
in many ways incited greater involvement
with the anti-war movement Muhammad Ali
was not the leader of the anti-war
movement the same with the Olympic
project for Human Rights we most
certainly incited greater consciousness
on the part of athletes relative to
their role
in the struggle for to expand the basis
of democratic participation in American
society but we were not the leaders of
that movement it tends to expect these
types of movements tend to expand
amoeba-like and bastions of leadership
goal achievement management styles and
so forth come up out of that amoeba-like
expansion and you begin to make progress
in a variety of different ways will some
of these athletes run for political
office I most certainly hope so will
they make contributions that are distant
from where they are now in terms of
their efforts to incite and inspire
change more than likely that has always
been the case so I think that what we
have here is the emergence of icons
whether or not though that iconic kind
of involvement will expand into actual
leadership depends upon what happens
going forward and how specific they
become in terms of the goals that they
want to achieve in the methodology by
which they want to do that finally dr.
Harry Edwards president Trump is taking
credit for the diminishing of the
football audience that is way down
saying that his you know attack on the
athletes has led to this it's big it's
really the athletes fault taking the
knee can you respond to President Trump
and how he has dealt with the singling
out black athletes and you're an advisor
to Colin Kaepernick what he's saying
right now as a quarterback who has not
been able to get a job yet as you point
out has become an icon of the movement
well I communicate with Colin from time
to time emails text messages and so
forth but I'm not an advisor to him he
colin is very bright young man he's one
of the brightest assets that I've ever
dealt with and he's more than capable of
defining and setting his own course
following his own judgment in terms of
these issues as far as mr. Trump is
concerned look let's remove Trump from
the presidency for a moment this is a
man who has attacked two gold star
families who has demeaned and ridiculed
prisoners of war who have donned the
uniform oftentimes been injured or
wounded and tortured and taken prisoner
of war this is a man who was attacked
transgenders soldiers this is a man who
has attacked daca young people who were
brought here by their parents many of
whom came became part of the military
many of whom are serving in the military
at this point this is a man who is
undermining the intelligence agencies
and FBI who are charged with keeping us
safe as a nation this is a man who is
hobnobbing with sparring foreign
adversarial spy masters and dropping
state secrets in the Oval Office as if
he was playing a game of knock-knock
this is a man who has told by documented
demonstrable fact more than two thousand
lies to the American public and then
he's going to turn around and accuse an
athlete who takes a knee and says we are
better than a hundred and forty seven
black men women and children being shot
in the streets of this country every
year
we are better than that as a people we
are better than that as a nation we need
to do better and he's going to accuse
them of being unpatriotic that's that
that's a joke that that's as big a joke
as the idiocracy that he's trying to
establish as the American government as
he wrecks one institution after another
so my response to mr. Trump the man is
to simply ignore him unfortunately he's
also the president and what that means
is that we have to do more than simply
be outraged by his behavior and by his
despicable moral degeneracy we have to
begin to organize principally around
2018 in those elections and then 2020
makes
we drain the sewer that mr. Trump has
established in Washington DC so that
this nation can get back on track toward
becoming what it ought to be not just
for the sake of this society but for the
sake of the world dr. Harry Edwards want
to thank you for being with us professor
emeritus of sociology at University of
California Berkeley author of a number
of books including the revolt of the
black athlete reissued last year for its
50th anniversary edition architect of
the 1968 Olympic project for Human
Rights the protest of Tommie Smith and
John Carlos in Mexico City with the
Black Power salute also dr. Harry
Edwards is a longtime staff consultant
with the San Francisco 49ers this is
democracy now to see part one of our
discussion with dr. Edwards go to
democracynow.org I'm Amy Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez thanks so much for joining
us
[Music]
