this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we turn now to look at
the battle over immigration in
Washington President Trump is meeting
with Republican and Democratic lawmakers
at the White House today over his offer
to protect the nearly 800,000 young
undocumented immigrants known as
dreamers in exchange for 18 billion
dollars to build a border wall the
meeting comes one day after the Trump
administration announced it's ending the
temporary protected status for as many
as 250,000 Salvadorans who've been
living in the US since 2001 the
temporary status known as TPS had given
the Salvadorans legal permission to live
and work in the United States and acted
in 2001 after a devastating pair of
earthquakes hit El Salvador the
announcement sparked immediate protests
outside the White House and in several
cities here in New York Salvador and TPS
recipient arania Reyes spoke at a news
conference we are begging to our
President Trump and to the public to
stand up and ask for our permanent not
temporary legalization we have been in
the US for more than 20 years and they
didn't give us any permanent status I
think we are honorable people we do the
work other people don't want to do we
earn very little money we pay for
housing and taxes and school for the
children for my three children and they
go to the school and today I feel very
sad because they want to take the TPS
from us the people who brought our
children here with us and who brought
them here when they were young it's not
their fault it's our fault we were
looking for an improvement after our
country was destroyed by war and after
that in 2001 it was destroyed by the
earthquake on January 13th 2001 I hope
they give us legal status that's what we
are asking we are honorable people
worthy of this country and this country
is our country because we spend our
lives here the Trump administration
already said it'll end temporary
protected status for tens of thousands
of Haitian Nicaraguan and sun√≠s
immigrants living in the US for more
we're joined by two guests rodman is a
student at Stony Brook University in
Long Island New York a member of make
the road New York he's a US citizen
whose parents are Salvadoran temporary
protected status recipients he asked us
not to use his last name to protect his
family and we're joined by a new Joshi
who is immigration policy director at
the New York immigration coalition we
welcome you both to Democracy Now Rodman
let's begin with you tell us about your
family what will happen were you
surprised by President Trump's
announcement yesterday so well thank you
so much for having me on your program I
am the son of two immigrant parents from
El Salvador my mom and my dad both have
TPS they've been living on Long Island
for the past 25 years my parents my two
sisters and me we consider ourselves all
to be Long Islanders because that's
where our home is that's where we've
been going to church to school everyone
we know is you know it's from Long
Island so the news that we received the
announcement yesterday was absolutely
devastating I think we were we were kind
of anticipating it so for the past few
months we've been living in the state of
fear and anxiety but actually hearing
the news just it's it's a nightmare for
us what does it mean to us it means that
our sense of protection our sense of
security and all of that is going to
vanish your parents would be sent back
in 18 months that that risk is that it's
very possible my it's very possible that
my two parents who've been living here
before since the early 1990s who have
been working contributing here on Long
Island it's very possible that they're
going to be sent back to a country that
they haven't visited in over 20 years so
what would happen to the three of you
euro US citizens yes so I was born here
so so was my my two sisters were also
born here we depend so much on our
parents for not only
financial support but also emotional
support I think a lot of the things that
me my sisters are able to accomplish in
life whether it's school or work it's
because of all the support that our
parents have given us and I'm very
thankful for for not only all the
sacrifices that they've made but also
the examples that they've set for us
they are my role models and they've I
think they've given us the tools that
makes us become very responsible and
temporary protected status was extended
to your parents because of the
earthquakes because of what happened in
El Salvador yeah so some of my two
parents they they left in early 1990s
before the earthquake but they left
during the the civil war so they were
escaping the Civil War El Salvador is a
country where there's no real job
opportunities where there's no real
stability in where there's corruption
so they escaped in the early 1990s and
it's in 2001 there was a devastating
earthquake that that devastated the
entire country so they came to this
country seeking stability seeking a
better future for themselves and their
family pursuing the American dream and
to them the American dream is that me
and my two sisters will be able to get
an education and move ahead in life I
knew Joe she can you talk about what
this means for 250,000 people and then
we've got to extend the number by what
another 200,000 the American kids like
Rodman exactly right so as you mentioned
this administration already terminated
TPS for Sudan Nicaragua and Haiti Haiti
being the next largest population at
50,000 many of whom live here in New
York but for the people like Rodman's
parents and hundreds of thousands of
people like Rodman's parents across the
country this means that in 18 months the
businesses that they've started are
going to shutter the companies where
they work are going to lose employees
the places that federal government the
states the local taxes they pay are no
longer going to be paid the mortgages
they own the houses that they own almost
a third of Salvador's the TPS own their
home or have a mortgage are not going to
be paid and these people who are
completely integrated into Americans
Society have been here for over two
decades many of them are going to be
pushed into the shadows and it's really
unconscionable what this administration
is doing and I think with these four
decisions and the attack and termination
of the deferred action for childhood
arrivals program we've seen that this
administration is not it is is really
pursuing an aggressive extremist attack
on immigrants and all communities of
color mm-hmm Salvadorans have been major
labor organizers as well do you see this
as an attack on the labor community 100%
yesterday we had a press conference and
we had a SEIU 32bj member who is a
housekeeper on Long Island who's been a
member for over 15 years we had a cook
from unite here who has worked at the
same restaurant for 17 years and he's
worked his way up he started as a
dishwasher and now he's a cook and he's
at TPS he has two children this is an
attack on labor this is attack on
working people it's also attack on
people who have started businesses and
raise families let me go to go to
Rodriguez a Salvadoran beneficiary of
temporary protected status who spoke at
Monday's news conference in New York we
have one foot here and the other in our
republic El Salvador and even though my
heart is always there in that country
for me living here as my predecessor
said is a matter of life and death
because we cannot go back to our country
there are a lot of compatriots that have
tried it and have tried to start a
business to start a life there and they
haven't been able to do it because of
the evil our country is suffering
president Trump and the politicians do
not know who the beneficiaries of
temporary protective status are we are
not gang members we are not criminals we
are people that as the majority of the
people who live here we came following a
dream an American dream a dream that
sadly we cannot have in our countries
but it was possible here we achieve it
thanks to our work your response I mean
I don't understand how anyone could look
at that and say that that's someone
that's not contributing to our society
you know this
everything that this administration is
doing is not about keeping our country
safe or making this country greater it's
about making our country worse by trying
to push into the shadows or worse deport
people like Hugo who are just you know
raising their families and making a
living Robin we're not using your last
name to protect your family but you
mentioned the Civil War which often
people do not refer to as a civil war in
Salvador because the studies show
overwhelmingly it was the us-backed
military government and paramilitaries
that were killing off the majority of
people as happened in Nicaragua the
illegal war in Nicaragua when it came to
the Contras the u.s. was not supposed to
be supporting the Contras but was
getting around various laws like the
Boland amendment can you talk about this
as my colleague Juan Gonzalez wrote a
book called harvest of empire people
fleeing sadly us connected violence in
their countries and then when they get
here being told they have to go back and
to that point the creation of the
temporary protected status program was
in response to the u.s. involvement in
El Salvador in the early 90s and so it
was a recognition by our government that
we had created a part of this problem
and we needed to provide safe haven we
needed to protect these people we could
not send them back into that violence
and if you look at El Salvador as a
country right now it's has the third
highest homicide rate in the world it's
considered the most violent country
that's not currently in a war zone by
the United Nations 17% of its GDP comes
from remittances from the United States
and if you try to send or repatriate
hundreds of thousands of people into a
country where has weak government
institutions where violence is rampant
where gangs are conscripted youth you
know every day it's going to destabilize
the region and that's not going to be
good for the United States either I
wanted to put this in the larger context
right now of what's happening in the
White House you have president Trump
meeting with Democrats and Republicans
and this is
this is not often the case by the chief
of staff for this meeting general Kelly
general Kelly who before being chief of
staff of President Trump was head of
department of homeland security and
before that in charge of SOUTHCOM
Southern Command can you talk about the
significance of Trump saying this
weekend at Camp David that it is daca
and the wall or no daca well unless we
clear he didn't just say daca and the
wall he also said and additional CBP
agents and an end to the diverse learner
Patrol
sorry Customs and Border Patrol agents
and to diversity visa ending family
reunification which has been the
cornerstone of our immigration policy
for decades since the 1960s so he laid
out a laundry list of the most extremist
anti-immigrant agenda in exchange for
800,000 young people you know when he
which a situation that he created when
he terminated daca in September you know
we're we're telling Senator Schumer here
in New York and and the Democrats in
both sides of the house and the Senate
that they need to stand strong against
this that this is a wish list that is
not a wish list at all I don't even know
what it is this is not in good faith and
you have confidence in the Democrats
maybe I also Rodman is your University
Stony Brook on Long Island part of the
State University of New York system an
esteemed University around the country
standing up for you and other students
who have temporary protected status
themselves or in your case your fat your
parents so a group of me and a group of
students we have started a club trying
to push our administrators from Stony
Brook to adopt policies that would
benefit students not only who have daca
who are losing their daca statuses every
day but also for parents for students
whose parents have TPS because for
example like I I sometimes depend on my
parents for financial support to pay my
tuition and once once in new york's
interest is paid yeah we really do we
really depend on our administrators but
also our local and state representatives
to become advocates for us and to really
push for legislation that's going to
benefit people like like me and my
family i think that investing more money
into ice agents or having the local
police department collaborate with
immigration I think it's misguided and
if if it's if we need our
representatives to really push for
permanent legislation like a permanent
residency for my parents I think these
once you really invest in communities
are like my community and my family
that's a it's one of the best ways that
you can really uplift this country and
how our
Salvadorans and Long Island organizing
okay so this news has affected everyone
from where I come from on Long Island
I'm gonna has a large salvadore and also
Haitian population so everyone is pretty
much really in a state of panic so what
people are doing is that they're getting
informed I'm part of a community known
as Asians called make the road New York
we're doing workshops we're holding know
your rights workshops and we're also
telling you know people like me like
youth like me who are citizens that it's
we have a lot of power
once we share our stories it's we can
make a difference and also we have lots
of voting power so it's very important
for us to get organized you know our
right support you know to stand up for
our parents our parents have always been
there for us so it's time now it's
really urgent that we stand up for them
well I want to thank you both for being
with us Rodman I hope soon to be able to
say your whole name but while you fail
your family is vulnerable we'll stick
with your first name Rodman a US citizen
a student at Stony Brook University in
Stony Brook Long Island New York whose
parents are Salvadoran temporary
protected status recipients in a new
Joshi immigration policy director at the
New York immigration coalition this is
democracy now when we come back a new
poor people's March an unusual coalition
will be joined by the Reverend William
barber as well as an evangelical
minister who worked for the
segregationist
presidential candidate longtime senator
Strom Thurmond now joining in a poor
people's March stay with us
