this is democracy now I mean the Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez well in a series of
extraordinary legal decisions to say the
Supreme Court has upheld president
Trump's so-called Muslim travel ban and
a federal judge in San Diego has ruled
immigration officials must stop
separating immigrant children from their
parents at the border and must reunite
all parents and children within 30 days
on Tuesday the Supreme Court ruled five
to four to uphold Trump's travel ban
which prohibits people from entering the
United States from five majority Muslim
countries Iran Libya Yemen Syria and
Somalia as well as people from North
Korea and some government officials from
Venezuela in a scathing dissent Justice
Sonia Sotomayor condemned the van as
harrowing and said it was quote
motivated by hostility and animus toward
the Muslim faith she also said the
decision to uphold the ban involved
quote ignoring the facts misconstruing
our legal precedent and turning a blind
eye to the pain and suffering the
proclamation and flex upon countless
families and individuals many of whom
are United States citizens unquote after
the ruling was announced protesters
gathered outside the Supreme Court to
condemn the decision this is Derrick
Shawn Raja founder of justice for
Muslims collective we will continue to
resist we will continue to fight and for
the American people and for our allies
and accomplices it is also your goal to
help us
overturn the legality of these decisions
we know that their inhumane we know that
there are racist we know that their
discriminatory we could not allow for
these decisions to be upheld so please
we're asking for your solidarity to
stand with us in this particular moment
that was dark shine Raja founder of
justice for Muslims collective for more
we're joined by three guests Linda
Sarsour is with us director of the first
Muslim online organizing platform and
power change co-authored a new report
titled window dressing the Muslim ban
reports of waivers and mass denials from
Yemeni American families stuck in limbo
that report actually was by CCR and Yale
University by
Diala Hamas our next guest as well and
League learned deputy director of the
ACLU immigrants rights project he argued
the first challenge to president Trump's
travel ban order Lee let's begin with
you you were the first there what does
this Supreme Court ruling mean yeah it's
disappointing it's not completely
unexpected when the court issued the
stay of the lower court's ruling awhile
back I think you know people were
expecting it but it's still a really bad
day I think the disconnect between the
judicial opinion and what most people
understand as a matter of common sense
that President Trump was trying to keep
Muslims out of the country you know I
think one way years from now people will
look back and say wow I don't I don't
know how this decision came it's a bad
day and I want to ask you particularly
about the dissenting opinion of justice
Sotomayor who's really carving her
carving out a niche for herself as the
passion and eloquent defender of a
liberal perspective on the court she she
not she spent minutes reciting all the
quotations of President Trump where he
actually clearly said this is a Muslim
ban and yet asked why would the court
want to want to ignore this I want to
read a part of what she said taking all
the relevant evidence together a
reasonable observer would conclude that
the proclamation was driven primarily by
anti-muslim animus rather than by the
government's asserted national security
justifications even before being sworn
into office then candidate Trump stated
that quote slam hates us it's Lomb hates
us warned that we're having problems
with the Muslims and we're having
problems with Muslims coming into the
country
he promised to quote enact a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims entering
the United States and instructed one of
his advisers to find a quote legal way
to enact a Muslim ban well the president
continued to make similar statements
well after his inauguration as detailed
above moreover several opportunities to
do so despite several opportunities to
do so president Trump has never
disavowed any of his prior statements
about Islam instead he has continued to
make remarks that a reasonable observer
would view as an unrelenting that
on the Muslim religion and its followers
yeah very strong I think there's no
other way to look at what the president
was saying and that's what's so
artificial about the opinion to say
we're we're not going to give that any
weight and we're just going to sort of
have wholesale deference to the
administration the administration had
behind this multi-agency task force they
set up but that the outcome was
preordained president Trump set it up to
give him the conclusion he wanted and
you know I don't see any other way as
justice Amira said a reasonable observer
couldn't look at what happened from his
campaign statements through the third
iteration of the trial of Bannack
include anything other than he was
trying to keep Muslims out of the
country Linda Sarsour your response I
was expecting more of like a partial ban
something I was expecting like a half
which would have still been a Muslim ban
so I was pretty devastated to see that
the Supreme Court upheld the entire ban
but I think what gives me solace is that
the Supreme Court could decide what is
legal but they can't decide what is
Justin's moral I mean slavery was legal
Japanese internment was legal in this
country segregation was legal so for me
I don't put my eggs all in the Supreme
Court basket I think we're gonna
continue to organize and resist and in
particularly this year around electoral
politics which I don't believe take us
all the way to liberation but do stop
some of the hemorrhaging and bleeding on
our communities but the Muslim community
is directly impacted and it is a policy
of this administration to separate black
and brown families whether it be at the
border or through a travel ban or a
Muslim Refugee ban and I think people
need to make those connections that this
is part of a large white supremacist
agenda that is being implemented point
after point like he is literally winning
almost on every single issue putting
forth took health care from us gave us a
tax cam separating mothers and children
at the border banning Muslims like these
are things that he was promising you
know it's right now he's using children
as a leverage point to get his twenty
five billion dollars for the wall like
people have to wake up that we may have
a momentum in the resistance but this
administration is winning in the highest
courts of this land and even on the
order from San Diego to stop the
separation of
families and also to reunite families
how is that going to happen with what
tracking system do they have and in fact
does this administration care about poor
orders do we actually believe that
they're gonna follow quarters I don't
believe that so I think we still have to
be vigilant in this moment I want to
bring into this discussion - I'm a staff
attorney at the Center for
Constitutional Rights co-author of this
new report titled window dressing the
Muslim ban reports of waivers and mass
denials from Yemeni American families
stuck in limbo Justice Stephen Breyer
cited the report in his dissent writing
another report similarly indicates that
the US Embassy in Djibouti which
processes visa applications for citizens
of Yemen received instructions to grant
waivers only in rare cases of imminent
danger with one consular officer
reportedly telling an applicant that
even for infants we would need to see
some evidence of a congenital heart
defect or another medical issue of that
degree of difficulty that would likely
lead to the child's developmental harm
or death talk about this report that CCR
did with Yale that came out last week
because the majority said you know in
severe cases people will be taken care
of and let in what the majority did it
was even worse actually unfortunately
what we're seeing here is a way that the
majority handled our report as well as
the litany of other evidence that was
before it whether it was evidence of the
Trump administrations animus anti-muslim
bias leading up to the issuance of the
proclamation or the litany of evidence
that it has since the proclamation went
into effect and that we were all able to
prove it when those of us who were
observing it how was unfolding on the
ground completely ignored that evidence
a significant body of evidence and
relied and deferred entirely to the to
the executive and ultimately what that
means is where we are as as long as the
president can can articulate a national
security justification however thin it
might be it will be able to get away
with whatever it wants and it's seeing
seeing the highest court of our country
essentially fall for this
administration's gaslighting is exactly
why our team and a team of yale law
students travel to Djibouti in order to
be able to call them out in a studied
way based on facts on their miss
statements and misrepresentations of the
waiver process the waiver process is one
of the many things that the
administration has relied on in order to
justify what is essentially a Muslim ban
and we were able to show as many others
have also since shown and you know
consular officers have actually said on
the record that the waiver process is a
sham it is only there in paper is only
something that the administration has
put in the proclamation but in practice
the way it's being rolled out on the
ground in places like Djibouti it is not
actually a process everybody's been
receiving pro forma mass denials and the
result is after this yesterday's
decision that families in Djibouti that
we met with that were holding their
breath waiting for a decision from the
Supreme Court to reunite with each other
after having been separated in many
cases for years are now left with a
difficult decision of going back to
Yemen a war-torn country or being
separated indefinitely give us an
example of a family absolutely I have
just been texting on whatsapp with a
gentleman who is in Alabama and his wife
sharifa is actually in Djibouti with her
two youngest children with all four of
her children are US citizens my inducers
she is the wife of a US citizen and the
mother of US citizens
she's also four months pregnant or she
was four months in March and she was
just waiting for the what she was hoping
was as positive Supreme Court decision
to be able to rejoin her husband in
Alabama her two oldest children have had
to come to the u.s. because she couldn't
care for all four of them in her
situation in Djibouti right now she
doesn't know what to do she has returned
to Yemen because she just couldn't stay
in Djibouti Djibouti is a very extremely
expensive country and the conditions
there are extremely harsh and they don't
really know what to do as a family
anymore I mean put yourself in a
position when someone is seeking advice
of what to do next and you're talking
them through what are extremely painful
personal to citizens that they have to
now make and all of this is a situation
that although was
predictable is one that is shocking to
be faced with now especially in light of
the indefinite nature of this decision
Linda I wanted to ask you you mentioned
the Japanese internment as an example of
something that was legal but was not
just I want to go back to Sonia
Sotomayor where she referenced it she
said by quote by blindly accepting the
government's misguided invitation to
sanction a discriminatory policy
motivated by animosity toward a
disfavored group all in the name of a
superficial claim of national security
the court redeploys the same dangerous
logic underlying Korematsu and merely
replaces one gravely wrong decision with
another absolutely I mean we are going
to look back and be a shame to live in
2018 and to allow this to happen in our
watch and even right now this
administration is in doing one of the
biggest investments in building
basically children prison camps on
military bases in the United States I
don't know Ron and Amy what else has to
happen what else does this
administration have to do for people to
really wake up and understand that we
are literally living under fascism we
have an administration who believes that
they are above the law that in fact they
will they have pushed policy after
policy outside the bomb the bounds of
the Constitution and I don't know what
else I mean I'm worried that something
more terrible could happen and has
happened historically in our country and
the American people are sitting back and
waiting for that horrible thing to
happen and we are not waiting we are
resisting in fact I will be joining
hundreds of women on Thursday engaging
in the largest women mass civil
disobedience that this country has ever
seen
because we're not gonna sit back and
rallying and marching under fascism is
just not working and we have to find
other ways to kind of up the ante with
our activism and and make some
sacrifices and democracy now we'll be
covering protests on the border tomorrow
as part of this national action legal
and who is Fred Korematsu explain the
significance of what has happened I mean
the u.s. acknowledged they were wrong
with Japanese in determined and
returning more than one
hundred thousand Japanese this man whose
case went to the Supreme Court right so
the as I think everyone knows the
Japanese were interned during World War
two the case went to the Supreme Court
the administration then put forward
national security justifications the
court accepted them wholesale and
allowed the internment we now know that
those justifications were sham justice
Chief Justice Roberts said while the
court of history has shown that that
opinion was wrong but I think the the
really hard thing is to recognize it in
real time the Chief Justice should have
recognized in real time now that this
was just as bad or if yeah I don't I
don't think we need to make a comparison
about which is just as bad but that this
was bad and wrong and that the national
security justifications were a sham and
recommend not wait for the court of
history 30 years from now but I think
that's what will happen the same thing
will happen will look back on this
decision the same way we look back on
Quora mon-sol is wrong what happens now
in terms of of the ban now that with the
court decision is there any possibility
for review or changing of the policy at
all well you know obviously the
administration can always pull back and
Congress could do something you know
right now what that doesn't look likely
the court cases will continue we're
evaluating our options but you know I
don't want to sugarcoat it the decision
was bad
you
