this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh we turn now to Yemen
on Wednesday Norway's Ministry of
Foreign Affairs announced the country
will stop supplying weapons and
ammunition to the United Arab Emirates
citing great concern over the
humanitarian crisis in Yemen the UAE is
part of the saudi-led coalition that has
been carrying out airstrikes in Yemen
for nearly three years in 2016 Norway
sold nearly 10 million dollars worth of
weapons to the UAE meanwhile the US and
Britain continued to supply the Saudis
with billions of dollars worth of
weapons the u.s. also provides
logistical military support to Saudi
Arabia the Saudi air campaign has killed
more than 10,000 civilians in Yemen
which is the world Arab world's poorest
country and displaced more than three
million in December Doctors Without
Borders said it's suspected an outbreak
of diphtheria in the country for the
first time since 1982 with 28 deaths
reported since August meanwhile the
International Committee of the Red Cross
has a number of suspected cholera cases
in Yemen has reached 1 million making it
the worst cholera epidemic on record and
the United Nations is warning over 8
million people are a step away from
famine more than 80 percent of Yemenis
now lack food fuel water and access to
health care well recently nermeen Shaikh
and I sat down with the journalist Iona
Craig who is based in Sanaa from 2010 to
15 as a Yemen correspondent for The
Times of London awarded the 2016 Orwell
Prize for her reporting on Yemen I
started by asking her what the world
needs to know about the crisis in Yemen
I think it's really how man-made the
humanitarian crisis is the Saudi
coalition's policy of not just blockade
in the country and restricting food
imports and Yemen imports 90 percent of
its food in in peacetime but it's also
the bombing campaign that I mentioned in
in that report for the Guardian that has
been used to systematically target
Yemenis ability to grow their own food
or supply food for themselves so there
is a clear pattern of a strategy to bomb
farmland
to target the areas where farmers are
trying to grow food and again as well
targeting fishermen where people have
become increasingly increasingly reliant
on you know fish and and fishermen's
supplies to to feed themselves and so in
that reports
I spoke to fishermen are on the Red Sea
coast and heard a de the head of the
fishermen's Union answer farmers and
there has also been academic research
done on the data of the airstrike
campaign since 2015 that does show a
pattern of the Saudi coalition
apparently targeting Yemen's food
supplies its own farmers and and and
fishermen in order to prevent them from
being able to provide food for
themselves in addition to this blockade
so this is what it's so largely
responsible for the humanitarian crisis
that we're seeing now with more than 8
million people facing famine with
hundreds of thousands of children now
starving to death and this has been a
policy of the Saudi coalition which is
of course backed by Western nations
including the US and so they are
complicit in that in its mass starvation
of 27 million people well let's go to a
first-person account by a young woman
living in Sunnah the capital of Yemen
the 26 year old goes by the pseudonym
selma to protect her identity for fear
for her safety she spoke to PRI the
world last week we just staying inside
our houses because you don't know if the
air strike gonna come like hold he's
gonna hit it's like it's safer for you
and your family to stay close to your
house since 2011 we have this kind of
ugly experience of right down in our
houses for days and days but this one is
different this one it's like most of the
people just like they are sad really sad
even myself I have like since I was
student
I have issues like with old regime and
you know the troubles and education and
everything but when Alice Alice got
killed
I cried most of the people really cried
men and women do you feel like you know
this man has been our leader for almost
over 35 years and 26 I porn and he's
still like you know he was the president
until I finished the school and he still
the president we always look up to him
he's our father for my generation but
now the thing that I noticed and it's
had no hurt me inside for real it's like
people like I don't know the lost hope
that breaks every single one in the
country because do you think there is no
prediction anymore so that's a young
woman who goes by the name Salma
twenty-six-year-old speaking from Sunnah
the capital of Yemen speaking of course
about former Yemeni President Ali
Abdullah Saleh so I oh no could you
respond to what she said in particular
that his death
Sylas death breaks every single one in
the country because they think there's
no protection anymore everybody in Yemen
even those who hated Ali Abdullah Saleh
were shocked when he died that it had
happened at all but also the way in
which he died I'm not sure everybody
would hold that same voice there are
people particularly in southern Yemen
who were very pleased to see Ali
Abdullah Saleh go but I think everybody
now there is mass uncertainty of what
happens next that's everybody's question
it's what happens now that ali abdullah
saleh is dead
and his political party appears to be
crumbling those were still loyal to him
as well and i think particularly in sanh
our people over the last 10 days are
incredibly scared trying to communicate
with people there it's very difficult
after Saleh's death the Houthis cracked
and on the Internet's it's not possible
to access social media Twitter Facebook
whatsapp without a VPN and so people's
ability to communicate with the outside
world has been silenced and even when
you do when you are able to communicate
with people they're very scared they
don't want to talk about politics they
don't want to tell you about what's
going on because they fear that there
will be reprisals and the Houthis are
going to be cracking down on anybody who
shows still loyalty to Ali Abdullah
Saleh and there has been a lot of talk
of detentions in Sinai over the last ten
days since Ali died but it's unclear how
many people have have effectively
disappeared into the prisons in Sanaa
and how bad that crackdown is because
getting information now to sana is so
difficult because of the restrictions
the Houthis are placed on internet
access over the last 10 days so yes
people there are incredibly incredibly
scared and you know sort of holding
their breaths really of what's going to
happen next in Yemen after Sally's death
Iona could you talk about speaking of
the Houthis the fact that now the Trump
administration says that they're going
to share proof that Iran is arming the
Houthi rebels what are the implications
of that and why is the Trump
administration making this claim now
yeah I think the most important part of
that is why why is the White House going
to be showing this evidence why is the
Saudi Arabia not showing that evidence
or even the Yemeni government showing
that evidence and I think the concern is
about the answer to that question is
this going to be is this rhetoric and
this this narrative going to be used as
some form of pretext for more u.s.
involvement in in the war in Yemen to
support any ground operations by the
saudi-led coalition there have been
movements since Ali's death on the Red
Sea coast towards the data a grand
operation against the day the port had
been talked about for more than a year
but under the previous US administration
they advised the the saudi-led coalition
against that and so the concern is that
this kind of rhetoric coming out of the
White House may be used as some formal
way to
what the Coalition in any upcoming
ground offensive and summit and to
increase the US involvement in the war
in Yemen and of course that then brings
the prospect of escalation because it's
highly likely if that did happen that
Iran would retaliate they may not
retaliate in Yemen they could retaliate
in in Syria or Iran and that of course
brings the prospect of an almost proxy
conflict then between the u.s. and Iran
so it's incredibly dangerous and I think
the timing of it now it's also you know
it's dangerous for Yemen in the sense
that the aid agencies have warned for a
long time now about the dangers of
pushing militarily on her data because
they rely so heavily on that war to
bring in aid to the Yemenis at the
moment but the consequences could be
far-reaching you know beyond the borders
of Yemen and for the rest of the region
if this is going to be now used as some
form of narrative form or u.s.
involvement in targeting the Houthis in
Yemen who Saudi Arabia of course see
very much is a proxy for Iran it
certainly seems to be that the Houthis
have increased their capabilities on the
weapons side the Yemeni Arsenal didn't
contain ballistic missiles that could
reach as far as Riyadh before the war
and all the indications are that they've
received training and may be in military
parts as well that have been shipped in
little smuggled into Yemen in order for
them to be able to modify the ballistic
missiles that they did have in order to
to fire them into Riyadh and as they
claimed as well the Houthis have claimed
to to fire towards the UAE as well I am
yes this this kind of talk it really
points towards escalation which could be
incredibly dangerous for the region as
we only have 30 seconds and Jared
Kushner recently went again meeting with
his dear friend and Saudi Arabia
Mohammed bin Salman Thomas Friedman
hailed him as a visionary the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia his role in
what's happening here and what you feel
the US should be doing right now I think
the the problem is now it's with the
u.s. cozying up more to Saudi Arabia
being very much
on site with the Saudi coalition whilst
being more hostile towards Iran really
means that the getting some kind of
dialogue going here on the war in Yemen
to bring an end to the conflict it's
less and less likely and actually u.s.
actions at the moment are pointing
towards an sort of never ending conflict
trying to find an end as the conflict
becomes more difficult and the US is
actually making it more difficult by
this kind of relationship very close
relationship with Saudi Arabia whilst
being much more aggressive in their
rhetoric towards Iran and that has a
direct consequence on the civilian
population now who are literally
starving to death in Yemen and the u.s.
policies at the moment and their
activities and making that worse the
Yemenis on the ground and will do if
they can't get to the point of some form
of political discussion or a ceasefire
to at least bring a halt to hostilities
in some way and so yes the u.s. is is
actually making the situation worse in
Yemen rather than better and the effect
of cholera
how many people have cholera and how is
that affected by the Saudi us-backed
Saudi bombing of Yemen
well the issue with cholera actually the
numbers were improving although they're
expected to reach a million by the end
of this year with more than two thousand
people now having died from from the
disease the the bombing of
infrastructure of water supplies has had
an impact on that on hospitals the
blockading of medical supplies bringing
them into the country
the blockading of water purification
into the country that aid agencies have
been bringing in supplies for that that
all has an impact on their ability to to
help the the cholera situation in Yemen
but now you're seeing outbreak of more
disease we're hearing in the last few
days about diphtheria in Yemen which
haven't been recorded for four decades
in the country and this is all because
less than 50 percent of the country's
medical facilities are now operating and
those that are operating under massive
strain they can't get the supplies that
they need in the aid agencies can't
bring in the help that they need to for
those kind of situations so yes it's not
just hunger it's disease and I think
that's not just going to be restricted
to cholera now
whilst the hospitals and medical centers
in Yemen struggled to cope with with
basically the situation that they're in
because of the conflict because of the
hospitals that have been bombed because
of medical facilities that have been put
out of action because of the war the
healthcare system is basically
collapsing in Yemen at the moment and
there's no way to rectify that if if aid
agencies can't get health into them at
the moment I don't know could you also
explain I mean as far as this bombing
campaign goes who are the principal
countries I mean the US and the UK who
are supplying arms to Saudi Arabia and
why there isn't more pressure on them
given the situation in Yemen to cease
all sales or at least to limit them
right I mean it obviously the primary
weapons sales are coming or weapon arm
sales are coming from the US Society
Arabia Britain is also involved other
European countries are also involved
Canada is also involved I think it's
very lucrative business for the US and
the UK and particularly in the UK as
well it's not just weapon sales it's
other investments from Saudi Arabia and
other Gulf countries who are part of the
coalition particularly in the brexit
area era when the British government is
going to be looking beyond Europe now
for form you know more and more
investment in the country so it's about
maintaining relationships that that have
a financial interest ultimately and this
this has gone on despite clear evidence
of violations of international
humanitarian law that I've seen on the
ground in Yemen and that evidence have
been collected by human rights
organizations and that doesn't look like
it's going to stop anytime soon there
have been ongoing calls both in the US
and the UK for suspensions of weapons
sales there was a partial suspension of
precision-guided weapons in the US a
year ago but that has since been lifted
and they are now selling
precision-guided weapons back to the
Saudis again so there are no indication
to either government the US or the UK is
going
to change that policy anytime soon but
it is a point of leverage and they could
use that in order to push for dialogue
in this war but it's not being used and
obviously the consequences of a
devastating for Yemenis and what is the
Trump family gained by this very close
relationship with Saudi Arabia not to
diminish the Obama administration and
the number of times he went to Saudi
Arabia and what he had done but clearly
you know the first foreign trip
President Trump took was to Saudi Arabia
Jared Kushner has been there a number of
times his closeness with the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman what do the
Trump's gain again this is a lot of base
you know based on on financial interests
and economic interests and this is the
really disheartening thing about it
because that's the expense of millions
of Yemenis who are literally starving to
death that the interests of those people
and the lives of those people as being
it's being seen as inferior to the
economic interests of the US and the
financial interests of the Trump
administration so yeah it brings a lot
of questions about just the moral
compass really of societies and and our
governments really the US and the UK in
this about the direction that this takes
because we are all now well aware of the
humanitarian situation in Yemen right
now and how many millions of people and
suffering the the situation of famine on
the ground and the likely numbers of
people who are going to starve to death
death but yet our governments are still
willing to hold very close relationships
with Saudi Arabia and for financial
interests maintain that relationship at
the costs of many hundreds of thousands
of lives in Yemen award-winning
journalist Iona Craig has reported from
Yemen for years was the correspondent
for The Times of London this is
democracy now to see part one of our
discussion you can go to
democracynow.org when we come back
Columbia University has one Hunter
College has one Rutgers University New
York University they all have
students for justice in Palestine groups
on campus so why did Fordham say no stay
with us
