this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez we
turn now to the first trial of the
nearly 200 people arrested during
president Trump's inauguration the trial
began November 15th in Washington DC and
involves six people including one
journalist Alexi wood a a freelance
photojournalist and videographer based
in San Antonio the defendants were
charged under the federal riot statute
and faced multiple felony and
misdemeanor charges including siding or
urging to riot conspiracy to riot
multiple counts of destruction of
property evidence against the defendants
has been scant from the moment of their
arrest as demonstrators journalists and
observers gathered in Northwest DC after
the January 20th inauguration some
separated from the group and broke
windows of nearby businesses and damaged
cars police officers then swept hundreds
of people in the vicinity into a
blockaded corner in a process known as
ketling where they carried out mass
arrests of everyone in the area
officials seized Trump protesters cell
phones crack their passwords attempted
to use the contents to convict them of
conspiracy to riot court filings
revealed that investigators have been
able to crack into at least eight
defendants locked cell phones
prosecutors want to use the internet
history communications pictures they
extracted from the phones as evidence
against the defendants in court the
American Civil Liberties Union has filed
a lawsuit which charges DC police
mistreated detainees including sexual
abuse as a form of punishment a
complaint by four plaintiffs charges
officers used excessive force denied
detainees food water and access to
toilets the DC Police Department has
defended its officers actions saying all
arrests on January 20th were proper well
for more we go to Washington DC where
we're joined by two guests Judy Ortiz is
a member of the organizing crew of
defend j-20 and the mass defense
committee chair for the National Lawyers
Guild he's a lawyer
Elizabeth Lachaise is a defendant in the
criminal case against participants in
the inauguration day protests a
plaintiff in the ACL
you lost it against the city of
Washington DC in the police department
we work with both to Democracy Now Jude
let's begin with you the trial has been
going on for a week now can you explain
exactly what's been happening and what
these first set of defendants are
charged with what they face yes good
morning just to clarify I'm a legal
worker so legal support activist but not
a lawyer however I have been in court
all since the beginning of the trial so
far with the six defendants who are on
trial the state has opened its case
including witnesses from the police and
there's a helicopter pilot for the
Department of Homeland Security and
different managers or employees of
businesses that were in the vicinity so
the testimony so far on the evidence
provided has shown how the police
decided from the outset and this was an
audio recording from radio the police
radio that indicated that as soon as the
protests left Logan Circle in DC that
the police are decided at that point to
do the mass arrest and that led up to
the current situation where the almost
194 defendants who are still facing
trial now what about the prosecutors
conspiracy claims could you talk about
how how they are legend dad and how the
defense is countering that in the trial
the prosecutor initially in this is
actually the third superseding
indictment I'm sorry second superseding
indictment so the third indictment that
the defendants are facing in this trial
so the prosecutor amended it twice after
the initial indictment in order to have
the current charges and initially with
that indictment had put out the
conspiracy in charge as a felony as well
as engaging in a riot as a felony charge
the judge has since ruled that those are
actually not even potentially felony
charges and instead are only
misdemeanors
so that dropped the potential time that
the defense were facing from 75 years
down to about 60 years which is
currently what most of the defendants
are still facing there is a trial block
for December that is scheduled and where
those defendants had charges dropped
down from felonies to only three
misdemeanors I want to bring Elizabeth
legette
into this conversation you were a part
of the protests explain why you went out
to protest that day where you came from
and what happened to you yeah let me
first say that just because of the way
that our legal system works the way our
criminal system works I can't actually
talk about the events of the protest
itself from the moment I arrived at the
moment we were arrested because of
concerns for preserving my Fifth
Amendment rights it's possible that they
could force me to testify under certain
circumstances so like most criminal
defendants that's what my lawyer has has
recommended I will however speak to why
I was there and I was there to express
my concern with the way that our
political landscape was developing and I
think that a lot of people can can
sympathize with that motivation and can
you talk about the ACL lawsuit ACLU
lawsuit that you're a part of and can
you talk about what happened when you
were jailed for example do you have your
cell phone now I do not have my cell
phone so the ACLU lawsuit is basically
alleging that the police did not handle
themselves very well on inauguration day
both in the choice to make those arrests
and the way that they made those arrests
and then in the way that they treated
prisoners after they had been arrested
basically everyone was kettled
which is a fairly controversial
technique in policing that just really
indiscriminately sweeps people up in a
way that that trebles civil liberties
activists and and really anyone who's
concerned about you know making the
right choice from an arrest perspective
because people are swept up as a group
rather than individually and on top of
that they left us out on the street for
many hours it was a slow walk arrests
it was cold and rainy people had no
access to bathrooms food water medical
care and then once they had us in
custody
various people had really negative
experiences with the way the police
treated them and in the process of being
arrested
they took everyone's phones and to this
day as far as I know none of the
defendants have gotten their phones back
which has been a financial hardship and
as you can imagine a privacy issue
well Jude Ortiz I'd like to ask you
about this phone issue the seizure of
the phones the efforts that the police
made to break into the phones to somehow
or other trace back communications of
the of the different protesters and I
guess proving conspiracy was afoot so
some of the phones that were seized like
in the kettle had encryption of various
sorts and might just be password
protection some might be full encryption
a lot of phones today come out of the
box with full encryption and so to the
best of our knowledge the government has
not been able to get past the encryption
technology on phones but some phones
were unlocked I think it's important to
note that many protesters who were
arrested did not have phones at all and
that the government has also gone after
electronic data in various other ways so
immediately after the mass arrests the
government was or sent some letters of
requests or requests to Apple iCloud for
user data and that was for some of the
people who were arrested and at least
one person who was associated with one
arrestee but not even present and not
part of the case at all and were people
questioned about the social media that
they use I'm not aware of any material
questions that were asked by officers
like two protesters or like arrestees
directly but the government has gone
after a wide swath of electronic data in
this case including trying to get about
1.3 million IP addresses and identified
information from the web host of disrupt
j-20 orgy which was a website that
existed prior to the inauguration as
well as
trying to get information from Facebook
accounts of several activists in the DC
area and that was through a search
warrant and can you talk about the two
freelance journalists who were also
arrested one of them Alexi wood on trial
this week and they are trying to use his
video footage in the case against him
and the others yes so it's Alexei wooden
and he was one of a handful of
journalists who were arrested that day
as a lot of the journalists who were
arrested had charges dropped or were
never filed but Alexei and Aaron Kent -
who is another independent journalist
are still facing charges they're facing
the same charges as everyone else in the
case except for that December group that
I mentioned earlier and so that means
that they're all they're facing 60 years
Alexei was out in out in DC on g20 as a
freelance journalist who was
live-streaming the events and that
livestream is available publicly and
it's being used as evidence but not only
in this trial but the prosecutor has
indicated that that will be used as
evidence in every trial that's set to
happen all the way through 2018 and it
seems like it's really a problem of
independent journalists too because
people associated with major outlets
were released or had their charges
dropped but independent journalists have
had a harder time with that and
Elizabeth I wanted to ask you in in many
of these mass protest situations
authorities made round up people
initially but then either drop the
charges or lower the charges in by the
time they come to trial I'm wondering
your is your response to how it appears
at least on the president's rump that
the police in Washington are determined
to continue to prosecute these these
allegations and get maximum convictions
if possible yeah I think that's a fair
characterization of the situation and I
don't pretend to be able to read their
minds I don't pretend to be able to tell
you exactly what their plan is or why
they're doing what they're doing but it
is certainly true that they have worked
very hard to pressure people into
excepting please they've offered many
people various please as little as a
single misdemeanor charge and and it
really makes it seem like their goal is
to get convictions for rioting and it
seems like unusual coincidence that that
happens as someone is getting
inaugurated who in their some of their
first public statements say things like
you know we're gonna restore the rule of
law so on and so forth so I I think
there's likely a connection there even
if it's just as simple as people feeling
more emboldened now that that kind of
person is in office and Jude Ortiz can
you talk about the so-called independent
investigation the city itself Washington
DC hired an organization called the
Police Foundation to launch an
independent investigation into how the
protest was policed who are they so the
police foundation is a very biased
organization that has been contracted or
otherwise I brought into the office of
police complaints inquiry into police
abuses and brutality like on
Inauguration Day January 20th last or
earlier this year rather there is an
initial inquiry into allegations of
police misconduct and abuse and
brutality and the initial findings
indicate that there was the
justification for a full investigation
and subsequently $100,000 was earmarked
for that investigation that money became
available on October 1st and so then the
investigation has begun the police
foundation was is the body that is doing
that investigation is supposedly of
unbiased nonpartisan organization but
it's it's website indicates that that's
a very much kind of thin blue line you
know very very Pro police organization
and a lot of the statements and other
characterization that has on its website
indicate is extreme biased in favor of
the police that bias obviously calls it
a question any kind
of impartiality or any type of you know
kind of quote/unquote fair investigation
into the actions of police that day and
when you have that in conjunction with
evidence that's been presented so far at
trial that shows that kind of wanton use
of pepper spray and protect our weapons
and the police commander saying over the
radio as soon as the protests began
leaving Logan Circle that the intention
was to arrest everyone with those things
kind of in combination it's very
unlikely that there will be actually
fair and impartial inquiry and any kind
of legitimate findings of actual police
abuses and misconduct like it that day
so this is the first trial right now we
have 30 seconds Jude you call this case
the canary in the coalmine what do you
mean by that I meant that the
implications for this case and how this
child goes are something that will have
echoes all across the country with that
if the prosecution is successful in
calling political organizing and
Association and resistance to like the
overt rides white supremacy and you know
fascism under Trump then that's
something that other prosecutors other
police in across the country can try to
replicate this prosecutors attempt to
call political organizing conspiracy and
threaten people with decades in prison
if people want to find out more than go
to defend j-20 resistance to RG and we
also have a fundraiser to raise legal
support money for the defendants and
that's the frente xx resistance or GA /
donate Jude thanks so much for being
with us Jude Ortiz of just defend j-20
and National Lawyers Guild Elizabeth
llege essa J 20 defendant and plaintiff
in the ACLU lawsuit this is democracy
now when we come back floating
Guantanamo z-- stay with us
