well on to the tax bill well republicans
are rapidly pushing forward with their
efforts to pass president trump's tax
plan which would overhaul the code in
order to shower billions of dollars in
tax cuts upon the richest americans
including president trump's own family
on tuesday the senate budget committee
passed the senate version of the plan
with all republicans on the panel voting
for it and all democrats voting against
protesters disrupted the committee
hearing tuesday with chants of kill the
bill don't kill us several were arrested
the plan will now go to the full senate
for a vote as early as thursday the
senate bill slashes the corporate tax
rate and gives further tax cuts to
wealthy business owners it would also
repeal the key provision of the
affordable care act the requirement that
most americans have health insurance
experts say re recalling this provision
known as the individual mandate would
cause the cost of health insurance to
skyrocket the vote came after president
trump met with senate republicans on
capitol hill he later told reporters he
thinks the republican tax bill will be
quote very popular
we're in a very good position in terms
of the meeting we just had over at the
capitol with the republican senators it
was outstanding i think we have
tremendous support i was just informed
by mitch that we
had a unanimous vote from the republican
side at least we had a unanimous vote
on the tax bill
and it goes now the next step and i
think we're going to get it passed i
think it's going to pass and it's going
to be very popular it's going to have
lots of adjustments before it ends
but the end result would be a very very
massive the largest in the history of
our country tax cut
democrats have had nearly no say in
crafting the tax plan house and senate
majority leaders nancy pelosi and chuck
schumer boycotted a meeting on tuesday
with trump and republican lawmakers
after he appeared to refuse to negotiate
on key issues like spending health care
and immigration trump then held a news
conference between two empty chairs with
signs for pelosi and schumer on them
i think they want tax increases and we
want major tax decreases
so they decided not to show up
they've been all talk and they've been
no action and now
it's even worse now it's
not even talk
so they're not showing up for the
meeting
the image of president trump
surrounded by two empty chairs has
appeared to backfire against him and has
become a meme meanwhile the house
democratic leader pelosi responded on
twitter saying real donald trump know
now knows that his verbal abuse will no
longer be tolerated his empty chair
photo op showed he's more interested in
stunts than in addressing the needs of
the american people poor ryan and
mcconnell relegated to props sad she
tweeted this comes as a house version of
the tax bill passed earlier this month
would cut the corporate tax rates from
35 percent to 20 percent as the year
winds down with no legislative
achievement since trump became president
republicans say they're determined to
pass tax reform by the end of the year
well for more we're joined by heather
mcgee president of deimos in deimos
action heather wow a lot has happened in
these last 24 hours talk about this tax
bill that was passed and what the house
is also considering
this tax bill is an outrage at a time of
record economic inequality when half of
american families couldn't pay a 400
bill without going into debt or selling
something this bill would give hundreds
of billions of dollars to the wealthiest
one percent it is a sop not actually to
the republican base because this is an
enormously unpopular bill if there's one
silver lining is that the american
people are not falling for the
republican uh tax scam they understand
that it's just going to the wealthy and
big corporations that they they think
are already running away with the store
and so you've got a bill that is
historically unpopular the only bill in
polling history that's been more
unpopular has actually been the
republican
repeal of obamacare and yet they on the
hill think that this is a political
imperative why is that and they've been
willing to say it because their donors
some of the wealthiest people in this
country are saying we will turn off the
spigot if you do not pass this tax cut
for me my businesses and my inher my
heirs it's disgusting it's immoral it's
going to make it harder for working
class and middle class families to buy a
house to pay down student debt and go to
college and the cbo recently said that
it's going to raise taxes this massive
trump tax cut is going to cat cut his
taxes and those of his children but it's
going to raise taxes on people making
under 30 thousand dollars almost
immediately and even those folks in the
middle class who supposedly will get tax
cuts
those tax cuts many of them will expire
after 10 years whereas those tax cuts
for the wealthy and for the corporations
are permanent tax cuts that's right
that's exactly right juan so within 10
years uh families making under 75 000 a
year will definitely see a tax increase
we're also very aware people who live in
states where their state and local
governments actually invest in their
communities and have higher property and
income taxes
mostly blue states are going to not be
able to deduct as much of that tax
much of that taxes much of that tax that
they pay
and so it is going to put pressure on
state and local governments to cut taxes
as well we are seeing a hollowing out of
our national treasure we are seeing
nearly two trillion dollars added to the
deficit and the debt and honestly the
big concern for us on that is think
about all of the missed opportunities
the way that we could be investing in
our infrastructure to stop poisoning our
families the way we could be
transitioning to a clean energy economy
creating free college affordable child
care and health care we could really do
so much with these funds and instead we
are giving it to corporations and people
who have never been richer and never
been more profitable let's go to senator
bernie sanders at a hearing talking
about the tax bill's impact on the
federal budget
how many hours have i sat here and have
used that there and we've seen all the
charts and all the discussions about how
terrible the deficit is what it means
leaving this burden to our kids and our
grandchildren we heard all of that
rhetoric year after year
and now we have a bill that raises the
deficit by 1.4 trillion dollars
so 1.4 trillion dollars it raises the
deficit and then talk about the
individual mandate and what uh
affordable health healthcare what this
is going to mean for that well those
those of us who who follow this closely
never believed the republicans sort of
chicken hawking about the deficit we
knew it was always about an ideological
desire to shrink government so that they
could cut taxes and so what they're
doing is cutting taxes and shrinking
government and it doesn't matter
the the
rules that they're using is saying that
it will that these tax cuts will grow
the economy and therefore somehow pay
for themselves
41 out of 42 economists of all
ideological stripes surveyed by the
university of chicago said that this
massive tax cut would lead to no
substantial economic growth and ceos are
agreeing they're saying if you give us a
windfall without there being any change
in the underlying dynamics without more
customers coming into our shops because
working and middle class people just
don't have enough money to be fueling
this consumer economy we're just going
to give that money to our investors and
our shareholders so it's going to be yet
another aspect of the windfall that's
not going to create middle-class good
jobs workers just don't have the
bargaining power to make that kind of a
windfall to corporations translate into
their pockets i want to ask you about
two other aspects of this tax reform one
is where the senate version of the bill
is actually
worse in some ways than the house
because there were some republican
senators who were concerned about the
so-called pass-throughs if you can talk
about that these llc's that are
basically used by lawyers and real
estate people and and that they want a
better cut
for uh for those who are uh use llcs or
limited liability companies can you talk
about that right so um law firms even
hedge funds um
lots of wealthy people who have business
income that they get from you know
various endeavors trump has like 500 and
the entire trump organization the vast
majority of it itself is a pass-through
so that money comes in not into a
separate business but just comes
straight through as personal income and
today is taxed at personal income and
because the vast majority of these
people these business owners are in the
one percent they have the highest
marginal tax rate this would change it
so that it would be that lower corporate
tax rate that they're slashing and so it
would be a huge windfall to a lot of the
people who constitute the republican
political donor base and what has
happened to a pet peeve of mine has been
what i call the amnesty for tax dodging
corporations this repatriation of money
from overseas where basically the plan
that both many democrats as well as
republicans supported was to
retroactively lower the taxes that that
they haven't already paid so they can
repatriate them to the united states
what's happened to that in the bill
that's exactly you put it exactly as it
is and then they're going to have a zero
percent tax rate on foreign profits so a
lot of analysts are saying this will
encourage even more companies to create
operations overseas so it would actually
potentially make the job situation that
we have even worse and the individual
mandate
and you know republicans are obsessed
with undoing president obama's legacy
and so they want to go back at the
incredibly unpopular attempt to repeal
uh affordable health care in this
country and so they want to get rid of
the individual mandate the effect of
that will be to make health insurance
premiums go up for everyone and
if you look at the different just bread
and butter issues that american families
are struggling with student debt being
able to afford a home
child care health care all of those
things could go up considerably for
working considerably for working in
middle class families while rich
families get even more money for just
opening an envelope from there and you
mentioned the effect on students well
today there are 44 graduate student
walkouts planned around the country to
protest a measure that is tucked away in
the budget that passed the house earlier
this month
that measure would amount to a pay cut
of thousands of dollars for graduate
students by reclassifying their tuition
waivers as taxable income students say
the move could diminish the number of
students who will even consider graduate
school and hurt the chances for current
students of finishing impacting critical
research for more we're joined from
hilliard ohio by jenna freudenberg a
fourth year graduate student in
astronomy at ohio state university an
organizer with the stave graduate save
graduate education movement who's
joining heather mcgee in this discussion
jenna welcome to democracy now explain
exactly what is in the house bill
thanks for having me um yes so the
particular provision in the house bill
that
concerns graduate students the most is
this provision that would reclassify our
tuition waivers and tuition reductions
as taxable income the way that graduate
education especially for those of us
pursuing phds has proceeded in this
country for many years is that we
provide research and teaching services
as part of our work as graduate students
and in exchange for that we receive
usually quite modest stipends and we
receive tuition waivers because
universities recognize it's not
economical for students to go into debt
or to or to be unable to support
themselves while they complete their
phds so um this is the way it's been for
quite a while under these new provisions
uh the waivers and the reductions that
we receive in tuition would be taxed and
this would result in tax increases of
hundreds and hundreds of percent
even for public university students the
situation is even more dire for students
at private universities where the
tuition is higher so this is the
particular provision we are most
concerned about however this is just one
of a number of troubling provisions in
both the house and the senate versions
of the bill that target higher education
for example under
one of the versions of the bill
we would no longer be able to deduct our
student loan interest payments from our
taxes the lifetime learning credit is
going to be eliminated and as you were
discussing earlier the state and local
tax deductions are going to be
eliminated which are a major way that
states
are incentivized to provide funding for
their public higher education systems so
this really is an assault on higher
education and it's something that
graduate students in particular are
finding very concerning
what are your plans today
so uh today we have about 50
universities at this point uh that have
organized their own grassroots actions
to protest this bill
at my university ohio state we're
actually hosting a teach-in and a
grade-in where we are going to be
publicly performing our work as academic
laborers we're going to be grading we're
going to be doing our research we're
going to be hearing from our colleagues
about how this tax bill will affect them
at other universities students are
staging walkouts out of their classrooms
students are holding rallies on their
campus quads students are holding phone
banking sessions to be to contact their
local lawmakers so we have a whole wide
variety of grassroots actions and we've
decided to band together and hold all of
those actions on the same day to send
the message as this bill progresses
through congress that it would be
terrible for grad students terrible for
higher education and we strongly oppose
it and urge our lawmakers to vote
against it and have you been able to
identify
any particular lawmakers especially
let's say in the senate who might be
open to pressure by
students across the country or in in
particular states
well it's a bit of a tricky one in the
senate because the senate version of the
bill does not have this particular
provision that we've been discussing
that would tax our tuition waivers that
particular provision is in the house
version of the bill and we've identified
some lawmakers in the house that we've
been trying to pressure
for
for example senator pat teaberry who is
the representative for the ohio 12th
district uh near columbus here um is on
the house ways and means committee he
had a major hand in crafting this bill
and
will be instrumental in any future
changes that might have to occur as part
of a reconciliation process should this
bill proceed through the senate so we're
seeking public commitments from him from
other local central ohio lawmakers uh
for my group and for
other local lawmakers for the other
schools who are
protesting today as well as from our
senators that they will
publicly commit to opposing any version
of the bill that attacks higher
education in this way so heather mcgee
what is gained by this and the profound
effect this will have on education i
mean schools across the country could
lose half their graduate students who
simply cannot afford to do this anymore
we have seen over the past decade really
an increasing campaign by the right-wing
media to demonize higher education and
if you think about what are the sources
of progressive values in power they are
labor unions they are the government
itself the idea of a public
a public good itself and they are higher
education republicans know
that as you get more educated you are
more likely to hold progressive values
and vote for a democrat i think this is
very clearly part of a campaign to make
college the enemy to make
higher education
no longer the route to upward mobility
that it has been and um
there's no reason in an economy where
getting a
bachelor's degree is now the ticket to a
middle-class job which it shouldn't be
right working-class jobs shouldn't be
poverty jobs we should have strong
unions and high labor standards so that
you don't have to college to get a
degree but that's what the conservative
economic system has created and now they
want to make that degree even more out
of reach one thing i did want to say i
think that the walkouts and the protests
that jenna and her
colleagues are organizing are amazing
and we do still have some opportunity to
kill this bill that's what i wanted to
ask you about what can be done with the
steamroller despite what public opinion
is the republican majority and the
president seem determined to get a bill
passed in the next couple of weeks and
then of course the reconciliation of two
bad bills
what can people who want to stop this do
so i would recommend that people go to a
source like indivisible.org that really
gives excellent calling tools for you to
be able to call your senator
obviously if you are in the states of
maine tennessee arizona oklahoma kansas
wisconsin or montana those are the
places where republicans have been on
the fence for various reasons after the
press conference yesterday and the
meeting with
donald trump
a few of them said i might be more
willing to vote for the bill but until
they've actually done that roll call
vote people should be calling in
including to their democratic senators
to make the impression very clear on the
hill that the american people are
watching because they know this is
unpopular
we have to wrap up now and in fact we're
headed to oklahoma to talk about another
issue to speak with the cherokee lawyer
and attorney about pocahontas what is
her life story but he did want to
briefly ask you in this last 30 seconds
this latest news matt lauer
