this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm not mean shape
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
on Capitol Hill president Trump's
nominee to head the CIA Jena Haspel
announced she would not restart the
CIA's interrogation program but she
repeatedly refused to call the CIA's
post 9/11 treatment of prisoners torture
and declined to state whether she
believes torture is immoral hospitals
comments came in testimony to the Senate
Intelligence Committee as she made her
case to become the first woman to head
the agency Haspel is a 33 year CIA
veteran who was responsible for running
a secret CIA black site in Thailand in
2002 where one prisoner was waterboarded
and tortured in other ways Hospital also
oversaw the destruction of video tapes
showing torture at the black site this
is Democratic senator Kamla Harris of
California questioning Haspel do you
believe that the previous interrogation
techniques were immoral senator I
believe that CIA officers to whom you
referred it's a yes or no answer do you
believe the previous interrogation
techniques were immoral I'm not asking
do you believe they were legal I'm
asking do you believe they were immoral
senator I believe that CIA is ordinary
work to prevent another attack on this
country given the legal tools that we
were authorized answer yes or no do you
believe in hindsight that those
techniques were immoral senator what I
believe sitting here today is that I
support the higher moral standard we
have decided to hold ourselves answer
the question senator I think I've
answered the question you've not Gina
hospitals confirmation hearing was
repeatedly interrupted by anti-torture
protesters
[Music]
another protestor who interrupted
hassles hearing was retired 27 years CIA
officer Ray McGovern in dramatic video
posted online police can be seen
dragging the 78 year old McGovern out of
the room throwing him to the ground who
spoke to Ray McGovern and jail said he's
being held overnight and faces
arraignment this morning Ray McGovern
long time worked for the CIA one of the
top briefers for President George HW
Bush years ago on Wednesday night
President Trump tweeted Jena Haspel did
a spectacular job today
there is nobody even close to run the
CIA he tweeted but at least two
Republican senators have come out
against hostile Rand Paul and John
McCain McCain said her quote role in
overseeing the use of torture is
disturbing and her refusal to
acknowledge tortures immorality is
disqualifying but Havel may still be
confirmed with the help of Democratic
lawmakers Democratic Senator Joe Manchin
of West Virginia has already announced
he'll back Haspel for more were joined
by Jeremy Scahill
co-founder of the intercept host of the
weekly podcast intercepted off
the books blackwater the rise of the
world's most powerful mercenary army and
dirty wars the world is a battlefield
and the oscar-nominated film dirty Wars
Jeremy welcome back to Democracy Now
talk about what happened yesterday and
talk about Gina hospitals record well
first of all III think that if we look
at the fact that we're 17 years removed
from 9/11 and we look at how this
country has not come to terms with all
of the acts of torture kidnapping
extrajudicial killing that was done with
the veneer of legalism put over it by
very creative albeit creative in a sort
of evil way lawyers in the Bush
administration what has resulted in not
holding those torturers accountable is
that one of them is now ascending to the
highest post in the CIA and you know Amy
the the CIA is generally prohibited from
engaging in operations inside of the
United States and also prohibited from
engaging in propaganda aimed at the
American people and yet to me this whole
Gina Haspel nomination really seems like
a CIA operation itself you know the CIA
throughout history from its origins and
this was the case with its predecessor
the OSS has had a mastery of of coos and
interventions and interfering in affairs
of other nations and waging propaganda
battles
Gina Haspel when she was nominated for
the CIA was the recipient of an enormous
amount of support from the CIA's social
media accounts Twitter and and and
others and it was a propaganda campaign
that was aimed at all of us at the
American people it was aimed at
lawmakers it was aimed at journalists
where they sort of tweeted a and they
did it over and over and over and they
even did it once Haspel was technically
in charge of the CIA where they're
giving her biography making her sound
like some combination of like Lara Croft
Tomb Raider with Jack Bauer I mean it
was it was really kind of incredible and
then they selectively the CIA decline
defied documents including one from a
Hillary Clinton supporter Mike Morell
the former acting director of the CIA
that sought to exonerate Jena Haspel of
any wrongdoing in the destruction of the
CIA tapes pinning all of the blame on
her boss Jose Rodriguez the reason I'm
bringing all of this up is because Gina
Haspel is has been embraced by
Republican and Democratic nominees
everyone from John Brennan who was sort
of Obama's killer priest you know they
always said Oh John Brennan it's like
he's like priest like he has this great
conscience this man ran a global
assassination program Michael Haydon
Bush's former CIA director I actually
respect his intellectual honesty because
unlike Brennan and clapper and others
Hayden says I support torture and
torture works and that's part of why I
support Gina Haspel what we saw
yesterday was a CIA propaganda operation
Gina Hass bowls answers were very
carefully prepared the way she refused
to answer
qumola Harris's questions about the
immorality of of torture and you know
when one of the things I found was
astounding was she said the CIA has
historically not been in the business of
interrogations what on earth is she
talking about and why wasn't she pressed
on that I believe that what she was
doing was relying on a technicality
which is that the CIA
traditionally outsources those
interrogations or they will have people
like those the the mental health
professionals Mitchell and Jessen who
were essentially the ones that came in
and said here's how we can reverse
engineer the tactics that we used to
train our own personnel to resist
torture or to face torture let's reverse
engineer that and actually apply it in
an offensive manner against prisoners so
the the fact that this hearing was was
it was a farce where unfortunately some
of the Democrats and all of the
Republicans engaged in a collective
endorsement of what is I in my view
quite clearly a CIA propaganda
raishin it's a coup of sorts to have
someone like gina Haspel who has been
involved destroying evidence torture
kidnapping and refuses refuses to
denounce any of it I mean it's it's it's
incredible that 17 years after 9/11 and
and I'm sorry Obama plays a huge role in
how this happened the moment Obama said
we need to look forward not backward was
the moment that Gina Haspel was able to
become a viable candidate for CIA and I
mean this is this is a very very serious
development and the result of a probably
extra legal propaganda campaign and an
operation aimed at the domestic American
public well I want to go back to who you
mentioned Democratic senator Kamla
Harris of California questioning Gina
Hospital at Wednesday's hearing would
you agree that given this appearance of
conflict or potential conflict around
the classification or declassification
of these documents that would you agree
that director Coates instead should have
the responsibility for declassification
decisions regarding your background
senator I think one important thing is
that this committee plays a unique role
to review the classified record and we
have sent over every piece of paper we
can lay our hands on about my classified
record all of my evaluations over a
33-year career and I hope every senator
has had the opportunity to look at that
classified material but there are
another question for you then because I
only have a few minutes left I don't
have a few seconds left
the president has asserted that torture
works do you agree with that statement
senator I I I don't believe that torture
works I believe that in the cia's
program and and I'm not attributing this
to enhanced interrogation techniques I
believe as many people directors who
have sat in this chair before me that
valuable information was obtained from
senior al-qaeda operatives that allowed
us to defend this country and prevent
another attack is that a yes no it's not
a yes we got valuable information from
the briefing of al-qaeda detainees
and I don't I don't think it's knowable
whether interrogation techniques played
a role in that
so Jeremy if you could respond to what
Gina Hospital said and also elaborate on
what exactly she was responsible for at
that a CIA black site in Thailand well
the CIA black site in Thailand was was
called cat's-eye and you know at the
time gina Haspel was I mean they
described her as a as a mid-level you
know officer in the CIA but let's
remember this was the most closely
guarded sensitive program of the
immediate aftermath of 9/11 and they
chose Gina Haspel the CIA chose Gina
Haspel to to be in charge of one of the
main black sites that the CIA was using
when they would either kidnap individual
they call it rendition its kidnap when
they would kidnap individuals purchase
them from warlords or receive them from
Allied forces either in the Middle East
or in Afghanistan and Pakistan and her
job was to oversee the interrogation the
the debriefing as she puts it of
prisoners that were snatched off the
battlefield and the rationale for it was
a we need to find out who knows what
about how 9/11 happened and who planned
it and be them are there more attacks
planned and if you remember at that time
17 years ago
there was a lot of concern that there
was gonna be another attack there was
the whole anthrax thing going I mean
there was there was real hysteria so
that is the part of it that they that
that at yesterday's hearings everyone
put the focus on it was like let's
remember what was going on at that time
so hospital is sent there and my
understanding is that prior to her
arriving there there was some extreme
torture used against prisoners and then
during her time there what what they've
publicly acknowledged is that at least
one individual was waterboarded dozens
and dozens of time slammed against a
wall I mean the whole focus has been on
waterboarding and and Gina Haspel
yesterday said well I will follow the US
Army Field Manual
which which is which which has been on
the books for a long time and remains on
the books of what DoD personnel are
allowed to do during an interrogation
and that includes extreme sleep
deprivation sensory deprivation putting
people in very confined spaces I mean
let's write they would put people in
boxes this the CIA would they they
sometimes would place inside of those
boxes insects and tell them they were
poisonous they would do walling where
they would have a chain on one side of
the wall the prisoner is attached that
chain on the other side of the wall with
a hole in it and they could yank them
and then slam them against a wall and
then you had of course waterboarding now
you know the question was oh is this
immoral and Gina hospital kept saying
well it was legal Gina there's no record
that Gina Haspel protested expressed
concern and there is a record that at
other sites and in fact at that site
later that interrogators did sort of
rebel and say wait a minute are we
really supposed to be doing this I mean
you know as Trump became president I've
spent a lot of time over the past year
year and a half studying World War two
and the aftermath of World War two and
of course everyone has heard of the
Nuremberg trials where the Nazis were
were put on trial and it was everyone
from very high-ranking people all the
way down to lower ranking people in fact
they're they're very recently in the
past years the Israelis and the United
States have both tried to apprehend
people that were guards and facilities
people that weren't even accused of
directly killing anyone and the
Nuremberg principles dictate that saying
you were just doing your job is not a
defense and yet that is the primary
defense of Gina Haspel and and Amy final
point on this in Japan after World War
two the tribunal was called the Tokyo
trials and yes they they'd prosecute a
very top level people they also
prosecuted as US prosecutors they also
prosecuted Japanese soldiers for
waterboarding for waterboarding American
POWs and I read the primary testimony of
some of those soldiers Ted Kennedy
actually in 2006 on the floor of the
Senate read some of the testimony of
American soldiers who had water
their nostrils doused on their faces
some of those people were executed and
among the charges they were executed for
was waterboarding not solely
waterboarding but the waterboarding was
one of the main charges and others were
sentenced to 15 years of hard labor
what's Gena Haspel sentence Oh to be
nominated as Central Intelligence Agency
drive let's go to Jack Reed the
Democratic senator of Rhode Island
questioning Gena Haspel if one of your
operators were captured subjected to
waterboarding and enhanced interrogation
techniques which you I believe supervise
would you consider that to be moral
since perhaps the other entity did not
have legal restrictions and good
tradecraft as you appear to do when you
involved it previously senator I don't
believe the terrorists follow any
guidelines or civilized norms or the law
CIA follows the law madam you seem to be
saying that you were not following
civilized norms and the law or anything
else when you were conducting those same
activities if that's the analogy you're
going to draw sir I'm sorry can you read
I get very simple you have an Operations
Officer who's captain he's being
waterboarded I've asked you very simply
would you determine that to be immoral
and something that should never be done
condoned in any way shape or form your
response seems to be that civilized
nations don't do it but uncivilized
nations do it uncivilized groups do it
the United States as a civilization a
civilized nation was doing it until was
outlawed by this Congress senator I
would never obviously support inhumane
treatment of any CIA officers and let's
turn to Republican senator Susan Collins
of Maine questioning Gena Haspel as the
candidate president Trump repeatedly
expressed his support for waterboarding
in fact he said we should go beyond
waterboarding
so if the CIA has a high-value terrorism
suspect in its custody and the president
gave you a direct order to waterboard
that suspect what would you do senator I
would advise I do not believe the
president would ask me to do that
no Gina hospital doesn't believe that
the president would ask her to do that
this is Donald Trump while he was
running for president don't tell me it
doesn't work to what your works okay
folks tortured oh you know I have these
guys tortured does it work believe me it
works okay and waterboarding is your
minor form some people say it's not
actually torture let's assume it is but
they asked me the question what do you
think'll what a pudding absolutely fine
but we should go much stronger than
waterboarding that's the way I feel I
would go much stronger than
waterboarding says president Trump
Jeremy Scahill you know my question for
anybody watching who listening right now
is when you when you hear the phrase
speaking truth to power
you know you who do you think of you
think of people like Martin Luther King
you think of you know activists you
think of people of conscience that is
the phrase that that lawmakers have been
you know the people that introduced her
former CIA directors they say Gina
Haskell is the person that you want
speaking truth to power and and and and
there's this sort of hashtag resistance
view of Gina Haspel that exists which is
well Haspel already knows all of this
stuff she understands she's been the CI
for 30 years she's gonna be able to sort
of do that dance with Trump and stand up
to him know we already know how she
views these there were people that were
interrogators that protested there were
CIA officers and State Department people
who resigned
Gina Haspel followed the orders and and
and so whether it is George Bush and
Dick Cheney or it's Donald Trump the
track record of Gina Haspel is that she
does what she's told even if it's a
heinous act of torture what about the
destruction of the videotapes explain
what she did first of all Gina Haspel
claimed in this hearing that there were
92 tapes and that it was 92 tapes of one
individual
you know Jason Leopold who is a BuzzFeed
news journalist that has done really
incredible work FOIA information he and
Marcy wheeler have tracked the the this
stuff more than anyone else said that it
was tapes of of two individuals Jeana
Haspel claims that they took the that
they had these recordings that there was
concern because the program meaning the
extraordinary rendition program and the
black sites program had started to seep
out into the media it was being reported
on Washington Post New York Times I hurt
other people and and they said oh well
we can't have these things leaked
because it's going to put at risk the
the agents in the field and Haspel and
her boss Jose Rodriguez who openly brags
he goes on his book tours it's a openly
brags that he he jump-started the
torture program said it worked etc
Haspel was his deputy at the time that
the these tapes were ordered destroyed
and hospital had to actually draft the
memo for Jose Rodriguez now it's her
defenders portrayed as though she was
like Rodriguez his secretary and was
doing no she was one of the people that
ran the site were score these tapes they
were film so and she said openly in the
hearing which which actually
contradicted a lot of what what her
defenders said about her she said she
absolutely supported destroying the
tapes now and then she's then she's
asked during the hearing no mind you
this is someone who is up for CIA
director she's asked why didn't you
preserve a copy of it in a secure way
okay we understand that you know that
you wanted to destroy any tapes that may
have been not held securely
why didn't you preserve a cop she says
oh I'm not a technical person huh you're
not a technical person and you're gonna
be the director of the CIA this is what
I'm saying
this whole thing is a PSYOP against us
well let's turn to Democratic Senator
Dianne Feinstein of California
questioning Gina hospital yesterday were
