this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm not mean che
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
we begin today's show looking at how
progressive candidate Andrew Gilliam
pulled off a stunning upset in Florida's
Democratic primary for governor Tuesday
putting him on a path to become the
state's first african-american governor
if he wins in November the 39 year old
mayor of Tallahassee was backed by
Bernie Sanders and spent millions less
than his better funded opponents
including former congresswoman Gwen
Graham the daughter of Bob Graham the
former governor and Senator Gilliam was
the only non millionaire in the five
candidate race on the campaign trail
Gilliam called from Medicare for all
abolishing ice reforming the criminal
justice system repealing Florida's Stand
Your Ground law and increasing corporate
taxes president Trump hand-picked
gillum's Republican opponent in the
governor's race
congressman Ron De Santis and on
Wednesday he tweeted Trump tweeted quote
not only did congressman Ron de Santos
easily win the Republican primary but
his opponent in November is his biggest
dream
a failed socialist mayor named Andrew
Gilliam who's allowed crime and many
other problems to flourish in his City
this is not what Florida wants or needs
he wrote De Santis who's white then drew
widespread outrage Wednesday when he
used racist language to describe Gilliam
in an interview with Fox News work hard
to make sure that we continue Florida
going in a good direction let's build
off the success we've had on Governor
Scott the last thing we need to do is to
monkey this up by trying to embrace a
socialist agenda with huge tax increases
and bankrupting the state during the
same interview De Santis referred to
Gilliam as an articulate spokesman for
far-left views Fox News anchor Sandra
Smith later told viewers quote we do not
condone this language and wanted to make
our viewers aware that he has since
clarified his statement De Santis
spokesperson Steven
Lawson said quote Rhonda Santos was
obviously talking about Florida not
making the wrong decision to embrace the
socialist policies that Andrew Gilliam
espouses to characterize it as anything
else is absurd Andrew Gilliam later
appeared on Fox News himself and was
asked to respond to decentest saying
monkey this up he spoke to anchor
Shepard Smith yeah that part wasn't lost
on me it's very clear that mr. DeSantis
is taking a page directly from the
campaign manual of Donald Trump but I
think he's got another thing coming to
him if he thinks that in today's day and
age Florida voters are going to respond
to that level of division and division
they're sick of it what we're trying to
offer in this race was that racist aura
for everyone it was a state was that
racist or a figment of speak well well
in the handbook of Donald Trump they no
longer do whistle calls they're now
using full bull horns for more we're
joined by two guests who've worked with
Andrew Gilliam in Miami Florida
Phillip Agnew is with us co-director of
dream defenders a community based
movement organization in 2013 Andrew
Gilliam was a city commissioner in
Tallahassee
when Agnew in the dream defenders led
the take over the state capitol to
protest the acquittal of George
Zimmerman in the shooting death of
unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin Gilliam
supported their direct action the next
year Gilliam was elected mayor Agnew and
the dream defenders have also worked to
support Andrew Gilliam in Florida's
governor's race and in our New York
studio we're joined by Charlene
Carruthers national director of the
black youth project 100 she worked with
Andrew Gilliam in a program that trains
young people to run for office and
teaches them how to run campaigns her
new book is just out it's titled
unapologetic a black queer and feminist
mandate for radical movements we welcome
you both to Democracy Now Phillip Agnew
in Florida let's begin with you first
your response to Ron DeSantis and what
he said just hours after this upset
victory in the Democratic prime
where Andrew Gilliam one talk about his
words monkeying it up well down here in
Florida we call Rhonda Santa's Rhonda
distraction
Ron disaster he's trying to take Florida
back into a vision of the past and so we
don't spend time talking about him what
we're talking about are the issues that
Andrew talked about which is a new
vision we say down here that we're
moving with 20/20 vision and so there's
no need to look back all we need to do
is look forward and on Tuesday we saw
that the majority of people in the state
of Florida want to move forward they
want health care for all they wanted
answer the private prison system they
want raises for all public
schoolteachers they want an elected
official who is and isn't afraid to say
climate change let alone engage with
climate change and so we have an
opportunity after two decades of
Republican trifecta leadership in
Tallahassee in the governorship in the
house and in the Senate to actually
shift our state and move it from being a
political punchline to a model of what
it looks like when the people have power
and so moving back and talking about
candidates who obviously want to take us
back to their story past it's not really
worth our time right we are we have a
vision that we're putting forward the
freedom papers that says that we can
move from a state that invests in profit
to a state that invests in people
and so we're excited about Tuesday
because the climate in Florida is one of
affirmation right now that we've been
knocking on doors for the last six years
as dream defenders action and a
constellation of organizations have been
working for decades to ensure that on
Tuesday it takes two it takes 20 years
to be an overnight story but we're
excited and we knew that this was gonna
happen it wasn't stunning for us at all
I'm Phillip Agnew you said you're
looking ahead to 2020 so what do you
think gillum's victory might mean for
the 2020 presidential elections well
it's it's gillum's victory it's also the
fact that in November we're gonna have
the opportunity led by formerly
incarcerated people to bring the
franchise back to 1.4 million people
that have had the right to vote stolen
because they have a felony conviction in
a racist state and so what gillum's nom
nation and imminent candidacy and the
right to to vote for 1.4 million people
in the state of Florida tells us that we
have the opportunity in 2020 to change
the state that went barely rent for
Donald Trump that rick scott won by
sixty thousand votes four years ago we
have the opportunity to make a model
here and one as the state goes the
country goes and we have an opportunity
with those 1.4 million people with the
election of Andrew Gilliam as governor
to turn this state blue and then to move
a radical platform as we look to 2022
and 2024 in the next 20 years in the
state Philip Agnew take us back to 2012
and before let's get a fuller picture of
Andrew Gilliam he already made history
whether or not he becomes the governor
of Florida and he would be the first
african-american governor he's the first
african-american gubernatorial candidate
of a major party and go back in time and
talk about how dream defenders formed
and your work with Andrew Gilliam how
Andrew Gilliam rose up through the ranks
coming home to his state of Florida to
organize a me if you don't mind I'd like
to go back to 2003 I met Andrew Gilliam
while I was a student leader at Florida
A&M University I wound up being student
body president and Andrew Gilliam who
had been student body president had also
run and become the youngest Commissioner
in the city of Tallahassee at that point
his office was right off of campus and
it was in 2003 after seeing posters of
millions of people who had descended on
Tallahassee led by Andrew Gilliam as a
student leader in the arrival of five
March for affirmative action that I
really learned that the role as a
student leader at Florida A&M is not one
that is just concerned with the campus
but you are concerned with the lives of
the people of the state of Florida and
Andrew taught me that in 2003 so in 2012
when we start this organization it is
really with a motto of what andrew has
led for many many years in the state
we'd like to say Andrew Gilliam isn't a
friend of the movement he is a part of
the movement he is a part of a long
lineage of people and so not
in 2003 but in 2012 2013 2014 when we
protested as mayor of Tallahassee he
gave us a forum in Tallahassee and so
what we have here is a person who has
come from the grassroots who is risen
who has stayed in the state educated in
public schools went to college in
Florida and now has risen to being the
only black the first black nominee for
governor in the history of Florida and
so this is a story of many years of hard
work this is not a overnight sensation
this is somebody who has put in the work
who has been there and who has been a
model for people for many many years and
will continue to be one as governor now
you said you know he supported your
protest but it was much more than that
you did a month-long occupation of the
Florida State Capitol building now this
was in response to the killing of
Trayvon Martin and the whole
justification the Stand Your Ground law
that George Zimmerman used so explain
your role and Andrew gillum's role as an
elected official well we were protesting
the acquittal of George Zimmerman right
and so the entire country was angry and
up their arms and looking at Florida for
some sort of glimmer of hope and you
know we said at that time we had
occupied the capital for 30 days there
are many people who wouldn't touch us
but there are people like Charlene with
V Y P there are people like new Florida
visiting Florida immigrant coalition who
supported that occupation and you know
we said at that point Andrew Gilliam was
one of the only elected officials as a
commissioner to help us to deliver food
and to stand in the gap when people
wanted to kick us out and we said at the
end of that occupation a few years ago
that we would be back that Rick Scott
had not listened to us and that we were
going to leave the capital we were gonna
organize in our communities and that we
would be back to ensure that our job was
done and you know I'm not we thought it
was gonna take about two months for us
to get back and bring the masses of
people back to the capital and demand
justice
but little did we know that it would
actually take many many years and at
this time when we come back
to the governor's mansion in the
governor's office we wouldn't be
occupying and yelling at a governor who
wouldn't listen we will be occupying for
the next four years with the governor
who comes from the ranks of movement
organizations and knows how to build so
andrew Gilliam has been there and this
is just an affirmation another promise
kept by the movement organizations on
the ground in Florida that we can build
when you knock on doors when you talk to
people when you don't just rely on
social media when you do the hard work
you don't see the immediate results and
this is what you get you get one of the
most stunning victories in the country
on Tuesday well during the campaign
Andrew Gilliam said that The Stand Your
Ground law has created a state of
emergency in Florida and called on
Governor Scott to issue an executive
order suspending the law quote if he
won't when I'm governor I will Gilliam
said the consequence of confusion over
how stand your ground is applied in this
state can result in the loss of life of
otherwise innocent people it is in fact
an emergency in the state of Florida
when parents have to be concerned about
their children or themselves being
gunned down again under the color of the
law of stand your ground to feel like
you can you respond to what Gilliam said
there and also give a sense of what the
impact of Stand Your Ground has been
across Florida well of course we agree I
think if you look at the state of
Florida we have a number of states of
emergency in education there's a state
of emergency criminal justice in the
environment there's a state of emergency
in health care there's a state of
emergency and so a mayor Gilliam has a
lot of work to do on day one when he
enters the office stand your ground
specifically is a part of a bevy of laws
put forward by Marion hammer and the
racist NRA in the state of Florida and
so what we've seen is laws that are
germinated and built in Florida are then
exported around the country and so for a
law like stand-your-ground to be
stricken down in Florida that that bodes
well for many other states that are
fighting similar copycat laws that were
started in Florida and the impact has
been heavy
you now have a populace of people who
have been living in Trump's America for
many many years they feel that just by
being a little bit afraid of someone
else that they can murder them in cold
blood and what it is done is built a
environment of great fear when you go to
school we saw what happened many months
ago in in February in Parkland what
young people are afraid they're afraid
to be in school they're afraid to be in
their neighborhoods if you live in
Liberty City you're afraid to live in
Liberty City because you got gun
violence there as well and so we have an
environment that is friendly to guns and
very unfriendly to young people and with
a mayor Gilliam and governor Gilliam in
office we have the opportunity to put
the brakes on that and then to begin to
bring forward a new bevy of laws that
create a safe environment that aren't
invested in guns in the NRA but are
invested in the lives and the livelihood
of young people women immigrants and
citizens of Florida we are also joined
by Charlene Carruthers National Director
founding director of the black youth
project 100 author of unapologetic a
black queer and feminist mandate for
radical movements you go way back with
Philip Agnew is that right back to
elementary school we went to the same
elementary school on the south side of
Chicago and you go way back with Andrew
Gilliam yes if you can talk about how
you knew him mm-hmm
so in about 2011 2012 I was a part of a
program called the frontline leaders
Academy and basically they brought
together black brown LGBTQ young folks
from across the country to train on how
to run campaigns and even more
importantly how to run for office
ourselves and amazingly since then some
of my cohort members have actually been
elected and Andrew was a part of the
leadership of that program alongside
Rebecca Thompson and for me what I
remember most about Andrew at that time
this was Washington D yes this was in
Washington DC and what I remember most
about Andrew at that time and years
after that be it at the Capitol during
the occupation by power you and the
dream defenders was his accessibility
his willingness to listen his spirit
that was open
welcoming to young people I remember his
sister Moni Gilliam who's also a
sorority sister of mine she's a
powerhouse behind that campaign - and so
I am excited about the fact that the
campaign and the organizations including
dream defenders action including Florida
immigrant coalition collective PAC
color-change PAC who were on the ground
and decided to invest in the voters and
the people that other candidates and
parties have thrown away and when you
bet on our people it's not risky it's
not a gamble it's actually a sure bet
right and we said we saw well over what
a 500,000 voter increase from 2014 in
the primary election that's huge to see
and that doesn't happen because people
just felt like getting up to vote one
day it happens because they had a
platform to believe in they had a
candidate running on a platform to
believe in and they showed up because
they had organizations who value their
opinions and value the issues enough
that impact their lives to fight for it
so what do you think Charlene what do
you think gillum's victory means not
just for Florida but for across the u.s.
so I'm from Chicago where we have a
number of rank-and-file democrats who
actually are perhaps democratic and
named but in in all other ways they are
corrupt they don't actually act in the
best interest of the people from Mayor
Rahm Emmanuel in Chicago to various
members of our City Council to the
person who sits as governor in the state
of Illinois and so my hope is that it
sends a signal to organizations and
individuals to say that we need to move
radical agendas and not just focus on
candidates
Gilliam is amazing but he would not have
received this nomination for the
Democratic Party had he not had a
platform that young people that
immigrants that black folks brown folks
could actually get but media had put him
for yes now you have Stacey Abrams who
become the first african-american
governor of Georgia you have Ben Jealous
who if he wins would become the
he's running for governor of Maryland
and then you have Andrew Gilliam who
would become the first african-american
governor of Florida all trained as
activists and the manner you're talking
about in these kind of I remember when
when Stacey Abrams won Ben Jealous
tweeting the picture of the two of them
organizing years before so I think it's
super important to be clear about the
importance of moving platforms moving an
agenda that's about universal health
care for all people ending money bill
right legalizing marijuana which we know
there are people our people are sitting
in prisons and jails across the country
while this has been legalized right
and so candidates matter sure we have to
elect someone but they also need backup
when and if they're elected so if
Gilliam becomes when Gilliam becomes
governor when Abrams becomes governor
when jelous becomes governor if they
don't have a grassroots base to both
hold them accountable and to move that
agenda they won't be successful well I
want to turn to Fox News host Laura
Ingraham commenting on Andrew gillum's
upset victory in the Democratic
gubernatorial primary in Florida is the
African American male version of
Alexandria Acacio Cortese he's young
it's kind of dynamic and he's running on
a platform of universal medicare
legalize marijuana and abolishing ice
exciting and he's muted by hard left
Democrats is kind of a savior from the
stranglehold that the party's
establishment have had on their desires
hopes and dreams
so Charlene can you comment on that I
mean Fox News that's the same network
that DeSantis said monkey this up this
is more of the same we saw this in 2008
we saw it in 2012 and we saw a version
of it in 2016 where conservatives
Republicans where the the media that is
also controlled by corporate interests
use not just these these whistleblowers
but as Andrew noted like bull horns to
