this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
and I'm Juan Gonzalez welcome to all of
our listeners and viewers around the
country and around the world we begin
today's show looking at Sinclair
Broadcast Group well it's not a
household name Sinclair is one of the
most powerful TV companies in the nation
it owns 173 local TV stations across the
country including affiliates of all the
major networks and it's attempting to
grow even larger by purchasing tribune
media a three point nine billion dollar
deal currently under regulatory review
Sinclair has been widely criticized for
his close ties to the White House it's
chairman and former CEO David Smith is
active in Republican politics and
supported Donald Trump's campaign the
network's chief political analyst Boris
Epstein served as a senior adviser to
Trump's presidential campaign during the
2016 campaign Sinclair reportedly struck
a deal with the Trump campaign to give
it better media coverage well Sinclair
is coming under new criticism after it
ordered news anchors and scores of its
affiliate stations around the country to
recite nearly identical must-read
commentaries warning of the dangers of
fake news and language that echoed
president Trump's rhetoric the
commentaries reach millions of viewers
last month and drew widespread attention
after the website Deadspin published a
video over the weekend showing
side-by-side comparisons of the
broadcast from 45 Sinclair owned
stations hi I'm Fox and antonio's
Jessica Headley and I'm Ryan Wolff a
great responsibility is to Treasure
Valley communities deal pass a Las
Cruces communities Eastern Iowa
communities mid Michigan communities we
are extremely proud of the quality
balanced journalism that CBS 4 News
produces but
plaguing our country the sharing of
biased and false news has become all too
common on social media more alarming
some media outlets publish the same fake
stories without checking facts first the
sharing of biased and false news this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy after that video of clips
from Sinclair Broadcast Group went viral
President Trump publicly defended the
network
the president has tweeted about Sinclair
twice over the past two days this
morning
Trump tweeted quote the fake news
networks those that knowingly have a
sick and biased agenda are worried about
the competition and quality of Sinclair
Broadcast the fakers at CNN NBC ABC and
CBS have done so much dishonest
reporting that they should only be
allowed to get awards for fiction
Sinclair has defended its decision to
force dozens of anchors to read the same
script the company has described it as
quote corporate news journalistic
responsibility promotional campaign
joining us in Washington DC is Andy
Kroll senior reporter at Mother Jones
magazine where he's written extensively
about Sinclair Broadcast Group his
latest piece is headlined trumped
that Sinclair is far superior to CNN in
December Andy Croll wrote a long piece
headlined ready for Trump TV inside
Sinclair broadcasting's plot to take
over your local news
so Andy Croll why don't you start off by
talking about the significance of this
commentary that local reporters you know
people in their communities who are well
known across the country whose stations
were often independently owned now all
together under Sinclair broadcasting
being forced to read this commentary
what this means and what's happening
with Sinclair right now absolutely and
as you saw in that video the script the
the way in which this language is
identically read and the way that these
anchors were forced by the management of
Sinclair Broadcast Group to read these
scripts word for word is chilling it's
creepy
these videos have been described by some
people as hostage videos if you look at
the anchors in these clips the important
thing to understand about Sinclair is
that it is not like Fox News and how it
is organized Fox News obviously what you
know notorious for its conservative bent
and support for this president is a
channel on your cable box you know where
it is if you want to watch Fox News
you've changed the channel and you go
there and 24/7 you get Fox News Sinclair
is an entirely different creature
Sinclair is not the names - Clair does
not appear on the channels that we're
talking about when someone in El Paso or
someone in Fresno California or someone
in Kalamazoo Michigan turns on Alice and
Claire channel a Sinclair affiliate in
their hometown they don't see the name
Sinclair Broadcast Group they don't see
SBG they see the four letters and the
familiar faces of their local news and
so this message about false stories that
we heard in this anchor clip that you
played
the message about members of the media
trying to control quote exactly what you
think referring to the viewer which
alone is incredibly chilling language
these kinds of message are essentially
laundered through local anchors whose
job it is to build up trust with their
audiences who are familiar friendly
faces and that's what makes this ploy by
Sinclair so chilling so terrifying is
that this is not coming from some
obscure corporate executive that we
don't know those Sinclair has done that
as well it's coming through the anchors
and they are the ones being used there
as foot soldiers as one person put it in
support of a corporate agenda by
Sinclair Broadcast Group and Andy when
we hear a president Trump talking about
Sinclair as being far superior to CNN
clearly many people may have criticisms
of CNN but one thing that that network
does do is it provides its own original
reporting as you were saying many of
these Sinclair local stations usually
there they can be affiliates of one of
the other networks ABC CBS or NBC and
that but they do their loan they're
local news obviously but then Sinclair
pioneer this whole idea of regional
broadcast where basically you could be
getting your local news index town but
it could be being produced a hundred
miles away by another regional Sinclair
operation that's basically mass
producing quote local news that's right
Sinclair with this corporate model that
it has is known in the broadcast
business really for being ruthless about
cutting costs ruthless about
consolidation and finding ways to
eliminate staff to obviously bring in
more revenue and more profits and
increase its stock price and so what we
have seen with Sinclair in recent years
is an effort to outsource parts of the
local television production and delivery
process to try to save money we've seen
this in fact in the midwest region
in Toledo and in a part of Pennsylvania
we saw the anchors for those local
supposedly local television stations
owned by Sinclair actually that process
be outsourced to South Bend Indiana and
so that you had two anchors working out
of South Bend Indiana who were appearing
on a local Ohio television program and a
local Pennsylvania television program
and if you look online and as I've
reported in the past there are examples
when these anchors and the the programs
that they have run have actually
confused which the name of the station
and whether it's the Toledo station or a
different station there has been
confusion going from the local
meteorologists back to the regional out
sourced anchor desk it does not seem to
be a model that has worked particularly
well at least in the actual delivery and
quality of the broadcast of the local
news delivery however I'm told by people
who are familiar with st. Clare's plans
for its big expansion even before the
Tribune deal that this kind of model is
something that is being looked at this
outsourcing of parts of the news
production process taking anchors out of
the local communities this is something
that being considered and looked at in
other media markets as well I want to
turn to John Oliver talking about
Sinclair Broadcast Group during an
episode of last week tonight with John
Oliver perhaps the most troubling thing
of all is that Sinclair has a daily must
run segment called the terrorism alert
desk that is right they report on
terrorism every single day whether there
is something major to report on or not
which means that sometimes the updates
contain things like this the company in
charge of security for the Wimbledon
tennis tournament says the ringleader of
the London Bridge attack did apply for a
job now he was not interviewed and no
interview was scheduled he just filled
out an online application the ISIS flag
was found hanging in a neighborhood in
New Hampshire it was taken down and
police are looking and who put it there
from the terrorism alert desk in
Washington i'm lindsey mastis another
alerts my grandma heard a loud noise a
man
the bid asked me when the next bus is
coming and Iran still exists so there
you have John Oliver Andy Croll if you
could comment on this and then talk
about who owns Sinclair broadcasting
what the case is before the FCC and how
this devouring of local stations around
the country is different from other
media consolidation sure well the John
Oliver segments that he the pieces that
he highlighted the daily terrorism alert
dusts which often just seems like
frankly Islamophobic a brief bits of
news this is something that is a
Sinclair trademark they call these in
the business must run segments and so
there's the daily terrorism alert desk
another particularly egregious example
of this is called bottom line with Boris
Boris Epstein as Juan mentioned earlier
is a former Trump campaign official and
a former Trump White House aide briefly
who last year was hired to be sinclair's
chief political analyst his minute and
30 second segments bottom line with
Boris are required to be run every day
and they are shamelessly Pro Trump
basically whatever the president is
doing at that time whether its tariffs
whether it's the tax bill whether it's
opposing daca and if we can't like this
I'd like to run a clip from one of the
recent circles on Boris Epstein's show
bottom line in which he suggests that
the high turnover rate in the Trump
administration isn't necessarily a bad
thing
president Trump continues to reshape his
administration in the past few weeks the
president has announced a new Secretary
of State CIA director top economic
adviser national security advisor and
Secretary of Veterans Affairs more
changes are always possible so why all
the turnover well the president deserves
to have staff around him who support his
agenda and are doing a good job the
president is here to get results and not
to coddle staff or cabinet members the
changes be made are all done in order to
keep our country on a path of success on
the economy and national security
there's Boris I've seen some must run
comment
area that appears on the Sinclair
stations York your response if your
viewers heard that and are shaking their
head thinking what possible value there
could be in that commentary to even call
it a commentary is an insult to
commentary every one of Boris's clips is
along those lines whether it's on issues
whether it's on personnel the Baltimore
Sun television critic I think put it
best when he said Boris's segments are
quote the closest thing to propaganda
that I've seen in 30 years or 40 years
of watching television so that tells you
all that you need to know now in terms
of the ownership of Sinclair Broadcast
Group and its plans for expansion you
have a four brothers who are the
controlling members of Sinclair and
really one of them David Smith the
executive chairman former CEO he is the
controlling figure at the top of this
company longtime supporter of
Republicans though he's also given to
Democrats when it has helped Sinclair's
bottom line as well I would point out
longtime supporter of Republicans a high
roller in the Republican donor world if
you can think of it that way really at
the top echelon and his goal as he has
said publicly for decades is domination
of the local media business gobbling up
competitor companies in this recent
effort to acquire ongoing effort to
acquire Tribune media is very much of a
piece of that in fact if this deal is
approved by the FCC Trump's FCC this
would be the crowning moment really for
David Smith's efforts to take over local
news this would give him stations in the
three biggest media markets in America
the big markets that have eluded
Sinclair up to this point that would be
WPIX in New York KTLA in Los Angeles and
of course you know one of the biggest
television stations WGN in Chicago as
well a famous institution this would
really seal Sinclair's
takeover of local news and by all
indications this FCC Trump's FCC has
rolled out the red carpet with a series
of deregulation in the past year to help
Sinclair and it's hard to see
unless there is a public outcry unless
we've learned more about st. Clare's
plans why the FCC would intervene in
this tribune media merger now this all
comes as the third week of a trial
between the Justice Department AT&T
kicked off on Monday the Justice
Department seeking to block a proposed
85 billion dollar merger between 1880
and Time Warner and one of the biggest
antitrust lawsuits in decades while many
media critics have welcomed the lawsuit
as a blow against consolidation they
also believe the case is politically
motivated as president Trump has spent
months threatening and disparaging CNN
which is owned by Time Warner but what's
the difference in this kind of
consolidation Andy very quickly the
difference is you have a corporate mega
merger with ATT and Time Warner
obviously there are competition issues
there but we are talking about media
properties like CNN which the president
has attacked with Tribune and Sinclair
what's really at stake here is local
news in diversity and local news and
strong financially supported local news
and if Sinclair's past efforts to slash
costs to keep costs down to consolidate
when possible are any indication in this
tribune media deal goes through this is
this could be a huge blow to local media
to the kind of journalism that even in
the age of Facebook and Twitter and
Google a huge percentage of Americans
still rely on to get news about their
communities and I want to ask you the
Trump has also been tweeting feverishly
about Amazon and an attacking Amazon
recently apparently causing a sharp drop
in its its stock price but this too has
a media angle to it Jeff Bezos the head
of of Amazon also is the owner of The
Washington Post which he's been very
critical of this whole issue of the
president directly getting himself
involved in taking stands on media
companies that are critical of him could
you comment on that as well it's
frightening
it's disturbing it is the leader of our
country really launching an assault at
the First Amendment and
going after talking about punitive
measures as has been recently reported
in Vanity Fair and elsewhere against a
particular company in this case Amazon
really because he perceives the
Washington Post as overly critical of
his administration it's the same reason
that the president will attack CNN and
will praise Sinclair this is personal
everything is personal for him and
Twitter is his outlet for venting really
and he'll watch television and he'll
just get on Twitter and he'll start
rattling this stuff off but it's
absolutely chilling when you think about
the president of our country singling
out media entities by name and then
potentially using the power of
government to go after those media
companies that are critical of him and
using his platform Twitter to praise the
companies that he sees as supporting him
and who knows what that means or perhaps
we already know what we've seen what
that means in terms of government policy
for the companies media companies he
supports in the ones he doesn't like we
just have a few seconds left but Andy
crow what about these local Sinclair
stations fighting back where are they
resisting we're seeing public statements
already from members of the Sinclair
stations an anchor in Seattle responding
to the president specifically and saying
that you know that he is wrong and it's
he's wrong to say this and bring up
Sinclair and attack other media in this
context I have personally heard of
employees at Sinclair stations around
the country trying to think of ways to
push back on this and Clara corporate
you know orders being handed down we saw
a statement by a station in Wisconsin
saying that you know they were pushing
back against running this anchor
statement about fake news and bias in
the news Sinclair is known for tough
contracts and going after employees who
speak out and so there is a risk of
losing your job or of even worse legal
action but I think we're reaching a
point in which people inside Sinclair
are saying I can't stand idly by and do
nothing Andy Croll I want to thank you
for being with us
reporter Mother Jones magazine you've
written extensively about Sinclair
Broadcast Group we will link to your
piece Trump tweets that Sinclair is far
superior to CNN and your other pieces at
democracynow.org thus is democracy now
when we come back we head to Memphis
this is the 50th anniversary of dr.
King's mountaintop speech 24 hours later
he would be gunned down in Memphis stay
with us
