says democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm not mean Shea welcome to our
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world Congress has
approved a massive rewrite of the US tax
code that could mean the largest
transfer of wealth from the bottom to
the top in history and will end a
central pillar of President Obama's
signature health care law the tax bill
cleared the Senate early Wednesday then
House lawmakers approved at 224 to 201
clearing the way for President Trump to
sign it into law House Speaker Paul Ryan
praised Trump for quote exquisite
presidential leadership
this is Trump celebrating his first
major legislative victory we broke every
record
it's the largest I always say the most
massive but it's the largest tax cut in
the history of our country and reform
but tax cut really something special
records all over the place and that will
continue and then some because of what
we did but three point two trillion
dollars just think of it in tax cuts for
American families including doubling the
standard deduction and doubling the
child tax credit the typical family of
four earning $75,000 will see an income
tax cut of more than $2,000 they're
going to have $2,000 and that's in my
opinion going to be less than the
average you're gonna have a lot more
than that we are making America great
again but the Republicans massive tax
overhaul faces overwhelming public
opposition an analysis by the Tax Policy
Institute found that by 2027 the tax
bill would give the wealthiest 1% of
Americans 83% of the tax cut experts
estimate Trump will personally benefit
from a tax cut of up to fifteen million
dollars a year Senate Minority Leader
Chuck Schumer denounced the measure
Wednesday now we know they're popping
champagne down Pennsylvania Avenue there
are only two places
we're America's popping champagne the
White House and the corporate boardrooms
including Trump Tower otherwise
Americans have a lot to regret
president Trump reportedly may sign the
tax bill at his ritzy private Florida
Resort mar-a-lago estimates are he
stands to gain up to fifteen million
dollars in tax in in the new tax bill
meanwhile hundreds of dreamers flooded
Capitol Hill Wednesday as Congress is
negotiating a stopgap spending measure
that will not include the DREAM Act
which would grant legal status to
recipients of the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program or daca
this comes as seven young daca
recipients and one Ally were released
from jail Wednesday after six days in
jail on hunger strike the eight were
arrested Friday during non-violent
sit-in protests inside the offices of
New York Senator Chuck Schumer and
Florida Republican Congress member
carlosgey Bello the activists were
demanding the lawmakers commit to voting
no on the spending bill this month
unless it includes a version of the
DREAM Act without concessions for
funding for the border wall or enhanced
border security
president Trump rescinded daca in
September
leaving dream is at risk of losing work
permits and deportation protections they
received under the program nearly
700,000 dreamers will eventually be in
danger of being deported as their
two-year permits expire beginning early
next year a thousand young people will
lose their protection from deportation
each day for more we go to Washington DC
where we're joined by Erica and iola one
of the eight activists just released
from jail late Wednesday after being
arrested Friday and Eolas a nationally
known immigrant rights activist who
served as a spokesperson for the Bernie
Sanders campaign and help him craft
immigration policy she's the political
director for our revolution she's a daca
recipient she's a dreamer who grew up in
Arizona in 2013 her house was raided and
immigration agents picked up her mother
and brother Erika and iola welcome back
to Democracy Now you've just come off of
a hunger strike
you've just been released from jail can
you talk about why you were protesting
on Friday what happened and what you're
demanding now yes of course good morning
me you know for us the time is now we
have been waiting for too long to pass
the DREAM Act I started organizing in
2009 for the DREAM Act and this bill was
actually introduced since 2001 so it's
been 17 years and we still have not been
able to have a piece of legislation that
has been supported by more than 70
percent of Americans there is a
bipartisan bill there's absolutely no
question of why you know it still hasn't
passed and for me my only my only answer
is that it's just been played as a
political football by the by both
parties Democrats and Republicans and so
for us it was important to go to Senator
Schumer's office and give him a very
very important demand which is for him
to use his power as the leader of the
minority in the Senate and to make sure
that everybody who he actually is able
to whip votes not on a spending mill in
the DREAM Act is not added unfortunately
we we went to jail for six days it was
definitely not a place where I wanted to
be and we risked all of this because we
had the courage to do so and
unfortunately I just came out of jail
last night and heard that Senator
Schumer didn't even have the courage to
to meet our demand and so we're still
pushing and there's still time they
still have time to do this do you have
any idea because of course you protested
there at Schumer's office why the
Democrats didn't in the end vote no
despite initially pledging or giving the
oppression that they would you know I
think for me I I I know that Democrats
actually you know say they support the
DREAM Act every time they go and you
know try to get reelected in their
elections they always use the DREAM Act
as a way to get you know Latino voters
and other folks who support it but when
it comes to actually trying to pass it
there's there's no will and it's been
years in 2000
ten it failed by five votes in the
Senate guess how many Democrats didn't
vote for the for the bill or voted no
five Democrats and so the fact is that
they the party could do this if they
wanted to right now you know they don't
have a majority Republicans do but they
do have the leverage of how much you
know of the votes that they need to pass
a spending bill and so we're asking
Senator Schumer to step up and do that
to stop playing with our lives and the
fact is that dreamers are already
getting deported
i as soon as we got into the jail ice
was called on me and I didn't nothing
happened to me because there was so much
pressure from the outside but the fact
is that this will happen to dreamers if
they're if we don't pass the DREAM Act
and it's on Schumer and it's on
Republicans to make sure that you know
there is a fix now and that we don't
we're not waiting for more people to get
deported and to wait until 2018 does not
work because elections are gonna start
happening and you know how that changes
everything in America I'd like to turn
to Senator Dick Durbin being asked about
the Democrats position on daca Durbin
was interviewed earlier this week by CBS
host John Dickerson on Face the Nation
number of your Democratic supporters
colleagues would like you as a Democrat
to basically make funding of the
government to keep the to keep the
government running would like you to
make it contingent on doing something
about daca will you well I can tell you
this we we don't want to see the
government shutdown we want to move
forward in a bipartisan fashion to solve
our problems we believe that daca is
central the president is the one who
made this the issue September the fifth
he is he eliminated the daca program and
put in doubt the future of over seven
hundred and eighty thousand people in
America and we want to get this done and
accomplished so that was earlier this
week AP is reporting just as we went to
air the House Republicans early Thursday
unveiled a new stripped-down spending
bill to prevent a government shutdown
this weekend and allow quarreling
lawmakers to punt most of their
unfinished business into the new year it
would stave off a government shutdown
until January 9th
to allow the Congress members to go home
for the holidays meanwhile what is the
number something like a hundred twenty
two young people daca recipients every
day lose their daca status and suffer
job loss Erika and iola so what now as
Congress is in the last throes of this
and you are pushing for them to include
the DREAM Act in the spending bill will
you do and also explain the DREAM Act
you want to see passed absolutely and I
want to also clarify and just here in
Senator Durbin we don't want a
government shutdown that's not what
we're working for or towards we nobody
wants to see the government shutdown
what we want to see is a DREAM Act be
including in this bill and the reason
for that is that you know we think that
being able the DREAM Act in that bill is
is makes the likelihood of a passing a
lot more and can actually pass and not
only that you know we want it to be
clean meaning that we cannot have
something in there that's gonna push our
families and our parents and our
communities deeper into the shadows like
more enforcement like more funding for
for for ice like less funding for cities
that have sanctuary policies and so you
know it's it's not right like right now
on the American public supports the
DREAM Act by itself there's no reason to
add anything else and use a document to
use as bargaining chips this is not a
game and like I said we've been waiting
for so long we were fighting for so long
and this is a time for both parties to
you know do what they have been saying
for so many years that they support this
bill that they support as dreamers and
this is a time to do what it's right
Erica and you know you said earlier that
ice called on you could you explain what
that means and what the implications of
that are and how many people are at risk
of that happening yeah I mean the fact
is that you know when you're
undocumented you can you know get out of
your house maybe drive do anything that
any
America would do and get stopped by the
police you end up in their custody and
what happens is that many times the
police calls eyes on you even if you
know they might not even know you're
undocumented but you're a brown person
or you're a person of color or you know
there's many other reasons why you know
they think that you're undocumented and
they will call ice on you I didn't give
my information I didn't say anything and
next thing you know there was already a
call place from the police to ice asking
him about me and and asking if you know
I was undocumented and so this is
something that happens every single day
this is something that's already
happening with dreamers and everybody
else in our communities and so what
we're telling Chuck Schumer and I did
this action on his office telling him do
you want us do you want that to be your
future do you want people like myself to
continue to go through that do you want
people who are not even a public you
know figure or who are not activists to
go through this without anybody seeing
it that is gonna be the reality we
wouldn't pass the DREAM Act before we go
and we're gonna go to an exclusive
jailhouse interview with a Mexican
journalist who is fighting deportation
back to Mexico Erika you were a major
spokesperson for the Bernie Sanders
campaign massive historic legislation
was passed yesterday as you were in jail
protesting around the issue of the DREAM
Act and that is the tax bill which will
be the largest transfer of wealth from
the bottom to the top in US history and
I'm wondering your thoughts on this also
President Trump I guess you could say
revealing saying that with taking away
the individual mandate on the health
care on the signature Obamacare that he
has killed Obamacare within the tax bill
yeah I mean it was something that I
thought he was probably gonna happen and
I am really it's just upsetting to come
out of the jail and see that this
actually did happen but what gives me
hope is that before I won inside of the
jail a couple of days before that I saw
that Alabama had a huge win and also
that next year is selection time and I
see that people
are awake people are ready to go out to
vote and I hope that that's the case in
2018 and that we can really turn this
around this is really about you know
stop complaining all of us we need to
even myself I need to stop complaining
and actually you know take the streets
take the polls go vote and make sure
that we are having people running for
office all over the nation
just like Bernie Sanders told us to do I
can't run for office I can't vote but
look I decided to go into a jail to
fight for what I believe in and I think
this is the moment that everybody should
be doing everything you can to turn this
around because this is not gonna last
forever
we can't let it last forever and it's in
our hands Erica Angela very quickly
before we go you're gonna be speaking at
a press conference later this morning
can you talk about that what's your
message to Democrats you know our
message it's what I've been saying
previously is that we are having
dreamers deported now we are having
dreamers losing daca and we cannot you
know we don't even know how else to ask
Democrats to actually not just speak
about us and tell our stories but
actually act and do what he needs to be
to be done use their leverage we don't
want a government shutdown what we want
is for the DREAM Act to be in the
spending bill and they have the power to
do it they have the leverage and this is
the time to show that they really care
about our communities Erica and deal and
we thank you for being with us daca
recipient nationally known immigrants
rights activist served a spokesperson
for Boehner's Sanders health and crafts
immigration policy released Wednesday
after being arrested last week with
seven other daca recipients and an ally
peacefully protesting at the offices of
New York Congress member Chuck Schumer
we are going to continue of course to
cover this story day by day this is
democracy and when we come back our
exclusive jailhouse interview with a
Mexican journalist fearful if he's
deported he will die
