this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez we turn now to what
some have called one of the most
progressive City Council's in New York
City's history and the woman who helped
lead the agenda Speaker Melissa
mark-viverito the second most powerful
post in city government her term winds
down at the end of this year due to term
limits
she gave her farewell address last week
12 years ago when I was first sworn in
as the first Latina first for Tory Kenya
to represent my district of El Barrio
East Harlem and the Bronx I tried to
process what that all meant I was a
labor organizer community activist of
mujer del barrio not a politician but I
knew as a councilmember I had a real
chance to be a voice for all those in
our city for who talked for too long
have been cast aside and silenced the
poor the undocumented maestro's via
hitos and every single New Yorker who
felt that there was more to be done to
make our great city more responsive fair
and just for our people Melissa
mark-viverito was first elected to the
New York City Council in 2005 was named
Speaker 2014 during her time as City
Council Speaker the council expanded
living wage requirements expanded paid
sick leave established a city bail fund
and a municipal identification card for
undocumented immigrants limited
cooperation between immigration
authorities and the city's police and
jails also funded free legal advice for
immigrants and detention who face
deportation during her tenure she also
got Mayor Bill DeBlasio to agree to
close New York's notorious Rikers Island
jail to talk more about this and where
she plans to go next we're joined here
in studio by New York City Council
Speaker Melissa mark-viverito whose term
ends at the end of the year welcome back
to Democracy Now thank you for inviting
me to come what are you most proud of
right now in this last slew of bills was
this the largest number of laws that
have been passed in any city council in
the country and one fell swoop well in
four years and I served as Speaker we
passed about 700 pieces of legislation
and I think that you know some people
have been critical of
number but I think what it demonstrates
is the kind of leadership style that I
have right I always said when I came
into the council that I wanted to be a
member
focused body that before had been very
speaker driven and very speaker focused
that my interest was to be more
collaborative with my colleagues and let
them define what their priorities were
and work with them to facilitate that so
I'm very proud in terms of the scope of
work I mean we've done so much and
obviously it's been incredibly humbling
to leave this body and be in this
position but the work that I've done on
immigration and the work that I've done
with regards to criminal justice reform
would be the two areas that I would say
I'm most proud in terms of the legacy
and the amount of work that we've done
in each of those areas well I wanted to
ask you specifically about criminal
justice reform because clearly there
were different bills that were passed
during your your time of speaker but I I
would think that the most important was
the commission that you established to
review the situation with Rikers Island
and it's stunning report and I've always
said to people read the actual Lippman
Commission report which is really an
analysis of the mass incarceration
system in this country but specifically
in terms of New York City and I was
stunned by the power of the report and
then that you were able to get the mayor
who was not willing at first to go along
with this to to move so if you could
talk about that sure I mean you know we
cannot govern in a vacuum the way that
again part of my leadership style is
that we've got to really have voices
diverse voices at the table on any given
issue and really figure out what is the
best path so the Independent Commission
was led by Judge Lippman but it had and
convened a wide range of voices on the
issue of incarceration and the issue of
reforming our jail system were reforming
our criminal justice system and that
Commission worked for about a year and
really deliberated on what either was a
way to get to a point where we could
close Rikers Island down and do a more
community-based approach of jail system
and that is what basically the
Commission said the Commission said that
there is a path and there is a way to
close records right there Rikers Island
down and therefore I supported that
right I've convened the Commission and
supported that and actually was able to
then facilitate a point where everybody
is around that position and I want to
thank the advocates the advocates really
the ones that raise their voice about
this but we have a path and that
Commission really does lay out the path
of how we can arrive at that point could
you share with us some of the
conversations you have with the mayor
they get him to go along with this I
mean I think it's hard when you have
people with such experience and and
understanding of this issue that there
is a way to do it now the issue is the
timeline how quickly can we get it shut
down ten years there's a way of possibly
maybe shortening that timeline but
definitely it was Rikers is for people
who don't understand what is this island
and what is this it's not one Jail
no it's about nine jails it's a jail
system and the vast majority who are
there are people who are awaiting their
trial dates there are the vast majority
about 80 to 85% of the people and there
are people who cannot pay bail because
they're too poor to pay bail and
therefore they stay in Rikers longer
than they need to I think the example
that we unfortunately use as a how
what's wrong with the system is kalief
Browder who was a young man accused of
having stolen a backpack accused and for
having not being able to pay bail was in
Rikers for three years and the horror of
living that it's a violent place
it's an inhumane place it's very removed
and isolated from your family and your
networks that young man once he left
Rikers Island because of that experience
that broke him down and he committed
suicide
I mean he's beaten by guards he was
beaten by other prisoners right and he
just kept saying I can't say that I
stole this backpack and a plea agreement
because I didn't exactly so that's
that's the you know example of what's
wrong with this in this system which
again is made up of multiple jails so
the approach of the Independent
Commission is that first we have to
reform laws we have to change laws we
have to change our approach to policing
and incarceration in general but we can
get the population to a point where we
can then go to the community-based
facility models where people should be
able to await their trial dates or if
you're in jail for a year or less if you
have some sort of time that you have to
spend in jail that you can do it closer
to your networks your family can visit
you you can talk about other ways of
having people and complete their
time you know we have to really look and
re-envision the way that we do
incarceration in the city and how we
approach criminal justice in general and
so the Commission is something that I'm
very proud of so how did you get Bill
DeBlasio to do it listen my style is
just you know engage in conversation
Judge Lippman and I had several multiple
conversations with the mayor and we
arrived at a point you know where I was
happy that he's also you know come on
board and so has the governor and
everybody else and we can now really
focus on making sure that we implement
whatever policies we have to do to make
sure that we can fast-track that and get
to a point where we can go to this
community-based approach and not have
Rikers Island which is so symbolic of
everything that's wrong with our
criminal justice you mentioned that
Judge Lippman or participated some of
the conversations up for people outside
in New York they don't realize he's not
just an ordinary judge he's the former
Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals New
York state's highest court and I'm
wondering if we I think we have a
selection of the quote from the report
that we might be able to get on that
you're in in the closing of Rikers
Island
Judge Lippman roll quote closing Rikers
Island is far more than a symbolic
gesture it is an essential steps or a
more effective and more humane criminal
justice system we must replace our
current model of mass incarceration with
something that is more effective and
more humane state-of-the-art facilities
located closer to where the courts are
operated in civic centers in each
borough because they're one of the
complaints you heard from many
communities is that Rikers Island
because it was an island isolated with
only one road coming in it was very
difficult for family members even in the
city to visit there exactly
I went I've gone to Rikers it can take
you a full day because it's not only
once you get there getting there is
difficult but once you get there having
to wait to be able to see the person I
mean it's just so it ends up you know
that people sometimes do not get visited
because it's so difficult and owner is
and plus people can't take time off work
you wouldn't literally take your whole
day so this is this is what is wrong
right and and we've we've done video
visitation programs we funded video
visitation programs we've done we've
done things as a City Council and
invested in policies and initiatives to
try to bring more humanity into an
inhumane
right but at the end of the day we will
be closing Rikers Island down the issue
now is the political will to try to
really try to fast-track this try to get
this to happen before ten years to
really look at how who gets arrested who
has held the issue of bail you mentioned
the bail fund it'll people that are too
poor to pay bail the access to a fund so
that they can leave and be able to wait
for their court date we have to dwindle
this popular population down to a point
where we can go to a community-based
approach but the community facilities is
also like we already have the support of
the councilmembers where these
facilities would be some of the
facilities already exist but they just
have to be renovated and talked to talk
about a new state-of-the-art jail system
so so there have there is support that
we've been able to garner in order to
get to a point where we could maybe move
this on a quicker faster so let's go to
some of the other legislation the City
Council voting for a slew of bills in
these waning days of your City
speakership almost forty pieces of
legislation this is our guest speaker
Melissa mark-viverito speaking about one
of those bills last week
and finally council will vote on what is
commonly known as the right to know act
introduction 182 d sponsored by
councilmember vici tourists would
require that all sworn police officers
employed by the NYPD offer a business
card to an individual during certain
police interactions and give reason for
the law enforcement activity so that was
Melissa mark-viverito speaking ahead of
the vote on the right to know act last
week I also want to play a comment from
councilmember Jumaane Williams who noted
concerns raised by criminal justice
reform advocates about its limitations
the police officer asked me for my ID
and asked where I am going
that is not an investor torie it doesn't
sorta is not a criminal stop and my ID
when they will not give me a card under
this bill that is a stop start including
so the right to know act also drawing
opposition from the police largest Union
talk about what exactly it said I mean
look you know this has been an issue
that we've been discussing for many
years and it was a two bills and so
basically it is as
indicated in the clip that it is about
giving identification giving a car to
people that have an interaction with
police officers so you know we believe
this is a major step forward
councilmember Ichi Torres who is the
sponsor of the bill was has has held the
bill for four years extensive
negotiations that included the advocates
included the police department it
included the administration it included
us obviously and a lot of back and forth
on it he arrived at a point where he
felt he comfortable with he felt that it
was a step forward he felt that it was a
way of really moving the police
department in a direction that they
originally had not wanted to go in and
so it is a big step forward and I give
really give praise to Richie for how he
worked on this bill and all the
advocates some of the advocates are not
pleased with it and understand is their
right to be unhappy if they choose to be
but I believe as the leader that we've
worked with Richie and that he was able
to move something forward and advance a
reform that we've been discussing for
many many years this ID right that any
interactions with police they will have
to give an ID card that has their name
it has their number it has the precinct
that they're affiliated with something
again that is is not been is not being
done well I want to ask you about
another issue in March Attorney General
Jeff Sessions announced that cities
applying for grants will have to certify
that they are not providing sanctuary to
undocumented immigrants today I'm urging
states and local jurisdictions to comply
with these federal laws including 8 USC
Section 13 73 moreover the Department of
Justice will require the jurisdiction
seeking or applying for Department of
Justice grants to certify compliance for
1373 as a condition of receiving those
Awards I was Attorney General Jeff
Sessions obviously this issue of
sanctuary cities is one what I've said
repeatedly that it seems that the local
governments like New York City and the
others around the country are on a
collision course with the federal
government over how you deal with
undocumented immigrants and I'm
wondering your response to how do you
see that
what you've crafted in the City Council
and with the mayor in terms of
responding to the Trump administration
on this issue you know it's very
disturbing I mean you were talking to
the judge earlier I respect greatly but
you know when we talk about whole cloth
how certain communities you know are
being described by this administration
the immigrants are all takers or
immigrants are all criminals reporting
that we have the lowest crime rates
historically in this city of New York
that says something in terms of the way
that we write interact with our
communities we need everyone to
participate to make our city safe and we
know that the vast majority of
immigrants are contributing positively
to our economy and to our society here
in the city of New York we've been a
welcoming city every policy we haven't
placed earlier every law that we have in
place those are things that we have the
ability to do as a city we're not
breaking any laws right just because you
choose AG sessions and Trump to whole
cloth say that immigrants don't belong
here and you are racist and you want to
implement those policies doesn't mean
that we as a city are going to enforce
those policies we have a different
approach and we believe that we are a
welcoming city and we support those who
want to bill help us build this city so
we have the lowest crime rates and we
are proving you know them wrong in terms
of the facts and so if they choose to
take a course which is punitive you know
then they choose it you know choose to
go that route they may not be allowed to
do what they're threatening to do again
everything that we have in place is
making us a safe city
you know people can step out of the
shadows and help us inform us of crimes
or anything that they have any knowledge
of and so I you know I'm very proud of
the work that this council has done I'm
very proud of my stance in defending the
city of New York to do what it needs to
do even created a bail fund for
undocumented immigrants that are facing
deportation you talk about that use
criticize it as saying well you would
you would even provide a bail support
for terrorists but the reality is if
someone's accused of terrorism at the
national level they don't have money the
government has to supply a pay for an
attorney anyway all right so this is
basically people have the ability
you just have representation and we've
had an evaluation of that program and
demonstrated that there are people that
can you know have to have the right to
ask for to be you know to be represented
and that the results are some in some
cases people are even have status and
don't even know it right so then when
they go to court they're able to really
find out whether or not they have status
they're able to just make a case and
it's up to the courts to decide whether
or not it's granted but at least people
have representation and have the ability
to have and make a case right so the
this month this bail fund actually has
now been modeled and other cities have
looked to really replicate it I'm very
proud that it was a pilot program that
year before it became speaker and I
fully funded it in the first year I was
speaker to really allow everybody an
opportunity to have representation you
were also arrested under well this year
weren't you for protesting around daca
with a number of other Congress members
outside Trump's residence yes behind
congressman Gutierrez myself as Biot yes
we definitely you know did that we are
against all the policies that are being
presented calm we I know it continues to
be a conversation we have these young
people that are losing their status in
terms of the protection that daca
provides and their teachers and their
you know city service workers in some
ways this is really atrocious what's
happening to our city to our country and
so we are gonna protest it I will
continue to protest it you know as I
leave office it's an issue that I feel
very passionate about and I will
continue to advocate so let's talk about
Puerto Rico where you were born more
than three months after Hurricane Maria
battered Puerto Rico about a third of
the island remains without power and
what's by far the longest blackout in
modern US history officials saying that
won't be restored power in some cases
till the end of May many Puerto Ricans
celebrating Christmas in the dark still
don't have power even three months after
the hurricane we're living without light
we're living off a generator and when we
don't have money for gasoline we're
making do with batteries with little
battery-powered decorations for the tree
osberto Ricans are very family-oriented
and we like to celebrate everything
you've also went home since the storm
our what do you think needs to be done
have you considered running for governor
of Puerto Rico or New York so my mother
just got power yesterday so it's it's so
what's happening to Puerto Rico is just
terrible and this tax bill is going to
make it worse a crime economy that was
