I want to turn to Ravi Rob beer in his
own words he recorded this message on
January 10th the day before he was
detained the question that was asked to
me is why have I not taken sanctuary
that was not an option for me and the
reason why that was not an option for me
is because because there were so many of
you who have stood up for me there's so
many of you who who have come out around
me I hope that you will be know
motivated to stop this and I hope and I
pray that you will step out of your
comfort zone to create a network of
safety not just in the houses of worship
not just in the in this space where we
call sensitive zone but create a network
of safety around you are around a
community because you refuse to let this
agency out immigration and customs
enforcement you refusing to let them
come in to your community and destroy it
take away those families already cause
they don't have one piece of people our
humanity is not dependent on a piece of
people Ravi Ravi are executive director
of the new sanctuary coalition of New
York City speaking last week just a day
before he was detained
Ravi's detention sparked a peaceful
protest that was met with police
violence police arrested 18 people
including members of the New York City
Council he is now being held in Florida
facing deportation ravi legally
immigrated to the u.s. from trinidad and
tobago more than a quarter of a century
ago but a 2001 wire fraud conviction
made his green card subject to review
even though he's married to a u.s.
citizen and has a u.s. born daughter the
government refused to normalize his
status joining us now is Amy Gottlieb
Ravi Rob beers wife longtime immigrant
rights activist with the American
Friends Service Committee talk about
what's happening with Ravi right now
we're speaking to Jean he's
hati speaking to us on the phone just
deported they were both Jean and Ravi
sent to Florida
that's where Ravi is right now that's
right yes now courthouse news reporter
Adam class Feld on Tuesday during the
hearing for Ravi Robb beer said today an
assistant US attorney said he didn't
know why ice to tained him when they did
he was detained to effect removal
Brandon Waterman said what we don't know
is why they did it now can you explain
yeah so we had a hearing yesterday to
try to bring mom I mean our ultimate
goal is to get Ravi released of course
but we were trying to get him at least
brought back to the New York area so
that he can have access to counsel
access to his family access to his
community we don't have to travel to
Florida to see him so there was a
back-and-forth kind of complicated legal
hearing yesterday and the judge was
really saying you know why On January
11th did you detain Ravi what is your
reasoning behind that because just like
Jean Ravi had a stay of deportation Ravi
was under an order of supervision he had
fully complied he had not turned away he
had not tried to hide you know he was
100% in compliance with that order of
supervision so even the judge was saying
you know what was it
On January 11th Ravi actually had a stay
that was valid until January 19th
so why revoke it at that moment and they
didn't answer and you know really what
we can what we have to assume at this
point is after Jean was picked up that
they have made a conscious decision at
probably higher levels in ice to target
community activists to target people who
are really willing to come out and say
that this system is tearing apart
families and that this system needs to
be fixed and what about the fact that
he's been moved to Florida is there a
chance you'll get him back here we're
hopeful that they will bring him back
yes we have a stay of deportation in
place the judge had initially ordered
that he be detained locally that if he's
going to be entertained it has to be in
the jurisdiction of New York ice so
we're hopeful we'll get a positive
decision on that from the judge today or
tomorrow can you explain what's taking
place we've had both
on Democracy Now also Ravi we followed
Ravi down the last time he went in for a
check-in and ultimately he was not
detained then explain what happened this
time just as Jean described being taken
on the street did they come to your
house no no so they we had had some
conversations with ice previous to this
you know hoping that they would grant a
renewal of the stay application before
we went in so that we didn't have to go
in they refused to do that and up until
I think even Wednesday before the
check-in ice was telling us that they
had not yet made a decision on his case
they didn't know whether they were gonna
extend his stay or not
so we decided we're gonna go in right we
are gonna go in surrounded by family by
community there was a Jericho walk
outside there was a show of community
support and ice knew that everybody was
watching it was a little surprising
because we were asked to go to a
different office inside of ice we were
not going to the regular reporting
office we let ourselves believe that
that was an OK thing that they just kind
of didn't want chaos or they didn't want
a lot of people on the regular check-in
room but instead the minute we walked in
the ice officer allowed his lawyer Alena
das and me to go in with Ravi and the
minute we sat down he basically said
this is it this is the end of the road
we are not going to allow Robbie to say
anymore he's exhausted all of his legal
avenues there's nothing more you're
gonna do this is it we're enforcing
removal we're taking him to custody he
is in custody now
and at that moment Robbie I mean I
panicked
of course Robbie just sort of looked at
me and he said I think I'm gonna pass
out and he actually did he fainted his
eyes rolled back into his head he
fainted
ice officers are kind of staring and I
was kind of yelling to get the water at
least Robbie came too quickly
relatively quickly and then they called
for medical attention which they have to
do so it was at that point that I think
Isis plans had to change a little bit
because they didn't anticipate having to
actually really take him out in an
ambulance but they did and they did
allow me to go in the ambulance with him
so as we were taken out he was shackled
handcuffed as we were taken into the
ambulance
we were able to see actually the surge
of protests the surge of love that had
just kind of you know viscerally started
as people heard that Ravi was detained
and we were prepared to let people know
immediately we had a structure set up so
that if Ravi was going to be detained we
would just you know say the word and
everybody knew so we felt that love but
they took us down to a hospital and as I
got out of the ambulance they told me to
get out of the ambulance the next thing
I knew they drove Robbie away they
didn't bring him into that hospital so
from that moment somewhere around like
10:30 in the morning I actually had no
idea where Robbie was until we learned
maybe 9:30 that night after his lawyer
made tons of phone calls to find out
that he was taken to Miami talked about
the effect on your family and the effect
on you right now what this has meant as
you deal with this and you've been
dealing with this not just at this point
the fear of him being detained at the
previous check-in and the toll that's
taken yeah it's a huge toll it's
devastating you know I mean we have been
living with this we've been living with
this weight on our shoulders with this
fear that this could happen but honestly
I still believe in the system and I
still believe that community support and
the outpouring of love that we felt is
going to make a difference in this and
so on one level you know going home to
an empty house at night seeing Robbie's
things feeling his presence everywhere
in our home you know I cry myself to
sleep I'm there I'm torn apart I've got
an amazing amazing support network of
friends and family who are caring for me
you know being there for me praying me
food making sure I'm okay
regularly constantly but then there's
also this piece of me that is just
devastated that this is how our
government treats people that you know
as an immigrant rights activist for more
than 20 years like I've known this
abstractly I've seen it I've seen
families suffer I fought against a
system of immigration detention but to
see my husband like snatched away from
me and disappeared for you know I
actually had no idea where he was I
heard from him Friday morning at
immigrants rights lawyer that's right so
I know the system but still to have my
husband disappeared to have ice not
communicating with the lawyer or me to
tell us where he is
they actually on Friday took him in a
van outside of the chrome Detention
Center he didn't know where he was going
I had no idea where he was all day
Friday also and when I finally went down
to see him you know fly to Miami to see
my husband I get a one-hour visit
through Plexiglas right like so it's
it's extraordinary the impact that it
has on a person on relationships and I'm
still sort of just you know barely
walking through this I want to turn to
part of the interview we did with Ravi
rod beer last year we'll go to that clip
in a minute Ravi in our studio here I
need to be you know I need to be always
aware that even though I mean that I
even though I may have support I have to
think about also do not have support so
I always have to be ready to read to
think about the consequences of a policy
change on someone who do not have do not
have that support but you know what you
saw yesterday is those those on
immigrants who says I've been a role
model for them so that they are know
speaking up and you know empowered to to
go out and speak to the elected
officials on God and advocate for
themselves and going even though
something may go wrong they know that
they've got should as process it will be
good for them because they are ready for
every step what are we so I don't want
to be a role model but I have been told
I am
that's Ravi Robb beer in our studio last
year with Amy Gottlieb his wife who also
is an immigrants rights attorney do you
think he and gene have been targeted why
now why have they been taken after both
of them have been in this country for
well over well a quarter of a century
and more than 30 years that's the only
we can draw that they've been targeted
we've been hearing about people being
targeted around the country now and it's
mystifying why suddenly that you know
Ravi also still has a legal case like
nothing has changed in Robbie's case
since the last check-in in March right
we are still in the same legal posture
he's got a case pending and we're
hopeful that that case is gonna take
away the grounds of deportability so
there's no doubt that both ravi and gene
or ravi especially more recently has
really been speaking out has been
educating communities has been leading
an accompaniment program so that people
are witnessing how ice is treating
immigrants i want to turn to an
interview i did this weekend in colorado
in Carbondale
with Sandra Lopez who has taken
sanctuary in Colorado she's a Mexican
mother of three u.s. citizen children
she has taken sanctuary to avoid being
deported to Mexico last visit last
weekend I went to the Episcopal
parsonage in Carbondale we had a long
conversation we're going to play that in
the coming days but I asked her about
the news that ice agents had just
arrested the husband of another woman
who had taken sanctuary Ingrid Latour a
Colorado immigrant rights leader who has
sought sanctuary to avoid her
deportation
Ingrid's husband Eliseo was arrested
Thursday the same day Ravi robbed beer
was detained here in New York City this
is Sandra Lopez he said early there know
being a leader isn't easy and they want
to try and separate us and prevent us
from working together but we talk a lot
I'm extremely angry about what happened
to Ellis AO Ingrid's husband it has
affected me a lot
it's affected me as a mother as thinking
about myself as a wife and a friend to
Ingrid and I see this as an attack on
sanctuary and I want Ingrid to know that
she's not alone we're here were angry
and we're supporting her we're
supporting Alice AO they're doing this
to try and weaken us they want to
frighten us and divide us but no we need
to be astute we need to be organized we
to leave behind the fear and the shadows
and continue raising our voices there's
a quote that divided we fall we're going
to stay strong and United and we're
going to continue defending our dignity
and defending sanctuaries so that is
Sandra Lopez in the Episcopal parsonage
in Carbondale there for three months
with her two-year-old Ellie and she is
saying I want Ingrid another woman who
has taken sanctuary to know she is not
alone because Ellis AO
Ingrid's husband was surrounded by ice
agents and taken and that was on the
same day that Ravi robbed beer here in
New York was taken I want to get a final
comment from both of you before we go to
Seattle to speak with Maura Maura
Villalpando who we've spoken to numerous
times and well-known immigrants rights
leader who herself is now fearful that
she is going into deportation hearings
your final comments Amy I'd say we need
to fight this we need to continue
fighting what we have seen since Ravi
was detained since Jean was deported or
detained and then deported and since all
these other cases are popping up that
the community support is coming out and
that it is making people stronger more
United as Sandra said we are coming
together and we are going to fight this
this this attempt by ice to knock us
down to put us away is not going to be
successful we are gonna continue moving
this and we've got janae and we've got
Mario we've got a ton of people on this
who are going to make it happen
and Jean mantra Ville you're still on
the phone with us from Haiti I'm
wondering in this final moment we have
with you if you could comment on the
reports that President Trump talked
about Haiti as he did African countries
in El Salvador as well I won't say the
word that he used as s whole country's
curse whole countries do you think that
has something to do with why you're back
in Haiti today his attitude toward Haiti
which he said reportedly in The New York
Times just weeks ago talked about
everyone in Haiti having AIDS and not
wanting people from your country in ours
when one Godzilla officials of having
receive all down the sharpness now what
just about hearing with the last optimal
who is wasted so far we did get a good
reception from the Haitian government I
had to say that the the treated fairly
will be long process but we will show
and they're upset about shock and out
coming from the office and let me end
with janae here janae Calvin after
President Trump reportedly called the
country where Jean was born s whole
country's talking about not wanting
people from Haiti in the United States
right at this time that that gene has
been deported number 45 he's very
ignorant so I didn't even entertain that
comment I just look at the his actions
every time he opens his mouth
everything Obama did he tried to undo
he's in the front page of The Daily News
today his alleged mistress a porn star
came out she said she tried to come out
a couple of years ago but The Times
refused to share her story his wife she
could never compare to Michelle Obama
and Michelle Obama was caught in bed
with other women and doing the things
she did she wouldn't she would be a
peach immediately so that's all I'm
gonna say number 45 has a lot to do with
this whole situation and hopefully one
day he'll be impeach well we're gonna
leave it there
janae Calvin the former wife of Jean Mon
travel mother of three of genes for
children Jean Mon travel joining us
directly from Haiti where he has been
deported to just yesterday and Amy
Gottlieb the wife of Ravi robbed beer
who's now in detention in Florida and
deportation proceedings they're trying
to get him back to New York and have him
released to where he has lived for well
over two decades this is democracy now
when we come back we go to Seattle
Washington to speak with another
well-known immigrants rights activists
who herself faces
tension and deportation stay with us
