you're on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez Seymour Hersh is our
guest for the hour the award-winning
investigative journalists he based in
Washington DC has been a staff writer
for The New Yorker the New York Times
awarded the Pulitzer Prize as a
freelancer in 1974 his expose of the
melee massacre in Vietnam his new memoir
is just out it's called reporter a
memoir so March 16 1968 sign we have
students classes coming through here
every week when you say me lie the vast
majority of the kids have never heard of
it in a nutshell tell us what it is you
exposed and this is amazing you did this
as a freelance reporter where were you
working how did you find this story out
I had a little office in the National
Press building had been a reporter for
The Associated Press covering the
Pentagon 66 and 67 I think got in
trouble there but with the management
but I learned then OJT on-the-job
training from officers there's a lot of
integrity in this service there really
is a lot of people take the oath of
office to the Constitution and mean it
not to their general and not not to the
President and so I learned from those
people that it was a killing raz√≥n it
was just massacre and I came away
thinking my god and I started reading of
course you have to can't write you got
to read before you write so I was ready
to believe a tip in 69 that there had
been a terrible massacre the thing is I
didn't know how bad it was until I got
into it what happened is a group of
American kids to their credit they were
just country boys those days the kids in
the street we had their more more
african-americans and in the population
more Hispanics in the population a lot
of rural kids American kids from from
the from small villages across the
country and we're not talk about big
city kids in this company a few but very
few and they were told how bad the
Communists were they were told one day
they were going to tomorrow you're gonna
get they've been in the country for
three months lost about 30 percent of
their people through snipers they'd fall
into pits with sticks with poison and
I'm horrible stuff and so they began to
hate and they were allowed to hate
and there was a lot of ignorance about
the society about the culture of Vietnam
and and they had they were just in one
of the worst divisions of the war
Americal division the way the war was
you could do anything you want to kill
people because was always seen as a
violation of rules and not as a criminal
act so that's how they covered up stuff
so they were ready to go they were ready
they were told there was they were gonna
meet the enemy for the first time in
three months of being in country they'd
never seen the enemy there is a shot at
and there and they went into this
village of about five hundred people
possibly more and they expected to see
the enemy there the intelligence as it
always is was bad there was no the 48th
North Vietnamese Division was nowhere
near the place that's what they thought
and instead of meeting the enemy there
were just families women and children
and old men and so they began to murder
them they put him in ditches and they
raped they killed they threw babies up I
this was hard for me to even in the
first year in Cordoba and bayonets I
mean and some of the stuff I kept out of
the initial story was just so awful and
you initially heard that there was a
lieutenant of being being charged with
some of these atrocities and you and I
talked about how you tracked him down
actually what I first heard it came from
a wonderful man named Jeff Cowan who was
that just out of Law School
who was then in a he was just in a new
public policy group so the social law
firm that one of the first set up in
Washington and he heard this tip and he
figured I might do it he didn't know
where to go and I started chasing it he
said it was an enlisted man went went
crazy and so what I thought it was for
my I read the Russell Tribunal which
everybody poopoo but the Russian el
tribunal Bertrand Russell tribunal
published I guess in 65 or 66 had a long
section on stuff going on on the war
that was amazing and I found one of the
guys that testified so I knew it was
true and so I thought something bad
happened I thought maybe they threw
Rockets into a village they used to have
sometimes even in this early is
sixty-five they'd go into village and it
wouldn't be any enemy there and the
soldiers would be frustrated and the
officers would say to the guys and tanks
and the guy submachine guns you have a
mad minute so they just shoot up every
in the village literally that's what
going on in according to the Ross and it
was true so I knew that what I didn't
know I mean we were censored in World
War two we all know that we didn't see
the photographs we didn't know how bad
it was
we don't know how both sides treated
each other we were so I didn't know
either and as I'm doing the story I'm
learning it's not just some bombing or
some mad moment it's a group of soldiers
spending a day putting people in ditches
shooting them at will there was one
scene they had maybe 80 people in a
ditch them young man named Paul meelo
Hawaii interviewed I found him and he
they sprayed bullets into it and some
mother I didn't share the story for a
long time some mother had tucked a baby
everybody was killed what they thought
maybe as I say 80 people is a famous
photograph for the ditch she kept a
little two-year-old babe baby
unprotected and about 10 minutes after
they done the shooting they were having
lunch there k-rations sitting there
around the ditch and this little boy
full of other people's blood called up
crawled up to the top of the ditch
Keaney screaming and began to run away
when he got to the top and the tenant
Callie said to Paul Miele who'd done
most of the shooting a farm boy from a
place called New Goshen Indiana you know
had barely gotten through high school
and was taken the army lowered his
standards very quickly in the war
because they didn't want bright kids
there because they would talk about
what's going on I say that seriously
seriously that was a mode of McNamara
who was a psychotic liar I figured that
out when I was even in the Pentagon
anyway so this kids running away Callie
says the Meade low plug him and me low
have been shooting in the ditch couldn't
shoot one so Callie the great the great
man of the world ran up behind him with
his the officers had a smaller smaller
rifle and a carbine and shot him in the
back of the head blew off his head baby
baby in front of his own soul shoulders
I'm learning I say I want to turn to
private first class Paul Meade low
speaking about his involvement in the
meal a massacre in 1969 he spoke to
CBS's Mike Wallace on national
television about what happened to kill
about 10 15 years
men women and children were mature and
babies and ladies why did you do it
why does I do it because I feel like I
was ordered to do it well at the time I
felt like I was doing the right thing
well then you married
right children too how can a father of
two young children shoot babies just for
new things
omid law saying it was just one of them
things speaking on 60 minutes and 1969
you then you have some involvement in
getting their God he was I wrote what
happened is I got the tip I found my way
to Fort Benning where Callie I found my
way to Callie
I had a die saw document in which she
was initially accused of a hundred
killing 109 111 oriental human-beings
oriental human beings and I remember
going nuts does that mean one oriental
equals how many White's how many blacks
and I did do something the one thing I
did that made a friend of life for me
with Mel Laird the Secretary of Defense
of Congressman who was then Secretary of
Defense it was appalled to by this I did
go to his people to him actually pretty
much directly and said I'm gonna take
this out because this is so frigging
racist that III think any any American
soldier walking down a street in the
South Vietnam could be executed for
having done that so I did take it out I
didn't write that
all the into human beings is what they
vote you said you're gonna take it out
your name put that a minute from the
scientists took out the word oriental I
said I'm just you can't do you can't be
that dumb you can't be that crazily
racist it was a to charge him with
anyway that's just a sideshow I did it
because I just thought too many American
boys who had nothing to do with it would
be executed but just shot at random it
would create so much anger and I don't
I'm not I don't second guess that I mean
it was bad enough what I had believe me
what they did and I found Kelly nobody
wanted it I not only been a
correspondent for the Pentagon at the
API would you've been Eugene McCarthy's
press secretary wrote a lot of speeches
for him I've been
I knew all the reporters knew me they
had to deal with me I also freelance and
between 67 and 69 by this time I may be
written a dozen articles including three
or fourth for the New York Times Sunday
magazine on all sorts of stuff so they
knew me you know with it when I even
when I got to New York Times in 72 later
appropriately you know they hired me I
was at The New Yorker then and they
hired me away even then it was there
were some stories I did that what they
wanted me to do is maybe somebody else
should do it first you went to the New
York Times they didn't want well I don't
know I didn't go near the New York Times
so because they would steal I thought I
was worried about taking it over I went
to people I'd worked for I worked for
life and I would had in a commitment
from Life magazine I had Look magazine
was talking to me I went to the New York
Review of Books Bob Silver's wanted to
write it and I was a friend of busy
stones is he stone that picked up I'm is
he someone had some sort of I've been a
reporter for the Pentagon for only about
a month or two and he saw something in
my stories that made him he used to go
out Sunday morning to the majors out of
City newspaper stand it's six o'clock in
the morning by 20 papers and one morning
I never I knew he was through my
mother-in-law who had been a subscriber
for years one morning about 6:30 I was
just newly married we'd been partying I
know Sunday morning the call comes and
it's easy about right before seven
o'clock saying have you seen page 19 in
the foot of you inquire today what so we
became friends and he would we would
take walks and I will tell you if he
ever wanted tutorial from anybody in the
world you wanted from busy stone the
whole idea of reading all he did was
read everything he did it all by simply
brain power he's amazing anyway and so
he was a mentor so I he I couldn't get
anybody to buy it
Bob Silver's wanted to do it he was
gonna remake the magazine I came to him
late and put it I'll never forget this
and I done they bought I published a
book on chemical and biological warfare
that they had syndicated in 68 or so
they done they had been friendly to me
had done pieces for him and I liked them
I like the magazine and much more
radical and what happened is he wanted
me to put
and after they was gonna run on to cover
the story I just felt a straightforward
ap story lieutenant Kelly did this and
this he murdered this and he wanted a
paragraph say this shows why the war is
bad and I said Bob no the story
tell us why Thor is bad and we had a
fight I actually pulled it out because I
and people asked me one of the things I
asked me about how could you do that
here's a public place because the story
deserved to be just there
a little anti-war news service then
dispatch News Service which people don't
understand here they had correspondents
in Vietnam who knew Vietnamese and they
were quite good service and I was doing
some stuff for them because I really
respected it I gave it to them thought
who knows and somehow they got a thirty
five front pages the story the American
press was open to this story and it was
1969 it would be now some papers had run
it and some papers weren't because of
the division it was a different time and
you won the Pulitzer Prize well but I
kept on going
I found me though I got a company
register mea diello I knew he was
somewhere in Indiana I spent I don't
know ten hours calling every phone
directory in the state so I finally
found a me a diello in a place called
New Goshen and I remember flying from
Salt Lake City to Chicago to
Indianapolis getting a car and when I
got there it's enough this kid that had
he had killed these people let me just
tell you this story the next day he had
his leg blown off and he kept on
screaming this is what made everybody
remembered this his leg was blown off
and he'd done all the shooting and he
said to me Cali he was talking about the
town of Cali had ordered him to do it he
said God has punished me lieutenant
Calley and God will punish you so I find
this kid it's a rundown farm in this
rural area near Terre Haute near the
Indiana State Line or in the in Indiana
near the Illinois State Line and it's an
old farmhouse there's chickens running
all over the coop sound attending is
Mother I called early and gotten his
mother and she confirmed that was the
boy Paul who lost his leg I go out there
here comes this farm room and this is a
hard tack place she's probably 50 look
70 and I came out I'm a little ratty
Sudan I came in a car window car and I
said I'm the guy that called is Paul can
I see him she said well he lives in that
separate house
I don't know what he's gonna do and then
this woman said to me this woman who
didn't read newspapers didn't watch my
much news she said to me I gave them a
good boy and they sent me back a
murderer I mean are you kidding and then
I went in and what I did with him you
had a leg and I spent the first 20
minutes asking him to show me the stump
and how did they treat him and then he
started talking and then my I had a
friend who was working with dispatch
David Oaks who later became moving to
Bernstein's literary agent in well he
was the guy packaging the story and
somehow selling him and he called up CBS
and they said bring him here and he
agreed to come with his wife I flew from
from we we went to Indianapolis and he
flew to New York and he wanted it was
expiation and he went on TV and Mike
Wallace whose toughest inhales I asked
him he asked him five times in an
interview and babies again he kept on
saying a baby's and Mike was a very
tough dude and he got him there and they
first they were just interviewing they
were practicing and he asked him a
question he began the talk and he said
stop put on the cameras and the kid just
did it and that turned the story because
at that point he's on television it's
not Dispatch news telling stories to
everybody 400 bucks and it changed
America and here's what also killed me
after that was a third story I did I did
two more it was a Thursday I think I was
on Walter Cronkite remember we had we
had CBS news was against the war we had
something we had a network news agency
that actually took a stand on something
I mean I don't know what they're doing
with this the Mexico thing but I'm sure
they're being objective anyway well
there's no objectivity in this one and
so what happened is that's Sunday about
ten papers had their correspondents had
been in Vietnam they told the story
about what Massacre they witnessed so
we're dealing with self-censorship to a
degree and I learned a lot you know what
I learned I learned I can handle them I
can run them they could be mine
you
