it's interesting you talk about the
amount of federal grants that he got
that Fred Trump got an interesting that
just as Donald Trump came into the
business they were sued because they're
getting federal support and they're
discriminating against African Americans
but I wanted to go back to read from
your report David Barstow you write the
most overt fraud was all-county Building
Supply and maintenance a company formed
by the Trump family in 1992 all counties
extensible purpose was to be the
purchasing agent for Fred Trump's
buildings buying everything from boilers
to cleaning supplies it did no such
thing records and interview show instead
all counties siphoned millions of
dollars from Fred Trump's empire by
simply marking up purchases already made
by his employees those millions
effectively untaxed gifts then flow to
all counties owners Donald Trump has
siblings and a cousin Fred Trump then
use the padded all County receipts to
justify bigger rent increases for
thousands of tenants Dave yeah I mean
this is something where when Donald
Trump says this is old news I can tell
you that that no one had ever heard of
all County Building Supply and
maintenance it's never been written
about described anywhere and this is
actually a kind of a remarkable in a way
it says it when we were when we were
peeling back the layers on this it felt
you know like one of these sort of
gritty scams that you might see in The
Sopranos right it's it's setting up this
company to make basically huge cash
gifts from Fred Trump to his children
look like legitimate business
transactions let me give you a just a
really simple example this is one that
we described and we actually show in the
story the actual invoices and purchase
order so you can all see for yourself
exactly what I'm talking about so they
set up this company all-county billing
supply and maintenance it's not a real
company there's no corporate offices
it's actually headquartered in the
basement of Fred Trump's favorite nephew
the owners of all County Building Supply
though were Fred Trump's four children
and his nephew and all all that happened
was so Fred
anytime Fred Trump was going to improve
his buildings
he had a buy stuff right and in this
case as soon after they formed this
company they bought 60 boilers 60 big
expensive boilers from a company in the
Bronx Fred Trump himself personally
negotiated the purchase price of these
boilers hundreds of thousands of dollars
worth of boilers the man who sold Fred
Trump these boilers Leon Eastman told me
in an interview that one day he comes
back to his office there's an envelope
and there's a cheque huge cheque from
this company all County Building Supply
is like who the heck are these guys
never heard of them
didn't know who they were and what that
was was it was all County Building
Supply was paying him the price that
Fred Trump had negotiated but then all
County Building Supply would turn around
and would send an invoice to Fred Trump
for the very same boilers but the
invoice was padded marked up twenty
thirty fifty percent more so all it was
doing it was basically there was just a
invoice padding operation it was taking
the things that Fred Trump was already
buying adding twenty thirty forty fifty
hundred percent more and then charging
Fred Trump Fred Trump was effectively
overcharging himself that's what what it
looked like on paper but in fact all of
those profits are then flowing directly
to his children that's point number one
and he's not just a child Donald Trump
is like 46 yes absolutely absolutely
this was part of a fairly well
considered an orchestrated strategy that
the Trump family came up with when they
realized you know we Fred Trump is he's
getting up there in age he's starting to
suffer some ill effects dementia other
problems and they're realizing if he
dies all of this Empire all of the
buildings and huge amounts of cash
sitting in his accounts those are going
to be subject to a 55%
tax inheritance tax and so the idea was
well wait a minute how do we how do we
get how do we pull that cash out of the
Empire before it gets taxed fifty-five
percent how do we shift all of those
buildings into our pockets before they
get taxed fifty-five percent and in this
case I think one of the things in the
all-county building supply case the and
I think it helps you sort of see at
least the mindset here is not only do
they come up with this ruse basically to
disguise cash gifts as legitimate
business transactions but then they
submitted those padded invoices to the
state regulators who govern rent
increases in New York and they use those
inflated invoices in order to justify
rent increases for thousands of the
tenants who lived in in Fred Trump's
apartments mostly we're talking you know
these are working-class middle-class
folks who were seeing their rents go up
you know five ten fifteen dollars a
month in part because of these inflated
invoices from all County Building Supply
and maintenance and can you speak
specifically about the Star City
development in in Brooklyn which Fred
Trump made an investment in in the 1970s
so yes so so Stewart City is really one
of the largest federally subsidized
housing developments in the in the
country it's massive
it's even bigger than Fred Trump's
apartment complexes and and in the 70s
when they were trying to build stare at
City they needed some extra money so
we're looking for private investors it
was basically going to be this
investment that would create huge tax
losses that's why rich people wanted to
get in on starett City it would create
huge tax losses so Fred Trump could use
his losses at starett City to shelter
all of his profits from his empire so he
made an investment into starett city but
he also made an investment for his kids
as well and
Donald Trump starting at a very early
age was getting these huge tax breaks
from starett City in fact those tax
breaks helped him avoid paying any
federal income taxes at all in the late
1970s and and then and then of course as
as time progresses stare at cities now
worth a heck of a lot of money it
recently sold for nearly a billion
dollars and in fact that investment that
Fred Trump made way back in the 70s is
going to give Donald Trump a windfall of
16 million dollars this year before we
go to break how much money would you
save Fred Trump avoided in taxes
hundreds of millions of dollars hundreds
of millions of dollars I think you said
50 million instead of half a bill yeah I
mean here it's a pretty simple pretty
simple math right the week we see that
he transferred well over a billion
dollars in wealth to his to his siblings
it's at 55 percent tax rate so you're
talking about a tax bill an expected tax
bill of around 550 million dollars the
tax records that we obtained show that
the Trump family paid 52 million in in
gift in estate taxes so rather than
paying a 55 percent tax rate they paid
about a five percent tax rate the
question then is how did they avoid the
other five hundred million dollars what
happened to that first of all just to be
clear not all of that we're not we
certainly don't say in the store and we
don't we don't allege anywhere that
every penny of that was evaded money
some of it was just usual tax avoidance
measures that all rich people use but
certainly a very significant portion of
that came through tax schemes and
maneuvers that the experts that we
consulted with said really cross the
line our guest for the hour is the
three-time Pulitzer Prize winning
journalist David Barstow did a massive
expose in the New York Times this week
that's going to be reissued on Sunday
the New York state taxation Authority
responded to The Times report on Donald
Trump's tax practices with a statement
that it's quote vigorous
we pursuing all appropriate avenues of
Investigation meanwhile New York Mayor
Bill DeBlasio tweeted I've directed NY
C's Department of Finance to immediately
investigate tax and housing violations
and to work with NY State to find out if
appropriate taxes were paid the mayor
told reporters he's looking to recoup
any money Trump owes New York City oh
there was a good ol boy network
obviously Donald Trump played like a
fiddle and evaded the kind of regulation
and investigation and prosecution he
should have received many times over he
you know finagled and paid his way to
being somehow able to escape the kind of
scrutiny and prosecution he deserved and
honestly if a lot of people in New York
State had done their jobs he would never
have been present United States it's
clear to me that there are real
ramifications right now to what has been
disclosed that there's either potential
violations of the law or in the cases
where the statute of limitations has
[Music]
ended that there may be very serious
civil penalties that can be applied by
both the state in the city
so that's Mayor Bill DeBlasio responding
to your investigation what can New York
recoup new york city new york state and
are there criminal charges at all here
rounded for changes I think I think that
that clearly the statute of limitations
is the big obstacle to any kind of
criminal charges however you know we
actually don't know what ended up in
Donald Trump's tax returns and so if
there are things that he missed reported
that have their roots in some of the
transactions that were describing in
this article and those
misrepresentations carried forward into
future tax returns from from Donald
Trump that could be potentially
problematic because that could
maybe take the statute of limitations
off the table as an obstacle then there
could be a criminal prosecution
potentially although like let's you know
let's be real here I mean the IRS is a
much weakened agency I mean it's been
quite devastated by budget cuts over
over the years and and certainly the IRS
I'm talking about talking about state
authorities now I'm talking about the
federal IRS has said absolutely nothing
in response to this article I think the
more the more the more realistic
accountability that's there is this
potential for civil fraud there's no
statute of limitations for civil tax
fraud and so both this you know in this
case the state tax authorities that can
be a very powerful weapon if they decide
to actually use it to go back and look
at these transactions well let's go to
some of the mechanisms that you point to
in the piece that Trump used in order to
avoid paying taxes explain what Gratz
rgr 80s and how they were and how they
were used in this video accompanying the
New York Times expose your co-author
Susanne Craig explains how Trump and his
siblings came to own nearly all of their
father Fred Trump's Empire without
paying estate taxes grot a trust
designed to pass wealth between
generations in 1995 Donald Trump and his
siblings began to take ownership of most
of their father's real estate empire
while avoiding hundreds of millions of
dollars in taxes they did so by creating
to grant or retained annuity trusts also
known as Graz one for dad and one for
Mom
taxes are paid based on the final value
of the Gras and this gave the trumps
every incentive to lowball the value of
the assets that's exactly what they did
take for instance the Fountainbleu
apartments in 1982 the Trump's valued
164 unit complex at fifteen point three
million dollars but for the purposes of
the grot they said it was worth just 2.9
million dollars they then broke up the
ownership of the apartments giving
almost half to Mary Trump Fred Trump's
wife this allowed them to tell the IRS
that Fred Trump who had exercised
iron-fisted control over every brick of
his Empire for 70 years was a minority
owner with no real say over his
buildings so David that's your co-author
Susanne Craig talking about grants could
you just comment on whether this
instrument is what essentially gave
legal cover to Trump's transactions you
know I mean so gratz are you know a
well-established and legal instrument
that's used by the wealthy to pass
assets on to their children
in a way that allows them to avoid
estate taxes in fact if you watch TV
you'll often see these commercials from
BDO that are actually grant commercials
they don't say the word grat but when
you see this video video is this tax
concer this consulting firm that is that
is actually on CNBC MSNBC and CNN is
running commercials that are effectively
commercials for gratz and and so it's a
it's a it's a it's a technique that when
you talk to tax lawyers you know they
kind of they have this they almost get a
little misty-eyed about gratz they said
this is like magic these things are
these incredible devices that assets go
in all kinds of financial gymnastics
occur inside of them and then they sort
of assets come out and they're like free
of taxes I wanted to go to another of
your former colleagues and that is a
Cay Johnston also fellow Pulitzer Prize
winner and now editor-in-chief at DC
reported org he noted on MSNBC that
Trump's sister who's a federal judge is
heavily implicated in these charges of
tax fraud let's keep in mind Donald's
sister Maryanne Trump Barry is a sitting
judge on the Third Circuit Court of
Appeals he's a senior judge I tweeted
today that I think she should
immediately remove herself from the
bench we should not have a tax cheat in
the White House or on the federal bench
what do you think of this that's David
Cay Johnston David so I think the
important thing to say about this is
that Fred Trump's estate tax return is a
very important document and there were
three executives there were three people
who signed off on that estate tax return
one was judge berry one was president
Trump and the third was Robert Trump the
president's younger brother when you
sign in a state tax return you're
responsible for the accuracy of that tax
return you're responsible for accurately
describing the assets and you're also
responsible for describing all of the
gifts that were given by the person the
the person in that estate so what we
describe in our story is that the estate
tax return that the three of them signed
that the three of them vouched for but
that tax return is grossly inaccurate it
used all of the same kind of techniques
that we described in other parts of the
story and it did so in order to make
what was left of Fred from Empire look
like minuscule and so I think that
actually that the fact that she put her
John Hancock on that estate tax return I
think that's an area that is is
potentially problematic what most
surprised you and what you found David
as we begin to realize the thing that
that I think continues to surprise me
about Donald Trump is that this is this
guy who has been so much in the
firmament
of our culture and our media for so long
and yet there's so little that we
actually know about him and his finances
you know you there's this mountain right
mountain of books and and interviews and
you know it's just it's it's daunting to
look at but when you kind of put all of
that side aside and just try to get to
ground truths with this guy it's it's
every time we've done that we've been we
feel like oh my gosh the idea whatever
the idea was that we thought we had
about him it's it's quite different when
you pull some more layers back after
Fred Trump's death he write his Empire's
most valuable asset was an IOU from
Donald Trump and you say he betrayed his
father and what he wanted with his
empire if Fred Trump really wanted the
empire to stay in the family Donald
Trump was in some financial difficulty
difficulty again in 2004 and he was the
one who came into a family meeting and
said it's time to sell dad's buildings
and so they did and the irony is the
price that they got for all those
buildings was actually hundreds of
millions of dollars less than what the
actual property was worth
according to banking records that we
have Gunn covered do you think this will
force somehow lead to seeing Donald
Trump's tax returns this expose and the
political blowback from it you know it's
hard to say it depends so much on who's
actually in control of the subpoenas in
Congress on the basis of what happens in
the midterm elections they could
subpoena them sure absolutely and every
Democrat I mean every you know there's a
long line of Democrats who have said
this story is all the more reason to
exercise that subpoena power should they
should they win the and your lease is
coming out again on Sunday it is as a
special section David Barstow three-time
Pulitzer Prize winning investigative
reporter for The New York Times lead
author on the noon
York Times expose Trump engaged in
suspect tax schemes as he reaped riches
from his father we will link to the many
page expose that does it for our show
happy birthday to Becca Staley our
director democracy not produced by Mike
Bertrand take belts no mean shake Carla
Wales Lord got his denote any war enough
Simon al-kahf John Hamilton I'm Amy
Goodman with nermeen Shaikh thanks so
much for joining us
