this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show in
Gaza where the Israeli military has
killed at least 30 Palestinians at this
count today amidst the massive
nonviolent protests against the US
embassies opening in Jerusalem later
after this broadcast at least 1,000
people have been injured Israeli
soldiers are currently firing live
ammunition into the crowd of tens of
thousands of Palestinian protesters
who've gathered in Gaza near the heavily
fortified border with Israel the Israeli
military has also been dropping tear gas
from drones over Gaza
this comes as senior members of the
Trump administration of gathered in
Jerusalem for the opening of the US
Embassy including President Trump's
daughter Ivanka Trump White House senior
adviser her husband senior advisor Jared
Kushner
and Treasury secretary Steve minuchin
Jared Kushner is expected to lay out the
Trump administration's plan for Middle
East peace in the coming weeks the Trump
administration's decision to move the US
Embassy to Jerusalem has sparked
widespread international condemnation
well it's been praised by the Israeli
prime minister benjamin netanyahu who
spoke on sunday embassies to jerusalem
because it advances peace and that's
because you can't base peace and a
foundation of lives you base peace and
the foundations of truth and the truth
is that not only has jerusalem been the
capital of the Jewish people for
millennia and the capital of our state
from its inception the truth is that
under any peace agreement you could
possibly imagine
Jerusalem will remain Israel's capital
to controversial pastors have been
chosen by the Trump administration to
lead prayers at the US Embassy's opening
the right-wing preacher Robert Jeffress
who is previously said quote Islam is a
false religion inspired by Satan and
that quote you can't be saved by being a
Jew he's anti-muslim anti
decanting mormon anti-gay for more we go
to Gaza where we're joined by Sharif
Abdel kouddous independent journalist
Democracy Now correspondent Sharif
welcome back to Democracy Now explain
what's happening in Gaza right now as
the US Embassy is about to be opened
symbolically in Jerusalem well I mean
there's a just a simply massive protest
all along the eastern border of Gaza the
border with Israel throughout the entire
length of the strip from the north and
bit haneun to the south and Rafa I was
at the biggest protest site which is
just east of Gaza City there are
thousands of people converging on the
site men women and children and it's a
really surreal scene there are people
gathering mostly young men and boys up
near the border where there are there is
barbed wire three sets of barbed wire
and you can see just a couple of hundred
yards away Israeli soldiers you know
under these canopies on mounds of sand
sometimes in jeeps and they are picking
people off with snipers are literally
picking people off I've seen people who
weren't even you know close to the fence
being shots most of the people are being
shot in in the lower extremities and
their legs
I saw one person shot in the throat the
latest numbers they keep going up
somewhere between 28 and 30 killed
including a paramedic and a disabled
person there's a thousand wounded today
including nine journalists that brings
the total since this movement began
there's kind of somewhat unprecedented
movement in Gaza since March 30th 274
people killed and over 9,000 injured and
and you know there's no one is carrying
any weapons here there are no bullets
being fired by Palestinians on Israeli
soldiers there's nothing I have seen
that poses any threat to the Israeli
military
not a single Israeli soldier has been
injured and yet these killings continue
people are insisted this is peaceful
there are no military uniforms allowed
there are no weapons allowed despite the
fact that there are very heavily armed
groups in Gaza this was a decision that
was made by a group of by the
committee's that are running this
movement people throw rocks they burn
tires large tires which send huge plumes
of black smoke into the air to try and
block the view of the snipers they also
send these kites and balloons which have
you know either burning rag or an
improvised Molotov cocktail dangling off
the end and they try and guide it over
over the border and what most people are
doing it's just a very act of walking to
the border
some people go and place the Palestinian
flag on on the barbed wire some people
do go and cuts the wire and try and
cross saying that they are implementing
the right to return themselves but it's
also a way you know we have to remember
that people are trapped in Gaza there's
there's really no way out many people
have never left the strip because all
border crossings are closed to them and
they're not allowed to leave and so this
is a way of pushing their bodies up
against their confinement and this is
also happening all of this in a buffer
zone we have to remember that Israel
imposed a buffer zone a couple of
hundred meters from the border in Gaza
and so over the years farmers and people
living on that side of the Gaza Strip
have been regularly shot at by Israeli
troops on the other side and so even
reclaiming this space in Gaza itself is
in itself an achievement but it's a very
it's a very difficult situation and as
you mentioned there are well and they're
using these high-velocity sniper bullets
which cause a lot of damage also a
couple of doctors told me that they're
using fragmentation bullets which break
apart upon impact
they have seen injuries with fist sized
holes in the exit wounds this and most
of this is being people are being shot
in the leg so we're talking about nearly
10,000 people injured many of them by
live ammunition and many being hit in
the legs you know it kind of reminds me
of the the the First Intifada Israelis
would break the arms of Palestinians who
were throwing stones and now it's
Palestinians walking towards the border
and so they're taking out their legs we
were in Shifa Hospital if you just
walked there I mean there was a wailing
of pain and the orthopedic wards and
young men and boys walking around on
crutches many of them lying in beds
they're better legs bandaged up with
rods and pins protruding out one doctor
told me that they're creating a new
generation of cripples there's been
almost 30 amputations and and and and
also there's the there's the fact of the
tear gas
tear gas comes in three different ways
it's fired by jeeps which fire in
multiple rounds five at a time at the
crowd they're also fired by a normal
kind of kind of rifle that that goes
much further but there's a new method
which I saw twice today
what is tear gas being fired from drones
and this is a new method that Israel
experimented with just a couple of weeks
before these protests starts it was
first used in Gaza in march and military
officials were reported as saying that
they were experimenting with this but it
looks like it's now operational and this
also fits a trend of Israel kind of
experimenting its tools of occupation on
the bodies of Palestinians and those
tools are usually exported elsewhere and
I wouldn't be surprised if we start
seeing tear gas drones and other places
as well but a really chaotic situation
here so you're talking about what's
happening on the Gaza Israel border the
embassy is opening in Jerusalem Sharif
do you know about any protests there
it's opening just after the broadcast
actually of this show the protests in
Gaza while today is the most deadly day
these of the Israeli military gunning
down Palestinian protesters the numbers
we think around 30 as you said we're
nearing 80 Palestinians killed by
Israeli snipers and the Israeli military
since the ongoing nonviolent protests of
March 30th that are supposed to be
culminating tomorrow
although expected to go on from there
well I mean being here in Gaza it's hard
to know what's happening in Jerusalem
just with everything that's happening on
the ground and also a lack of access to
the Internet but what I can tell you is
that Jerusalem is a main factor in
what's driving this you know there's a
number of reasons that this kind of new
movement is happening in Gaza it's the
accumulation of a number of things and
the convergence of a number of events
you know the first of all there's the
siege of course were the situation in
Gaza I've been coming here since 2011
and every time I come the situation is
much worse it's really now intolerable
this has been a siege for 11 years it
has affected everything the economic
situation humanitarian situation the the
right to travel on top of that in summer
the Palestinian Authority and President
Mahmoud Abbas imposed sanctions on Gaza
worsening the economic situation and
things like electricity in a bid to
force Hamas his hand and you know
everyone knew that this was
unsustainable people were talking about
it
and so that's one of the reasons this
has risen up but another one in a
broader context and from speaking with a
lot of people here there's a sense that
the the the the the very core of the
Palestinian cause is under threat that
the essence of the Palestinian cause is
under threat so you have Jerusalem which
is at the very core of the Palestinian
cause with Trump moving the embassy to
Jerusalem the US Embassy and recognizing
Jerusalem
the capital of Israel and that is a huge
insult to Palestinians and there's also
the issue of the right of return many
people here spoke of what's called the
the deal of the century that's
supposedly being worked on by Trump and
other countries there's been several
leaked versions of it but many of them
do away with the right of return and
treat Palestinian refugees as a
humanitarian situation if you take away
Jerusalem and the right of the right of
return
you know what's left for the Palestinian
cause so that's really driving this as
well and it also comes in a context of a
divided leadership Palestinian
leadership with Fatah and Hamas really
nowhere near reconciliation that was
supposed to happen a few months ago it
comes in a context of a region where
Arab countries like Saudi Arabia the
United Arab Emirates and Egypt are
aligned with Israel in many ways and
it's coming on the 70th anniversary of
the neck paw of you know 70 years of
waiting for the right to return not
being realized and finally Gaza has seen
itself historically as responsible for
the national cause yes a lot of thought
is from Gaza Gaza gave birth to the
First Intifada it gave birth to Fatah it
gave birth to Hamas I gave birth to
Islamic Jihad it is all of this came out
of Gaza and it sees itself as part of
you know responsible for the Palestinian
cause and so that's why the demands here
are not just lifting the siege they go
to the very essence of it and they're
calling for the rights of return as well
I wanted to ask you about the
significance of the opening of the
embassy in Jerusalem an anti-gay
protestors from Dallas pastor Robert
Jeffress was chosen by the Trump
administration to lead the prayer at the
opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem
pastor Jeffress has a history of making
hateful comments against Muslims Jews
Catholics Mormons the LGBTQ community
this is just a few of the statements
he's made over the years where his past
Jeffress he's around here someplace what
a good guy where is he we'll come here I
love this guy here's the deep dark dirty
secret of Islam it is a religion that
promotes pedophilia sex with children
Mormonism is not Christianity
it has always been considered by the
mainstream of Christianity Hindus and
Buddhists Islam cults yes absolutely
Mohammed was nothing but a bloodthirsty
warlord who beheaded 600 Jews who would
not follow him
Islam is wrong it is a heresy from the
pit of hell Mormonism is wrong it is a
heresy from the pit of hell yeah Judaism
you know you can't be saved being a Jew
and Mormons do say they are Christians
they say that they believe in Jesus
Christ a lot of people say they're
Christians and they're not homosexuality
is degrading it's a degenerative
homosexuality is a perversion they are
engaged in the most detestable unclean
abominable acts you can imagine marriage
should be between a man and a woman
whenever you counterfeit something you
cheapen the value of the real thing
around the world today you have Muslim
men having sex with four-year-old girls
taking them as their brides because they
believe the Prophet Mohammed did it
that's Reverend Jeffress and that a
compendium put together by media matters
Mother Jones reports Jeffress who runs
the first baptist dallas mega church in
texas mmm
has referred to both Islam and Mormonism
as a heresy from the pit of hell
believes Islam Mormonism Hinduism and
Buddhism are all cults that Catholicism
represents the genius of Satan jewsí
believes our going to hell you can't be
saved by being a Jew he said Islam he
said as a religion that promotes
pedophilia sex with children he said
among other things this is the man who
will be doing the opening prayer today
at the u.s. embassy in Jerusalem Sharif
also president Trump's children's
son-in-law and daughter Ivanka Trump and
Jared Trump will be there along with the
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin
apparently Jared Kushner who's under
investigation in the United State
the son-in-law will be unveiling a
Middle East peace plan in the next few
weeks
Sharif well what can you say I mean you
know did Jerusalem it goes into the like
I said the very core of the Palestinian
issue and this is being done I mean good
speaking with people here in Gaza you
know and not just well I mean the fact
that the decision was made in this way
but also the arrogance and the way that
it is being done will not be I think you
know pass easily here it's not something
that Palestinians are just going to let
slide you know there's been a slow and
very determined movement to displace
Palestinians from Jerusalem Palestinians
who live in Jerusalem have a separate
kind of identity card they have to
constantly prove what's called the
center of life there if they travel
abroad for a length of time that can
lose that residency and then it'll go to
a Jewish person a settler if they marry
someone from the West Bank then that
they can't live together in Jerusalem so
there's a whole raft of laws and rules
and different ways that they've been
fully chipping away to take over
Jerusalem and then you know this the
move of the embassy is just you know
another kind of slap in the face and
it's it's you know it's one of the main
three issues that Palestinians have been
calling for and it's also recognized
under international law you know that
they it's not going to go to either
state that's going to be a shared
capital if we go by what the United
Nations resolutions have said so you
know what can you say when and also you
got this kind of posture here and I've
just been handed a me the the death toll
number here in Gaza has now just gone up
to 37 just today so so the scaling
continues and and you know I just have
to point out also in a lot of a coverage
of scene as always Gaza is equated with
Hamas
and it's just that this is a Hamas
movement and and so forth and I you know
Gaza is much more than Hamas and
especially what's happening now this is
this is a mass movement of all sectors
of Palestinian society Hamas is involved
but so is Fatah so is pflp so is Islamic
Jihad you know all those political
parties but more than that there are
women's committees youth committees
civil society committees legal advocates
all of them are taking parts and making
these decisions of how to move forward
and how to run this movement there are
no party flags allowed I didn't see any
Hezbollah flags they're not allowed only
the Palestinian flag and in the back of
the protests of further away from the
border just a couple of hundred yards
there's a festive atmosphere there's
cultural events there's art there's
music there's celebrations of
Palestinian heritage so this is really
more of a broad-based grassroots
movement I don't think even if Hamas
wanted this to stop that it could stop
it Sharif we just have this report from
AP you are describing the drones that
are releasing tear gas and you've got
the butterfly bullets that explode
within a person's body the latest number
of people dead since March 30th is we
believe around 84 just today alone in
the deadliest day of the Israeli
military's attack on this nonviolent
protest in Gaza 37 people dead and ap is
saying witnesses say Israeli drones have
dropped incendiary materials setting
ablaze tires that have been collected
for use in a planned Gaza border protest
they say the drones set tires ablaze in
two locations early Monday releasing
large clouds of black smoke I wouldn't
be surprised this morning a drone flew
over and set fire to early in the
morning to encampment sites trying to
set fire to the tents themselves some
sewage water was sprayed and the tent
encampment in Han Eunice and you know
when we talk about crossing borders
Israeli military
those regular incursions into Gaza all
the time and and commits these things
but yeah I mean these you know these
Israel's always coming up with kind of
these new weapons and the drones I saw
one you know for the first time today
it's Lou over and then all of a sudden
maybe six canisters teargas canisters
dropped out of the drone they're
spinning because they're spewing out the
gas and so they kind of spread over a
large area and you have people you know
men women and children just kind of
fleeing everywhere it's it's it's quite
quite terrifying and again you know this
is the the resistance of this movement
is really it's just rocks
it's kites and balloons you know it's
some Molotov cocktails but nowhere near
can they reach the Israeli soldiers who
are sitting behind these you know
ramparts and picking people off with
sniper rifles so you know and then the
burning of these tires there has been
kind of changes of tactics you have what
they call the tire brigade and you'll
see all these young men and boys run up
with all these tires and they put them
in these holes that they've dug in the
ground so they can hide down and not be
hit by the bullets and then the lights
were on fire and a young man will drag
it sprinting out to the front and hoping
not to get shot and then run back and
then once that tires burnt there's a
huge plume of black smoke and it really
does bar the view of the snipers and so
there's this kind of you know resistance
that that's trying to counter this
violence but again yeah today as I said
the number now is up to 37 so by far the
bloodiest day and tomorrow there's also
