Kieron democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
on Monday in Washington DC nine
religious leaders were arrested in the
steps of the Supreme Court they were
handcuffed for five hours had their
religious vestments ripped off them then
jailed overnight in cells with
cockroaches they were then brought into
court in ankle irons
the religious leaders were among a
hundred people arrested in Washington DC
as part of a national day of action for
the new Poor People's Campaign
protesting poverty and racism over the
past five weeks nearly 2,000 people have
been arrested when organizers described
as the most expansive wave of nonviolent
direct action the century the Reverend
William barber enlists the Oh Harris are
leading the protest 50 years after dr.
Martin Luther King jr. launched the
first Poor People's Campaign Monday's
protests came just hours after the
Supreme Court dealt a major setback to
voting rights by upholding Ohio's
controversial voter purge law democracy
now is on the streets of Washington DC
covering the action historians are
telling us that five weeks in we already
have the largest wave of non-violent
civil disobedience in the 21st century
[Applause]
this is just the launch this is just the
beginning
and we have today with us here others
that will be joining us in zone 10 when
we start to rally and across the country
we have all kinds of folks we have
workers that have been locked out of
where they're supposed to work because
they are standing up for higher wages we
have homeless folks whose encampments
have been destroyed but who are coming
to stand up for justice we have people
who have died that we're standing up for
still today because they could never
access affordable housing
when this country could build prefab
housing in 45 minutes right people are
dying without housing there are 62
million people that make less than a
living wage but there are 400 people
that make 97 thousand dollars an hour
that is insane that is immoral that is
unjust but we're here poor people's
campaign the national call tomorrow
revival my name is Ashley Ladon from
Richmond Virginia and why I'm here
because I'm part of the Poor People's
Campaign with also fight for 15 it's
kind of opened my eyes because I was
making 735 at McDonald's and I was
working full-time hours so when I got
home 515 it's like oh yeah I won't feel
singing I won't medicate I won't do some
one day they got me fired up but it's
like I want to keep going so I've been
now as I switched jobs to Wendy's it's
like I'm still going to fight because
I'm still not making what I want to me
and there's people that's making ten
nine ten dollars and still oh I'm making
good money no you're you're still poor
like you still struggling poor people's
campaign a national call for moral
revival my name is Catrice Johnson I'm a
DC resident I currently work at Ronald
Reagan Airport many of these people that
I've worked alongside they have families
and they if you don't ask them their
story you'll never know
a lot of them are suffering from like
depression and you know it's hard
because you live in paycheck to paycheck
and you're trying to put food and things
on the table for yourself as well as
your children and it gets hard and many
of them have like two maybe three jobs
that are working and I see the tiredness
to be on their face Campania por la
gente poverty
my name is sot jell-o
I came here because of we need the union
work in the airport dollars airports and
the company name is Anthony corporation
we push in wheelchairs to add people
people I get fired my job I worked there
almost 14 years from 2004 they see that
we are especially with the Union because
I don't like the Union and we like the
Union because of disadvantage disrespect
you know they feel like we are Africans
so they don't respect me they do I have
no regard for me you see so they treat
me anywhere they are up to that so now
and it's not good we are all the same
you see we are all human being you see
so that's why I'm crying because of
advantage disrespects you know this
battle for me my name is Valerie Blakely
I'm from Detroit Michigan and I came
because I believe the Poor People's
Campaign is
it's gonna bring about great change 40%
of Detroiters live below the poverty
line and when when wages and money isn't
you know like that you don't have access
to that but the price of water and your
basic needs like electricity and things
are going up and you don't have you
can't make your ends meet
I live in a neighborhood that was shut
off all at one time three block radius
we all got shut off that's endemic
poverty where people in that happen all
over the city they would take sent two
guys in a truck and shut off water for
whole neighborhood's for people's
campaign a national call for moral
revival I'm in Contreras I'm the vice
president for SEIU 32b it's sad that in
this country you have 400 people making
ninety seven thousand dollars an hour
when you have you know people who clean
airports the wheelchair attendants and
sky calves and you know working for tip
wages and reliable tips working two and
three jobs at the airports we're hoping
that this is going to bring to light the
huge income inequality in this country
but not just that but also like you know
structural racism and systemic racism
the war economy you know wage equality
for women that's what this campaign is
all about and that's what 32bj is part
of it
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is yaara Allen and I am from
Rocky Mountain North Carolina I am
director of cultural arts with repairs
of the breach music is so important
because it is actually the heartbeat it
is it is the life's blood of the
movement and a lot of people are drawn
to movements by the music you know I've
encountered several people who said when
we were doing our moral Mondays in North
Carolina I heard the music and once
they're there they actually hear this
message so this particular song by dr.
Jimmy call you mr. Jimmy Collier it goes
everybody's got a right to live
everybody's got a right to live and
before this campaign fails we'll all go
down to jail everybody's got a right to
live
Reverend gralen Hagler pastor of
Plymouth Congregational United Church of
Christ and what are you doing today well
I've been here and continuously
supporting the Poor People's Campaign a
national call to more revival to lift up
the various issues because it's clear
that we got to change the narrative of
this country change the discussion in
this country that really deals with the
issues that so many of us are concerned
about and our feel that it's at a crisis
proportion such as what's going on in
terms of voter suppression what's going
on all around the country in terms of
economic issues the kind of xenophobia
that seems to almost be accepted quality
and political language we're here to
challenge that we're here to continue to
challenge that kind of rhetoric and that
kind of dialogue and and create one that
is open and one that's inclusive the
Poor People's Campaign is not a new name
that goes back 50 years to dr. King can
you talk about that and your activism
that right I mean it's it's important to
remember because people I see people in
the media saying all the new Poor
People's Campaign well this is a
continuation of who we are where we've
been the kinds of things that really
historically on the table because we're
dealing with Martin King 50 years ago
who when he was assassinated there was
unfinished business it rained and rained
like it's been raining here and
basically washed away resurrection City
but we're here today to say that it's
this is a continued issue that we need
to continue to press 50 years later
until it becomes clear that that this
country need a new set of values
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is Amy Jo and I'm from West
Virginia West Virginia we have one of
the nation's highest poverty rates my
children I have two daughters in West
Virginia my daughters have a greater
chance of drug overdose than they do
from graduating from high school so my
mom was widowed in the 70s and if
there's one song in my in my childhood
that kept playing all the time it was
getting education amy joe-- getting an
education because you shouldn't have to
work this hard I want everyone here to
think for a minute about the poor West
Virginia students who were at these
colleges who have seen it swish and
increase over the past 15 years
from 120 to 140 percent for in-state
tuition I want you to take just a minute
and think about the West Virginia
students who have to visit the food
pantries on campus and that there is a
reason for their to Boothby food
pantries on college campuses in West
Virginia good afternoon
brothers sisters comrades my name is
Josh Armstead I'm the vice president of
unite here local 23 for the piece for
the DMV I'm also more importantly a shop
steward for Georgetown University strong
Union shop I've lived here in DC all my
life it is expensive to be poor in the
nation's capital it's something that you
cannot live with and I'm glad I got into
a union because now I'm able to actually
see the benefits of standing together
and actually being able to inspire
others to stand together I'm here today
in front of the Capitol with the Poor
People's Campaign and my Union and other
hearing assist those solidarity to the
working-class people here in America and
also to tell the millionaires in the
billionaires in this country that
organized labor is not dead will grow
are you getting arrested today why
because it's time to make take a stand
and to send the message that we are
willing to risk our lives not only
inside our shops inside our workplaces
but also on the street you talked about
right to work what did you say I talked
about right to work because it is a
racist stratagem to divide working class
people in this
it was made by millionaires and
billionaires who wants to vibe black and
white workers who they wanted to keep
wages down we need to build up our
collective power again and we need to
realize that racism and capitalism are
intertwined in this country and they
it's the reason why we have wages that
are so lowest reason why I need a white
house we have homeless people sleeping
at my face and square we need to come
together and realize the game that's
being played in this country that we
need to flip the board can you tell me
your own personal story how you got
involved with the Union I got involved
with the Union because I saw my mother
growing up struggle I didn't ever want
to be that way I didn't ever want to
live that way so when I got the
Georgetown I joined the Union and I
became involved as committee I talked to
my co-workers and we fought against the
third largest food service corporation
in the plant Aramark and we won that
contract and because of that victory I'm
able to see I didn't get a chance to say
that on the stage but I'm able to see
because we got union health care and a
union co-chair of the Poor People's
Campaign a national call for more
revival the Reverend dr. William barber
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and on this campaign we also believe is
something dr. King and many others
talked about it that is a basic
guaranteed income if we if banks are too
big to fail then people are too
important to fail people should not be
dying on our streets in the richest
nation in the world and we know that not
paying our people a living wage and
undermining union rights and cutting
social safety nets for the poor in this
country the wealthiest country in the
nation in terms of money is
unconscionable it is a moral sin and it
is a violation of our constitutions
promise to establish
justise when we have these realities of
250,000 people dying and I know today
some say where we've stood out here an
hour but imagine what it living all day
outside for 24 hours
imagine having to run run from worry
about health care 24 hours a day imagine
working at a job that doesn't pay you a
living wage day in and day out
imagine being not even having a basic
income and not knowing how you're going
to feed your children we have to have a
people in this country that are willing
to stand as long as it takes then
organize as long as it take and fight as
long as it takes when the Supreme Court
handed down today a 5-4 decision that
begins to take us back with some voting
rights and they're expecting what are
labor rights and we're seeing happening
in this country now what we haven't seen
since 1883 when the Supreme Court
overturned the Civil Rights Act of 1875
it is unconscionable it is a moral sin
it is a violation of the promises to
establish justice this weekend I heard a
trumpet bouncer say that there was a
special place in hell for those who
challenged Trump on train well I don't
use the talk a lot about Hell but let me
tell you what the Bible actually says
about Hell special places since he
brought it up James chapter 5 says that
a final word to you arrogant risk take
some lessons and crying you'll need
buckets of Tears when the crash comes
upon you your money is corrupt your fine
clothes stink you're greedy luxuries
aren't cancer in the gut of your nation
and it's destroying you from
with your life from within you thought
you were piling up wealth but what you
is actually piled up is judgment
why because of all the workers you have
exploited that's in the Bible because of
all the works you have exploited and all
the workers you have cheated now your
nation stands in judgment the groans of
the workers you used and abused you've
you've done we have enough resources if
you can find the two trillion dollar tax
cut you can find the resource and so we
want this nation to be seen as good in
the sight of God is good in the sight of
the Divine Spirit then we've got to cry
aloud and spare not we've got to be a
part of breaking these bands of
wickedness injustice and racism and
systemic policies that drive poverty we
have to set the nation free and I heard
a friend of mine he's he's dead when I
heard him in a book he was gay he's a
powerful brother and he said something
like this inmate in the 1930s in the
middle of traumatic times that still has
relevance at today to us oh let America
be America again
that has never been yet and yet must be
the land where every person is free the
land that is mine the poor man's the
Indians the Negroes me sweating blood
freedom from those who live Reverend
barber can you tell us what you're about
to do well we're about now to do an act
of more refuse and civil disobedience
we've been five weeks straight right now
this is happening all over the East
Coast next hour to happen in the central
area then our West our focus today is on
labor and poverty and living wages and
guaranteed incomes we believe we got to
shift the narrative of this country in
the only way we can do it is people got
to put their lives in there
and their bodies on the line you have
preachers and poor people and impacted
people who are in these lines and if
we're willing now they gauge in an act
of moral civil disobedience to strive
home what is going on we believe that
injustice is happening in the halls of
Congress and in the halls of state
capitols around this country where are
you planning to be in rest arrested in
front of today well I can't say just yet
but I can't say that we're headed toward
the Capitol and and toward the street
because what we're saying is we're going
in the streets to say we have to stop
because this country is going in the
wrong direction the bottom line is when
we look at poverty they are 140 million
people living in poverty and low wealth
we have more poverty today than head in
68 we're spending more money in war
today than we spent in 68 in the height
of the Vietnam War the what we was
killed a movement did in it was
assassinated and that's why I dr. Lynn
steel Harris myself and others have said
we have to re-engage it but not exactly
the same way they came to DC we're all
over the country and we're launching a
movement not ending a movement and we're
building coalitions of people of every
race creed color and sexuality who said
we're going to build a multi-year
campaign to change the narrative to
shift the voting in this country of
voter mobilization and to be a power
from among the poor so we inspired by
dr. King and others but what we also
know is this is not a commemoration
because the last thing you do with a
prophetic movement is commemorating what
you have to do is reach down in the
blood pick it up and reengage and that's
what this is
[Applause]
[Music]
the Reverend William barber of the Poor
People's Campaign speaking on Monday he
was joined in Washington by labor
leaders the fight for 15 campaign that's
$15 an hour after the rally Reverend
barber led the protestors from the
Capitol to the street in front of the
Supreme Court where about a hundred of
them were arrested
