[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we look now at the
deadly war on drugs and the Philippines
which has been underway since President
Rodrigo Duterte took office in June of
2016
thousands of drug users and dealers have
been killed in police operations or by
vigilantes thousands more have been
arrested and crammed into prisons like
the case on city jail which sometimes
holds four thousand people in an area
built to hold 800 for more were joined
in New York by an incredibly brave
award-winning photojournalist Rafi Lerma
who's usually based in the Philippines
where he has documented president of
territories so-called war on drugs a
warning to our viewers many of his
images show graphic violence a 2016
huffington post profile described one of
his nights on the job like this well
photographer Rafi Lerma was only a few
minutes into the overnight shift for the
Philippine Daily Inquirer when he
received word that three bodies had been
found on the streets of Manila out he
went to capture the image then there was
a drug bust and a few hours later an
extrajudicial killing it was his first
night back on the shift and he was
shocked by the rate the calls were
coming in
Rafi alarma joins us now in our New York
studio welcome to Democracy Now Rafi
thank you for having me describe what's
happening in the Philippines right now
it's really overwhelming what's
happening the Philippines right now
they're close to four thousand fourteen
thousand people have been killed in this
day of the drug war and four thousand of
which have been claimed by police in
police operations if they claim that
they have killed four thousand four
thousand people and the rest are
unexplained killings those they say that
are that's under investigation and some
of them are the vigilante killings and
well yes that so many people have been
killed one of Raphael Hermes most famous
photographs documents president de
territory's war on drugs showing a woman
gentlemen Elias grieving as she cradles
the lifeless body of her husband Michael
Ciaran next to him is a sign left by his
killers that reads I am a drug pusher do
not copy
rafi your photo is known as the Pieta PA
to image because it echoes the PA de
sculpture in the Vatican that shows the
Virgin Mary cradling the dead body of
Jesus talk about the night that you took
this photograph well I could remember
still what happened that night we came
from another crime scene actually he was
Michael Sharon was the third killing
that night out of four and I could
already see that there was a strong
picture it's rarely you see a family
member inside the police cordon and
beside the victim and she was holding on
to her partner Michael sorrow and and
when I later on I interviewed generally
an elias and she told me she wanted to
feel if the body of Michael Saroyan was
still hot / warm if he if he was still
alive and and also I could remember
still how she was telling us to stop
taking pictures and just to help them
and how did you feel about that to be
honest like a vulture you felt like a
vulture and we were preying on the
taking of pictures and we couldn't do
anything and when I have to do my job
but it was really
you could you know you feel you felt you
wanted to do something more what you
also have to do your job and how does
gentleman feel now about this picture
you took that has become so famous she
has become this image very much showing
the pain of what is happening I mean
you're talking about
what like more than 10 people killed on
average every night and we're talking
about by police by vigilantes all
coordinated in this war on drugs that is
coordinated by the president of your
country the Philippines Duterte well
it's hard to speak for generally I'm
still in contact with her and their
family but and she would rather not
remember it and remember what happened
that she wants to of course forget about
it and move on but still it's hard did
she tell you about Michael and who he
was of course and I remember too that I
think it was four days later I went to
the wake of Michael Sharon and first of
the family members were hesitant
flatting medians to the wake because
first of course what happened that night
then and kind of they were feasted upon
everyone taking their pictures in cruise
it came about because of your photograph
which Duterte specifically addressed
clearly you got to him because you
captured what is happening on his
streets with his own so called law
enforcement forces he called your
photograph overly dramatic and
criticized it as fake yes he did
mention it in the State of the Nation
Address he did mention that he said it
was overly dramatic and you're being
portrayed like mother Mary in Jesus
Christ I really felt sorry for the
gentleman liars and the family of
Michael Cera because you're already
grieving and he should have given them
that dignity already for me but the
second part is a I think I'm not sure
again with the word if I was vindicated
that the photo was mentioned during the
State of the Nation Address but it
reached the person had the bit reached
it was the president and now people
began talking about the drug war and the
killings can you describe your night
shift Rafi what does that mean when does
your day start and what exactly do you
do well we start around 9:00 p.m. the
night and we usually hang out in this
press office located that beside the
police station the Manila Police
District had a main headquarters in
Manila and in that press office most
journalists we we monitored
what's going in the night once the
killings and we share the information
sometimes most of the times you go to a
group and go into these crime scenes and
[Music]
stay there until 4:00 a.m. but sometimes
until 5:00 a.m. before especially the
first six months four to five million
will show you the time where the street
cheap sweepers will find those being
killed with a summary execution those
people packed in wrapped in packaging
tape sometimes we extend why are they
wrapped and packaged okay to be honest I
don't know
my key meant - might be a scare tactic I
mean it's meant to sow fear among people
and their meat to me
faceless these victims like mummies
probably in the place usually they they
have these cardboards saying that
they're drug pushers they leave these
notes on cardboard and who are these
vigilantes I do not know some of the
reports will say they are being paid by
people with authority or well have
handlers basically do police do this as
well can I say that but the there were
reports - especially in the amnesty
there was an ominous report saying that
some police were paid does Duterte
condone the killings no it's not good on
the killings actually in this first in
many of his speeches he was instigating
the killing of the right he couldn't
mean he condemns does he endorse the
killings
does he promote them does he say that
that's the right thing to do
yes he was saying that there are several
of his speeches many of his speeches but
now I don't know I
he's been maybe saying less of it now
the number of people who are killed and
the kinds of neighborhoods they come
from can you describe these
neighborhoods well these are really
impoverished neighborhoods and
[Music]
these are slums these are like the house
of Michael Sauron he was living in the
middle of a creek full of garbage that
was your typical drug pusher alleged
drug pusher and this is the enemy that
Duterte is trying your for the
Philippines oh I can say most of the
killings are poor is the poor have also
covered people like getting caught with
millions of drugs worth but they're
alive they get you processed they go to
court you're not dying and these people
they get killed with 200 pesos worth of
drugs that's around $4 that's your life
in the Philippines it's not fair you go
out every night you're covering
bullet-ridden bodies you're seeing
people who were tortured how does this
affect you personally well it's been
physically and emotionally been but
compared to these the victims families I
think I cannot compare myself to the
grief you're going to so why do you do
it why why do you think it's important
to take the photographs you take at
first yes we were thinking that when we
cover this it will be changes that this
might stop this will end the killings
that was of course what do you nothing
to do but it's not stopping now it's
more of documenting this and
hopefully people will realize maybe
10-15 years from now that this
documentation is important and in the
hopes that this does not happen again
your thoughts on President Trump
visiting the Philippines Trump shocked
many when he talked about his admiration
for duterte I want to go to a clip of
Philippines President to tear Tay in his
own words last september Duterte likened
himself to hitler you know my victims I
would like to be all criminals
Philippines President to turtle your
thoughts on what he said talking about
Hitler and more
well if do not only help these killings
I didn't have I mean he's the president
and saying this does not help in solving
the killings he's instigating he's
promoting it and then you have our
president the President of the United
States President Trump who seemed to
endorse the so-called war on drugs of
duterte
Duterte who spoke with Trump by
telephone said Trump was quite sensitive
to our worry about drugs he wishes me
well said duterte in my campaign he said
we're doing it as a sovereign nation the
right way and I want to share with you
the words of President Trump I just
wanted to congratulate you because I am
hearing the unbelievable job on the
drug problem Trump said in an April 29th
phone call according to a leaked
transcript of the conversation with
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte
published by the intercept and also
obtained by The Washington Post in The
New York Times
Trump said many countries have the
problem we have a problem
but what a great draw but what a great
job you are doing and I just wanted to
call and tell you that President Trump
said well sorry to say this but I hope
this what's happening the philippe's
does not happen here if he's if they're
solving the drug problem this way in
killing people I hope it does not happen
in America and what thoughts do you have
on President Trump coming to meet the
Philippines president duterte well I
hope that he is more aware of what's
what the human rights situation is
happening in the Philippines and it
should be addressed
he's the leader of the free world
you should set an example and I hope you
see something about it now Rafi Lerma
what do you think needs to happen in the
Philippines for me let's start with
stopping the killings first that's let's
go there let's find real solutions in
solving this drug problem what are those
solutions well first let's build the
facilities first we don't have proper
drug rehabilitation centers jails
facilities and it's also education
there's so much ignorance like what I
was it was in what Carl Hart was saying
earlier I heard it there's so much
ignorance on drug abuse on drugs in
general let's find those solutions it's
not killings graphi Lerma what gives you
the
strength to go out every night and are
you afraid for your own life has it
gotten more difficult to document this
you would come right up to the families
the dead bodies has it been more
difficult the more your photographs have
an effect do you find the police moving
in quicker and stopping you
well what drives me first
it's been more than a year there's a
half more one in half year of covering
this and what's the body no killing then
the numbers it's around 14,000 already
so there's four enough years to go I
could imagine what the numbers will be
when the president and his term so that
alone thinking about it it's it's that
drive you want this to stop
and talking about the police well there
was a report by Reuters and they've
we've seen that police have been taking
people who are killed in police
operations and they've been bringing to
the hospitals even if they did because I
don't know I cannot say what why did
they have to bring to the hospital in
they're already dead
what could possibly be the reason for us
media not to over it are you not just
show the photographs of the bodies on
the streets II cannot say or really what
their intentions are but what's the use
are you concerned for your own life I
don't really want to talk about it
because they to be honest threats have
been only on social media it hasn't gone
beyond social media and to be honest I
don't want to give the idea already to
supporters but hopefully it stays that
way hopefully it stays
that way that you can still cover and I
don't want to think of myself that
important we're just doing our job
honestly I don't I don't really think
about that much safety yes sometimes in
covering you'll hear the police saying
he cannot take pictures but we know our
rights too
we just have to follow procedures I mean
we don't cross the police line it's in
public we have every right to take
pictures you have to document it if it's
inside the homes well well it's wait
until the forensics finish their
processing of the crime scene and if you
ask the family if we can take photos
from inside do you think your photos
could stop the killings it's not me
alone
it's not it's not through photos alone
we'll be there we'll do our work but
it's the work of everyone it's a
collective effort everyone should the
way to stop the killings is for I hope
everyone in the Philippines recognizes
this is wrong and they should do
something about it it's not only through
photos Rafi Lerma I want to thank you so
much for being with us
Rafi Lerma is a photo journalist based
in Manila in the Philippines he was a
staff photographer for the Philippine
Daily Inquirer now a freelance
journalist who continues to document the
government's war on drugs this is
democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman thanks for joining us
[Music]
