this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
i meani goodman tens of thousands
protested across the United States from
Hamlet's to villages to cities to towns
all Saturday for families belong
together rally to demand the Trump
administration comply with the federal
judge's ruling all migrant children
separated from their parents must be
reunited
last week federal judge Dana Sabra in
San Diego ruled all children under the
age of five must be reunited with their
parents within 14 days and all children
5 and older must be reunited with their
parents within 30 days the Trump
administration zero-tolerance policy led
to the forcible separation more than two
thousand children from their parents the
demonstrations come in midst a new
strike and the legal battle over
immigration the government said in a
court ruling Friday it has the right to
hold children in detention with their
parents for the duration of their
immigration proceedings which can be
indefinitely current law prevents
children from being held for more than
twenty days well democracy now is on the
streets of Washington DC covering the
action
[Applause]
my name is Bonita Cabrera Lopez and I'm
I am um originally from what they my
love but I'm here in the United States
and I came here today as an indigenous
woman who has also experienced much of
what's been happening at the border as a
former political refugee as a child who
also crossed the border
because there are many indigenous
children right now in detention centers
who can't communicate and they've been
separated from their families and they
have no one to speak for them what's
happening right now with the children
and families all of them but the ones
who are most vulnerable are the ones who
can't even speak the ones because
they're too young or because they can't
even speak in Spanish let alone English
and so right now we as Maya community
that has been displaced from our
countries are trying to help our people
as best we can by getting indigenous
language interpreters to connect with
the children but we are constantly
invisible in this struggle because we're
mislabeled in accurately as Latino
Hispanic Latinas when were actually
Native American peoples from this
continent I came here when I was a
little girl because we were forced from
what the mullah during the internal
armed conflict and so we had to flee or
otherwise they would have killed us but
many of the people who are coming here
now
are the children the grandchildren of
the war of foreign policies that have
decimated our country the us-backed and
military backed atrocities in my country
and in other countries like on Buddha's
and Mexico El Salvador Nicaragua and so
many other countries and so there is a
responsibility as well the United States
to not forget its historical role in
pushing our people out and in helping
our governments violate our rights there
are calls of course to abolish ice your
thoughts about that I think that is an
important step but I think that there
needs to be that it's not going to solve
the problem about everyone who's being
forced to migrate in the first place and
so when you're looking at inequalities
structural impunity in our countries
related to historical and justices
that's where things need to also be
addressed because people will continue
to come whether or not ice is on the
border and so yes abolished ice but also
look at the root causes of why our
people are forced to leave in the first
place no one wants to take that journey
of crossing especially children and
girls who are at higher risk of rape so
it's it's a long problem and many of us
need to come to the table and what US
has indigenous peoples are asking is
that our particular right to need are
not ignored and that we are part of the
conversation that we can bring our
solutions that we're doing from our
communities to the table and that we're
not confused and invisible eyes by this
wrong labeling of being Latino or has
been
because we are indigenous we're Native
American nation my name is Maria Teresa
Lopez I'm from Guatemala they from the
Maya nation mom and I was refugees here
in the eighties and I grow my children
in this country because the world in the
eighties in my country this is why I
want to ask you about the 20 year old
Mayan woman Claudia Patricia Gomez
Gonzalez she was murdered
at the border one month ago other young
women she's she's 20 years old and she
wants to come in this country but
crossing the border and was killed and
it's a big big broken fact for me
because it's my neighbor village
it's now plus the tension in many places
in the borders and so many young women
young men they speak just their own
native language you came here in the 80s
from Guatemala
can you talk about the conditions that
you were fleeing from Guatemala talk
about what life was like there and but
there in the u.s. is involvement immuno
acento cincuenta cuatro quando in 1954
government performed a coup d'etat
turbines yeah and there began the
infiltration by the US with the
Guatemalan government this is when I was
only three years old then during the 60s
everytime the situation would become
difficult there was no work for people
there were kidnappings and no one knew
why Rose Kennedy severe porque ya en los
zetas
la gente MPs and organs in the 70s the
people we can to organize to defend
themselves because they had stolen lots
of land the army was occupying large
parts of the land where Mayan families
lived then towards the end of the 70s
the massacre of pons OHS happened
because they had found oil in those
lands and that was the first massacre
and that is how it first
Passos por que habían descubierto
petróleo NSS TMS
la primera Misaki Yesi empezó this is
how he lived for 36 years of war that
was called the armed internal conflict
during the 80s when I arrived in this
country I had to tell everyone about the
massacres the forced kidnappings the
poisoning of the water
the policy of scorched earth in other
words the killing of the people their
animals in their crops and this is what
Rios Montt did plan de Tierra rosada que
quiere decir matera la gente y los
animales cana see embrasse esto es lo
que eso Rios Montt ya muchos gobierno CA
Garrow many governments came and went
but the situation of Guatemala only
worsened
there were over 200,000 refugees living
in Mexico and many more displaced and we
managed to come to this country in which
was this blessed us no Graham was
entering a steep ice barren okay today
see that isn't to say that I forget my
mother country or my people I began to
speak out and denounced the in justices
that we had lived through then you see a
blessing justicia que nosotros a veamos
believer
[Music]
[Applause]
my name is America Ferrera and I am here
not only as a brand new mother as the
child the proud child of Hunter and
immigrants and not only as an American
who sees it as her duty to be here
defending justice I am here as a human
being with a beating heart who can feel
pain who understands compassion and who
can easily imagine what it must feel
like to struggle the way families are
struggling right now it is easy to
imagine that I would hope that if it was
my family being torn apart if it was my
brother being arbitrarily criminalized
if it was my sister being banned then
some would would stand up for me and my
family
it is that simple this fight does not
belong to one group of people one color
of people one race of people one gender
it belongs to all of us my name is Lisa
Fithian I'm live in Austin Texas right
now and I came here to DC actually
earlier this week to get arrested with
over 630 women in the heart Senate
office building to say we need to
abolish eyes and n zero tolerance and
end these detention camps I'm here today
to be part of this national day of
action that is happening in over 700
cities and this massive convergence here
in Washington again saying families
belong together this is an inhumane
policies that this government is
pursuing across the board it's been a
really devastating week for justice with
all these decisions and this is the kind
of resistance that we need
[Applause]
were you arrested on Thursday I was over
630 of us you know first we shut down
the Department of Justice then we took
over the atrium at the heart Senate
office building there's a beautiful
beautiful rising up of women you know
dropping banners chanting where are the
children
taking out the space blankets being
together you know we we knew that we had
to become and model that there is such a
thing as a beloved community and that we
do care and I think we did it in just
extraordinary way I've had women coming
up to me today saying my life has
changed since Thursday you know in tears
because you know when we see end up in
solitary with other people
we're actually healing ourselves as well
and you know that was an action of a lot
of privileged white women who know deep
down inside that they have a role to
play and it's not about being saviors or
protectors it's about actually doing our
own healing accessing our power making
sure there's space for other people
people of color to make decisions about
their own lives and have access to
resources they need to do that and it
was a tremendous act of solidarity
[Applause]
hi my name's evie Medina taya I'm from
here I'm from Washington DC I'm a member
with the pescado Indian Nation and the
international indigenous youth Council I
was invited to do a land acknowledgment
which means that I was invited to come
and say okay right now we're on the
ancestral homelands of my people the
Piscataway Indian nation and when you do
a land recognition it totally changes
the conversation because when you
recognize the history of the land and
you recognize that this is not a white
nation this has never been a white
nation that this land has always had a
brown people and that this continent has
no natural walls or barriers then it
starts to make you rethink what the
foundation of these cruel immigration
policies are it's important to note that
most immigrant families are not
separated by donald trump's
zero-tolerance policy that is the most
dramatic cruel and recent expression of
something that's been going on for
centuries but particularly i want to
talk about what's been going on for the
past few decades under the Bush Obama
and Clinton administration's we didn't
talk about incarceration of kids back
then we're talking about it now because
of this policy which affected thousands
of families it's really important that
we stand against it but it's important
to recognize that our whole immigration
system whether we have a raging lunatic
as a president or a friendly black
progressive as a president are still
separating families and killing people
my name is revin Traci Blackmon minister
of justice and local kurtz ministries
for the United Church of Christ and I
stand on behalf of our mothers and
fathers and grandparents and ancestors
who have carried us time and time again
through these iron curtains of white
nationalism
[Applause]
sacredness of family
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
my name is Jamila and from Houston Texas
I live here in DC my sign says that I'm
a proud daughter of an immigrant from a
travel ban country and that you're stuck
with me and that I vote my dad is from
Libya my family's in Libya and Supreme
Court was wrong and Trump is wrong and I
think that our policy our policies are
anti humanitarian and immoral the travel
ban is a Muslim man it's a racist policy
it was enacted with animus towards
Muslims and with discriminatory intent
and it is an effort to separate and
demonize and dehumanize brown people
from other parts of the world who need
our help and who often need our help
because the situations that we've
created Trump ran on a platform of
racism and bigotry these are things that
the right has supported for years and
they have their man and he's doing what
he said he would do and I think they are
connected in that it is and we see this
with Jeff Sessions he is living his
dream he is finally getting to enact
policies that actively harm hurt and
kill black and brown people and the
Muslim man is one of those policies
family separation is another
minami resveratrol yo soy Mexican
my name is Berta Arroyo I'm from Mexico
and I'm here in DC supporting the
families that have been separated by
this horrific immigration law Milla
Trudeau
a CEO a chopper Tamika is Cinco años it
is can knock a Ramos my sign was made by
my five-year-old daughter it says we
don't want to see families separated and
we don't want ice to continue
terrorizing our families Latinos or
anyone from across the world it's unfair
and inhuman our families are terrorized
and the way the families and the
children are suffering is totally
unnecessary and we want this totalmente
necesario ek Ramos que esto term in a
tonal prom eres el peor Presidente que
la historia visto en los Estados Unidos
Donald Trump you are the worst president
in US history we don't want you here in
BC cataratas por que todo lo que hace s
at oratory santipura - I live here and
I'm dreaming of seeing your exit because
all you have done is terrorize our
Mexican Muslim brothers and our brothers
from all countries - yo thanks to
Democracy Now is Carla wills John
Hamilton and Chris Belcher
you
