this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we turn now to a powerful new
book released today that tells the story
of one woman as she fights back against
the impacts of social and racial
injustice in America on her family
that woman is Patrice Kahn koehlers
co-founder of black lives matter the
book titled when they call you a
terrorist the black lives matter memoir
is both an account of survival strength
and resilience and a call to action to
change the culture that declares
innocent black life expendable Patrice
is story follows her childhood in Los
Angeles in the late 1990s and early
2000s as her mother worked three jobs
struggling to earn a living wage and it
puts a human face on the way mass
incarceration and the war on drugs hurts
young black men including her relatives
and friends Patrice's father was a
victim of the drug war he died at the
age of 50 her brother spent years in
prison for nonviolent crimes stemming
from his battles against mental illness
he was once even charged with terrorism
after being involved in a car accident
the police would target for trace to
raiding her house without just cause
in 2013 after George Zimmerman was
acquitted for the killing of
seventeen-year-old Trayvon Martin
Patrice co-founded black lives matter
along with Alicia Garza and opal tometi
the movement began online but soon
spread across the country black lives
matter became the rallying cry at
protests decrying the police killings of
Michael Brown in Ferguson Tamir rice in
Cleveland Eric garner in Staten Island
and many others including Sandra bland
who died in a Texas jail after a traffic
stop patrice con colors joins us in the
studio today on the day of the
publication of her new book when they
call you a terrorist a black lives
matter memoir she wrote the book with
the award-winning journalist asha ben
deli
who also joins us Asha is the author of
five books including the bestseller the
prisoner's wife she's a senior director
at the drug policy Alliance Patrice
congratulations this is an astounding
book this weekend I flew to Colorado and
then came back yesterday
through Chicago snowstorm and everyone
on the plane knew I had misplaced my
book because I said I must finish
reading this book until I should kindly
send me the manuscript but the story you
have told of growing up against all the
odds tell us where you were born and
place us in Los Angeles in your
community one next one of the richest
and whitest in the United States I was
born in Van Nuys California which is not
known but it's a suburb outside of Los
Angeles inner city and it was literally
in between multiple white neighborhoods
including Sherman Oaks Studio City
Northridge and I witnessed consistent
policing and militarized policing I
witnessed the impact mass incarceration
had on my family members and the most
early memories for me were my home being
raided by LAPD and LAPD lighting up my
siblings and their friends at eleven
thirteen years old stopping and frisking
them and this became our normal in our
neighborhood even though I knew it was
not normal how did you know because I
can feel the humiliation and every stop
and every moment LAPD was around I could
feel the impact it had on my mother I
could feel it in our community and I
knew that we shouldn't be living this
way I knew that there was more for us
and then I end up going to a mostly
white school and I got to see the very
real difference between how they were
treated and never actually witnessing
police in their neighborhood
and then how my family and my community
was treated no one asked you about that
you're right so eloquently about the
differences it was in the middle school
that you went there and the the talk
about some of the examples of the
difference in treatment between that
mostly upper and middle class white
community so close to yours and the way
your own neighborhood was being dealt
with I mean it was just in the school
itself it was not policed there were no
cops on campus compared to the middle
school that I went to for summer school
which was the first time I was arrested
at 12 years old Milliken middle school
was in Sherman Oaks which was the
upper-middle class middle school with
mostly white folks and Van Nuys middle
school was mostly working-class poor
immigrant communities and black folks
and it was just literal I mean one looks
like a prison and one looks like a
university and one at one I had metal
detectors and could you talk about the
experience of what time you were
arrested in the in the in that summer
school yes I was arrested because I
wasn't smoking weed in a bathroom and at
Milliken you could do that and no one
was checking for you worried about you
you mean the white school at Milliken
the white school at Sherman Oaks yes it
just sounds like a white school Milliken
eyes and lots of girls did it yeah I
mean all the white girls did it I mean
that's actually who introduced weed to
me was white girls and and Van Nuys
middle school was mostly like I said
working-class communities of color and I
was a cop came into my classroom it was
my science class and when I when I was a
younger person when I saw law
enforcement I feared them there was
already sort of that emotional response
I said the entire classroom kind of
tight and the science do you know the
cop whispered in the science teachers
ear and the science teacher called me up
to the class he had
left me in front of my classroom and
then walked me down a hallway went 12
years old I was 12 years old and all I
can think about cuz when you're 12 I
wasn't thinking about the political you
know analysis of the moment I was
thinking about what is my mother gonna
say which I lied through my teeth but it
wasn't until I got older that I realized
the impact of that moment and the impact
that would have on me for the rest of my
life you also describe your brothers and
the places you all had to hang out very
limited you didn't have the playgrounds
of Sherman Oaks rec centers arts
programs and the police moving in on
them when they were kids you were right
nearby you were like what nine yeah nine
years old I was nine years old
yeah then once again when you're a child
do you just pick the places that are
most convenient that was alleyways that
was the front of our building
sometimes it was in our homes it was you
know a child you're playing you want to
play outside and because of the war on
gangs because of gang injunctions the
the boys specifically in my neighborhood
were labeled as gang members and my
brother will tell the story which is
they never considered themselves a gang
until the police called them again that
that's not how they related to
themselves they're a bunch of boys
hanging out and those and at nine years
old bearing witness to that type of
humiliation has an impact on you and
Asha bond Ellie what made you decide
that you thought this was an important
story to tell you could talk about that
as well and how you first came together
so Patrice and I had known each other
for a good number of years both as
organizers and I thought it was
monumentally important to go behind the
statistics and unpack the real world
story of the impact of the drug war of
mass incarceration on people's lives
it's sort of what I've dedicated my life
to as you know someone who had family
members in prison
and as somebody who has seen the human
cost of mass incarceration I wanted
Patrice to tell her story in a full
complete way and I was especially
enraged that black lives matter and the
leaders of black lives matter have been
called terrorists when I knew that these
were people dedicated deeply to peace in
our communities peace for our children I
knew the impact Patrice had on my own
daughter of love and of peace and I
wanted people to see that I don't think
that you get to miss name people and I
think that the history of who we are
needs to be told and needs to be
documented and that's my dedication as a
writer and as an organizer Patrice I
want people to meet your family the way
you introduce them to us because that's
really the point of this book is people
speaking for themselves your unique
experiences and the difference and how
you grow up in this country from other
communities can you introduce us to your
mothers your fathers your brothers your
sister yes
Cherise Foley who is my mother a
brilliant woman who literally raised
four children on her own and the middle
of the 80s 90s she is powerful I mean
she's literally powerful Monti colors
who was my first best friend who was
criminalized very early on Monte's first
time in juvenile hall was 13 years old
and he would spend from 13 till 36 in
and out of Jupiter Hall prisons and
lockdown facilities simply because of
his mental illness and the war on drugs
my brother Paul colors who was apparent
to us as my mother worked three
sometimes four jobs and also has become
my security he's a security guard so he
does my security and Los Angeles he's
pretty pretty much my first protector my
sister Jasmine colors who in a lot of
ways we kind of kept her from so much of
what we witness and experienced we
protected her and my two fathers my
biological father Gabriel brick back who
I met when I was 11 years old that I
detail in the story and I always kind of
knew someone else was out there always
asked questions of my mother but got to
meet his brilliance at 11:00 and learned
so much about myself because of him and
my family and outs and colors the father
who raised me who is used to work at the
GM van nuys plant and was shut down and
was forced into taking jobs that were
not so meaningful and now owns a
mechanic shop in Las Vegas mom if you
can talk about Monte and your experience
well first he's after he's arrested
before he's diagnosed what this all
means
and in this unbelievable moment where
you decide to call on the police after
he's back from jail yeah
Monte we didn't know Monte was suffering
from mental illness unfortunate reality
as many communities of color
working-class poor communities we don't
have people coming in and educating us
about the crisis of mental health and so
we just thought some we didn't know what
was wrong we didn't and
when Monte was arrested for a robbery
and when he was 18 years old broke
someone's window he said the voices told
him to do it and ended up going to
prison for three years in his stay in
prison he was tortured by the Los
Angeles Sheriff's Department brutally
beaten and your mother first seeing him
she couldn't even find where she was he
was they disappeared him and this is
actually was a common practice of the LA
County Sheriff's Department it's
disappearing
prisoners and when she finally saw him
two months later he was emaciated my
brother is six to almost 300 pounds they
had completely over medicated him
and we would learn later on years later
just what he endured in that jail cell
when he was released when he was 23
years old
it was one of the most exciting days of
my life I get to see my brother I hadn't
seen him in years
we didn't know that we could visit
people you know they don't give you sort
of what are the steps when your loved
one is incarcerated we didn't realize
that we could go visit him so we didn't
see him for four years we just wrote a
lot of letters and the first thing that
I noticed when I picked him up for the
bus stop is they let him out and
flip-flops an undershirt and boxers and
I just I was I was so disturbed by I
couldn't he was at the bus station and
boxers and boxer shorts and a white
t-shirt and and flip-flops which shower
shoes essentially and I assured him in
the car and he was acting very different
it was not the brother that I that went
inside and that I knew and the minute he
got into the house my mother said this
is something's wrong with my son
and you know as every child that's like
mom be quiet you just got out of prison
like just give him some time and over a
week he slowly deteriorated and I didn't
know who to call and eventually I called
the ambulance and they made the
unfortunate choice to tell them that my
brother had just been released from jail
they said well that's not our problem
you have to call the police and I said I
can't call the police on my brother you
have no you know this is before black
lives matter before we've seen you know
black people be killed at the hands of
law enforcement especially black people
with mental illness but I just knew that
that was not the right choice but I
didn't have anybody else to call and I
did call the police and I talked them
through and I let them know what's
happening and the first thing they said
to me I said what happens if my brother
happens to get violent and I said we'll
just taser him I mean just like flat -
the young cop - young rookie cops
clearly scared out of their minds and I
said you cannot taser him like that's
not it's not acceptable
they walked into my house and the minute
they walked in and my brother just put
his hands up and went on his knees and
just started begging them you know did
you start he just started begging them
na I just knew I made them a mistake I
just knew I made a mistake and I I you
know held my brother I said it's okay
and I told him to leave and it was in
that moment that I realized that we're
on our own we are literally on our own
and there's no infrastructure for black
poor families when dealing with mental
illness there's just none and we had to
piece the infrastructure together and
the talk about that time that he was
charged with terrorist yeah it was in
those years as he was in an off and on
his medication he was in a fender bender
and he was in the middle of a manic
episode and he might've cursed at the
woman might have not we don't know we
weren't there but the woman claimed that
that he had curse at her and because my
brother was a second striker then
because they said that the cursing was
threatening they explain what you mean
by second striker he has had two strikes
on his record which is part of the three
strikes law and whatever California and
could end up getting if he were to
receive his third strike end up in jail
her for life even if that third strike
is stealing candy bar stealing a candy
bar getting in a fender bender so we
went to court when we when we finally
found where my brother was we went to
that first court date and the lawyer
said you know your brother is being
charged with terrorist threats and that
is a felony and they will probably be
putting him away for the rest of his
life and he was 24 24 years old and I
said that's not not on my watch and
you're a kid you're a kid sir well yes
yes you described a scene where you're
in the white school and so you're making
some white girl friends who you really
cared about and you described going to
one of their homes and the lovely
lievable scene that unfolds at dinner
and the way they respected you describe
what happened describe the dad of the
family and how he treated you yes this
is was what a my closest friends growing
up in middle school and you become
friends with the people that are that
are in proximity to you so it was
significantly white program
significantly white school those are my
friends and I went back to this friend's
house and what looked like a mansion to
me it's probably not that big of a house
to our neighborhood a tiny apartment
this house looked like a mansion and we
were all at dinner and the father is
jolly I mean honestly like probably he
looked like the original SATA class like
big jolly white man with a beard and
super sweet and smile on his face all
the time we're talking you know and I've
never been in a scenario like this where
you sit around and have dinner and
people pass things and and I'd ask
questions of you and he's you know and
we get to a point in the conversation
where he I don't know how maybe ask me
because oftentimes you know middle-class
parents asked what your family does I
talking about my mother and he says you
know repeats my mother's name Charisse
where do you live but I even tell him my
address he says oh I own those
apartments and my heart dropped because
it was the apartment that I lived in
that we didn't have refrigerator for a
year that sometimes appliances didn't
work that we I realized very quickly
that that was our slum Lord and the
contradiction in that moment it was hard
to settle and attention in that marble
because he was the first person who said
to you Patrice before you learned he was
your slum Lord what do you want to do
with your life what are your plans how
are you going to execute exactly exactly
and yeah what do you do with those
moments when the person who's clearly
has investment in you doesn't actually
have investment in your entire family
and an infrastructure that your family
is living in
it's hard to manage you also described
at a point in inviting a friend from
that other world to your house and him
coming into your house and the the
ambulance in the background that you
just took for granted and he suddenly
remarked so I didn't know you live like
this
that's exactly what happens it and you
know I think what's interesting about
growing up black and poor is you don't
actually realize how bad it is until you
see what else look what else has and my
mother was very particular about who we
let over and I begged her I begged her
to let my friend over he was my best
friend you know I didn't think there
would be any judgment I didn't assume
there'd be any judgment and there
definitely was and he walked in my home
and I remember that Dave so vividly
because there was the ambulance in the
background I was like why does it
Amplatz have to be here today why the
sirens today and I was nervous about him
coming in and he walked into my living
room and I was sitting on the couch and
he said kind of looked around he's like
I didn't know you live like this and I
got that I got that a lot from other
middle-class children because they only
know their world and they don't have to
actually enter the world of communities
of color and poor communities in
particular he also described the van
nuys was a racially mixed neighborhood a
large mexican-american community there
were Korean Americans there were even a
few white folks who lived in a
neighborhood talk about that experience
as well yeah I grew up mostly around
Latinos and my community experience with
both law enforcement and witnessing was
that I NS immigration national security
was really prominent and I think it was
important you know to grow up in such a
multiracial environment many of us our
family members were I'm getting you know
social welfare many of our family
members we're getting food stamps when
they actually look like stamps look
