this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman as
we continue to cover the fallout from
last week's Valentine's Day Massacre in
Florida we turn now to a former intern
for Senator Marco Rubio of Florida she
is also a graduate from Stoneman Douglas
high school Shaina Rosenthal just wrote
a piece for the New York Times its
headline I interned for senator Rubio
now I'm begging him to act on guns in
the piece the 21 year old reveals she's
already been near for mass shootings at
Florida State University Fort Lauderdale
Airport the massacres at the pulse
nightclub in Orlando and Stoneman
Douglas High School last week she
attended the CNN town hall meeting last
night of 7,000 people Shaina Rosenthal
welcome to Democracy Now what was last
night like good morning Amy last night
was incredibly empowering to see my
community come together and really speak
directly to their elected officials so
Marco Rubio did show up the governor of
Florida Rick Scott did not come
president Trump was invited to be there
in person or to attend by video from the
White House he did not respond he did
not come but your Senator Marco Rubio
did come and I wanted to play yet
another clip from last night's town hall
where survivors of the massacre at
Stoneman Douglas High School questioned
Republican Senator Marco Rubio this is
Fred Guttenberg whose daughter Jaime was
killed in parkland shooting last week
your comments this week and those of our
president have been pathetically weak
so you and I are now eye-to-eye because
I want to like you look at me and tell
me guns
were the factor in the hunting of our
kids in this school this week and looked
at me and tell me you accept it and you
will work with us to do something about
guns now I think what you're asking
about is the assault weapons ban yes sir
so let me be honest with you about that
one if I believed that that law would
have prevented this from happening I
would support it but I want to explain
to you why you would not
senator Rubio my daughter running down
the hallway at Margaret Evelyn Douglass
was shot in the back yes with an assault
weapon the weapon of choice yes okay it
is too easy to get it is a weapon of war
the fact that you can't skin with
everybody in this building and say that
I'm sorry that was Fred Guttenberg who
lost his daughter Jaime gunned down in
her high school shana Rosenthal what was
your response to your senator who you
intern for and when did you intern for
him
first and foremost Senator Marco Rubio
did show up to that town-hall meeting
but I do believe it's our elected
officials job they work for us and they
need to take action and they need to do
it now
now I intern for him my sophomore year I
have Florida State University during the
fall and what did you think of his
responses what's very interesting and as
you pointed out he did attend this
session and he did answer questions and
it does look like he is changing his
position on a number of issues around
guns were you satisfied it's a first
step but as you could tell by the voices
you heard at the town hall meeting and
the community as a whole it's not enough
and I think we need to reinforce that by
writing letters to our senators as I did
to Senator Marco Rubio
everyone has an important part point of
view on this issue everyone has a story
and that's why my sister and I began our
letter to your senator campaign and what
is that campaign that campaign you could
find us a letter to your senator where
people post letters to their Senators on
social media and then
they tagged their elected officials and
they use a hashtag letter to your
senator so one we could connect
virtually while the students are
marching out in the streets if you think
what can I do you could write a letter
to your senator and you can be empowered
and you could use a hashtag and read
other people's stories and maybe this
will keep the conversation going
and hold our elected officials
accountable to be clear Marco Rubio was
not willing to say he supported an
assault weapons ban although I got the
feeling if there were a number of these
7,000 person town halls he might be on
the way he was not willing to renounce
support from the National Rifle
Association
you had your the students from your alma
mater from the Stoneman Douglas High
School going to Tallahassee when they
arrived the Republican legislators voted
I think what 71 people to not even begin
a discussion about an an arm about a an
automatic weapons ban and CNN pointed
out all almost all of them have close to
a ratings by the National Rifle
Association President Trump at his
listening session at the White House
where he had survivors from Columbine to
the latest Valentine's Day Massacre he
suggested arming teachers at the opening
of last night's town-hall meeting that
you attended Broward School
Superintendent Robert Runcie addressed
the crowd that I've heard recently is
about arming teachers we don't need to
put guns in the hands of teachers
you know what we need we need to arm our
teachers with more money in their pocket
this country plays a lot of lip service
to the importance of the teaching
profession but we never put our money
behind it
let teacher compensation benefits and
working conditions be part of this
national debate as well that's Broward
School Superintendent Robert Runcie
clearly responding to President Trump
just hours before at his listening
session where Trump was countered by
people in the listening session when he
called for arming teachers Shana
Rosenthal what was your response to that
proposal to Trump's proposal yes
twice you should be arming teachers I
believe they are teachers first and
foremost and to expect them to be armed
and protect their students at these
great lengths is it sad that it would
even have to come to that point and we
should really focus on the main issues
but if that is someone's point of view
and they expressed that if they write
their letters to their senators
expressing that I think we could begin
to understand other people's point of
views we're all after the same goal
which is to protect our students are the
children of this country and I believe
we deserve more than a quick fix and
that's my view on that mm-hmm
I want to turn back to the White House
listening session earlier in the day
this is Florida shooting survivor
Alfonso Calderon we aren't being taken
seriously enough now I personally don't
know the steps that we're gonna have to
take
but once we figure that out we're gonna
take them and you better believe we're
gonna take them as soon as possible
because although we're just kids we
understand we know we are old enough to
understand financial financial
responsibilities we're old enough to
understand why a senator cares about
re-election or not we are old enough to
understand why someone might want to
discredit us for their own political
purposes but we will not be silent
it has gone on long enough that we just
because we are kids we're not allowed to
understand but trust me I understand I
was in a closet locked for four hours
with people who I would consider almost
family crying and weeping on me begging
for their lives I understand what it's
like to text my parents goodbye I might
never ever get to see you again I love
you I understand what it's like to fear
for your life and I don't think we
should ever be discredited because of
that I don't think we should ever be
silenced because we are just children
that's Alfonso Calderon actually a high
school student from the Stoneman Douglas
high school but he was speaking at
Tallahassee after the Republicans voted
down opening the debate on on automatic
weapons ban the NRA s dana loesch took
part in the CNN Town Hall last night he
or she is being questioned by Linda big
of Shulman her son Scott beagle was a
teacher killed in the parkland Florida
shooting why are my son's unalienable
rights not protected as fiercely as the
right to bear arms
I'm sorry for what you experienced and
I'm not gonna as I said I I'm a parent
but I have not been in this position and
as a parent it terrifies me to be honest
video it's it's terrifying now you asked
whether it's a lifer or firearms or life
or Second Amendment thing I think that
all life should be protected all life
should be protected that's why next week
there's going to be good guys with guns
that are going to be in school
protecting lives just as there's armed
security here we are in the presence of
firearms protecting lives this isn't a
you if you believe in your right to
self-defense you hate kids or if you
believe in your right to self-defense
you don't believe that people have the
right to live that's not what this issue
is this issue is about making sure that
we're protecting innocent lives no
innocent lives should be lost none of
them should when the Second Amendment
was ratified they were talking about
musculus we're not talking about musket
on that issue at the time there were
fully automatic firearms that were
available the belt and gun in the Puckle
gun and in fact the Continental Congress
reviewed a purchase of one of those
firearms me well what I'm saying is
there was more than just muskets
available we don't say that no one has a
right to free speech
[Applause]
Twitter or social media but the point
that you that you raised and I think
it's a good one and I know what you're
saying and believe me I understand that
I think all innocent life should be
protected I don't think that you should
have ever had to gone through that if I
could change time and change
circumstances I would have done
everything in my power to prevent that
[Applause]
that was the NRA is Dana lash who is a
former right-wing radio host taking part
in the CNN Town Hall
she's a spokesperson for the NRA being
questioned by Linda beagle Schulman her
son Scott beagle was a teacher who saved
many and was killed in the Valentine's
Day Massacre I wanted to turn right now
to the NRA s ad in June they produced a
recruitment video which came under fire
from liberals and conservatives for
stoking violence the video was narrated
by conservative television host yes the
woman who was there last night
Dana lash they use their media to
assassinate real news they use their
schools to teach children that their
president is another Hitler they use
their movie stars and singers and comedy
shows and award shows to repeat their
narrative over and over again and then
they use their ex-president to endorse
the resistance all to make them March
make them protest make them scream
racism and sexism and xenophobia and
homophobia to smash windows burn cars
shut down interstates and airports bully
and terrorize the law-abiding until the
only option left is for the police to do
their jobs and stop the madness and when
that happens they'll use it as an excuse
for their outrage the only way we stop
this the only way we save our country
and our freedom is to fight this
violence of lies with the clenched fists
of truth I'm the National Rifle
Association of America and I'm freedom's
safest place meanwhile the NRA
television has announced they will be
launching a new show in March hosted by
Dana lash and right before the town hall
meeting they released a statement saying
that the NRA is rejecting proposals to
raise the minimum age for purchasing
rifles so shana Rosenthal you have a
major force that has captured many
politicians Republican and Democrat has
them in their crosshairs if they ever
dare step out of line
what about this new movement of young
people that you are a part of student
survivors of the Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school killing and others
what is your response the students are
absolutely inspiring and incredible and
I think what's unique about this is that
one the victims are within a succinct
community which it's it's I don't want
to say easier but the collective action
is strong and also it's hits students
who can speak up who are tomorrow's
voters tomorrow's leaders and that's why
it's unique and it has sparked something
across the nation and which parents are
joining which neighbors are joining and
they have inspired everyone and they've
inspired me Shana it sounds like the
namesake of the school the school was
named for Marjory Stoneman Douglas who
was a true Crusader iconoclast she was a
suffragist fighting for women's right to
vote civil rights activist and she was
considered the grand-am of the
Everglades
great environmentalist saving the
Everglades which your community parkland
is right next to do you see yourself and
other students following in her
footsteps as she took on the entrenched
developer and business interests of
course I definitely see you you've heard
it all before
our motto at our school be passionate be
proud to be an eagle and I that's
exactly what is embedded in the Parkland
community that's what's embedded in
Marjory Stoneman Douglas and I have to
say it's embedded in the surrounding
area the greater area of South Florida
students I live right around the corner
from Marjory Stoneman Douglas and every
day I hear students marching from other
schools all the way to Douglas and
I think it's beautiful and incredible
what they're doing on the ground
we need to complement that we need to
write letters we need to we need a march
alongside them we need to do whatever we
can to support these students I want to
thank you Shana Rosenthal for being with
us former intern for Republican Senator
Marco Rubio Florida by the way did he
respond to your letter to him in the New
York Times you were his intern I have
not gotten a response yet but that is
why I'm going to great lengths to get a
response and that's just mimicking what
my communities doing they've gone
through great lengths to get a response
as well and I think the Town Hall was a
first step in that and I hope we can
continue this conversation Shana is a
former student at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School and we'll link to
your piece a intern for senator Rubio
now and begging him to act on guns this
is democracy now when we come back the
horror that is Syria a roundtable
discussion stay with us
