[Music]
this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
today we're joined by a musician who
wrote what's become an Anthem in the
Trump era it's called young Latin and
proud elado negro translated into
English as black ice cream has
re-released the song about the same time
that Donald Trump announced his
candidacy for president and attacked
Mexican immigrants calling them
criminals and rapists this is a part of
the song
[Music]
you don't have to pretend that you gotta
know
[Music]
[Music]
performed here in the Democracy Now
Studios well to learn about this song
and the musician behind it we are joined
by a lot of negro we're joined by
Roberto Carlos Lang and it claimed
brooklyn-based musician of Ecuadorian
descent his newest album is called
private energy welcome to democracy now
thank you it's great to have you with us
so talk about this Anthem that you wrote
actually a few years ago you've
re-released it now yeah I wrote it in
2014 2015 and
when you're writing things when you're
writing music a lot of times music and I
think visual art when it's not narrative
based which just wasn't necessarily A
lot of my music isn't it um kind of just
comes out as like a it's your mode of
self-expression and for me it was this
time travel lullaby that I wanted to
make and it was
me knowing the things that I know now
and the feelings that I've kind of been
able to figure out how to deal with uh
sending this song as a message to a
younger me and that's what it was and
just kind of this message of
encouragement more than anything like
all these things are you and and and and
describing that through the song
as he ascended the escalator at Trump
Tower and then talked about Mexican
rapists it's one of those things where
um
the um
we had a show coming up and the way a
lot of this works is like we were like
oh we're gonna release this new song
young Latin and proud and five days
prior or six days prior to us what we
had planned when we had planned or to
release the song
um this
Trump announces his presidency and then
he starts talking about Mexicans being
rapists and criminals and obviously
there's like on one side everyone
thought it was some kind of like
response to him and it wasn't a response
I mean it's a response in a general
sense to a lot of things that have
always been happening
but then it resonated immediately
because
he's he's a you know he's in the
Limelight so
let's go back to young Latin and proud
[Music]
[Music]
and you grow older knowing that you
always be this one thing and you always
have this to be
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
one day you'll be
[Music]
which is black ice cream in English
where did you get your name oh I make up
a bunch of different things for it so I
like this one I like saying this one
thing I like to tell people this a
friend of mine described my music as um
music from a country that doesn't exist
and so I kind of extended that into a
food from a country that doesn't exist
so
yeah that's that's a description
tell me about your family where you come
from my parents they were born in in
Ecuador in South America where in
Ecuador in and they moved to New York
um like my mom I think when she was like
13 and my dad when he was 16 or 17.
like a lot of people do and so then they
went to school in New York and then
moved to Florida and then I grew up and
I was born in Florida and grew up in
Florida where in Florida in Fort
Lauderdale in the area called Lauderhill
and talk about music and why it was so
important to you who were your parents
influences and then who are yours yeah I
think you know it's funny this kind of
like um
talks about a lot of things in terms of
Music social things political things uh
growing up
we listen to so much in Spanish right in
South America and Latin America in
general there's a lot of types of music
not just what's on the radio where
people think is Latin music
and um so that ends up being like the
commercial aspect of how things get
pigeonholed into like this thing so you
walk up to somebody and you say yeah
I sing in Spanish and they everyone
starts to think you're you know there's
timbales and Congos on stage and this
narrow perspective ends up being the
thing that ends up defining a lot of
people or defining you for them and so
growing up in my family you know in in
Latin America there's so much there's
like
avant-garde composers that are making
wild uh classical compositional music
there's people making
um amazing experimental uh music in the
80s that was electronic and then there's
people making the things we know
commercially better on the surface right
and so in my in my family we're
listening to a lot of like uh the pop
stuff my mom was listening to like a lot
of pop music and
like Rafael leodan like these people who
are like pretty popular singers down
there and um and then my dad listened to
like a lot of like folk kind of like
Ecuadorian folklore music but then at
the same time living in Miami or
listening to um we're living in South
Florida you're listening to a lot of uh
um
like Caribbean dance music like stuff
from or or or Puerto Rico or Dominican
Republic or anywhere you know even a lot
of like Jamaican music as well because
of the neighborhood we lived in was
Caribbean but so there's like a lot of
dance dance here music like that so that
was like a big infusion and then just
growing up in the United States in the
80s
there was so much in Florida happening
and that I was listening to on the radio
so for me music was just like
it's all encompassing it's everywhere
and when did you start singing
I didn't start singing until
um I was 29 and 12 30 yeah when I made
the first allow negative record I had
been making music for a long time and
then I just started to I decided to
start singing and I didn't really sang
at all and can you talk about singing in
English and Spanish yeah it's that's
always been a natural thing for me like
I grew up
in a place where everyone was speaking
Spanish and English and so it was never
you know people ask me people have asked
asked me more pointed questions where
they're like talking to me if it's like
a crossover decision or if it's some
kind of like a
um way of marketing myself and and it's
just that's what it is you know
Spanglish was very much the the language
spoken in where I grew up
talk about the tinsel mammals Roberto
yeah that's there's a lot to talk about
but
um sorry if there's too much to talk
about I am
I perform by myself mostly I have been
I've slowly
as I was touring and making music I've
um decided to to worry about myself
through electronic music be true to the
sounds that I'm making
and with that I was always I got to show
a giant show in Mexico and I got really
nervous and I was really naive I thought
I was gonna be on this giant stage and I
was really going to be on the smallest
stage there
so I was trying to come up with a
concept and I was talking to my wife a
lot about it she's a visual artist
and um
decided to make these costumes and we
made them completely out of tinsel this
is like 2014 and
they ended up evolving over time I would
get volunteers I would reach out
um
via like Facebook or social media
outlets and
try to find people who would want to
perform on stage and what I found as I
was doing this it was pretty remarkable
so we did something like 80 shows like
this where I got volunteers people I'd
never met before in these towns as I was
traveling doing 100 shows or more than
80 yeah and
people would come
and they're like yeah I wanna I would
I've always wanted to be on stage would
have stage fright and so putting this
costume on created this um
this anonymity it gave him this like
power of anonymity and people would then
feel like a whole different person we're
on radio and television so as we show
this on television
um describe it for our radio listeners
yeah it's a giant
um full body costume that there's no um
you can't really tell where the head or
the arms are you can see where the feet
are
and it drapes over the whole body and
it's completely covered in Tinsel and so
it's kind of like this giant it was
inspired by like cousin it and you know
um uh and something like you know some
kind of like uh he's gyrating tinselins
yeah tinsel and some kind of a peaceful
ghillie suit you know for non-nefarious
using it for for positive reasons so
another song that you're performing here
at democracy Now Studios Rolling Stone
calls your songs gentle calls for
strength and cultural confidence in the
face of intensifying racial tensions
talk about it's my brown skin
absolutely it's it ends up being a lot
of the songs that I sing are just songs
to myself like it's my own therapy
dealing with my own anxiety about my own
ideas and things that I'm dealing with
myself like how do I talk
about this and it's my brown skin was
it's kind of it's a love song to me to
like my identity like the things that I
feel as I'm in in the public and how can
I um
uh
make this something where it's not so
much
um excluding anyone that's just talking
about how much I can I can feel
confident in in my skin you know feel
confident in all the things that um I
have to deal with in my skin not just
like in The Superficial not just in The
Superficial but also in like the social
political climates right like we're I'm
touring and I go to towns where maybe
not a lot of brown people are at and
it's something
I think about immediately
and maybe not everyone does but I think
about it and so I think about it in a
way just like you would Comfort your
skin you would moisturize yourself you
know let's go to
[Music]
my eye Brown music Shade that's just for
me I'm living I'm missing anything
[Music]
cause I love you and I can't miss
anything but
true and you're stuck on me and all this
time I'm inside you
[Music]
our time together we grow we stretch and
we show our stuff as it goes and it
won't rub off oh
hey it's friends of similar shades of
different ways who feel the same way
don't ever fall get them
cause I love you and I can't miss
anything but you and you're stuck on me
and all this time I'm inside you
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
safe it'll keep you safe it'll keep you
safe it'll keep you safe it'll keep you
safe it'll keep you safe they don't keep
you
that's Roberto Carlos lying AKA a lot of
negro and Rafiq Bhatia performing it's
my brown skin
talk about your political influences
Rebecca I would always travel to Ecuador
a lot with my family
every year like spend like three or four
months there and throughout that time
would be there during elections
non-elections when you know every couple
of years the there was a coup in the
president's out for corruption reasons
for all types of wildly
uh crazy reasons and and through that I
think growing up I was seeing that and I
was like like
I was learning about like
the public
um environment with government and
through a different country and then as
I was learning government systems in
school I think I was like this seems
like such a sham like growing up I was
like this is
this doesn't feel real like what I'm
being taught here versus like what I'm
seeing there was always this distrust
and
and I think the main reasons I I think I
I really got excited about Bernie
Sanders I'm not gonna lie and so um
I think I became a little bit more aware
a lot more aware last year because I
felt this need
for for a lot of what um was being
represented on TV and like through
Donald Trump and I think that helped
push me more than anything I think I had
more of a social
um push throughout my life through my
music and everything I felt more of that
than to feel politically necessarily
politically pointed to describe myself
as that I never really wanted to be that
but I think in the past year I think
I've felt way more polarized how does it
feel to be Latino under Trump how does
it feel to be Latino in the United
States it's always you know I I answered
this question a couple times too and I
think um
I've told people this and I think I
think it maybe comes across the wrong
way but I do think it's true I think
it's same as it ever was I think
a lot of people
um a lot of people with more power and
more money maybe are talking about it
more so more people are hearing about it
now in a different way in a different
light maybe didn't know that people were
feeling this way and so they're dealing
with their own thing they're dealing
with their own sense of
ways to talk about all the stuff to
themselves which a lot of us like
private energy like my record and this
stuff were songs for me to me and talk
about why you called it private energy
this is your 10th album something like
that 10th release and um
yeah it was for that reason there's this
overwhelming feeling that like um what
can I do
that's what I felt like what can I do
all the time what can I do to help be
helpful be someone that's like
contributing to society and I feel crazy
all the time that you're not doing
anything that's like
um making it making it a better place
for any for anyone else you know I think
anyone who doesn't feel that I think I'm
scared for them and that's what private
energy meant we're going to go out again
with young Latin and proud but talk
about the young Latin proud community
that you sing to around this country and
outside of the country you sing in
Mexico you're saying throughout Latin
America sing in Poland what was that
like
um it was wild Poland was beautiful
people you know that's the kind of
special thing I think about music and um
you can it's they can be layered like
that where someone can fall in love with
music and then all of a sudden learn a
whole new thing about music and I think
that for me when you're talking about
political songs or talking about
anything that has anything to do with
music
um that revolves in this space I think
you wanna
be true with it in the sense that you
love the song before you talk about
anything else like how is this music
gonna be music that resonates with you
first and then
these messages end up seeding themselves
and I think that's what happens as I'm
touring and I'm hanging out with people
and people are talking to me it it's
special I have I can't I have zero
responses for people when people
tell me how they feel and just listen I
think it's really cool
in the song as we go out with it you
sing young Latin and proud and you say
one day you'll be old and proud
absolutely do you feel old at 37 I I
don't I don't I never feel old I only
feel old when um
I'm tired
so where are you headed we're getting
you right before you go out on tour
again yeah we're going to the Midwest
we're going to Chicago and Detroit and
Cleveland seeing those all types of Rust
Belt action and then back on the East
Coast I'll be in New York
yeah it's gonna be good well uh we'll
link to your website and to your tour I
want to thank you Roberto Carlos Lang
for being with us AKA elado negro black
ice cream the acclaimed brooklyn-based
musician at Ecuadorian descent his new
album private energy this is democracy
now I'm Amy Goodman thanks so much for
joining us
[Music]
[Music]
you woke up knowing that you'll be you
for the rest of your for the rest of
your life for the rest of your life
[Music]
we are
