I'm Amy Goodman a new report by PBS
Frontline has found the death toll from
the water crisis in Flint may be higher
than Michigan officials have
acknowledged the state has admitted 12
people died following outbreak of
Legionnaires disease after Flint
switched its water supply to the Flint
River in an attempt to save money but
according to PBS Frontline the city also
saw a spike in pneumonia deaths during
the water crisis some of these deaths
may have actually been caused by
Legionnaires between April 2014 through
October 2015 a hundred 19 people died of
pneumonia in Flint a jump of 46 percent
from that same time period a year
earlier more than a dozen state and city
officials are facing criminal charges in
part for failing to alert the public to
the risk of Legionnaires disease during
the Flint water crisis on Wednesday NIC
Lyon the former head of the Michigan
Department of Health and Human Services
was in court for a hearing to determine
whether he'll stand trial on
manslaughter charges well we spend the
rest of the hour with dr. mona
hanna-attisha the flint pediatrician who
helped expose the dangerous levels of
lead in Flint Michigan's drinking water
after she tested blood lead levels and
children in 2016
Time magazine named dr. mona one of the
hundred most influential people in the
world her new book is titled what the
eyes don't see a story of crisis
resistance and hope in an American city
she recently came to our studios we sat
down for an interview and I asked her to
describe the situation in Flint today
our water quality is definitely
improving
it is absolutely getting better shortly
after we released our findings that
children's lead levels were elevated we
switch back to treated Great Lakes water
however the 18 months that we were on
that corrosive water ate up our pipes
and ate up our lead pipes and they're
being replaced and replacing pipes
doesn't happen overnight we've replaced
about 6,000 we have about 9,000 to go
and until those pipes are all replaced
people still need to be on filtered
water or bottled water so let's go back
to the beginning some people have heard
about Flint water maybe others haven't
but tell us the story of what actually
took place
so Michigan has a crazy law that if you
are in a near bankruptcy state the state
can swoop in and usurp democracy Flint
has been in crisis really for decades
financial crisis with disinvestment
unemployment racism poverty and in 2011
the governor appointed a state-appointed
emergency manager to come in with one
purpose and that purpose was austerity
it was save money save money save money
and really no matter what the cost and
they decided that the water that we had
been getting from Detroit which was
fresh Great Lakes water for half a
century was too expensive for this poor
minority city that was near bankruptcy
and that instead we would start drawing
water from the local Flint River until a
new pipeline to the Great Lakes was to
be built but the critical error came
where the water from the Flint River was
not treated properly the Flint River
water may have been ok but it was not
treated with the necessary corrosion
control and without that medicine I
think of it that you put in the water
treatment it prevents the lead that is
in all of our plumbing to come out of
the plumbing and go into our drinking
water so it lead this corrosive water
supply leached out the lead in the pipe
absolutely so we were stubbornly slow as
a nation to listen to science and to
restrict lead in our plumbing the lead
industry was and continues to be
absolutely evil we still had regulations
in place that could allow lead service
lines until 1986 but not until 2014 did
we restrict lead from our brass fixtures
so we have led in all of our
infrastructure New York City actually
has the most lead lines in the country
but if it's properly treated it
minimizes the lead release doesn't
prevent it but minimize it so the the
corrosive water really just ate up the
scale that was in those pipes and then
released the lead that was already in
that plumbing into the drinking water
now it's not as if people weren't aware
I mean we went to Flint we met with the
people who were marching in the streets
she said the modern the water smelled
funny
looked funny described the water and
what it took and especially what you did
so the heroes of the story are the
people of Flint they were heroic and
brave and loud incredible activism and
resistance right when the water switched
they said hey you know the water looks
gross it tastes gross is brown it smells
like sewage my kids are getting rashes
we had bacteria in the water then they
dumped a lot of chlorine in the water to
kill the bacteria people felt that they
were you know drinking a swimming pool
that excess chlorine caused high levels
of chlorine byproducts which are
carcinogens that cause cancer and then
just a few months into this water switch
general motors which was born in Flint
stopped using this water because it was
corroding their engine parts so a full
year before I meet my research this is
an amazing story we went to the house of
one of the union workers in Flint who
worked at the engine giant yeah and they
got a waiver because they were getting
corrosion on their engine parts too
saying we can't sell these engines so
clearly the city and the state knew
there was something wrong with the water
and here where the Flint workers at the
plant Singh wait if it's corroding our
engines what's happening to our bodies
it is mind-boggling and the state
repeatedly just told people to relax
they literally said if you have any
concerns about lead in the water you can
relax so I heard about the bacteria I
heard about the high levels of chlorine
but the state was reassuring everybody
and I mean who doesn't believe that the
water that comes out of your tap in the
21st century it's okay and Michigan is
is literally we are the mitten state we
are literally in the middle of the Great
Lakes here splain right there we are
middle and the largest source of fresh
water in the world 20% of the freshwater
you're building up your hands and you're
showing Flint is right below your
pointer finger here's Detroit here's Ann
Arbor here's their Rapids and here's
Flynn literally in the middle of the
largest source of fresh water in the
world like who would believe that in a
21st century in the middle of the Great
Lakes that when you turn on your tap
that your water is not fine so
dr. Mona talk about what where you were
working at the time sure so I'm a
pediatrician and a medical educator at
our public Children's Hospital and
families would come in and see me and
they would be worried about the water
and I was reassuring families telling
them it's okay don't waste your money on
bottled water the state says everything
is okay
and I wasn't tipped off until a high
school girlfriend came over who happens
to be a water expert so at my home not
at work with a glass of wine in my hand
and this highschool girlfriend tells me
hey Mona the water's not being treated
properly I'm like what are you talking
about it everybody says it's okay how
could the water not be okay and she's
like well there's no corrosion control
and if you're missing that ingredient
there's gonna be lead in the water she's
from Flint she's not from Flint drinking
water expert formerly with the EPA in
Metro Detroit and that was the very
first time with a glass of wine in my
hand that I heard the possibility of
lead in the water and when a
pediatrician hears the word lead it's a
call to action we know what lead does
it's probably the most well-studied
neurotoxins known to man
it impacts cognition and behavior and
alters a child's entire life course
trajectory it's already a form of
environmental racism our kids in Flint
already had higher blood levels just
like kids in Detroit and Chicago and
Philadelphia it impacts them forever so
when I heard that there was potentially
that in the water that really started
kind of my quest to see if that led in
the water was getting into the bodies of
our children so talk about what you do I
tried to get the data from both the
county in the state so let is something
that there's surveillance programs for
all the blood blood levels done at this
anywhere in Michigan go to a
surveillance system just like we have
surveillance for flu and HIV I tried to
get that surveillance data but was
blocked and in every direction so then
decided to do my own research in our
Hospital which sees really the most
Flint kids pulled up those labs as
quickly as possible and the compared
children's LED levels before the water
switch to after the water switch and
notice that contrary to really every
trend that was happening at the national
level the state level and even
city level where lead levels have been
going down for years because we got let
out of paint in gasoline there was an
increase even if it had stayed the same
it would have been alarming and and this
was all a massive underestimation of
exposure so then talk about what
happened as you gathered the information
I mean you had people their hair was
falling out they had rashes hair was
falling out worried about their children
all kinds of nondescript symptoms the
hard thing with environmental health
exposures especially lead is you can't
really pinpoint it doesn't have one
symptom like I wish it had like purple
spots and that means you're supposed to
lead but it's known as a silent
pediatric epidemic you don't see the
consequences of lead exposure for four
really years after exposure and then
often it's it's too late
someone when we knew that we had this
data when we knew that we saw this
increase in children's lead levels and
it was in the same geographic areas
where the water lead levels were the
highest we tried to alert local
officials they were not interested in
listening so I held a press conference
and this is definitely not something
doctors do it's actually kind of a form
of academic disobedience you are
supposed to release your research in
journals and publications it's supposed
to go through a peer-review process
which takes time and our kids in Flint
had no time describe to us what happened
when you got your numbers back before
the news conference what did you say yes
where were you yeah so I was I was in my
office at the hospital with one of my co
researchers another young woman a young
mom and we got the data back that showed
this increase in blood lead levels and I
tried every which way to prove that I
was wrong I was trying to be a
statistical devil's advocate I did not
want to be right because to be right to
have seen an increase in blood levels
was was higher for our children that's
not what these Flint kids need who are
already struggling with every adversity
to their development every obstacle to
their success and so then you decided to
hold this news conference i de de hold a
news conference
so literally like walked out of the
clinic and into into this conference
room at a press conference to share this
data I want to go to a clip of that news
conference the percentage of children
with elevated blood levels has increased
the most striking increase isn't a zip
codes with the highest water level so
that's dr. mona hanna-attisha at a news
conference announcing the results of the
study she had done based on the kids of
Flint dr. mona hanna-attisha is a
pediatrician in Flint Michigan talked
about the response to this news
conference yeah so I shouldn't have been
surprised because everybody in the story
who had raised the flag had been
attacked the incredible mom the
activists the pastors the journalists
the water scientists everybody was
dismissed denied and attacked so when I
shared this evidence these facts this
proof that there was a alarming increase
in children's blood levels I was also
attacked I was called an unfortunate
researcher that I was causing near
hysteria which is one of my favorites
because I was also blatantly sexist and
that I was slicing and dicing numbers
and that the state's data was not
consistent with my data so when the
state attacks you you feel like crap and
I doubted myself I second-guessed myself
maybe I was wrong but I quickly realized
that every single kid in my data every
number every statistic was a child a
child that I had probably cared for
within the last year or so and they gave
me the strength to fight back because
this was not about numbers this was
about kids and this is about the future
of those kids so talk about your data
versus the state's data right so if you
weren't wrong they were wrong yeah so
they were wrong so that they said that
we know our numbers don't show this it's
not consistent with with what your
findings are and there was about a week
two weeks of this back and forth you
know comparing data fighting and in the
media and then finally the state's chief
medical doctor called me
and she's like tell me tell me how you
did your research like let's have a
physician to physician conversation
which means let's kind of cut the crap
what did you do
share your share your research and and
and that really forced the state to go
back and look at their data and when
they did go back and look at their data
they saw the same thing that that I had
seen so you had the governor's office
the governor of Michigan Rick Snyder
attacking you and then the next thing we
see is a news conference of Governor
Snyder and you're standing at his side
let's go to that news conference you had
contaminated water coming from your tap
at home should you have to pay for it
again that's one of the questions that
we'll be reviewing I know the perfect
analogy the question is should you be
paying for contaminated water you'll if
you're if it came out of your tap we're
addressing the immediate issue now which
is making sure people have water Phil
we're not answering my question sir I'm
answering your questions you're
answering so much question but not mine
describe what happened then yeah so I
will work with anybody who is willing to
work for children that is the
constituency that I respond to
so the governor asked what it was his
first visit in Flint with the new mayor
who had just been elected and they were
you know discussing the situation and
what needed to be done that was dr.
Karen Weaver the psychologist sort of
almost ran on a single plank the way I'm
going to deal with the water of Flint
absolutely she's a pediatric
psychologist so is well aware of the
consequences of a water crisis and
unloved crisis so I was standing at this
press conference with with the new mayor
with the governor with many of his
cabinet members and they ignore at that
point had acknowledged the crisis but
we're continuing to downplay the crisis
and although I was standing there and
asked to be there with them I couldn't
agree with what they were saying they
were saying that only a few children
were exposed they were saying that it
was by and large you know the school's
fault that there was high levels in the
schools I wasn't that it was the
corrosive untreated waters fault so I
very visibly shook my head I'm like this
is this is not right and in in
opposition to what they were saying
so they cherry-picks their data it's
just not a matter of oh they happen to
have different conclusions than you and
then they call you up and they say oh we
should do it another way this had been
developing for a few years people had
been raising many concerns so what did
they leave out that you found yeah
so actually in all these FOIA emails
that eventually came out the state
health department had actually looked at
children's blood levels that that
previous summer so in the summer of 2015
they had actually analyzed but the
levels from the summer of 2014 and
actually saw a spike in children's blood
levels but didn't share that information
so that was another missed opportunity
where this crisis could have been
averted so explain what happened next
Governor Rick Snyder is still the
governor of Michigan but a number of his
top aides have been indicted yeah
there's been over 15 criminal charges in
addition to a lead crisis we also had
one of the out largest outbreaks of
Legionnaires disease which causes
pneumonia and and fatalities people died
at least 12 people died from
Legionnaires disease which was also due
to this untreated water there was an
overall uptick in pneumonia so there's
some homicide charges because of that
there's been charges against the water
quality water treatment folks people at
the Health Department the emergency
managers city officials so there's been
many many investigations and ongoing
efforts at the accountability talked
about the role of the EPA the
Environmental Protection Agency which is
to say the least extremely relevant
today and the Trump administration the
rollback of regulations but this was not
during the Trump administration this was
during the Obama administration the head
of the EPA Region five which is where
Michigan is Susan had been resigned
because of this crisis the EPA actually
did their own internal report with their
Inspector General and noted that they
should have acted 7 months sooner
there were heroic and brave defiant
folks at the EPA who are raising the
alarm bells on what was happening in
Flint but they were also silenced
so there the there's a role of the EPA
at fault and and it's concerning now
because you know the EPA is further
being emasculated with you know almost
being permanently dismantled with cuts
and regulations and cuts and senior
staff so it's even more concerning that
we will see many more Flint's to come
there was an EPA whistleblower you have
the head of the EPA stepping down but
there was someone who is willing to
share his data with residents of Flint
so alarmed by what he saw there was a
heroic EPA with the Lord his name is
Miguel del toral and he came up to Flint
after an amazing mom called him leanne
walters called him and said hey i think
there's something wrong with my water he
drove up the Flint he offered to use his
own money to do testing in Flint he
inspected her whole house and he wrote a
damning report a memo in July of 2015
really early on with with alarm bells
everywhere everywhere saying hey there
is lead in Flint's water we need to look
into this and and he was silenced the
state called him a rogue employee Susan
Hedman
apologized for his behavior that he kind
of stepped out of line so there were
folks at the EPA who were trying to do
good and the Michigan Department of
Health and Human Services director Nick
Lyons facing manslaughter charges this
is because of the Legionnaires outbreak
what should they have done at the time
aside from not having switched the water
supply yeah obviously I wish I could
press rewind and never have switched to
this water supply because it was all
preventable this was all man-made but
