let's hear on democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman we turn now to a
major new investigation into Trump's
business partnerships in India and the
conflicts of interest these deals posed
for the White House the new cover story
article for The New Republic is
headlined political corruption and the
art of the deal in it journalist Angela
comet notes the Trump Organization has
entered into more deals in India than in
any other foreign country these deals
she writes are worth an estimated 1.5
billion dollars and produce royalties of
up to eleven million dollars between
2014 and 2017
during her year-long investigation
Angela comet traced Trump's India
partners long history of facing lawsuits
police inquiries and government
investigations that contain evidence of
potential bribery fraud intimidation
illegal land acquisition tax evasion and
money laundering Donald Trump jr. has
made repeated trips to India as recently
as last month last year Ivanka Trump
headed the US delegation to a global
entrepreneurship summit and President
Trump himself has welcomed Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi
a far-right Hindu nationalist to the
White House as well as entertained
politically connected Indian real estate
developers at Trump Tower in Manhattan
shortly after his November 2016 election
the New Republic investigation comes as
the Washington Post reveals one of the
Trump organizations real estate partners
in India has been accused of large-scale
fraud and swindling investors out of 147
million dollars well for more were
joined now by Angela comet an
award-winning investigative journalist
reporter with the investigative fund and
bail zellers visiting professor at
Brooklyn College her cover story for The
New Republic again political corruption
and the art of the deal which is
accompanied by a podcast Trump Inc from
WNYC and ProPublica the project was
reported in partnership with the Wayne
Barrett project at the investigative
fund previously Angela comet was a
producer and correspondent for Al
Jazeera's fault lines and Democracy Now
welcome back to Democracy Now it's great
to have you with us Angela so talk about
this amazing this epic one-year
investigation and
right on the heels of Donald J Trump
under enormous fire in here in the
United States for going to push Trump
business interests in India you know
Donald Jr made this visit to India last
month he visited four cities and four
days got massive press coverage most of
it very very positive in India and he
was there to sell apartments and Trump
branded apartments in his projects
across the country and the thing to
remember here is that the Trump
organizations largest overseas portfolio
is in India they've got five active
projects there right now and only one of
those projects is actually completed so
four of them are still in various stages
of construction and they're selling
pre-construction apartments and the way
they were advertising sales for these
apartments is by offering access to Don
Jr so right before Don Jr's visit about
a month before there was a advertisement
that was taken out that said if the
first hundred buyers of this one project
that's right near the capital New Delhi
would get flown to New York to visit Don
jr. when Don Jr was actually coming to
India the weekend before newspapers in
New Delhi all the major English
newspapers had full front page cover ads
that said you know Trump has arrived are
you invited Trump is here are you coming
you know and anyone who could put down a
deposit of about 39 to $40,000 on an
apartment would get a chance to have
dinner with Don Jr so it's it's that it
raises a lot of questions about
potential conflicts of interest and the
other thing about Don juniors visit to
India is initially when he first planned
his trip he was supposed to speak at a
conference at a global Business Summit
that Prime Minister Narendra Modi was
also speaking at and he was supposed to
give a foreign policy speech on
indo-pacific relations this raised a lot
of questions among ethics experts and in
the US and then so at the last minute
that speech was changed to a fireside
chat it was just a conversation with a
journalist so let's go to an interview
Donald Trump jr. did last month in India
with CNBC's Indian affiliate I think
there is something about the spirit of
the Indian people that's unique here to
other parts of the emerging world I can
you know you go through a town and you
you know and I don't mean to be glib
about it but you can see the poorest of
the poor and there's a there's still a
smile on a face you say holy SH it's a
different spirit that you don't see in
other parts of the world where people
walk around so solemn and and I think
there's something unique about that that
doesn't exist elsewhere and it always
struck me as you know I know some of the
most successful people in the world and
some of them are the most miserable
people in the world in a separate
interview during his visit to India
Trump jr. said Indian buyers were
starved for luxury in their own country
and that Trump properties would deliver
that luxury to Indian consumers are
traveling around the world okay before
it was as global before they traveled as
much you could say hey this is the best
of the best well now that they have
flats in New York Paris London they know
that and it was difficult for them we
also sort of starved for luxury they
experienced it they know what it is but
they couldn't get it in their home
market and so you know being able to
actually deliver that kind of product
here has made a big difference
so that's Donald Trump jr. in India talk
about how he defended his trip and how
exactly these businesses work he says
you know the poor in India are very
happy they're smiling they're happier
than anywhere else and then later he got
very upset when he was criticized for
saying that and actually made a comment
saying you know that got a lot of
attention in India because he was like
you know the Indian media is so nice and
mild he said because people just you
know we're very very nice to him for the
most part and and then he's at that
fireside chat in that last clip we saw
and at that chat during that
conversation at the business summit he
made a point of saying I'm here as a
businessman I'm here as a developer I'm
not here to do anything else but the
question is he is being advertised on
every Indian media station that he went
on without any anybody opposing it
saying as the president's son he's being
advertised as the sitting as a son of a
sitting US president and buyers are
getting
access to him and the real question here
is he held events in every city he went
to with buyers with investors and some
events politicians were there as well
that they claimed they weren't there in
an official capacity he's meeting with
all of these different people and all
these people are coming to meet with him
and their names are not being disclosed
Indian regulations don't necessarily
allow you to know who's exactly put down
deposits or bought apartments in these
condos they're supposed to there's a new
real estate Regulatory Authority that's
supposed to make things more transparent
but it might be yours before we actually
know who was in that room with Don Jr
and why they're in that room they might
be in that room because they're starved
for luxury maybe people in India really
want to buy Trump Tower apartments there
is a class of people who certainly do
want to do that India is one of the most
unequal countries in the world and there
is an aspirational class of millionaires
and billionaires that would want to buy
Trump Tower apartments but the point is
if there were people in that room who
are trying to access Don junior because
he's the president's son we don't know
who they are and also talk about why it
matters in terms of Indian politics and
the relationship he has with Indian
developers and the central role
developers play in Indian politics as
you can say the same thing about the
United States of course because one
became the president of the United
States I mean this is the thing that was
probably most interesting to me as I was
researching and reporting the story is
just trying to get a sense of how
politics and real estate is so closely
tied in India and you know India
corruption in real estate is very
entrenched in India this is something
that's widely recognized as a problem
the World Bank Group actually ranks
countries on the ease of doing business
and they have a ease of getting a
construction permit and India ranks 181
out of 190 countries last year it was
185 and part of the reason for that is
that land and construction is very
heavily regulated and requires you know
several dozen in some cases permits in
order to complete an actual building and
in order to get a permit at every stage
it's very common and often Nessa
to pay a bribe in order to move the
process along so that's one of the main
reasons for it the other main reason is
that real estate developers have emerged
as a major funder for political
campaigns and they the the ties between
builders and politicians is so deep that
a phrase that's used very common in
India is the Builder politician Nexus
and you know this this isn't that
unfamiliar to people here in New York
City and it certainly wasn't unfamiliar
to a figure like Donald Trump and it's
the way he came up in real estate as
well and this is something you know and
I read Wayne Barrett's book about Donald
Trump and reading about his
investigations into you know how Trump
got approvals for different projects the
parallels are really striking you know
and Donald Trump when he announced his
presidency I mean he did say I've never
met a politician that I couldn't make a
deal with if you can't make a deal with
a politician there you're not very good
there's something wrong with you and
it's that mentality that also exists in
the real estate industry and let's go to
Donald Trump jr. at the global business
summit in New Delhi when he was in India
asking when he was asked about
corruption there I think there's an
entrepreneurial spirit here that is
[Laughter]
again it needs no further explanation
though the media will say that I said
something totally different you know
that is different than elsewhere in the
world you know I have seen changes come
you know once I got with the right
people and understood you I have seen
reforms I'm not talking policy I'm
saying as an outside businessman coming
in over the couple years you know I have
seen changes you know some of the
reforms probably hit everyone but they
also weed it out in the real estate
sector which was you know if you were a
developer it was a four-letter award
okay
there was no trust because you were
promised X and you were delivered X -
all developers the ones who have done a
good job the ones who are
well-intentioned the ones that are now
you know truly friends with the ones I'm
truly friends with the good developers
that's Donald Trump jr. Angela comment
talk about the developers he does
business with in India well Donald Trump
and the Trump Organization have five
different projects as I mentioned so
each project they've got a few different
partners and what's really interesting
is that almost all of the partners have
a long history of legal entanglements
have a long history of being
investigated for tax evasion by the
government at least three of them are
very closely connected to very powerful
political officials two of them are have
close connections to powerful political
officials who are in the ruling party
right now who are part of the ruling
Bharatiya Janata Party the BJP which is
the party of Prime Minister Narendra
Modi one of his partners is actually a
political official himself he's a
five-term state lawmaker in Bombay now
called Mumbai and mangu provide loda is
one of the wealthiest men in the country
he's also a lawmaker and he shares the
same kind of ideological and political
vision in some ways they're both
right-wing politicians both developers
who turned into politicians his campaign
slogan a couple years ago became making
Mumbai great again and
the loader group and the other another
group in North India and Gurgaon called
I REO both of whom have ties to the
ruling BJP have also been under
investigation on allegations of money
laundering
so these are you know these might be
close friends of Don junior but they a
lot of questions about how exactly they
were vetted and what their reputations
are during his presidential campaign in
October 2016 right before the election
Donald Trump attended a fundraiser in
Edison New Jersey organized by the
conservative lobbying group the
Republican Hindu coalition
let's go apart to a part of the future
president's comments I am a big fan of
Hindu and I am a big fan of India big
big fan
big big fan let me start by stating
right up front that if I'm elected
president the Indian and Hindu community
will have a true friend in the White
House that I can guarantee you that I
think I'm involved in two massive
developments in India you probably know
very successful wonderful wonderful
partners very beautiful and I must say I
became involved because I have great
confidence and I have great confidence
in India incredible people and an
incredible country later in a speech
Donald Trump praised Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi the far-right
Hindu nationalist Prime Minister Modi
who has been very energetic and
reforming India's bureaucracy great men
I applaud him for doing so and I look
forward to doing some serious
bureaucratic trimming right here in the
United States believe me we need it also
in fact interestingly enough the Prime
Minister of India Narendra Modi was not
allowed in this country for many years
and I'd like you to talk about the the
reason for that but first this Edison
New Jersey event was very interesting
talk about who introduced Donald Trump
there so that it's all linked actually
the guy who introduced Donald Trump is
Shalhoub kamar he's a Chicago based
Indian American electronics billionaire
he was one of the largest donors his
family donated over a million dollars to
Donald Trump's campaign and he's also
one of the biggest backers of Prime
Minister Modi here in the US so in you
know Prime Minister Modi before he was
Prime Minister he was the chief minister
the equivalent of a governor here off
the state of Gujarat the western Indian
state of Gujarat where there was a
massacre of Muslims in 2002 and he was
chief minister of the state at the time
and was widely accused of not doing much
to prevent the massacre and there were
various accusations various court cases
that later came out with different
decisions around it but from 2005 to
2013 he was not allowed in the United
States and one of the things that
changed
his diplomatic isolation was both the
fact that he was doing very well in the
polls and he would later be elected
prime minister in 2014 but also Narendra
Modi is widely seen as a very
pro-business leader he is a right-wing
leader but also very pro-business and is
seen as someone who's you know going to
drain the swamp as it were but one of
the people who were key in turning
around Modi's diplomatic isolation was
Shalimar who organized a congressional
delegation to Gujarat in 2013 just
before Narendra Modi became prime
minister and more about the Gujarat
massacre there were several hundred
Muslims who were killed in 2002 I mean
it's a long complicated story but you
know the the the the tragic part about
it is that many of the survivors and
many of those the families of those who
were killed are still waiting for
justice a lot of these cases are
dragging on in court and this is
something that was very politicized and
has in the current moment become quite
difficult to talk about you write not
only about Donald Trump jr. but also
Ivanka Trump she went you know senior
advisor to President Trump her father
she sort of paved the way for Donald
Trump jr. in India just a few weeks
before Ivanka Trump went to India in
November so when Prime Minister Modi
came to the White House in June of last
year he made a point of inviting the
president's daughter to lead this Global
Entrepreneurship summit in India in
November and so Ivanka went in November
to the southern city of Hyderabad and
she wore all these very beautiful Indian
inspired dresses which was you know most
of what the media coverage was about and
right before she came you know the
streets were cleaned up there was a lot
of news reports about people who were
homeless and living on the streets were
removed everything was made to look [ __ ]
and span and nice for the president's
daughter never even remotely through a
fancy party for her but right after she
left one of my sources in who was a
retired planning official and in Gurgaon
told me that right
after she left things started going
pretty well for the Trump's business as
well so the towers that were the new
project that was launched in January the
final permissions on that were pushed
through in no time he said right after
she left so this is a case of the
president's daughter who has an official
position in the Trump administration
coming to India and right after she
leaves there's a something positive that
happens in the business side for the
Trump Organization then you have Don jr.
coming in who has no official position
in the Trump administration who says
he's there as a businessman but is asked
to give a foreign policy speech which
brings us to the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act which prohibits businesses
from paying bribes to overseas officials
I want to go back to a 2012 interview on
CNBC in which Trump comments on the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act every
other country goes into these places and
they do what they have to do it's a
horrible law and it should be changed he
wants the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
changed that was private citizen
developer man who has a number of
business interests in India Donald Trump
you know a lot of legal experts are
currently debating whether the structure
of the Trump organizations deals in
different countries that have a
reputation and have real problems of
corruption like India might be
susceptible to the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and part of the problem is
that these are licensing deals so the
Trump Organization is as far as we know
not investing any money in these
properties they're just selling their
brand but what I found over the course
of this reporting is that the Trump
Organization and the Trump family is
actually very very involved in these
deals and one of the things that legal
experts are looking at is how much did
they know even if it's a licensing deal
even if it's just a question of putting
a name on a different project that
