[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as turkish President
Recep Tayyip aired one urges Saudi
Arabia to disclose who ordered the
murder of the Saudi journalists The
Washington Post columnist Jamel
khashoggi we end today's show looking at
how US universities are facing new
scrutiny over their close ties to Saudi
Arabia in the wake of Khashoggi Xi's
murder we're continuing our discussion
with two guests yard and Katz Department
fellow and systems biology at Harvard
Medical School who wrote an article for
The Guardian on Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman visit to Harvard and
MIT earlier this year his piece focusing
on the kingdom's close ties to US
universities is headlined elite
universities are selling themselves and
look who's buying and in Hartford
Connecticut we're joined by Stanley
Heller executive director of the Middle
East crisis committee also a member of
the coalition to end the us-saudi
alliance we're gonna pick up with
Stanley Heller where we left off Stanley
the information you have is so explosive
so important you're exposing the ties
and the visit of the Crown Prince to the
University of New Haven and Yale
University and this was before the
murder of Khashoggi in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul which at this
point though their stories have changed
many times the Saudi regime has admitted
there apparently was a kind of 15 man a
hit team came in on to Saudi jets hours
before Jamal Khashoggi she went into the
consulate to get some marriage documents
he needed his Turkish fiance was
standing outside waiting for him and
among those who apparently were in that
hit team was a man named
Sallah Muhammad Ulta bikie a leading
forensic doctor member of the Society of
forensic medicine King Fahd a security
college can you explain how that relates
to the University of New Haven we
objected to the University of New Haven
having any ties with that King Fahd
security college or Saudi Arabia as a
whole and then after the khashoggi
killing we looked at web sites and
noticed that the editorial board of a
top Saudi forensic society included
saleh al to begi and Henry Seeley who is
the famous forensic scientist at the
University of New Haven and so this is
what we brought up at first the
university said that we think there are
two out two Biggie's we're getting this
information from the Saudis but that
pretty much has been exploded and the
name Sal Alto Big E has been taken off
that editorial boards the website then
the university said and says well we're
proud of what we do we're improving the
justice system of Saudi Arabia and our
response was well what are one of the
facts about this what what evidence have
you been able to convince the Saudi
government to give the remains of Sheikh
Nimr al-nimr back to his family they
executed this peaceful activists at the
beginning of 2016 and his body has not
been returned have they cancelled the
sentence of a thousand lashes against
Raef Badawi what about the women the
women who had been for a long time
trying to get the right to drive these
feminist activists they're in jail how
is the Saudi our justice system improved
and as a last example what about what
happened when they grabbed the Saudi
billionaires last fall was there any
kind of due process they stuck them in a
hotel the ritz-carlton the crown prince
how did this group of princes held
that's right and they were held in this
hotel they coughed up billions of
dollars and then they let them go
was there any due process where is there
any lawyers involved any charges
anything given to the public about this
and of course the answer is no so how is
UNH helping this is this is wrong and
that's the big scandal UNH none of these
colleges should be helping there's also
the the question of Yale University if
we can get into that you mentioned the
the ten million dollars this billionaire
Connell family has given to the Yale Law
School we objected to that when that
first happened a while back but what we
said is all right you have this Islamic
Center you're interested in law Yale
University let's have an emergency
conference talking about the state of
law in Saudi Arabia so we sent a letter
to the Yale University we've mentioned
this to the press we have not yet gotten
a an answer from Yale but students at
universities around the country should
use this opportunity and have
conferences of their own we used to call
them teach-ins it was a combination of a
conference and a protest so we shouldn't
lose this opportunity there should be
protests like occurred at MIT there are
protests effective ones against cluster
bombs in Rhode Island this goes back a
couple years ago and oh the Obama
administration actually stopped it and
there's been the marvelous code pink
protest in Washington DC where they make
those mock pictures of
of Prince Salman and they have the they
had one with the royal bonesaw a grisly
reminder of what happened in Turkey so
people should get out in protest and
then they should coordinate get a hold
of us
Saudi US dot orc contact us too you know
coordinate their protests and
educational activities and also note our
p.m. world which is a new anti-war
Network which combines support for
Palestinians and the Syrian democracy
movement in opposition to the Saudis and
our road to climate destruction the
Turkish government
reportedly has audio recordings showing
that Khashoggi
was dragged screaming from the Consul
general's office for stun to a table in
a room injected with an unknown
substance this is all the sort of
reports that have come out over the last
few weeks
khashoggi was then reportedly
dismembered by a saudi forensic doctor
an autopsy expert this is an amazing
story allegedly now we don't know to by
guy who listened to music on headphones
as he used a bone saw to cut a still
breathing Khashoggi into pieces now
again these are reports gotten from all
different places in the media reportedly
took Jamal khashoggi seven minutes to
die this from Middle East I the forensic
doctor Salim Mohammed Al to biggie put
on the earphones and listen to music as
he advised other members of the squad to
do the same saying when I do this job I
listen to music you should do that too
too baggy was recorded as saying
according to this source who is talking
to the news organization Middle East I
stanley Heller as you listen to this
let's talk more about the University of
New Haven's response and it's connection
to the center where he works
the he's a board member of the Society
of forensic medicine at King Fahd
Security College I do want to turn to
the University of New Haven and its
partnership with this College in Riyadh
The Hartford Courant recently asked the
university spokeswoman Lynn Chamberlain
about the collaboration Chamberlain said
in a statement that UNH was approached
by the Saudi College for guidance as a
transition to offering four-year degrees
she wrote the goal then is now was to
help modernize and professionalize
criminal justice activities in Saudi
Arabia through this educational
partnership we've been pleased with the
academic professionalism of our partners
and we look forward to continuing the
relationship if you could take it from
there Stanley Heller well we've called
on political leaders in Connecticut both
federal and state to mount an
investigation to see what exactly a UNH
is doing what King Fahd security college
to see if there's any connection between
UNH staff and this guy Alta beigey or
any of the others who were alleged to
take part in this killing I'm pleased to
say senator Blumenthal has responded and
has asked that Saudi I'm sorry that the
UNH College re-evaluate its its program
with King Fahd security College I'm
hoping that other political leaders are
there members of Congress and and state
officials will also make statements
about this and again just serious thing
for people who didn't hear the first
part of this discussion while is you're
saying you don't absolutely know we're
talking about the
to buy ghee that from the website of the
King Fahd security college now out of
what she was a board member his name has
been removed as you've been pressuring
the University of New Haven to find out
more information is that right well they
took his name off the editorial board
but curiously they didn't take his name
off the Governing Board of the forensic
society it's still there in arabic and
if you use the google translator it's
the same name in english so i don't know
why they didn't do this it's laziness or
whatnot but the name is still there on
the governing board yard MCATs was just
talking to us who is a department fellow
in systems biology at Harvard Medical
School about well garden let's go to you
about this issue of university ties you
are most concerned about Harvard right
now in MIT the crown prince visiting
both the question of well you did this
before
khashoggi was killed but this during the
ongoing us-backed saudi-led coalition
bombing of Yemen the United Nations is
saying it's the worst humanitarian
catastrophe in the world now yes exactly
so I think the Khashoggi murder is
horrific in your description of it sent
chills down my spine but in terms of our
evaluation of bin Salman it hasn't added
that much new information we knew that
he's been doing horrible things in Saudi
Arabia we knew that he's waging this
devastating war in Yemen that he's
suppressing opposition in other places
in Bahrain and so our work and other
activists started before the khashoggi
murder to point to the problematic ties
between elite universities like Harvard
and MIT and the Saudi government and
use that to actually point to a much
bigger web of unaccountable partnerships
between universities and corporations
and governments when these partnerships
are formed all we really get as members
of the public is a press release from
the universities saying here's a new
multi-million dollar partnership isn't
it wonderful but we don't get any of the
details or the terms and that opens up
the way for a government like the Saudi
government to use its ties with MIT or
Harvard to legitimize itself and to
paint an image of itself as a
progressive entity or democratic entity
where in reality it's not that at all I
wanted to go to MIT Media labs
connection with the bin Salman
foundation the Crown Princess Foundation
explain what the Media Lab is and then
talk about this connection yharnam right
so the MIT Media Lab is one of the most
famous laboratories at MIT it was
founded in the 80s and they work on a
whole range of technologies and various
projects they also work on matters
relating to more social issues in recent
years and they have a very unique
business model if you will which is that
they're funded by what are called member
companies so member companies are
organizations or corporations that pay a
minimum of two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a year to the MIT Media
Lab and in return they get access to the
lab to the students they get to recruit
MIT community members and they get
access to intellectual property produced
by the lab so one of these member
companies is an organization called misc
mi SK which has been salman's or
organization that's ostensibly about
empowering the youth so if you look on
their website they say that they're
about empowering the youth to transform
society through entrepreneurship through
participation on global on global
markets etc of course it's not really
about youth empowerment because if the
youth start talking about democracy or
if they
start talking about politics they might
end up in jail
however by affiliating with the MIT
Media Lab misc is essentially buying
that progressive image that MIT has
created so they'll have exchange
programs where MIT Media Lab researchers
go to Saudi Arabia and vice versa and
then the Saudi government will use that
to put out press releases where they
quote MIT researchers saying we are so
impressed with what misc bin Salman is
group were so impressed with what
they're doing and etcetera and so it
just becomes another vehicle for them to
promote their PR campaign
and to create the the false impression
that really MIT Media Lab and bin Salman
misk Foundation are on the same page
they're on the same ideological sort of
viewpoint his visit also coincided his
visit to Harvard and MIT the crown
prince's visit with the March for our
lives the student-led protests for
tighter gun control is that right and
talk about the connection between gun
control at home and the US selling of
weapons abroad of course president Trump
is saying whatever they find out he is
not going to cut us arm sales to Saudi
Arabia right so as I mentioned in the
first segment the universities were
keeping this visit very secret and so
it's not clear if it's a coincidence or
or if it was planned that way but bin
Salman to visit did coincide with a
Saturday I believe which was the day of
the of the March for our lives protests
so all the media attention was on that
and so people missed the fact that the
street where the Media Lab at MIT is
located was shut down and there was
militarized police presence there so
there was this big event happening it's
as if you know Obama came to campus and
people missed that because they were
focused on the March for our lives
and so it played into the secrecy
maneuver of these universities whether
by chance or or
by planning now I think that the the
irony here is that the March for our
lives is really a protest against
violence and here you have with bin
Salman a war criminal coming to MIT and
getting demos of war related
technologies like autonomous weapons
which are made by a company called
autonomous robots which are used for
military purposes made by a company
called Boston Dynamics which is an MIT
affiliate and so there's a real tension
here how can you as an institution like
MIT talk about ethics and making the
world a better place through technology
while you're demoing war technologies
and war machines to a war criminal and
have students professors staff reached
out to you yard MCATs and I'm going to
put this question to Stanley Heller as
well from around the country because
Harvard Yale MIT University of New Haven
though these are elite institutions they
are not the only ones that are linking
up with Saudi Arabia right so they're
absolutely not the only ones and I want
to emphasize that there are ties to UC
Berkeley there are ties between bin
Salman misk Foundation which I mentioned
and the Gates Foundation I mean it's a
whole web of of ties which is hasn't
been scrutinized in any detail
unfortunately what are the things that I
mentioned they're just a small fraction
of the ties that exist so yes we've been
contacted by faculty members who are
concerned about this by students by
activists from around the world who also
are protesting these ties some of them
can't speak about it because they're
scared for their personal safety because
they live in countries that have
repressive governments and so I want to
emphasize that while we were criticizing
these universities our criticism is
really directed at the administration
and at a subset of the faculty members
who are involved in making these
decisions and in forming these
partnerships these partnerships do not
reflect the views of the broader
academic community or the local
and I think that now we're seeing a kind
of small rebellion in these universities
Harvard and MIT for instance where
students are saying we've had enough of
this
we don't want ties to war criminals and
we also don't like these partnerships
which are secret and that are only
described through kind of vapid press
releases and we don't know what the
details are
Stanley Heller you're head of the Middle
East crisis committee also a member of
the coalition to end the us-saudi
alliance let me put that same question
to you or staff professors students
reaching out to you around the country
and even at University of New Haven and
Yale what has been the response on
campus to the work you're doing well I
would secondly the the notion that our
problem is certainly not with any of the
colleges but with the administration who
are looking at the money in the the
false glory of this and we've had some
people reaching out or we're happy to
say that the student newspaper at UNH
the charger bulletin has done some fine
reporting about this and has printed out
our material even though their
administration has never said a word to
us about any of our complaints about
King Fahd security College what are your
plans now
well again education and protest and and
coordination and particularly working on
the website of the Saudi us org we
understand Cathy Kelly and voices for
creative non-violence it's going to do a
demonstration in Washington DC on
election day action core New York City
is has done a lot of good protests I
think they did three or four protests
when Prince Salman was in New York City
earlier this year so there's a lot of
groups
not a lot but there are a good number of
groups doing a lot of good work the
Catholic Worker movement I should say
they've been having a vigil about Yemen
in New York for a long time so people
should try to you know come to our site
and we'll hook people up to various
activities are all around the country
Stanley Heller is you talk about
grassroots groups this has gone to very
much into the establishment of
mainstream particularly in Connecticut I
can't think of two more vocal senators
on this issue than Senator Chris Murphy
as well as Connecticut Senator Richard
Blumenthal Blumenthal senator Blumenthal
said all American businesses and
nonprofit organizations should review
and reevaluate their relationships with
Saudi Arabia in light of the murder
which seemingly could not have been done
without knowledge at the highest levels
of its government a very strong
statement well I want to thank both of
you for being with us and of course
we'll continue to follow this issue
Stanley Heller executive director of the
Middle East crisis committee also member
of the coalition to end the us-saudi
alliance and thank you very much to yard
MCATs department fellow in systems
biology at Harvard Medical School an
affiliate of the Berkman Kline Center
for Internet and Society at Harvard
University and yard and we'll link to
your article in The Guardian on Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman is visit to
Harvard and MIT that piece that's
headlined elite universities are selling
themselves and look who's buying this is
democracy now to see part one of our
discussion go to democracynow.org I'm
Amy Goodman thanks so much for joining
us
