you're on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
on Thursday the national memorial for
peace and justice opened in Montgomery
Alabama a monument to victims of white
supremacy in the United States the
memorial centerpiece is a walkway with
800 weathered steel pillars overhead
each of them naming a u.s. county and
the people who were lynched there by
white mobs this is a clip played during
one of the opening events for the museum
featuring the family members of lynching
victims
my great-grandfather Thomas William
miles senior was lynched this man was
taken and strangled to death they also
shot bullets in him they stabbed him
beat him tied him to the back of the
buggy and drug that around town his
lynching was advertised in the
Mississippi news they dismembered parts
of his body as souvenirs once a well we
go hanging and so he made up the
movement and he put it around my neck
[Music]
there was no accountability families
torn apart communities torn apart lots
of businesses loss of history as a black
person you don't expect justice in
addition to the memorial dedicated to
the Vincennes of lynching its partner
site the legacy museum from enslavement
to mass incarceration also opened
Thursday Museum is located on the site
of a former warehouse where enslaved
black people were imprisoned its midway
between a historic slave market and the
dock and train station where tens of
thousands of enslaved people were
trafficked during the height of the
domestic slave trade the museum and
national memorial for peace and justice
are the culmination of years of
exhaustive research and interviews of
local historians and descendants of
lynching victims conducted by the equal
justice initiative
led by its director Bryan Stevenson in
2017 the equal justice initiative issued
the third edition of its lynching in
America report which found that white
Southerners lynched nearly 44 hundred
black men women and children between
1877 and 1950 nearly 800 of those
lynchings were previously unaccounted
for the report details a 1916 attack in
which a mob lynched Jeff Brown for
accidentally bumping into a white girl
as he ran to catch a train in 1940 a
crowd lynched Jesse Thornton for not
addressing a white police officer as
mister in many cases lynchings were
attended by the entire white communities
in an area for more we go to Alabama
where we're joined by Bryan Stevenson an
attorney who's worked on death penalty
cases in the deep south since 1985 the
founder executive director of equal
justice initiative Bryan welcome back to
Democracy Now congratulations on this
epic achievement the museum and the
monument talk about the years that have
gone into developing this and why you
push so hard for this in Montgomery
Alabama well thank you Amy it's great to
be with you I'm a product of Brown
versus Board of Education I grew up in a
community where black children couldn't
go to the public schools there were
actually no high schools for black kids
when my dad was a teenager and so when
lawyers came into our community and made
them open up the public schools it
planted a seed in my mind that the law
can be a powerful tool for protecting
disfavored people marginalized
communities and I've I've kind of lived
by that I went to law school I've been
practicing law for over 30 years and I'm
still persuaded that the rule of law is
critical to our capacity to create
justice for those who are disempowered
but I've come to understand recently
that even the law will be sufficient if
we don't change the narrative if we
don't create a deeper commitment to
equality and I think even our courts
have been compromised by this narrative
of racial difference that we have in
America this history of racial
inequality that has made us tolerant of
bigotry and discrimination so about ten
years ago we began work
on a project to change the narrative we
started doing this research on slavery
on lynching on segregation we put out
these reports we started putting up
public markers because this region is a
region where the landscape is littered
with the iconography of the Confederacy
people often say to me why do you want
to dig up the past why do you want to
start talking about the past we are
preoccupied with the past in the
American South last Monday
what's Confederate Memorial Day it's a
state holiday we have a state holiday of
Jefferson Davis's birthday we don't have
Martin Luther King Day in Alabama we
have Martin Luther King / Robert Ely day
and this preoccupation with mid 19th
century history is one of the
characteristics that oppresses and and
burdened people of color we talked about
the mid 19th century but we never talked
about slavery so for me talking about
slavery talking about lynching talking
about segregation talking about our
history of racial inequality is critical
to creating a consciousness that will
allow us to move forward toward a just
toward justice and equality and I don't
think we've done a very good job of that
in our country Bryan I want to go to a
clip from a short documentary that the
equal justice initiative produced last
year highlighting the story of one
family whose ancestor was lynched my
great-great-grandfather Anthony Crawford
had an altercation at a store with a
white storekeeper about the price of his
cotton see grandpa refused to do
business with him and was arrested then
was lynched in a spectacled ritualistic
killing at the town square in every
Vilsack era Linna 100 years ago
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of people don't talk about the
lynchings in their family and some of us
do for those of us who do we represent a
whole slew of people who are so
traumatized that they can't speak that
their relative did not pass on this
history to them so the prophets have
always felt I think an obligation to
speak up for grandfather Crawford we
were all socialized there way did you
add 15 minutes that's Brian
Stephenson the documentary about this
project that memorializes the victims of
white supremacy of slavery a slate of
lynching Brian you've said that slavery
didn't really end in 1865 you've talked
about it just evolving from slavery to
lynching to mass incarceration can you
lay out that trajectory sure I do think
that the the great evil of American
slavery was this narrative of racial
difference I mean we have to understand
that our nation has a very unhealthy
narrative of racial difference that
began at the very first moment when
Europeans came to this continent I mean
there were millions of native people
here we are a post genocide society
because what I think we did to Native
people was genocide we killed them by
the millions we slaughtered them through
famine and war and disease we didn't own
up to that because we said those native
people are different racially and that
narrative of racial difference is part
of the reason why slavery flourished for
so long I really do believe the great
evil of American slavery was this
ideology of white supremacy this myth we
made up that black people aren't the
same they're not as evolved they're not
fully human and they're three-fifths
human and that consciousness that
bigotry that ideology was for me the
true evil of American slavery and in
1865 when the Civil War was over and we
passed the Thirteenth Amendment we
committed to ending involuntary
servitude and forced labor but we didn't
say anything about this narrative of
racial difference this ideology
of white supremacy and because of that I
don't think slavery ended in 1865 I
think it just evolved it turned into
decades of terrorism and what happened
to African Americans between
Reconstruction World War two was racial
terror black people were being pulled
out of their homes they were drowned
they were beaten they were hanged
they were brutalized sometimes on the
courthouse lawn in front of thousands of
white people who cheered and celebrated
this ritualistic violence and it had a
powerful impact on communities of color
in fact sometimes older people of color
come up to me and they say mr. Stevenson
I get angry when I hear somebody on TV
talking about how we're dealing with
domestic terrorism for the first time in
our nation's history after 9/11 they
said we grew up with terror with we're
about being bombed and lynched and
menaced every day of our lives and six
million people fled black people fled
the American South during the 20th
century and the black people in
Cleveland and Chicago and Detroit in Los
Angeles and Oakland didn't go to those
communities as immigrants they went to
those communities as refugees and
exhales from terror and we haven't
talked about this history this legacy so
in our memorial in Montgomery that
opened last week when you walk into the
space the first sculpture you see is a
slavery sculpture it's people in Chains
it was made by West African artist Kwame
okoto BAMF oh he calls it on Chinchin
which is an African word for resistance
and resiliency in the face of oppression
but it's important for people to
understand that without slavery without
the legacy of slavery without this
ideology of white supremacy black women
and men would not have been lynched for
bumping into a white person for walking
behind a white a woman for knocking on
the front door for all of these social
transgressions it would not have
happened and I also think that this era
is important for understanding how we
got to where we are now when you come
out of our memorial that honors these
4,000 victims of racial terror lynchings
we have another sculpture I created by
Dana King it's called guided by justice
it's three women walking during the
Montgomery bus boycott and one of the
points we're trying to make is the
we have not fully appreciated the
courage of people like Claudette Colvin
Mary Louise Smith Rosa Parks in
resisting segregation they could have
lost their lives and that courage has to
be understood and then of course the
fourth sculpture is by Hank Willis
Thomas and it's a collection of men with
their arms raised up which speaks to
this present moment with this ideology
of white supremacy this narrative of
racial difference persists and today we
still live in a country where black and
brown people are frequently presumed
dangerous and guilty just because of
their color and whether they're sitting
in a Starbucks or there in a courtroom
or they're confronting a police officer
that burden is still exist and we're not
going to lift that burden until we tell
this history this story and motivate
people to deal with this issue much more
directly Bryan Stevenson we're gonna
have our second break the common the rap
that he did on Friday night at the
concert equal justice Institute
initiatives concert for peace and
justice in Montgomery Alabama this is
democracy now I'm Amy Goodman as we
continue with rapper activist dr. Kammen
who performed that night between songs
he addressed the audience a lot of
people from Chicago my family migrated
my family migrated from the deep south
several generations ago and yes they
were seeking jobs in education but they
also were fleeing racial terror they
were fleeing terrorists in the south
racial terrorists now some of my
ancestors migrated in some state but
we've all learned that these decades
later there's really no running from our
collective history this history is on
American history and it's time for us to
acknowledge it no matter what color you
are black white Latino Asian Native
American aside for us to acknowledge it
and we'd like to live in a a reality
where our country is growing and it's
grown where freedom and dignity on fact
and alienable rights
and this can can't happen without a real
reckoning of our history that means it's
time for the government it's time for
everybody working as politicians to
acknowledge this history it's some pain
and healing that needs to happen and we
have to know that this history and we
talk about this history we will heal
that's common speaking on Friday night
at the opening of the monument and the
museum to the victims of slavery white
supremacy lynching I want to turn to
filmmaker Ava Duvernay who was also
there at the opening of the legacy
museum three dedicated artists reveal a
singularly important thing that racism
was and is not only a public mark of
ignorance it was and is a monumental
fraud racism was never the issue profit
and money always was the threat was
always jobs land or money when you
really want to take away to a press to
prevent you have to have a reason for
despising your victim racism was always
a con game that sucked all the strength
from the victim it's the red flag that's
danced before the head of a bull its
purpose is only to distract to keep the
Bulls mind away from his power and its
energy to keep it focused on anything
but its own business its hope for
consequence is to define black people as
a reaction to white presence as opposed
to being in harmony with it
that's ava duvernay speaking at the
opening of the legacy museum Bryan
Stevenson you have done something quite
remarkable as the discussion around the
country and I want to get your comment
on this the taking down of monuments to
racism Confederate generals and others
you have erected new
Youmans here you have erected the
national memorial for peace and justice
in the Legacy Museum talk about that
well I think that we just haven't done a
very good job of creating a
consciousness about this history you
know when I go to South Africa when I go
to the apartheid museum I see a place
that is a very powerful institution
designed to make sure no one ever
forgets the hardship of apartheid the
suffering of black Africans by that
white minority is documented and
detailed they make it impossible for
people to forget or to distort that
history in Rwanda the genocide museum
there is a powerful cultural institution
they actually have human skulls in that
space that's how desperately the
survivors and victims of that horror
want to express their grief when I go to
Berlin Germany I see markers and stones
every hundred meters outside the homes
of Jewish families Roma families that
were abducted during the Holocaust
Germans want you to go to the Holocaust
Memorial and they want to change the
narrative they don't want to be thought
of as Nazis and fascists for the rest of
their lives but in this country we don't
talk about slavery we don't talk about
lynching we don't talk about the horrors
of this history of racial inequality
many of the people who were with us last
week came up to me and said you know I
just realized I've never seen a
sculpture about slavery before in my
life it never really been in a place
where they were confronted with the
legacy of lynching in a way that was
tangible invisible and I think that
implicates our ability to move forward
to create real equality and so yes it is
important that we create a new landscape
that we erect symbols and statues and
monuments and markers that push our
nation in a different direction rather
than protecting these false narratives
that I think we have built to reinforce
that same ideology of white supremacy
and I think our artists our sculptors
our writers are musicians have a
critical role to play and what I see is
essentially narrative work I don't think
we've ever felt the kind of
shame we should feel about what we did
to Native Americans about what we did
during slavery about what we did during
lynching what we did during segregation
and I don't think of Shane as a as a bad
thing for us to experience when you do
something shameful there has to be some
moment of remorse and regret and
repentance and truth-telling that's what
leads to redemption and recovery and
repair and restoration I represent
people who do bad things none of them
expects to be paroled if they're not
willing to admit the wrongfulness of
their crime and a lot of times when
people hear me talking about this I
think they get a little edgy because
we've become such a punitive society Amy
I think you know we have the highest
rate of incarceration in the world we're
so punitive in America that were
unwilling sometimes to admit our
mistakes to acknowledge our wrongdoings
because we fear punishment and for me
what's been important about this project
is to make clear to people I'm not
interested in talking about our history
because I want to punish America I think
talking about our history is the way we
liberate America the way we move to a
different place we get to someplace
where we acknowledge the pain of this
path so we can recover I do believe that
our country needs truth and repair Truth
and Reconciliation but I believe those
things are sequential you can't get the
repair you can't get the reconciliation
until you first tell the truth Brian I
wanted to ask you about what happened at
the Montgomery advertiser as your
monument and museum was going up last
week the editorial board of the local
paper the Montgomery advertiser
published a public apology for its
previous coverage of lynching on the
same day as the monument and Museum
opened in the editorial the board wrote
quote we take responsibility for a
proliferation of a false narrative
regarding the treatment of African
Americans in those disgraceful days
we've propagated a worldview rooted in
racism and the sickening myth of racial
superiority
we must never be as wrong as this again
unquote the Montgomery advertiser was
among many white owned newspapers across
the United States that failed to
investigate and at times even celebrated
the white mob violence that killed
thousands of African Americans
throughout US history instead it was
black journalist most notably i2b Welles
who exposed the horrors of lynching to
the world
paid a heavy price for that as we wrap
up in this last 30 seconds Bryan
Stevenson can you talk about the
significance of your paper doing this
well I'm very encouraged by that I mean
that's precisely the kind of reaction I
hope we see across this country white
media white journalists white newspapers
were complicit they were a ders and
abetters and much of this violence they
sometimes advertise where these
lynchings would take place and so to
acknowledge that to repent for that to
commit to not do that again is the very
heart what I think our nation needs to
do in response to this legacy in this
history so I'm encouraged by that I hope
other newspapers across the region do
the same thing well we're gonna do part
two of this conversation and post it as
a web exclusive at democracynow.org our
guests Bryan Stevenson founder and
executive director of the equal justice
initiative the nonprofit behind the
national memorial for peace and justice
the country's first ever memorial to the
victims of lynching in the United States
Bryan is the author of just mercy a
