this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman for the first time in
the history of the Roman Catholic Church
the Pope has addressed a letter to the
entire population of 1.2 billion
Catholics on the topic of sex abuse by
the clergy in the scathing 2000 word
letter Pope Francis wrote quote with
shame and repentance we acknowledged as
an ecclesial community that we are not
where we should have been that we did
not act in a timely manner realizing the
magnitude and the gravity of the damage
done to so many lives we showed no care
for the little ones we abandoned them he
said Pope Francis went on to write
looking ahead to the future no effort
must be spared to create a culture able
to prevent such situations from
happening but also to prevent the
possibility of their being covered up
and perpetuated unquote pressure has
been growing on the Pope to make a
statement after sex abuse scandals
continue to mount across the globe last
week a grand jury report in Pennsylvania
revealed more than 300 priests in
Pennsylvania had abused at least a
thousand children over the past seven
decades and perhaps thousands more even
as officials engaged in a systematic
cover-up Pennsylvania Attorney General
Josh appear o described the grand jury
reports findings all of the victims were
brushed aside in every part of the state
by church leaders who preferred to
protect the abusers and their
institutions above all priests were
raped raping little boys and girls and
the men of God who were responsible for
them not only did nothing they hid it
all for decades Monsignors auxiliary
bishops bishops Archbishop's Cardinals
have mostly been protected many
including some named in this report have
been promoted father slur
identified in the report is now bishops
alert
bishop world is now cardinal world
father zubik is now Bishop zubik
predator priests were allowed to remain
in ministry for 10 20 even 40 years
after church leaders learned of their
crimes in those years their lists of
victims got longer and longer in
response to the pennsylvania grand jury
report more than a thousand catholic
theologians educators and lay leaders
have signed a letter calling for all US
bishops to submit their resignations to
the pope earlier this month
former Australian Archbishop Philip
Edward Wilson was sentenced to 12 months
of house arrest he's the most senior
Catholic official in the world to be
found guilty of concealing the sexual
abuse of children in late July the
former Archbishop of Washington DC
Cardinal Theodore McCarrick became the
highest-ranking Catholic leader in the
United States to resign after he was
accused of abusing a number of boys as
young as 11 years old as well as
seminarians meanwhile authorities in
Chile raided the headquarters of the
Catholic Church's Episcopal conference
last week as part of a widespread
investigation into sex abuse later this
week Pope Francis will travel to Ireland
another country rocked by the sexual
abuse scandal inside the church well for
more we go to Washington DC where we're
joined by sister Simone Campbell
executive director of Network an
advocacy group for Catholic social
justice which organizes nuns on the bus
campaign she's the author of a nun on
the bus how all of us can create hope
change and community sister Simone
welcome back to Democracy Now can you
start off by responding to what the Pope
has just said well I think it's a
significant step forward a me that he
has publicly acknowledged to the entire
world that this is not an isolated
one-off event but is really anchored in
a culture of clericalism that protects
the institution without looking at the
suffering of our people his challenge
now
however is to go beyond the words and to
actually take action to break open this
culture of clericalism and domination
from the top and to really find
effective ways to change the path
forward that's the biggest challenge so
did you have this letter that
essentially has gone viral
when we last looked it was a hundred
forty people signed on now it's over a
thousand theologians the Catholic
laypeople academics calling for all US
bishops to resign do you agree with this
sister Simone well I think it is that
groundswell of we cannot just continue
business as usual and in Chile that is
exactly what the bishops in Chile were
enforced actually by the Pope to do was
to submit their resignations he only
chose to accept three but yet I think it
is a an effective way to begin to change
the leadership but I want to make
abundantly clear that the leadership is
key for this change but so is the
education of our clergy as well as the
inclusion of lady and especially women
in key decision-making roles I practice
family law for 17 years and I know that
when allegations of abuse it's critical
critical to have a comprehensive view by
eliminating women by eliminating wait
lay men in the decision-making process
they focused on the wrong piece they
focused on the institution not on the
children who are suffering so we need a
huge change in the church I wanted to go
to a letter published Friday on the
website daily theology calling on all US
Catholic Bishops to resign over the
scandal following the Pennsylvania grand
jury report which revealed more than 300
Catholic priests to sexually abused a
thousand children possibly thousands
more the as I was saying the letter
signed by more than a thousand
theologians educators lay leaders asking
the bishops resigned collectively as a
public act of repent
and lamentation the letter states quote
the catastrophic scale and historical
magnitude of the abuse makes clear that
this is not a case of a few bad apples
but rather a radical systemic injustice
manifested at every level of the church
systemic sin cannot be ended through
individual goodwill its wounds are not
healed through statements internal
investigations or public relations
campaigns but rather through collective
accountability transparency and
truth-telling we're responsible for the
house we live in even if we did not
build it ourselves they wrote so
following on this when you look at for
example what nuns were faced with nuns
on the bus people you represent sister
Simone when you were investigated it
looks like you were investigated more
than any of these priests who preyed on
children and adults and the nyrians as
well right I think that's accurate and I
think one of the dynamics the
psychological dynamics in the
investigation of Catholic sisters was
that just that the attempt to deflect
and we know a psychological trait on the
part of all human beings including
clergy and bishops is when attacked
let's deflect it and we certainly see
that in politics right now in our nation
but the the result of leadership
focusing on Catholic sisters who at
times had been victims of abuse by
priests themselves that we've got we got
it all wrong we got it turned around and
finally what I think Pope Francis at
least talks about is changing that
dynamic and what this letter from the
lay members of our nation is saying it's
time to do more but I'll tell you it's
going to take time to change the culture
change the orientation I mean our church
is old it's like 2,000 years old and it
spent a long time building this as the
letter said so we've got to begin the
dismantling now and its inclusion it's
all of us together we're one community
were not the leader separated from the
followers as
many have thought we've got to come
together and say together we can move
forward and Pope Francis actually calls
us to that but it I think the leadership
has some serious change and needs
serious change in direction if we're
going to be effective in changing how we
face the future and stop this abuse you
went to the Vatican last year you
blasted male power talk about that trip
and talk about the male power the
hierarchy of the Catholic Church and
what you think needs to change now well
I have to confess I did I sort of
thought the Swiss Guard might stop me at
the gate and who wouldn't let me in but
they did and I was able in that setting
to speak of the limitation in our church
by ignoring women's leadership I mean we
have all this pious talk about how men
and women are created and
complementarity and all that but then we
would leave women out entirely the the
fact is to be a worshiping community we
need the whole community involved in
prayer and leadership and that was the
point I was trying to make and that the
culture of monarchy which is what is
dominated the Vatican story the culture
of monarchy is what built this entire
abuse scandal in the cover-up I mean if
we had dealt with it in the beginning we
would have we would have changed how we
behave now it is the horrible painful
monument to the to a bad system that
needs to be changed and men need to wake
the men of our church need to wake up to
that and not only tolerate us but invite
us in for further conversation so you
have the Catholic Church the hierarchy
going after you bishops investigating
you and the nuns on the bus around
issues of not speaking out well you can
tell us about gay marriage about
abortion explain what happened right
well they named us our little
organization of network as being a bad
influence on Catholics this
in the United States because we worked
too much on the issues of poverty
well senses are and not a not on gay
marriage and abortion since our mission
is to work on the issues of economic
justice I really thought it was a badge
of honor that they noticed but the
second part that they missed is a set of
this litmus test for sexual orientation
as being the test of how faithful you
are which actually is a sign of the
Nugget of the problem here is that when
you push away or don't want to look at
the abuse issue then sex begins to
obsess their perspective and they become
the righteous judges and this is wrong
this is wrong and so our effort at
network is to stay faithful to our
mission to work on income and wealth
disparity we have a new trip coming up
about the income and wealth gap we're
gonna go after the tax policy that was
passed by the Republicans in December
and say this is wrong for our nation
because we the people need to be one
people it's the same message as the Pope
is saying we need to come together and
work for the common good of each other
this is what our bishops have to do and
this is what our government has to do
hmm do you think women should be priests
well quite frankly I think women serve
many priestly functions and that should
be acknowledged when I was the head of
my religious community I led my sisters
in prayer I forgave sin I blessed the
the dine so I know I served many
priestly functions that need to be seen
and a formal acceptance so it would be
about time but women step into those
priestly roles many of the parishes in
our nation are served by are led by
women and it's about time we our
leadership woke up to that fact and do
you think priests should be able to
marry yes I mean the fact is it wasn't
until the 1200s that the order of
celibacy became required and you know
why that happened it was because
inheritance was too complicated if
bishops had a wife and they had a
cathedral with the wife and the bishop
died would the wife inherit the
cathedral so the her answer
Weston mandate celibacy doesn't seem a
good reason to me it's about time we
woke up to the 21st century and gay
marriage and abortion Oh glory I am so
tired of being obsessed with other
people's sexual expressions or moral
choices it's way more complicated than a
simple yes/no and it's about time that
we the people the community that Pope
Francis calls us to be have that
conversation about complexity about how
each person is made and the complexities
in deciding tough questions I'm not
going to be the one to judge differently
when I say our church shouldn't be out
there judging differently in that same
fashion let's have the conversation well
clearly the church is in a global crisis
I want to turn to Juan Carlos Cruz who
was sexually abused by a priest in Chile
when he was a minor he met with Pope
Francis at the Vatican earlier this year
he spoke to CNN on Monday
about the Pope's letter there's new
language now from the Vatican which is
important to to consider they talk about
crimes they talk about a culture of
death they talk about a culture of abuse
and coverup
those things were not talked about
before before they they were omissions
sins which is terrible to consider those
things in Pope Francis's letter earlier
in the month he talked he talked about
going to local justice you know how
bishops don't turn the perpetrators to
local justice because they're not
obligated to do so and that is a
horrible crime and as you see those
numbers are absolutely staggering
according to Reuters chilean law
enforcement is investigating 38
accusations of sexual abuse against 73
bishops clerics and lay workers
involving a hundred four victims in
Chile last week authorities in Chile
raided the headquarters of the Catholic
Church's Episcopal conference at least
five chilean bishops have resigned so
far this year meanwhile Pope Francis is
headed to Ireland at the end of the week
for the first visit to the country by a
pope
nearly 40 years the credibility of the
Catholic Church in Ireland badly damaged
by years of revelations of priests raped
and molested children and that senior
members of the church covered up the
crimes many believe whatever message the
Pope delivers will be too little too
late this is clerical abuse survivor
home o Gorman the fact that the Vatican
hasn't even indicated that it is any
intention to address the issue when it's
here the fact that our special Jared
Martin you know week and a half ago said
he was trying to impress upon them the
need to do so makes it clear that the
Vatican has no real interest in
acknowledging the truth of what's
happened here
my own view would be this papal visit is
very late indeed if the Vatican was
approaching this issue with integrity a
pope would have come here and not just
kiss the ground when he landed but
gotten on his knees and acknowledged the
truth of what's happened in this country
in the Vatican's role in a 15 years ago
when people needed that to happen
this is late and for any acknowledgment
of the abuse issue to be a mere
afterthought I think is is reprehensible
the recent vote legalizing abortion in
Ireland of course the major effort of
women has to be first credited but the
demise of the Catholic Church in Ireland
which has so opposed it but now wracked
by the scandal really helped to pave the
way for that kind of vote would you say
sister Simone Campbell yes I would Amy
and I think here's what's really at the
heart of this is is the complex Roman
bureaucracy really committed to this
letter or is it only one office who's
engaging this because the Vatican is a
very complex system and what to the last
speaker just pointed out is that this
should be at the heart of all of our
work and that I think is the challenge
here and the other piece is that it's
not just the the perpetrator and the
abused that are suffering in this system
the the whole church all of the people
are suffering
the priests who have been faithful and
have not abused I have so many friends
priests friends who are afraid to touch
anyone nowadays because they've been
told by lawyers you could get in trouble
and that whole element of fear sorrow
division this is what needs to be
addressed systemically by the whole
Vatican not just one office so I hope
when the Pope goes to Ireland that that
gets integrated into the reality that
he's witnessing now it's going to be an
international meeting that he's going to
but having just issued this letter an
international letter it's a perfect
opportunity to continue that
conversation and to really engage in
change
finally finally sister Simone nuns on
the bus are headed to Mara Lago yes this
is our new we're going out on tax policy
as I said but the nuns on the bus on the
road tomorrow Lago because what we want
to do is collect the stories of ordinary
people who are so victimized by this tax
policy and take it to the icon of the of
who benefits from this tax policy and
say hey this is not who we are as a
nation let's come together and work for
the common good I want to thank you very
much for being with us sister Simone
Campbell executive director of Network
an advocacy group for Catholic social
justice author of a nun on the bus how
all of us can create hope change and
community when we come back today is the
first day of a nationwide prison strike
in the United States we'll speak with
some of the organizers stay with us
you
