[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
as we continue with part two of our
discussion with car guy aloud he is the
executive director of the human rights
group B'Tselem he testified Thursday in
front of the United Nations Security
Council about the crisis in Gaza and the
West Bank he had testified there before
but this was the first official briefing
he has done talk about the significance
of this moment and talk more about what
you had to say and what you are trying
to convey to the world so it was key for
us is really trying to spell out the
daily reality for a Palestinian living
under occupation in the moments that
don't necessarily make the news when
soldiers enter Palestine home in the
dead of night and people abroad might
assume that they have a search warrant
or probable cause or something like that
but no military law gives almost any
soldier the authority to enter any
Palestinian home anytime and the army
does and a million other ways in which
Palestinians day in and day out have
absolutely no control over their lives
have no representation in the Israeli
institutions that determine everything
in the life of a Palestinian and to try
and explain that to give flesh and blood
to the meaning of living under that
regime not for a month not for a year
not for a decade an entire people for
more than half a century in that reality
and there you're talking about the West
Bank and Gaza people are being killed
regularly there's the great march of
return protests that began on March 30th
and your official figures for how many
people the Israeli military has killed
since then it's more than 170 fatalities
more than 30 of them were miners under
18 three of them were actually children
there were 11 years old these are the
youngest ones that were killed since
March 30 in more than 5,300
they were injured from live gunfire but
it's so important for me to emphasize
that Gaza is also another example of
Israeli control Israel controls
everything
between the river and the sea in Gaza
the control is external we decide what
and who gets in and out of the Gaza
Strip except of the Rafah Cossack with
Egypt that is closed most of the time we
control the population registry in Gaza
if you're Palestinian Gaza need medical
care not to Sara Lee even in Israel you
need medical care in the West Bank or in
Jordan that you know you need an Israeli
permit for that we control everything in
different ways directly or indirectly so
you have the 170 Palestinians at least
killed 5000 shot by Israeli military
snipers and the number that is used so
often 18,000 goes beyond the shootings
is that right people injured by you tear
gas and other forms of ammunition and so
on those are figures are less precise
and we don't have accurate figures for
them I wanted to ask you about Israel's
plans to demolish the Palestinian
Bedouin village of Hana Lama on Monday
Israeli forces arrested for villagers
injured seven people as they protested
the arrival of the demolition teams this
is veteran villager ahmad abu de heuk
speaking last month we asked all the
free people in the arab nation to react
it is a war crime the Israeli
authorities want to demolish and
evacuate us are they gonna send us to a
better place you're speaking from hon
amar what this place is and what's
happening so this is just a few miles
east of Jerusalem in a part of the West
Bank known as area C that's about 60% of
the West Bank and that's in an area that
has been a high up on the Israeli list
of priorities for a while to minimize
placing the footprint there to displace
the many Palestinians out of that area
and to expand the settlements in there
and it exposes in great detail the usual
hypocrisy in its planning policies used
against Palestinians living in the West
Bank it was a letter by the Israeli
ambassador actually to the Security
Council just a day before my briefing
trying to articulate the Israeli
argument somehow as if what is about to
happen
is legal why is it legal because the
Palestinians have been building
illegally why is it legal because this
was backed by the Israeli how could of
Justice why is this is legal because
Israel was kind enough to offer
relocation sites to the community and
out of this are just lies on top of
distortions on top of lies
why are Palestinians building illegally
because Israel created a planning regime
that is meant to serve settlers and to
dispossessed Palestinians if you're a
Palestinian in Area C in the West Bank
your chances of getting a building
permit from his earliest southeast are 1
1 in 100 right so Palestinians have no
other choice
and that's why they build without
permission from Israeli authorities and
the Israeli High Court when it makes a
ruling that says that the militia orders
are legal while completely ignoring the
context that palestine's cannot build
bigoli in any way doesn't make that
ruling just or sensible or even formally
legal it only makes the judges of the
Israeli High Court complicit in what if
this is the attack will take place will
be the war crime of forcible transfer of
protected people in occupied territory
cannon LACMA is the most visible example
of this phenomena these days the
community of some 200 people in that
location with the school that serves
other communities in the area but this
is happening not only now and not only
in Hanna Lana this is part of a broader
Israeli policy to take over as much
pristine land minimize Palestine
footprint concentrate as many persons as
possible in the parts of the West Bank
known as area a in area B and then say
that those areas like area a hey don't
worry about that
that's what Palestinians are running
their own lives when in fact what we're
talking about our isolated Bantu stands
that are getting more and more closed by
further and further Israeli settlements
in the rest of the West Bank and in the
end what you have is a specter in which
Palestine life and Palestinian territory
and the Palestinian people and spirit
are completely broken up into small
digestible
ezal more easily controllable areas Gaza
separated from the West Bank East
Jerusalem walled off
the rest of the West Bank the West Bank
itself chopped into these different
segments you referenced a party in your
speech to the UN Security Council you
said take a look at the discriminatory
planning mechanisms and the separate
legal systems and the occupied
territories they are reminiscent of
South Africa's grand apartheid yeah we
try to make a nuanced point there
because often if you make that point it
as well say how dare you compare these
two realities we don't have laws that
say that you know Palestinians and
Israelis cannot sit in the same benches
for instance and indeed we don't but
that's why the distinction was made
between petty apartheid and grand
apartheid not those aspects of apartheid
the benches the separate beaches and so
on and so forth and I'm not talking here
about restrictions on movement but to
focus on the issue of the policies the
legal systems and of course voting
rights you also wrote in Haaretz what
are the Palestinians supposed to do if
they dare demonstrate its popular terror
if they call for sanctions its economic
terror if they pursue legal means its
judicial terror if they turn to the
United Nations its diplomatic terror it
turns out anything a Palestinian does
besides getting up in the morning and
saying thank you right thank you master
its terror yeah the this has become so
routine in Israel this has become so
normalized after 50 years that people
have a difficulty even in accepting that
basic right that people live under
oppression have the right to reject that
reality and any Avenue that Palestinians
try is met with one firm or another of
condemnation but for Israel this is part
of a broader agenda the agenda is not
only to overcome Palestinian opposition
to their oppression but also to silence
Israelis and to silence the
international community so it goes
further right you know if an Israeli is
against occupation she or he must be
traitors if an international is speaking
or acting against occupation they must
be anti-semites
right and I'm saying that with a lot of
cynicism but I but this is no laughing
matter this is actually quite an
effective silencing mechanism that
Israel is deploying continuously all
over the world you know this week the
Pope sainted Archbishop card Archbishop
Romero Oscar Romero of El Salvador who
is assassinated in 1980 the last speech
he gave before he was gunned down was
heard throughout El Salvador on the
radio and he ordered the soldiers he
beseeched them he pled with them to put
down their arms to defy orders he said
stop the repression in April your group
B'Tselem called on Israeli soldiers to
refuse orders to shoot unarmed
protesters did they heed no and we
punished adds this is actually also like
a legal responsibility of more
responsibility not only I think from
like any decent person but also
according to like you know Israelis own
laws if a soldier receives a flagrantly
illegal command is duty-bound not to
follow that command it commands that
orders soldiers to fire unarmed
protesters that are not endangering
anyone from a distance
these are flagrantly illegal commands
they should not have been given and the
responsibility for that is with the
country's leadership with the Prime
Minister Defence Minister chief of staff
and that's where the responsibility
begins that's over the brunt of the
responsibility is but if such orders are
given soldiers are duty-bound not to
follow such orders I wanted to turn to
an emergency room doctor who we
interviewed he's a Canadian doctor and
he went to Gaza to help Palestinians the
Palestinian Canadian doctor Terra Klugh
Bani who was shot by Israeli forces in
both legs while he was helping treat
Palestinians injured by Israeli forces
during the nonviolent great march of
return it was May 14th it was a Monday I
asked dr. Lu Boni
this is right after he was shot if he
felt he was targeted as a doctor
I don't know the answer to that I don't
know what's what orders they received or
what was in their heads so I can't tell
you if we were deliberately targeted
what I can tell you is the things that I
do know in the six weeks of the March
there were no paramedic casualties and
in one day 19 paramedics 18 wounded plus
one killed and myself were all injured
so or were all shot with live ammunition
we were all Moussa was actually in a
rescue at the time but everybody else
I've talked to was like me we were away
during a lull without smoke without any
chaos at all and we were targeted and we
were rather hit by live ammunition most
of us in the lower limbs so that was dr.
Turek Lu bonny the Canadian Palestinian
doctor we spoke to him just after he was
shot the man he was talking about
paramedic Moussa Abu Hassan Ian was shot
and killed by Israeli forces he was shot
in the chest dr. Lu bonny tweeted a
photo captioned a haunting photo Friday
May 11th left Mohamed MCDOT shot in the
right ankle Hassan Abu Salah Terra Klugh
bonny shot in left leg and right knee
you mean seal me Yusuf Imam Luc Moussa
Abu Hassan shot in the thorax and killed
volunteer unknown photographer shot and
wounded he said this was a photo they
had just taken so they could have for
their scrapbooks talk about this okay
there's a lot of information also but
addition incidents and I invite viewers
to go to the battalion website and read
more data and analysis and on this
reality what I would want to add is that
one can be rest assured that in all
likelihood no one is going to be held
accountable to any of these killings
Israel has a well lubricate well here's
one has a WA new brocaded whitewashing
mechanism that doesn't really
investigate it performs what looks like
investigation you know to push against
international legal authority sometimes
it will take a very long time until they
will close
the case sometimes a shorter time but
based on our data analysis more than a
decade of working on such issues both in
the West Bank and in Gaza more than 97%
of the time no one will be held
accountable let me ask you about the
criticism that you've faced in Israel
two years ago our guest a guy Awad spoke
first before the United Nations Security
Council the Israeli government
threatened to revoke his citizenship he
was then barred from speaking at Israeli
schools then this is Israeli ambassador
to the United Nations Danny Danon
speaking yesterday Malad at iraq medina
sterlet you are a citizen of the state
of israel serves our enemies they are
using you against us IDF soldiers
protect you and you come here and smear
them shame on you shame on you you
collaborator shame on you you
collaborated the Israeli ambassador to
the UN said a guy allowed your response
he said it in Hebrew no one could
understand that in real time at the
Security Council chamber and of course
he knew that he was talking to an
Israeli audience back home when he was
saying that 20 seconds before that he
was speaking in English and from the
same very seat celebrating his very
democracy because hey we have young
rights organizations such as B'Tselem
did get to present before the Security
Council it's a perfect example of his
very hypocrisy at its worst in the sense
that democracy is reduced to a product
for expert that's what we celebrate
abroad the only democracy in the Middle
East but at home going after the
traitors trying to silence the
opposition of the occupation both things
at the same time by this point and we're
do used to even to having both of these
voices but usually you'll be the Prime
Minister and then someone else speaking
five days later
somewhere else right but they have the
same person within less than a minute do
democracy in English collaborator in
Hebrew absolutely amazing but to have
like a deep understanding of how cynical
that is that's all you need to
look at what about the Trump
administration has it changed what's
happening on the ground in Israel and
the occupied territories what about the
Trump administration's relationship
president Trump Jared Kushner's
relationship with Prime Minister
Netanyahu Prime Minister Netanyahu is
inner circle as increasingly being
arrested the latest charges brought
against his own wife moving in on
Benjamin Netanyahu himself and we see
this you know something similar
happening in the United States with an
investigation of President Trump but
what's happening I don't want to over
credit Trump Netanyahu they haven't
begun this they've both inherited this
reality that has begun many years before
that in Israel by governments left right
and center they were part of the
occupation project I don't want to shy
away from that history in that context
at the same time of course Trump is
making everything much worse in the
sense in Israel of like this government
that not only they have a green light
from the White House to basically get
away with almost anything they want to
do but in fact that what they have here
is you know from their perspective a
concern a limited time window of
opportunity in which to advance Israel's
occupation project with no fear of
consequences from the US with no fear of
anything happening at the Security
Council because of the American veto and
that is scary that is deeply concerning
for the reality that even if we get to a
point and in two years time things will
change significantly
how much further will they be allowed to
deteriorate in the meantime that's also
one of the most important points that we
have to make that people are used to
think about is reality in the context of
the Middle East peace process but in
fact what is happening in the meantime
in this process has been going on for
more than 20 years already is that there
are facts on the ground that are being
set unilaterally by Israel all the time
and they are already dictating the
future outcome of whatever will be
decided at some unknown future how does
the Jewish nation state law that was
just passed fit into this picture and
explain what it is it's part of that
growing nationalistic trend
in Israel that is also desiring to
enshrine in law these changes it has
aspects with regard to the exclusivity
of statehood of national identity in the
set of Israel but in some ways it may
have consequences also beyond the green
line to begin with in East Jerusalem
East Jerusalem was annexed right after
1967 two other proper in the nation
state law applies there and that's not
just the usual law that's a basic law in
Israel which are part of like our
substitute for a constitution and so for
those of us that try to look forward and
ask that's more strategic question like
where is all this leading the reality
that we live in that is based on our
rule of them right but not as a
temporary um phase but as something that
is becoming more and more permanent
so trying to see the connection between
that and the passage of such laws the
murder of Assoc the Saudi journalist
Washington Post columnist that threatens
Crown Prince Salman and [ __ ] Saudi
Arabia the Trump administration
desperately President Trump trying to
hang on to the Crown Prince
I put that together with nikki Haley the
outgoing UN Ambassador who talked about
the brilliance of Jared Kushner and his
Middle East peace plan of which the
crown prince is also a key supporter of
this apparently do you think what's
happened there what happened in the
Turkish consulate can change politics on
the ground in Israel I think all of
these things echo from each other and
people see what other countries can get
away with at this point in time and I
think maybe we can get away with more
but you know on a more personal basis I
think two of the countries in which
President Trump is the most popular
outside of America are actually Saudi
Arabia in Israel and for me as an
Israeli citizen that's one of the most
embarrassing things I can say about my
own country
and this reality in which you also see
this like growing trend of the Israeli
it's not just a right it's also like the
center it's much broader and
that is like aligning itself openly we
sound like the worst regimes around the
planet Trump
Duterte Viktor Orban and in some other
places parties that are in no neo-nazi
essentially like alternative for Germany
and so on that's terrifying it's an
injury to history an injury to Jewish
history but it's the utmost expression
of cynicism these are our new best
friends because they will prevent
decisions being reached in Brussels to
reject occupation because hunger is our
ally in that context we forgive their
flagrant anti-semitism and if you would
have asked me seriously a few years ago
if I think that the day will come in
