this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we begin today's show in
Puerto Rico where the islands governor
said Monday he is launching an official
recount and review of the death count
from Hurricane Maria the storm
devastated the island on September 20th
and since then the government has listed
the official death toll at 64 but
several investigations have calculated
that perhaps nearly a thousand more
people died the Center for Investigative
Journalism in Puerto Rico examined the
40 day period after Hurricane Maria hit
a portal he'd go and compared into that
same time period last year found finding
at least nine hundred eighty-five
additional people died a CNN survey of
funeral home directors in Puerto Rico
found that they had tracked at least 499
additional deaths in the first month
after the storm that were attributable
to Hurricane Maria this week the New
York Times and other outlets published
statistics from the Puerto Rican
government that showed that jet toll
maybe more than a thousand in a
statement released Monday the islands
governor Ricardo Jose yo referred to the
report saying the media quote used the
data provided by the Puerto Rican
demographic registry but the government
needs to investigate if the increase of
the deaths is related directly or
indirectly with Hurricane Maria in the
face of mounting evidence of a vast
undercount by the government Governor
Jose your added quote we always expected
that the number of hurricane related
deaths would increase as we receive more
factual information not hearsay and this
review will ensure we are correctly
counting everybody
this comes as the center for
investigative journalism in Puerto Rico
reported this week that close to three
months since the storm forty five people
are still listed as missing in efforts
by Puerto Rico's police to locate them
they've been minimal or almost
non-existent meanwhile homeland security
secretary Kirsten Nelson and Housing and
Urban Development Secretary ben Carson
are visiting the island today where at
least a third of residents are still
without power and hundreds remain in
shelters the visit follows a proposal
Monday night by Republican House
lawmakers for an 81 billion dollar
disaster aid package for recovery
efforts in Puerto Rico Texas Florida and
the US Virgin Islands as well as States
hit by wildfires well more than
president Trump has asked for for more
we go to San Juan Puerto Rico where
we're joined by a myiasis the co-founder
of Puerto Rico's center for
investigative journalism where she's a
reporter her latest article headline
delayed and without resources Puerto
Rico's police did little to investigate
missing persons after Hurricane Maria
welcome to Democracy Now
Amaya Sousa we had on the center for
investigative journalism your Center
early on after the hurricane where your
you were alleging that there were around
a thousand deaths this is now months
later at the time President Trump was
touting the fact that the death level
was very low
now the governor of Puerto Rico says
he's calling for a recount tell us the
evidence you have that the death toll
may well be around a thousand first of
all hi Amy good morning good morning
Juan thanks so much for having me with
you you know early on since week number
one or two we already had a lot of
evidence that the deaths were
skyrocketing and they were much higher
than the 16 deaths count the government
maintained as the official death count
death toll for like two weeks that
didn't move at all any day for for two
weeks so certainly there was very little
interest of the government of being
proactive and finding out what was
really going on the morgues at the
hospitals were full in Puerto Rico which
is not normal they were saying their
hospitals were saying this was the the
fact that this was going on and the
government was just didn't wanna get
into the the issue and come what was
going on
seriously this went on until the day
President Trump came here and used that
that that number
to say you know what this is not a real
catastrophe this is not like Katrina and
that same day hours after the the number
doubled official number well I want to
turn to those comments you referred to
Donald Trump related in October during
his visit to Puerto Rico after the
hurricane hit the island throughout the
trip he repeatedly praised his
administration's response to the storm
and comparing it to george w bush's
handling of Katrina in 2005 this is what
the president said if you look at a real
catastrophe like Katrina and you look at
the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of people that died and you
look at what happened here with really a
storm that was just totally overpowering
nobody's ever seen anything like this
now what is your what is your death
count is at this moment 17 16 people
certified 16 people versus in the
thousands you can be very proud of all
of your people all of our people working
together oh my associate your response
especially given the fact that here you
have the governor of the island as well
as the President of the United States
both apparently not in contact with
what's actually what was actually
happening on the ground at that time you
know what that was a very sad moment
everybody here knew that was not real we
have been publishing already for one
week some of our stories and our
investigations and the government knew
that was not the real number that
they've said over and over again
repeatedly still now that they're doing
they're saying they're gonna do the
recount that they have had not received
information they don't have to receive
information they have to go look for the
information go out and investigate and
they just haven't done that and I wanted
to ask you in terms of the of the of the
efforts of people on the ground to try
to get a clearer sense one of the things
that's been raised at the hospitals
we're never giving any kind of protocols
by the government about how to deal or
with with deaths that we're coming in at
that time you talk about the
the medical community what they were
told they were just sent an email maybe
two or three emails with the CDC
guidelines of how to manage or
recommendations on how to manage death
certificates under these natural
disasters like hurricanes for example
but those were you know never
distributed they are not a mandate the
hospital said that that's not their
legal responsibility and SLE we all know
there's a lot of liability in writing
putting things in writing without a law
and executive order mandating that so
certainly know a week a month ago there
were only I think three death
certificates that said the word here
again so there was no clear instruction
this was just to the the administrators
of the hospital and I've spoken to many
doctors that have said that they have
never received these guidelines they
never received an order and when the
governor has wanted to make something
happen he just stands up and clearly
says he's putting out an executive order
or some kind of mandate and that that
hasn't happened today is the first time
yesterday I'm sorry it was the first
time that he says something clearly
about this issue
three months after in October democracy
now travel to Puerto Rico to cover the
aftermath of the hurricane I spoke with
San Juan Mayor Carmen yilin Cruz who
raised the issue of the number of bodies
cremated after the storm reported that
911 deaths have been or bodies have been
cremated since my tea yeah why is that
hundred nine hundred and eleven why is
that happening
we have no idea now usually when you
cremate people at that rate it's because
you're trying to ensure that an outbreak
UPS whatever disease doesn't come up but
whatever it is we should know about it
and again I don't understand why these
things are not being openly talked about
so that son Juan Mayor Carmen you lean
crews amaya Sousa can you respond to
this the number of cremations
well if the number of cremations is
certainly high it's been put a little
out of context because it wasn't in the
stories that came out they were stories
in the in the States they didn't compare
it to months before but certainly it's
hype usually it's like four hundred -
five four - five hundred cremations
monthly cremations and now it was about
nine hundred so we're almost doubled the
the person in charge security secretary
Hector pescetta has said that this is
the will of the people but I've spoken
to a lot of people that say we have no
option that the the bodies of my family
member for example were already
decomposed so you know it's not that I
asked for or I wish for a cremation I
just had no other option so certainly it
all has to do with the situation
I cannot say there's a willful will to
just cover up something but certainly
now to investigate when you've cremated
so many bodies it's very difficult oh my
you've also reported about the spike in
a number of people missing subsequent to
the hurricane and the failure of police
officials to even look for these folks
would you talk about that as well well
this is this is another very sad
situation that that happened and was
just erased erased forgotten by
everybody the week after the hurricane
the missing persons in Puerto Rico
tripled and as we just found out the
police kind of noticed three weeks after
the facts so you should know when
there's a missing person the first 48
hours are critical to finding this
person and police couldn't react because
of the situation also there were I the
police was going through the same
problems everybody in Puerto Rico was
going through no water no electricity no
communications but it's still the
security force you know they should have
known before and now three months after
you still have 45 persons from that
period that remain missing and we are
noticing a profile of a lot of people
with mental
of problems so that got disoriented
family members are just super upset that
they have not had any help from the
police at all so we we published that on
Sunday we still haven't seen a reaction
but the police chief in Puerto Rico
Michelle Farley said that you know she's
open to work in a situation it's still
the same problem it's a little too
little too late can you comment on my
associate the significance of the heads
of HUD housing Urban Development dr. ben
Carson as well as the head of the
Department of Homeland Security coming
to Puerto Rico today what you think they
need to know I'm sorry I couldn't hear
you very well can you comment on the
heads of the Homeland Security and
housing Urban Development coming to
Puerto Rico today what do you think they
need to know there's a lot of work for
them if they're willing to do it the
first of all the Homeland Security
Department is the one that has been
asked by the Democrat the the Democratic
delegation to investigate this issue
with the deaths and the death count the
governor has said they will he wants to
this issue to be investigated and he
wants a recount to be done but as we
publish today the persons the people
that will be in charge of that
investigation are the same people that
have been in charge for the past three
months and that have been stubbornly
saying that this is it you know this is
the the correct number and they don't
have to do anything else so certainly
that that raises a lot of suspicions
from from our side and from people side
that are don't don't trust the the
government in this in this issue in this
investigation so I think the the
Homeland Security acting secretary
should you know take some kind of
control and make some serious questions
in terms of the house in secretary
that's one of the
most serious issues we have right now
250,000 people have lost their homes
there's a lot of people without a place
to stay still people at shelters
sleeping so certainly we have a house a
serious housing crisis that must be
attended to and I'm wondering if you
could talk about the Congressional
response to the crisis in Puerto Rico
obviously there's a bill now being
introduced for 81 billion dollars but
that's for not just for Puerto Rico
that's for Texas for Florida for the
victims of the wildfires in California
when the islands governor had requested
over 90 billion just for the island and
also how the tax bill that will be voted
on the next day or so
is going to affect the island of Puerto
Rico because they are claims that some
of the provisions would actually spur
more more companies to leave the island
of Puerto Rico who now have
manufacturing facilities there it's very
frustrating I mean it seems like all the
doors are being shot on Puerto Rico when
the help is needed the most I really
don't understand why this tax bill
cannot make the exception with Puerto
Rico when we're going through such a
dire crisis that everybody has seen on
TV for the past three months more than
half of the people here still don't have
electricity and they want to text a few
companies that are left the the biggest
crisis right now besides that the humane
crisis humanitarian crisis and
electricity is the economic situation
the economic development the businesses
just cannot run without electricity and
many have just shut down a lot of people
don't have any options at all and other
few options that have decided to stay
and you know fight the fight will see
their their taxes increase by 20% you
know it's it's really horrible it's it's
terrible and in terms of the package it
spins very slow and it what can come out
from that eighty-one
billion package what can be the final
number that will be given to Puerto Rico
that will be determinant to what can
happen how we can bounce back a little
from this situation or not
Amaya Sosa we want to thank you so much
for being with us co-founder of Puerto
Rico's center for investigative
journalism we'll link to your latest
piece headline delayed and without
resources Puerto Rico's police did
little to investigate missing persons
after Hurricane Maria and a special
thanks to where you are broadcasting
from WIP our public television in San
Juan which like many PBS stations also
plays Democracy Now daily this is
democracy now when we come back we'll
speak with Phillip Alston the United
Nations Special Rapporteur on extreme
poverty and human rights he just
completed a two-week tour around the
United States says the tax bill that the
Republicans and Democrats in Congress
are poised to vote on could devastate
people in this country stay with us
