this is democracy now the Warren peace
report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm no mean
shake welcome to our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world as much of the Midwest faces
winter snowstorms
and the East Coast faces freezing
temperatures this week many cities have
issued weather emergency alerts that
allow them to place people who are
homeless into emergency shelters well
today we talk about a new investigation
by the Guardian that looks at how cities
struggled to solve the problem of
homelessness throughout the year and
found many have come to rely on an old
solution a one-way ticket out of town
relocation programs that offer homeless
people free bus tickets to move
elsewhere have been around for at least
three decades but as the homeless
population rises for the first time
since the Great Recession relocation
programs are becoming more common and
are expanding to more cities in its
investigation the Guardian closely
examined these homeless relocation
programs by compiling and analyzing a
database of more than 34,000 bus trips
or flights taken by homeless people out
of their cities they found the journey
provided a route out of homelessness for
some but many eventually returned to the
city they'd left this is 27 year-old
Quinn raver who traveled nearly 2,300
miles over three days from San Francisco
to Indianapolis by bus only to return I
wasn't expecting to come back to San
Francisco as soon as I did but I knew I
was gonna end up coming back eventually
the roughest part about being homeless
is the wear and tear from the concrete
and the constant walking and it's hard
to use the restroom because a lot of
businesses don't want homeless people in
their restrooms and messing them up you
know it really breaks you down I don't
know if I would ask homeward bound for a
ticket again just because I know that
you're not really supposed to ask for
more than one but if they you know if
they wouldn't be willing to help I'd ask
them
you know for more were joined in San
Francisco by Alistair G the homelessness
editor for the Guardian the new
investigation by the outside an America
team headline bust out how America moves
its homeless Alistair welcome to
democracy now just lay out what you
found thank you so much for having me
well we made dozens of public records
requests and our goal was to really
understand what effect these bus
programs were having on the homeless
population in America cities of course
would say that these programs are a
really great way to offer people more
stability it's a way to reconnect people
with family or with friends in other
locations and and perhaps offer them a
route out of homelessness and we found
that well in some cases that what that
was certainly what happened for some
people it certainly was a way to greater
stability for others it wasn't quite
that simple we found cases where people
simply became homeless at their
destination in some instances they even
became homeless again in the city from
which they had departed so the story
really isn't quite as simple and it
really isn't quite as rosy a picture as
cities would portray to a new federal
study the u.s. homeless population as we
said earlier rose this year for the
first time since the Great Recession
what do you know about why that is and
what the impact of that has been right
that's a that's a really good point well
the rise has been driven in particular
by the trends that we're seeing on the
west coast and that's to do with a
rental affordability crisis everywhere
from Seattle down to Los Angeles and San
Diego it's simply becoming impossible
for people earning certainly minimum
wage but even even wages above that it's
just it's it's very very difficult to
afford somewhere to live so that's
what's really driving the trend and I
think that the picture though is in the
background here and it's been a constant
elements of the homelessness crisis in
the US
a long-term federal under investment in
affordable housing something that was
really begun these cuts in the Reagan
era and in the opinion of advocates has
never really been properly been
redressed since then this is 62 year old
Willie reminds who took a bus from Key
West to Ocala Florida he told the
Guardian because he accepted a free bus
ticket from the shelter he was living in
he was barred from returning
it's like close the door get out of here
we bought your bus ticket you can't come
back that could hurt know me I feel like
I swindled since I've been banned from
the shelter I've stayed from smathers
beach behind buildings behind bushes
hedgerows I've slept next to dumpsters
and stuff like that they tell you
anything because they want you out here
they want all the homeless palicky West
and this is Rose Thompson a 58 year old
woman who RICO case for jigna she told
the Guardian she went back to Key West
only three weeks after leaving I had a
seizure and my heart stopped at the soup
kitchen so I wanted to go back to West
Virginia and stay with my daughter they
were staying and it's like in a
3-bedroom trailer and then her little
boy slept on the couch where I was sleep
and said they wanted me to go to a
homeless shelter and
I didn't want to stay in the homeless
shelter in West Virginia because I don't
know anybody up there anymore from the
time I left here it's the time I got
back that was exactly three weeks so if
you can talk about these people
Alistair G Alistair G and talk about you
know with what their circumstances were
and also how much are taxpayers paying
for all of that simply for them to
return well Willie was a person that one
of our reporters met in Key West and and
as you mentioned earlier the Key West
game is really unusual in that of the 15
or so programs from which we receive
data Key West was the only one that had
this stipulation they essentially made
you sign a kind of contract if you went
to to the program and requested a bus
ticket they would ask you to essentially
declare that should you return to Key
West that you wouldn't avail yourself of
homeless services there on the island
again and so what this means is that you
have people like Rose for instance who
are sleeping on beaches sleeping
outdoors because essentially they have
taken a ticket it didn't work out where
they came from and they've just ended up
back in Key West so in the case of
Rhodes for instance she wanted to travel
back to West Virginia where she's from
to stay with her daughter
she got back there it turns out that her
daughter simply wasn't able to offer her
the kind of support that she needed to
find her way out of homelessness
she rode would be living in her in an
overcrowded trailer she was sleeping on
a couch and eventually her daughter had
to take her to a homeless shelter in
West Virginia so Rosa ended up coming
back to Key West and that's where she is
now and so she simply has no shelter she
has nowhere to stay
and so she unfortunately is sleeping
outdoors there and I think you will also
forget I could you remind me of your
other question oh I'm talking about you
know the cost to taxpayers since what
we're talking about now is people who
take these journeys whether bus or plane
some feeling coerced
and then they end up back in the city
they're in right right well we have
figures from the city of New York for
instance which budgets half a million
dollars per year for its program and
cities around the country while not
quite they don't have programs that are
quite as large as the one in New York I
think we can safely assume that that
over the course of years that cities are
spending millions of dollars on these
kinds of things and it's interesting
because the efficacy of these programs
well while cities would say that these
are a good way to help people get out of
homelessness there really isn't very
much long-term research that testifies
to that so for instance we spoke to the
city of San Francisco and requested data
from them and they provided many many
years data going back to the 2000s but
for instance for a five-year period
between 2010 and 2015 when when the city
offered thousands of people bus tickets
and thousands of people left the city
the city could only provide us records
showing that it had been able to follow
up with only three of those people to
find out if their situation at the other
end had improved and and that was really
that was a similar situation across the
board while a few smaller cities did
have some long term follow-up data
mostly they did not and the cities
really had no idea what happened to the
people who had taken tickets out of
their cities and Alistair what did you
find about the percentage of people who
opted to leave the cities they're living
in the homeless people who opted to
leave and those who are in some sense
coerced or forced to leave well that's a
really good question and I think it's
important to mentor from the outset that
the majority of people who are homeless
in any given city are from that city
whenever cities do their homeless
population counts they often do surveys
and they found this trend is replicated
across the borders so it is actually a
myth that as is common in many cities in
the West that somebody has drawn there
for the services or for the weather most
people are actually from that city but
for the percentage the small percentage
that aren't from that city these
programs come
a good choice in terms of coercion it
wasn't something that we found very
often these programs generally are
voluntary and and the way it works is
that someone would take themselves to a
ticket office and they would make a
request for a ticket and and that's how
it would work but in the case of one
family in New York the Ortiz family we
did find that that they felt that they
had been given no other choice than to
take a ticket Jose Ortiz he told us that
he had gone to the city's homelessness
department in the summer of this year he
his family his young family had been
homeless in the city of New York and he
had requested some help just some time
really to help him had helped him get
his family back on his feet he says that
the city determined that because he had
in there worth a better housing option
on the island of Puerto Rico that he
wasn't eligible for homeless services in
the city of New York and and in his
terms as it was laid out to him he was
given only one choice which was to take
the plane ticket out of town can you
talk about what's happening in San
Francisco right now which is
experiencing a homeless crisis looking
at the impact that the number of the
people bussed out of the city have and
also right here in New York City if you
can talk about one of the first places
to adopt the so called relocation
program yeah so to deal with the second
point at first New York as far as we
could tell was the first major city to
to launch a program its program came
about in around 1987 and it hasn't
continued without pause since then it
was relaunched in its current form and
Mayor Bloomberg but but it certainly has
a lot of history there the program in
San Francisco came about later in around
2005 and and officials in San Francisco
told me that that's a police commander
told me that they were looking for the
example of the city of Sacramento and
they thought why can't we have a program
like that and so the effect as you
mentioned on San Francisco's homeless
population has been quite dramatic we
looked at the homeless counts
San Francisco over many years and we're
trying to calculate what what the
population of the city the homeless
population would have been had this
program not existed and we did a very
rough back-of-the-envelope calculation
and over the years around ten and a half
thousand people have received bus
tickets from San Francisco's homeward
bound program and is homeless population
today on any one night is around seven
to eight thousand people and so of
course our calculation doesn't take into
account people who might have come into
San Francisco through other burst
programs which we don't have data all
people who have been become homeless in
San Francisco while living in San
Francisco but very roughly we estimated
that the population of San Francisco
could have been 18,000 homeless people
on any one night had this program not
existed so that's more than double the
current population of around seven to
eight thousand well let's go to Key West
Florida you spoke also to a former
shelter official there in Key West who
defended the policy of banning people
who've been relocated from returning
this is Mike Tolbert the reason of the
one-way ticket we don't want a revolving
door Travel Agency you let them come
back they're gonna want another ticket
and then you get the people everybody
wanting the ticket everybody wanting to
come back and it's just not gonna work
the program will not work the folks that
take a bus ticket and complain about it
I think we all stop them you we gave you
all we can give you there's nothing else
we can give you I'm good with it
so that's Mike Tolbert in Key West
Florida Alister can you say a
representative his example is of other
homeless people in Florida and even
elsewhere well the the Key West program
there was certainly the most I would say
forthright about about that kind of
thing as I mentioned the program the Key
West program did seem in some senses to
be an outlier I would say because other
programs emphasize more that that this
was more of a humanitarian effort to to
assist people in Key West came down
quite squarely I suppose they would say
that it was both humanitarian thing but
also they were doing a good thing by
reducing the population and by by giving
these people one-way tickets out of town
and so I wouldn't say that that that
attitude is extremely representative but
it is very very unusual and that's why
we send some reporters there to meet
people like Willie and rose and
certainly to hear more about their
stories and the story of the person who
was flown from New York to Puerto Rico
explain that program and particularly
now after Hurricane Maria right well the
Ortiz family as I mentioned they took a
plane to get back in in August and as
they felt it was under duress they
really didn't want to go it was a man
his wife said to their two young
children and our reporter noticed that
the parents were doing their best to put
a brave face on it when they were at JFK
the kids were very very happy to be
going on plane but the parents they were
really trying to mask their feelings
about it and so they traveled back to
Puerto Rico in August we were able to
stay in touch with them a little bit
over Facebook when when Jose Ortiz
returned to Puerto Rico he messaged us
to say that he had a job interview as a
security guard and so he was feeling
optimistic about that but once the
hurricane had been through it became
hard for us to get in touch with him and
we really despite our efforts haven't
been able to get back in touch with them
since then and so we don't know now how
how that family is doing unfortunately
finally taxes that's the big news of the
Christmas and holiday weekends as
President Trump has just signed this and
said that this helps poor and working
people what are your concerns about
taxes and homelessness well all the
advocates that I that I spoke to were
were hoping maybe vainly I think they
would say that that tax reform might be
a boon for affordable housing for the
construction of homes that really the
most impoverished Americans could afford
and there was particular focus on the
mortgage interest deduction which is
this tax break that you can take
essentially it goes to the to the
wealthiest Americans who
who use it to help them buy more
expensive homes that's the verdict of
tax analysts even though it's intended
as a kind of middle-class tax break and
so experts were we're hoping that this
would be reformed and that the the
revenues from that would be channeled
into affordable housing construction as
it stands the government spends twice as
much on that tax break for the
wealthiest Americans and it does on
rental assistance the section 8 program
for the poorest Americans and so in the
reconciled version of the tax bill as it
as it appears now there has been a
little bit of reform of that deduction
but it doesn't seem that that money at
least it hasn't been stated outright
that that money is going to be channeled
into affordable housing production which
is what advocates would really like so I
think there's a broad sense of
disappointment that this was an
opportunity here to really potentially
transform the landscape and that that
doesn't seem to be the case at all and
the freezing weather the freezing
weather is extreme elements are really
the bane of a homeless person's life we
reported back in the summer the burning
temperatures in Arizona during that heat
wave was extremely difficult for
homeless people who couldn't even walk
on the asphalt
because it was burning and it's the same
with the cold weather today
unfortunately it's very very hard to to
make it on the streets if you're trying
to simply stay alive because of the
elements I'm sure in Washington DC as is
always the case and as it's been the
case for decades now we'll see people
trying to warn themselves are on grates
because that is for many people simply
the only source of heat that there is
and so I know that they're advocates
across the West in particular just
looking out for that and watching for
snowfall and trying to help people as
best they can absolutely astounding
weather from International Falls
Minnesota 37 degrees below zero Erie
Pennsylvania over five feet of snow has
fallen there and they expect more
alistair gee thanks so much for being
with us homelessness editor for The
Guardian his team's latest article based
on an 18-month investigation is
headlined bust out how America
moves its homeless will link to it at
democracynow.org when we come back we'll
be speaking with the journalist about
her own memoir it's called mental
lithium love and losing my mind
stay with us
