this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world the Trump administration
failed to meet a court imposed deadline
Tuesday to reunite all children under
the age of five who were separated from
their parents at the border according to
the government just 38 children out of
the hundred and two children under the
age of five have been reunited with
their parents attorney legal heirs of
the American Civil Liberties Union
criticized the Trump administration for
missing the deadline we are extremely
disappointed that the government looks
like they're not going to reunify all
the eligible children today and that
they have not even tracked down the
removed parents but we do think since
the judge became involved in the
compliance process absolute of this past
Friday things have taken a real step
forward and there has been progress we
are hoping that that means from now on
no deadlines will be missed either for
these under five or for any of the two
thousand-plus going forward over 60
children under the age of five remain
separated from their parents as well as
nearly 3,000 children over the age of
five on Tuesday Judge Dana Sabra
reiterated that all separated children
must be reunited with their parents by
July 26 he said quote these are firm
deadlines they are not aspirational
goals on Tuesday night Secretary of
Health and Human Services
Alexes are told CNN the United States
was acting generously toward the migrant
children it is one of the great acts of
American generosity and charity what we
are doing for these unaccompanied kids
who are smuggled into our country or
come across illegally secretary Azhar
went on to explain the delays and
reuniting the other children with their
parents
we could put children back with
individuals who are murderers kidnappers
rapists or not their parents but we've
worked with the court to ensure that we
do our duty which is to protect child
welfare and ensure that they are in fact
that I could release all of the kids by
10:55 p.m. but I don't think you want
that I know the court doesn't want that
where
join right now by two guests Lowen
material is an immigration reporter for
the Houston Chronicle joining us from
Houston and Barbara Hines is an
immigration lawyer and founder of the
University of Texas immigration law
clinic she's worked on immigration
issues in Texas including cases
involving immigrant parents separated
from their children and will tell us the
story of Flores the Flores settlement
but we're going to Lima Creole in
Houston first join me you told the story
of a woman who you witnessed in court
just last week or the week before who is
raped by two police officers can you
repeat that story here sure so I was in
Brownsville last week and sat in on a
credible fear hearing in the Port Isabel
Detention Center where most of the
separated parents are being held and all
of the the women in this hearing had
already had their credible fear
interviews denied which is the first
step to to getting asylum and they were
asking the judge to reconsider their
claims one of the the women was this
mother who told the judge that she had
been raped by police officers in alpha
in in her the country where she's farm
in Central America and that she was
coming here to ask for asylum because
they threatened to kill her and her
family she came here with four of her
children including one she was still
breastfeeding and when Border Patrol
agents found her they prosecuted the mom
for coming here illegally and took away
her children placing them in foster care
and at the hearing last week she she
told the judge that she had been unable
to articulate her asylum claim because
she was so upset about this her
separated children and not knowing where
they were and she said she had yet been
able to hear anything about them the
judge eventually decided he sternly
questioned her but eventually told her
that he was going to give her another
chance to make her asylum claim but as
of last week she still had not heard
from her children and we don't know if
she's been reunited with them yet at
this point
so Lauren does that mean that the the
immigration officials separated her
children from her before they even
conducted an interview with her could
you explain that yeah I mean that is how
the process seems to have worked at you
know board of trial when they were we're
doing this policy Border Patrol agents
would decide to separate the parents and
the children and would prosecute the
parents who would usually serve a few
days in prison before going to
immigration detention and that's where
they had the opportunity to make their
asylum claim and was there any during
the proceeding was there any indication
of what kind of paperwork if any ice
officials gave or Border Patrol gave to
the mother about where the children were
being sent that didn't come up in the
hearing but we know just from from other
parents I've spoken to they sometimes
we're just told their children were
going to Texas or to Florida and
sometimes they were given a 1-800 number
for the Office of refugee resettlement
which is in charge of these immigrant
children but they complained that the
1-800 number didn't they couldn't always
get through on it or that the the agency
often required a number to call back
which parents and detention often didn't
have so it was really difficult for them
to find out the whereabouts of their
children speaking to CNN Tuesday evening
Secretary of Health and Human Services
Secretary Alex Azhar said 38 children
have been reunited and explained the
delays and reuniting the other children
with their parents the remaining ones
are children whose parents didn't
confirm to be parents they were lying
about being parents they're demonstrably
unfit we've got one alleged to be a
murderer one who's a kidnapper one
rapist one who's a trafficker one
alleged by the child to be a child
abuser we've got another 23 who are
unavailable because they're in Marshals
Service custody or jails or have been
deported and then finally another 25
where we
have not yet completed the parent checks
or the criminal background checks or
they have been released into the
interior of the country and we continue
to work very collaboratively with the
court on all of these our central
mission is protecting child welfare
while still reuniting families
Brownsville mayor Tony Martinez was also
on CNN he refuted as ours claims in an
interview with Erin Burnett that's not
the information I got and I basically
went straight to the the the coordinator
of the entire Southwest Keys and
according to the information I got and
like I said I've been there they claim
to be able to have all the information
necessary and ready to go and for
whatever reason it becomes somewhat out
of their control as to how they go from
here on out so there may be a
miscommunication somewhere but I felt
like I got a good answer from the
executive director of Southwest Keys and
saying we're ready to go and ready to
move on but they just they're just
waiting there in limbo that's
Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez who said
that Casa Padre the southeast Keys
facility said they had 36 kids ready to
go but the government wouldn't move on
them
Barbara Hines you're the head of the
University of Texas immigration law
clinic can you respond to a czar saying
this remarkable quote that it was an act
of American generosity that they took
the children from the parents and then
Trump following up yesterday as he was
leaving for the NATO summit saying that
these people shouldn't come in to have
come into this country at all well I
find that statement incredible there was
no concern for the welfare of children
no one concerned with child welfare
would take young children away from
their parents these are legitimate
asylum seekers doing what I consider a
really brave thing looking for safety
and refuge for their children and the
fact that they only returned what is it
about a third a little over a third of
the children on a court imposed deadline
yesterday and still
have almost 3,000 to go which must be
returned within the next two weeks can
you tell us the status of this and your
colleagues throughout Texas and Arizona
who are working with these nonprofits
that are trying to unite parents even
parents who have been released who are
there who are desperately waiting for
their children so our experience has
been that the government has imposed all
sorts of regulations and requirements
for parents to get their children back
and what I think is important is that
the government had no process whatsoever
to take the children away so it's very
hypocritical to now be saying you have
to have a police check and you have to
have this and you have to have that when
there was no process whatsoever for the
parents when their children were seized
so there are many women and men who have
been released from ice detention who are
unable to see their children they're
allowed an hour visit if they can where
their children are detained for example
Southwest keys that you mentioned and
also this issue that was raised over the
weekend by federal authorities doing DNA
testing to determine the act whether
children were actually the children of
people who are claiming to be their
parents do you know whether this
actually gone through or what the status
of that is
I don't know I know there's been a lot
of debate about DNA and once again
that's an extraordinary unnecessary
process DNA is only used when there is a
significant or serious doubt about
parentage many of the parents who have
been denied the recovery of their
children have birth certificates and
they have documents to prove that their
that they are the parents and that these
are their children also what about the
the whole issue of of the parents who
have already been deported what is the
administration doing in terms of damage
they're just saying well with nothing we
can do about it now that we've deported
them well yes I think they're certainly
not doing what I would consider due
diligence they were responsible for
deporting
the parents and they need to find these
parents and they need to reunite them
with their children as quickly as
possible I think it is outrageous the
idea in our country that you would
deport parents without their children
parents who arrived at the border with
their children I'd like to turn to a
parent who's been separated from her
child a Honduran mother named Jessica
told the BBC what happened to her when
she and her six-year-old son attempted
to enter the United States six weeks ago
this young they told us you were
criminals you will be imprisoned and
your kids will be given up for adoption
they yelled at us so badly that our kids
got scared they told us to lay our kids
on the floor at midnight they came to
pick up the kids
there was a mom breastfeeding her baby
and one of the officers told her she
wasn't an animal to be taking her
breasts out like that and they took her
baby they cuffed her and change her in
front of the kids
what they've done is horrible
I have no information on my son it's
been more than fifty days since I last
heard of him
I call and no one gives me any
information I can't even sleep I wake up
in my heart is beating so fast I can't
even breathe they told me my son is
somewhere in New York but no one answers
the phone when I call there are so many
mothers like me that have no idea where
their kids are and that are still in the
detention center never did I imagine it
was going to be like this that they
would take our kids our kids have no
fault for the mistakes the adults make
that's yesica talking to the BBC about
what happened when she and her
six-year-old son attempted to enter the
United States
if you could tell me lomi Creole how is
this story and are you seeing these
stories increase or decrease right now I
mean I think from what I know just from
having talked to parents and lawyers
that story is is pretty typical I mean
that's what happened with parents who
came with their children sometimes their
children were were taken away and they
were told about it or sometimes they
would there were some cases where
parents reported they went to the
bathroom and when they came back their
children were gone so and also it's been
very difficult as she said to for the
parents to find out where their children
are these stories though are are not
increasing the administration has
stopped essentially prosecuting parents
who come with their children so we're
not seeing more separations the question
now is just reunifying all of these
children with their parents well on
Monday federal judge dolly G in Los
Angeles dealt a major blow to the Trump
administration's efforts indefinitely
jail migrant families including asylum
seekers she ruled the Trump
administration cannot amend the 1997
Flores agreement which says children
cannot be jailed for more than twenty
days
Barbara Hines could you talk about the
florist the florist agreement what it is
and how it initially developed and also
the problems that occurred with it under
the Obama administration as well now is
with the Trump administration yes the
florists settlement came out of
litigation over the treatment of
children in the 1980s into the 1990s and
it is a settlement that's been in effect
since 1997 and it governs the treatment
of children if they're detained but the
most important thing in Florida is that
the presumption is that children should
not be detained that they should be
released as promptly as possible
generally within five days if there's no
facility in the area if there is in
seven
two hours and that they should be
reunited outside the community as
quickly as possible and the Obama
administration violated the Flores
agreement trying to keep parents and
children detained for long periods of
time arguing the Flores settlement just
like the Trump administration does not
include accompany children that is
children that appear with their parents
that present themselves at the border
with their parents and judge gee now
twice has resounded Lee rejected both
the arguments of the Obama
administration and once again of the
Trump administration and has rejected
the notion that children and their
parents can be prolonged indefinitely
detained as Trump is now claiming that
he needs to do or what he wants to do
Louis Flores Jenny Flores was a
Salvadorian who was detained in the late
eighties the last time there were large
numbers of Central Americans coming to
this country and so the Trump
administration says I mean they
continued to defy deadlines they say
they did this it was a humanitarian act
separating children from murderers and
rapists and now they say they will hold
them together want to hold them
indefinitely
perhaps on military bases and other
places so what happens next can the
Flores settlement withstand the
challenge well I think the Flores
settlement can withstand the challenge
the Flores settlement is the law it's an
agreement that the government entered in
tune is abided by for many years
although as I said the Obama
administration tried to get out of the
settlement as well but basically judge
ji said that what Trump is proposing is
not possible under the settlement and
it's not possible under the order of the
San Diego judge so basically I don't
think that Trump is going to be able to
hold families indefinitely what's
important as well is that in his
executive
order and his pronouncements he ignores
the liberty interest the Constitution
and our immigration statutes which
provide for all immigrants the right to
present an application for release from
detention
we just have 15 seconds but what about
people who come over the border who
don't speak Spanish even Trump
administration says that border guards
speak Spanish but indigenous languages
Barbara Hines that's a that's a very
significant problem colleagues of mine
met with families at the Hutto detention
center near Austin and they could not
communicate with the indigenous speakers
there they were even more isolated than
the Spanish speakers they had no idea of
what was happening with their children
there are not enough interpreters for
indigenous primarily Guatemalan
languages even before this humanitarian
crisis the phone lines don't work in
detention centers there are not enough
interpreters so this is really one of
the most isolated populations and the
idea that the administration would then
take their children and not be able to
communicate with them is I think illegal
and certainly immoral Barbara Hines want
to thank you for being with us
University of Texas immigration law
clinic and loyaly Creole of the Houston
Chronicle will link to your pieces at
democracynow.org this is democracy now
democracynow.org when we come back
President Trump threatened to bomb
Venezuela
we'll talk with Mark Weisbrot about
Venezuela the major protests that are
taking place in Haiti and also about
what's happening in Brazil and Mexico
stay with us
