and democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez well on Monday a
federal judge in New York City ordered
the immediate release of immigrant
rights leader Rafi Rafi beer from ice
detention calling his detention quote
unnecessarily cruel but Roque beers
ordeal is not over US District Judge
concert forest road of the due process
at stake in this case quote the process
that was due here is not processed that
will allow him to stay indefinitely
those processes have been had the
processors do here is the allowance that
he know and understand that the time has
come that he must organize his own
affairs and that he must do so by a date
certain that is what is due that is the
process required after a life living
among us
Ravi Raab beer is the executive director
the new sanctuary coalition he's one of
a handful of high-profile immigrant
rights leaders who've been targeted by
the Trump administration Ravi was
released last night joining us in our
New York studio of Democracy Now also
with us his wife Amy Gottlieb also an
immigrant rights attorney and his own
attorney Alena das sue co-directs
immigrant rights clinic NYU School of
Law
so Alena das if you can talk about the
significance of what has taken place I
mean this was a stunning rebuke of the
Trump administration that Judge Forrest
handed down yesterday you came outside
the courthouse you know no we couldn't
even have phones in the courtroom record
anything though the judge's decision was
given out after she read it and you
talked about the significance of this
case around the country as Amy is about
to get on a train to be a guest at the
State of the Union address of President
Trump not invited by President Trump but
by Congress remember Nadine Velazquez
well absolutely we we were so heartened
to get the judge's decision ordering
immediate release and even more so the
basis of the decision recognizing the
cruelty of detention and at the end of
the day I think that's the principle
that will stand for all of these other
cases that were seeing
what she recognized is that when you
detain someone who isn't a flight risk
or danger
it becomes arbitrary and that's what
happened here
ice has never claimed that Ravi is a
danger to the community on the contrary
they've in the past recognized his
contributions yet the only explanation
that the attorney was able to provide at
the hearing yesterday for why they did
this was that it was in their
operational decision-making process and
when you hear words like that which are
empty it just shows how far we've come
that detention has become so normalized
that we think it's perfectly fine to
lock someone up put them in shackles
take them to a jail away from their
families just in order to enforce what
essentially is a civil administrative
order now we do intend to challenge that
order and we have other legal cases that
are pending for review so our goal is to
keep him here but recognizing as the
Court did that detention itself was cool
and inhumane I think will be helpful to
many other people who face the scenario
and maybe in terms of the the fight it's
gonna continue clearly because the judge
did recognize that ice had the legal
right to deport your husband but it was
a question of the the way that they
detained him in the process now that you
facing a new a new date what do you see
especially in the context where as we've
seen both President Trump and the
Democrats are inviting their video
glasses inviting you immigrants are
advocates and and and people who
according to Trump have been victimized
by crime of undocumented immigrants are
all going to be center stage this
evening at the at the State of the Union
in this context the continuing battle
over your husband's ability to stay in
the country yeah it's it's terrifying
but you know to see the surge of support
we have it's it's so rewarding and it
gives me strength and it gives me hope
and you know we've been in the struggle
we've been married you know almost eight
years we have been two
gather for a long time we have learned
to walk through this one day at a time
and right now it feels like we have a
short period of time until the next day
of deportation expires but we have I
have to hold on to my faith that the
system is going to work it was my faith
was shattered when Robbie was in
detention
you flew down to Florida you went up to
Orange County yeah three times to Orange
County Jail to see my husband in a
bright yellow jumpsuit for one hour and
spent a couple hundred dollars on phone
calls for us to be able to talk but yes
so you know right now it feels like
we've got the surge of community support
we have you know members of Congress who
are looking out for us we have the legal
team that we have you know and I feel so
grateful for all of that and I'm just
gonna have to keep doing it one day at a
time and believing in my deep down in my
heart and my soul that we are going to
find a way through this and it will not
be easy we realize that but but we know
that you know we're we're
extraordinarily lucky and we talk all
the time and think all the time about
people in this situation who are not
supported by the lawyers that we have by
the community that we have by people who
are willing to lie down and you know be
arrested on our behalf
that's an extraordinary situation that
we live and we recognize that and we
want to see that for everybody but it's
scary you know coming back to the
judge's decision about its we have under
the guise that the fiction of that this
law makes it right so that's the problem
with this law law makes it right to do
this not only to myself and it's beyond
me it's about the one hundreds of
thousands that are facing it
when I was an chrome you so you felt
hopelessness that people have because it
they are they they're terrified of what
has happened everything is stripped out
from stripped out from them when I move
to Orange County when I move me sir I
don't move they move me to Orange County
is the same thing people are not so in a
so this
Troy the spirits are broken and when you
have hundreds and millions of people in
this state it's something wrong I'm not
law that that she rightly targeted or
said that this fiction makes this all
possible
obviously interaction you had with some
of the of the guards so we're looking oh
yeah were they aware that you were an
immigrant rights activist and did they
did you have conversations with them
about the situation you know well not
only the guards but the ice officers
themselves so one ice officer came up to
me and when they were bringing me up
stuck his hand in his pocket and
hollering over me so I heard you want to
race the Advocate activist what do you
do and he started talking and then he
came and he actually sat down next to me
put his foot on it so on a chair and and
started talking and and I said you know
everything that you have said I would
invite you to come and work for us
because he was making his own arguments
against what has happened on how this
law itself is wrong they recognized that
but there is a job
I have had these conversations with them
through the process going down to toe to
toe chrome sits down with them and
hearing them say what a what was
happening to me was wrong and they
recognized that I wanted to ask Leena
das about this ongoing case and it's one
of the issues the judge raised yesterday
she said you have a court case what a
February 9th
so why she said to the lawyers
representing the Trump administration
and ice is he is he going to be detained
until then separating detention from
deportation if he's not a flight risk if
there's not any danger to the community
why is he being held now can you talk
about this case Ravi has been in this
country for over a quarter of a century
well absolutely
so Ravi has faced many in justices in
the legal system we have always
maintained that there have been
fundamental errors in the original
conviction that is leading to this
deportation and explain what you mean by
that original conviction sure so Ravi
like many individuals is actually came
to the US and and had lawful permanent
residency he has status yet because of a
criminal conviction that he received in
2001 he's facing this double punishment
missus for wire fraud this is for wire
fraud I was a fraud conviction that we
believe was involved several errors in
terms of the jury instructions in terms
of sentencing that laws have come to
light that have made it clear that he
was convicted for conduct that wasn't
actually criminal and so those are the
challenges that we've been pursuing for
a number of years while all of this has
been going on under prior
administrations we had been told by ice
that they recognized that you know he
had a due process interest in seeing his
day in court on those claims nothing
about that has changed those role
pending before January 11th yet we
walked in that day and suddenly we got
this decision to deport him and I think
that's the part of this that is so
disturbing is that the only thing that
has really changed in Robbie's case
since 2008 is the fact that he is his
prominence as an immigrant rights
activist has only increased and that
it's come into direct conflict with the
current administration and I agree with
Reggie's comments that it's not about
one man or the agency of ice ice issued
a statement I think in response to the
judge's order seeming to suggest that
she was somehow insulting ice officers
but the fact of the matter is many of
the ice officers that we've spoken to
even over the last couple of weeks have
expressed concern about the direction
that ice is moving in we recognize the
humanity of everyone who is working or
caught up in this system and we don't
believe that it is it's just one person
or one policy it is a stark change in
the direction this country is moving in
and I think that's why the work that
Rubby does as an activist it's so
important so we will continue to fight
to make sure that he isn't deported and
that the injustice is and both his
conviction as well as his removal order
are addressed by the courts of law I was
wondering if you can explain the
accompaniment process that you have
really refined that seemed to enrage ice
officials
when we were there last March downtown
you had a Jericho walk around 26 Federal
Plaza where immigrants have to go inside
where you were checking and this was
last March you have Congress meant you
have legislators you have City Council
members and this is what's so enraged
Murkowski when he talked about this is
d-day right now talk about accompaniment
and what it means how many people came
up with you for example January 11th
when you went to your checkin so your
accompaniment is simple it's it's
partnering US citizens whom whom Heights
has no jurisdiction over with
non-citizens who are facing a terrible
process as we talked about face and
deportation and exiled from the family
permanently right that's the reason is
simplicity but there are rules that we
this part of the training is about the
rules that we engaged that we teach
people one is do I don't don't judge
anyone so people have criminal
convictions it doesn't matter a new
sanctuary doesn't believe that no one
should be deported because it's no
itself is a fiction sorry
rhesus to that you should respect people
but treat do no harm so everything that
we have how we have trained people is
that I don't want you to react to the
officers and react to the policy but
respond I knowing how that we what
teaching and that response has made them
very effective because they are not
intimidated by the by by the process
they are not intimidated by ice officers
they are not intimidated because they
know they are coming at it from a very
non violent non confrontation in fact we
say you know you're doing the
accompaniment wrong as if you speak it
so look Mike might call and treat any
missile to learn how to shut up and
that's the whole concept of the
accompaniment program and it has become
very effective and of course as much as
in the India Company mental check ins
and they've been trying to buy us body
accompaniment formula check in many many
occasions on this
we still going to be planning to change
that and continue to think to accompany
people and Amy at the State of the Union
this evening what are you hoping to have
happened there talk about the the
congresswoman that evil acid inviting
you when you heard she wanted you to be
there goodness
I was I was pretty stunned to get the
invitation but I was impressed it felt
to me like a bold move on her part and
they've since heard of others who've
been invited by their members of
Congress others in similar situations it
was a bold move just to you know bring
somebody with her as her guest who
represents something that the Trump
administration is fighting so hard and
that feels very affirming and positive
and supportive to me
you know I I think that being down there
we'll be doing some press I hopefully
will meet some other members of Congress
and be able to talk about the issues be
able to talk about the impact of the
1996 immigration laws which is what has
caused Harvey to be in this situation in
the first place and really hopefully get
an ear of some people before the actual
address the address itself I will be
doing some deep breathing exercises and
you know trying to listen as best I can
and to come out of there feeling somehow
at peace before Congress actually has to
tackle a legislation that right the
president has been requesting in terms
of the dreamers and what he calls chain
migration and it will be challenging for
me to listen to his positions on
immigration
I know that for sure now he's going to
be bringing I believe a family member
from Long Island who lost someone
because they were murdered by an
undocumented immigrant the others who
are going to be coming say sorry spinosa
who is a dreamer from Houston Texas will
be among those who are plus ones who are
guests of Congress members as well
Madame Mata via pondo will be coming
from Washington State all invited as a
legislative guests for this evening the
significance right now do you feel that
immigrant rights leaders are being
targeted I just came from Colorado where
I interviewed a mother a Mexican mother
had been in this country for well over
two decades named Sandra Lopez mother of
three
well her older kid is in college and she
has two little ones she is in sanctuary
in the Unitarian parsonage in Carbondale
Colorado right next to Aspen fearful
that she too could be deported and we're
seeing this there for people in Colorado
right now your organization Ravi just
put out a report saying more people are
in sanctuary in this country taking
refuge in churches then we have ever
seen
Alina well it's the eighties yeah it's
hard to ignore the pattern that's been
emerging over the last several weeks
when you look at not only Ravi's case
but the case of Gina on travel and
others who in just afforded to who just
deported to Haiti as President Trump
made those comments about Haiti
exactly and you see you see this kind of
this targeting of people who have been
outspoken about the need for justice in
our immigration system people who have
affiliated themselves with the sanctuary
movement it's hard to believe that there
isn't active targeting going on because
these are the same individuals who for
years have been living with us who have
often been engaged in open communication
with ice to try and fix policies at a
local and national level and now they
start to be targeted with no explanation
no no kind of judgment as to what has
changed that made them targets other
than the fact that they have been
effective in their work fighting against
the Trump administration and I think
that is something that should disturb
every American well we'll continue to
follow your case just one last quick
question Ravi how are you holding up one
day after another for checkin you go to
jail you're shackled you're released you
go back I ami said is take it one day at
a time you you just have to know you
have to put one foot in front of the
other and just hold on to that that
emotional turmoil that is that is surely
meeting me and lock it away I had I had
dr. Allen kala come up to visit me
on Sunday night and I'm saying you know
you're not gonna find any trauma but at
the end of the meeting it was evident
that there was a lot locked up what I
did do when I was detained as I realized
that I could use this opportunity to
help others in detention so I was
connecting them to the organizations the
lawyers the you know because that's
where you've always wanted to be and
will you continue organizing until
February 9th when you have to show up
again absolutely there's no other choice
this this this until we change this law
we have to want every change the premise
of this here that is permeating our
country we have to continue to organize
well Ravi robbed beer we want to thank
you for being with us for coming here
after being released just last night
ami Gottlieb for joining us Ravi's wife
and the growing rights attorney will be
attending the State of the Union address
tonight as a guest of Congress member of
velázquez and Alena das who code directs
the immigrants rights clinic at NYU
School of Law this is democracy now when
we come back in the last few days
two men taking their kids to school were
taken by ice a third went into sanctuary
in New Jersey as all of this was
happening we're going to speak
with his pastor stay with us
[Applause]
