I wanted to turn right now Reverend
barber to what you're dealing with in
North Carolina to look at how thousands
continue to evacuate North Carolina in
the wake of Hurricane Florence now a
tropical depression which has caused
record flooding since it made landfall
five days ago President Trump is
expected to visit your state is going to
North and South Carolina today the death
toll from the storm has risen to at
least 35 including three young children
and in as well in South Carolina two
women detainees drown in a sheriff's van
more than 10,000 people have already
fled to shelters nearly 400,000 or
without power in North Carolina on
Tuesday governor Roy Cooper said 16
rivers were major flood stage and three
more rivers could peak in coming days
massive industrial coal ash landfills
and pig and chicken farms have also been
engulfed by the floodwaters and millions
of chickens and pigs have drowned The
Associated Press reports at least 45
active farms are located in the flood
plain Crystal Coast water keeper Larry
Baldwin flew over eastern North Carolina
and described the damage to hog and
chicken farms we did see a couple
facilities today that were already in
serious trouble they were surrounded by
water their lagoons were surrounded by
water their spray fields were completely
covered up
you know the situation is not good but
it's not good today but it's likely to
get much worse throughout the rest of
the week as the waters start to get to
their their flood levels more than 1.4
million people in North Carolina are now
without functioning water systems and
even more have been ordered to boil
their water the areas devastated by
Hurricane Florence include some of the
poorest areas on the eastern seaboard
and some counties nearly one in three
people live below the poverty line for
more we continue to speak with Reverend
dr. William barber who's co-chair of the
Poor People's Campaign he's in Raleigh
North Carolina distinguished visiting
professor of public theology at Union
Theological Seminary former president of
North Carolina and double-a-c-p and
moral Mondays leader recently wrote a
piece for CNN headlined in hurricane
wind and waves the poor suffer most so
describe what's happening on the ground
dr. barber in your state well I'm
actually if you're right in Raleigh and
headed back to Goldsboro where my church
greenie Christian Church and also
repairs the breeze we're planning to
feed children who many of them are
missing meals because the schools are
closed because the rivers even in my
city have not crested yet and we don't
know that waiting what this flood will
cause and fearful it's over though
they're talking about 61 feet some 15 to
20 feet higher than it was when Mitchell
hurricane Mitchell came that gave us a
500 year flood across the state Amy
here's here's what we have to help
people to understand and Trump is coming
in Francis to visit today but his
policies that negative impact is a
policy visited on the more visited on
the poor and low well long before he
came we are in a state before the
hurricane poor people in love where
people had a storm
there are over 4.7 million residents in
North Carolina that are poor and low
wealth there are over a million people
in North Carolina before the storm that
did not have health care we the counties
that are being hit the hardest Amy are
tier 1 and tier 2 tier 1 is the mo
de-stress County terms of housing health
care in poverty and tier two is the next
level they are being hit the hardest in
North Carolina two million workers make
under $15 an hour and it would take a
person making $7 an hour
they'd have to work some 80 summer hours
just to afford a two-bedroom apartment
that's what existed before the hurricane
48 percent of people in North Carolina
are poor low income that's what existed
before the hurricane and we have an
extremist republican-led legislature
that refused to expand Medicaid which
meant five hundred thousand people in
our state could have health care right
now and they don't have it the
Republican Congress is talking about
cutting snap people need those food
stamps now more than ever after this
flood we've refused a living wage many
of the people who are flooded they work
all the jobs they're not getting paid
now when people they don't have the
resources when governor and other said
evacuate they couldn't evacuate because
they don't have the money we don't have
the cars they did not have the ability
and and and when you think about it
the state is now bringing federal money
the president will say he's gonna get
federal money but that this state has
refused federal money that would have
helped the poor prior to the storm so
that they would have buffers against the
storm so we have two hurricanes the
hurricane of poverty and lack of health
care and lack of living wages that
existed prior to the storm and then we
have the storm and now everything that
was already tough for people has been
exacerbated that's the story we must
keep our eyes on because some people are
looking at what happened on the coast we
actually dodged a bullet on the coast
but if you come inland now and see these
rivers that are where mostly the poor
live along these rivers and up in these
rural communities they are being
devastated and when you add to that last
lament the environmental devastation the
coal ash the the hog forms the bacteria
the poison that's being put
the water table and put in the river
this is a catastrophe a tremendous
catastrophe but some of it could be
could have been buffered could have been
made better if our state particularly
and people in Congress would help the
poor in advance of this storm would make
sure everybody has health care and
living wages and we had cleaned up these
coal ashes and we sold last ponds and we
stopped using fossil fuel if those kinds
of things would happen in advance of
storms there wouldn't be so much damage
to the poor and the least of these after
the storm hmm well speaking of poverty I
wanted to read a letter from a resident
of Edenton North Carolina who wrote to
the New York Times this week quote
unfortunately my family does not have
the resources to put gas in our vehicle
I myself came here to the city to care
for my father who was diagnosed with
cancer with next to nothing to my name
we have no way out so we're staying we
live together in a double-wide trailer
that's one letter and then I want to
turn to the small town of Princeville in
eastern North Carolina the first town
chartered by freed slaves in the United
States in 1885 originally known as
Freedom Hill sits on an unwanted
floodplain along the Tar River that's
flooded many times the town's website
notes quote flooding like the threat of
white supremacy has plagued Princeville
since its settlement major floods
occurred two years after the community's
founding and again in 1919 1924 1928
1940 and 58 the Army Corps of Engineers
eventually built a dike that helped
reduce the flooding but in 1999 heavy
rains from Hurricane Floyd submerge
parts of Princeville under 23 feet of
water for more than a week this is
principal resident Linda Worsley
speaking to the New York Times about how
she was displaced from her home by
flooding after Hurricane Matthew caused
widespread damage in the town in 2016 we
did have a dike buildup but the water
actually went around that I
and it came up behind my house and
destroyed everything then a lot of the
water also came up through the sewer
systems are you worried about whether or
not you'll be allowed to rebuild on this
yes I am trying to do everything I can
to make sure I'll still be able to stay
in the same land that my forefathers
bought so that we could have somewhere
to live you know so that clip from
Princeville a 2016 report talking about
the black community the first community
founded by freed slaves can you talk
more about this Reverend barber actually
did a rededication of that city this
past year and I know people there I live
not far from Princeville I live in
Eastern Africa line up raised in Eastern
North Carolina so this is my home that
I'm seeing constantly hit we we know
about what happened in Matthew in
Florida it literally devastate I think
something like a 15-foot wall of water
came through that area it actually set
the pews inside of churches all the way
up had them standing up inside of the
church the water was that powerful and
people lost their lives again but since
that flood it was after that that North
Carolina's extremist politician said we
don't need health care we don't need a
living wage we don't need to deal with
these environmental issues if anything
they deregulate it and and and here we
are again we're in a state where 56% of
the children aiming 1.3 million are poor
and low wealth 62% of people of color
2.3 million are poor and low wealth but
this is something people also don't know
the majority the poor people in our
Kitana white and even in Eastern North
Carolina Wow those counties are the
counties with the highest percentages of
African Americans the majority of the
people in those counties are white and
the majorities of the people who are
poor are white and so it's a race
question and a class question it's a
denial question it's a question that
after these storms normally happen
people go back to business as usual
and and all we get something like we see
the extremism of Trump where you deny
the things that people need then when
the storm hits you come in and you visit
and act as though your concern but your
policies prior to the storms created
problems for the people in a way that
they wouldn't have some of those these
problems they have now if you hadn't
been so vicious and so mean and so
regressive in your policies when the
days were sunny we're gonna have to
learn how to do this better people are
suffering people are afraid all over
Eastern North Carolina and and think
about this Amy this is the only glimmer
of sunshine in the midst of this this is
what a category one and a tropical storm
has done it was it was that they thought
it would be a category of four or three
if it had been a category three or four
it is unimaginable what the pain and the
travesty would be what the poisoning
till the environment would be what the
need for health care would be imagine
that people that are getting sick that
could have health care don't have it how
they gonna be treated you know homes as
you said you talked about a lady living
in a mobile home there's so many mobile
homes we could do so much better with
affordable housing in these areas but
that's not the case people some people
may be off work two and three weeks they
already were in a position before the
storm where if they missed one day they
might not be able to pay their rent or
afford their medicine or feed their
families we have to talk about the
political and social storms that
exacerbate the natural stones when they
do happen
just last month former Vice President Al
Gore visited you in North Carolina and
you went on a tour of the coal impacted
communities Gore speaking here in front
of the smokestacks of Duke Energy's
Belews Creek steam station which runs on
coal I want to draw connect
Shen's between Blues Lake and the coal
ash pollution and the gaseous pollution
that is threatening to make of our
entire planet the kind of mess that
they've made here we had to stop for on
the way over here for actually we didn't
stop but we saw going beside us all
these train cars full of coal on a peak
day this plant over here
burns 220 rail cars verse of full of
coal and what is left over when they
burn it is this toxic coal ash now if
you had a all these millions of tons of
a toxic substance and you just dug a raw
gash in the ground and dumped it in
there you would be behaving recklessly
that's right that's what they're doing
this is a crime scene
so that's Vice President Al Gore
speaking outside the Duke Energy plant
with you Reverend barber Duke Energy
that was before the storm Duke Energy
now says at least 2,000 cubic yards of
coal ash were released amidst tropical
depression Florence's massive flooding
in North Carolina enough ash to fill
something like a hundred eighty dump
trucks as we wrap up what this means and
and then one of those areas is in
goldsburg in the Neuse River is one of
the sites that was already leaking that
people have been fighting and they tell
us all the time the coal ash is not
paused and we said well then why isn't
in the rich come in and why isn't in the
communities of the politician it is
poisoned it is dangerous it was already
leaking it was already broken it was
already messed up
the storm has exacerbated this and it
did not have to be this way they Duke
the very company that's now having to
send people out to help turn on power
it's the same company that has
negatively impacted poor communities by
placing all of these coal ash
ponds and coal ash sites in and around
poor communities in and around sources
of water it is something as a form of
hypocrisy on one hand they said we want
to help you after the storm but then
when would but before the storm we
engaged in policies that continually
hurt and harm the poor the low wealth
and the least of us well we want to
thank you so much Reverend dr. William
Barbour and also of course with
President Trump coming to the Carolinas
today he proudly denies climate change
calls it a Chinese hoax in the last 10
seconds what would you say to him about
this I was sitting with my son who is an
environmentalist lawyer and lawyer and
also an environmentalist physicist
because of the warming and it's messing
up the jet streams therefore what you
have is this here erratic hurricanes
they twist and turn and stop and move
and that means they dump more water that
means they hold more water that means
they're more powerful anybody who denies
climate change is a fool in this and and
and it is foolish to do it because your
denial of climate change your denial of
health care your denial of living wages
your denial of environmental protection
devastates the poor before storms ever
come and then there is an additional
devastation on top of it we want to
thank you so much Reverend dr. William
Barbour co-chair in the Poor People's
Campaign joining us from Raleigh North
Carolina will link to your piece at CNN
and hurricane wind and waves the poor
suffer most and interesting you talked
about your son as Vice President Al Gore
brought his daughter Karina a well-known
environmentalist also at Union
Theological this is democracy now when
we come back the Trump administration
placing the most severe cap on refugees
in history stay with us
you
