this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and off Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
on on Monday used his first major policy
address to threaten Iran with quote the
strongest sanctions in history
Pompeyo presented a list of 12 basic
requirements for a new nuclear treaty
with Iran including unqualified access
to all nuclear sites and an end to its
interventions in Yemen this comes just
under two weeks after the Trump
administration withdrew the United
States from the Iran nuclear deal
Pompeyo delivered his speech at the
Heritage Foundation we will apply
unprecedented financial pressure on the
Iranian regime the leaders in Tehran
will have no doubt about our seriousness
thanks to our colleagues at the
Department of Treasury sanctions are
going back in full effect and new ones
are coming
last week we imposed sanctions on the
head of Iran's central bank and other
entities that were funneling money to
the IRGC goods force they were also
providing money to Hezbollah and other
terrorist organizations the Iranian
regime should know that this is just the
beginning this sting of sanctions will
be painful through Jim does not change
its course from the unacceptable and
unproductive path that is chosen to one
that rejoins the League of Nations
these will indeed end up being the
strongest sanctions in history when we
are complete the regime has been
fighting all over the Middle East for
years after our sanctions come enforce
it will be battling to keep its economic
economy alive
Pompeyo also warned European companies
to not expect concessions from newly
reinstated sanctions this comes as
French President Emmanuel macron is
visiting Russia and is due to hold
direct talks Thursday with President
Vladimir Putin on Iran and Syria last
week the French oil company total
announced it is canceling its plant
contracts with Iran following the u.s.
decision to pull out of the nuclear
agreement on Monday turkish president
air duan criticized the u.s. withdrawal
from the
nuclear deal with Iran if we are to be
fair to show a just approach than the
countries with nuclear weapons which
portray nuclear power stations as
threats have no credibility in the
international community as Turkey we do
not accept reigniting issues including
the Iran nuclear deal that have already
been put to bed we find the other
signatories stating their loyalty to the
agreement in the face of the u.s.
administration's decision
very positive Remora were joined in
washington DC by treat a Parsi founder
impressive the National Iranian American
Council
his most recent book losing an enemy
Obama Iran and the triumph of diplomacy
also author of a single roll of the dice
Obama's diplomacy with Iran treati what
about this language of Mike Pompeo the
new Secretary of State I think you made
it quite clear that the administration
is not looking to get back to the
negotiating table what they're doing is
that they're putting together a strategy
that is based on maximum pressure
economic warfare combined with
completely unattainable objectives
demands that have a proven track record
of not being able to be met if you
combine this type of pressure with these
type of unattainable demands what you
are putting in place is a strategy to
get yourself into a confrontation and
and what about that confrontation to use
do you do you get a sense that the
United States really is go Igor to begin
a military confrontation with Iran
remember John Bolton is the national
security adviser he is on track record
for the last 15 years arguing for war
with Iran and folks that I've spoke to
that have access to the administration
has made it very clear ever since he got
back into the administration the plans
have really sped up just look at how
fast Pompeo is moving from taking office
as Secretary of State and moving to get
out of the nuclear deal and then putting
forward this plan that in reality has
been correctly perceived by many
different commentators as something that
is aimed
getting the United States into a
confrontation with Iran now let's turn
to Vice President Mike Pence who spoke
on Fox News Monday about a new Iranian
nuclear deal we're calling on our allies
across Europe to join with us in a
negotiation over a new agreement that
will take into account permanently
banning nuclear weapons that deals with
Iran's influence in places like Yemen
and of course Syria deals with ballistic
missiles and and ultimately will will
put limitations and restrictions on Iran
should they continue their malign
activities in support of terrorism and
violence across the region so that's
Vice President Mike Pence speaking on
Fox News treati Parsi can you talk about
what he's saying and also how much of
this do you think is linked to happening
Liz linked to what's happening with
North Korea well if we first take a look
at what Mike Pence was saying there
again going forward with these demands
such as the demand that the Iranians
have to completely give up enrichment
this is something that bush
administration tried for eight years and
it got absolutely nowhere when the
Iranians made an offer for negotiations
with the Bush administration which Bush
rejected the Iranians had roughly 150
260 centrifuge by the time Bush left
office Iran had 8,000 centrifuge that's
the track record of pushing a completely
unattainable objective of zero and
Richmond same thing continued during the
Obama administration by the time Obama
finally managed to get to the
negotiating table and get an interim
deal the Iranians at 22,000 centrifuge
so the idea of pushing for zero and
Richmond has already been proven over
and over again that it is unattainable
no one in Europe believes in it any
longer and that's why they're committed
to this nuclear deal in which instead of
going for zero they're making sure that
the Iranians cannot get to a nuclear
weapon so for Mike Pence and this
administration could go back to demands
that have been proven to be unattainable
is correctly perceived by almost
everyone as an attempt of getting this
into a confrontation instead so
what has been their response inside of
Iran to Pompeo speech and and the
administration policy given the fact
that president Hassan rouhani himself
has to deal with hardliners within his
own government who might welcome a
greater confrontation this has been very
problematic for the rouhani government
because they put almost all of their
eggs in the basket of getting securing a
nuclear deal and then opening up to west
and after having done that and having
lived up to the agreement ten IEA
reports that are certifying that the
Iranians have lived up to the agreement
this is what they're getting so you can
imagine how this has been weakening of
the moderate forces inside inside of the
Iranian government and what I'm afraid
of is that this is leaving the Iranians
in a position in which either they have
to make sure that the Europeans stay in
the agreement so that there is a split
in the West so that the pressure of the
United States is putting on the Iranians
cannot really be that strong and if they
fail that my big fear is that the
Iranians are going to conclude looking
at North Korea that their only chance of
being able to be safe from this type of
pressure and this type of effort to
start a war by the Trump administration
it's for them to actually rush towards a
nuclear weapon
following Pam Payeur speech the Iranian
Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif
took to Twitter he wrote US diplomacy
sham is merely a regression to old
habits imprisoned by delusions and
failed policies dictated by corrupt
special interest it repeats the same
wrong choices and will less reap the
same ill rewards Iran meanwhile is
working with partners for post u.s.
jcpoa solutions so who is Iran working
with now what does it mean inside and
the internal divisions in Iran and
outside with places well with Europe for
example and European companies so
negotiations are on the way with the
Europeans do Europeans are very eager to
make sure that this the jcpoa survives
even without the United States that is a
Herculean task though because at the end
of the day if the United States starts
sanctioning European companies it's
going to be very difficult for those
company
to be able to stay in the Iranian market
and provide the Iranians with the
economic benefits that they were
promised as part of this deal but I
think what Pompeyo and Bolton have made
now has actually made the choice for the
international community much much easier
and much clearer than it was just a
couple of weeks ago because now it's
quite clear either you collaborate with
the Trump administration and go along
with these sanctions and and walk away
from this nuclear deal and by that you
are hastening your speeding up this
march towards war or you resist the
Trump administration and by that you're
giving peace a chance what a shoe in his
laundry list of 12 demands one of one of
the things my pal
mentioned was Iran's expanding influence
in support of what they the united
states called terrorist groups around
the region but isn't it a fact that
Iran's influence in the region has grown
almost as a direct result of foreign
interventions in places like Syria Iraq
and Yemen even and and starting with
Iraq as you mentioned it's the mistake
of the Bush administration itself of
going into Saddam failing abysmally that
really opened up the way for the
Iranians to be able to expand their
influence in the region and similar as
you mentioned many of these other
interventions that have taken place
throughout the region by the West have
opened up a door for the Iranians who
are much more opportunistic than
strategic to be able to expand their
influence but when we see those demands
I think it's quite clear you see the
fingerprints of the Saudis and the UAE
who are very eager to get the United
States to essentially start a war with
Iran in order to push back Iran and
shift the balance of power back to a
place pre 2003 in which it was much more
favorable toward Saudi Arabia and the
UAE it is not a demand that is based on
any significant u.s. national interests
it's a demand that is coming from some
of these states who know themselves that
they don't have the capacity of being
able to compete with Iran but they have
the capacity if they can convince the
United States to fight wars for them you
know this is interesting and it blends
with what's happening now the
investigation in Washington treaty trade
with the New York Times reporting three
months before the 2016 election Donald
Trump jr. held a secret meeting with an
Israeli man specializing in social media
manipulation and with Jorge Nader an
emissary representing the princes of
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates and also met with another
prince that's Eric Prince can you talk
about what that means what it means I
think is that there is so much going on
in the background that needs to be
investigated this may be much much
bigger than anything the Russians have
done because what you see clearly is
that these small countries are in the
Persian Gulf for trying to do everything
they can to manipulate the United States
in order to get the u.s. to go back
towards as strong hegemonic military
position in the region a position that
the Obama administration was trying to
walk away from the Obama administration
believed that the USS footprints in the
Middle East were too strong and that it
needed to lessen those footprints and
shift its focus towards Asia if you're
sitting in Saudi Arabia that's a
disaster you want the United States to
be there as a military hegemony in order
to balance and corner all of your
adversaries and competitors from a Saudi
perspective from a UAE perspective that
makes sense the question the American
people have to ask themselves is does
this make sense from an American
perspective does the United States wants
to use all of its resources to be able
to fight wars and battles for Saudi
Arabia and the UAE or doesn't want to
actually pursue its own interest and I
want to ask you also about the role of
El Israel clearly of Israel was not
mentioned in these in these r12 demands
of Pompey Oz but most people believe
that Syria will likely be the flashpoint
first between Iran and Israel where the
United States could have an excuse to
get more involved militarily directly
your thoughts on that it is one of the
most likely flashpoints right now to
start a war I think the Trump
administration knowing very well that
much of its own base is not particularly
eager to start new wars and they're
certainly not in favor of any Wars of
choice that for them to be able to get
people on board is to present this as a
defensive war and you can do that by
first instigating a problem in the
region in which the Iranians then
retaliate against these Israeli strikes
and then suddenly you're rushed into a
war that you didn't started essentially
so I think what we're seeing happening
in between Syria and Israel is either an
effort by the Israelis to try to
establish new boundaries between Iran
and Israel and new rules of engagement
or it is actually an effort to be able
to instigate a much larger war that
would suck in the United States so treat
a Parsi where do you see this going from
here we're speaking on the day that
President Trump is meeting with
president moon of South Korea the summit
with North Korea very much imperiled
looks like at this point with the
fiercest opposition being expressed to
Iran right now and the whole discussion
of North Korea could if it doesn't you
know sort of go along with the plan
could be follow the Libya model I think
if you're in North Korea right now
you're seeing what Trump has done to the
Iran deal whether you're still eager to
strike a deal with the u.s. or not and I
think one of the key things in North
Korea and once they just want that
recognition which they will get which
they essentially have already gotten by
having Pompeo fly out there but
nevertheless the cost of a deal is going
to significantly increase precisely
because of what Trump has done with the
Iran deal but on the other hand the way
this is affecting the Iranians are also
very very important I go back to what I
said earlier on the Iranians unlike the
North Koreans did not have nuclear
weapons they did not have ballistic
missiles that had the capacity of
striking the American homeland the North
Koreans had all of those things and
Trump is eager to strike a deal with the
North Koreans while he is killing the
functioning deal that existed with Iran
the impression the conclusion people in
Tehran may draw from this is that their
mistake was that they only had in
and that they didn't have a nuclear bomb
and if there's going to be a second
negotiation and the u.s. is gonna try to
build up its leverage prior to that
negotiation if we just accept that
premise for a second well what are the
Iranians gonna think well most likely
they're gonna draw the same conclusion
and they're gonna say well for the next
negotiation Iran is also gonna have more
leverage and this time around it's gonna
go for a nuclear weapon because that
seems to be the only way you can get the
Trump administration to show you respect
and honor to deal with you
treated Parsee want to thank you for
being with us founder and president
National Iranian American Council when
we come back a discussion of the Royal
Wedding many were shocked by the
celebration of black British and black
American culture others demanding the
monarchy be abolished we'll talk about
what's happening in Britain today stay
with us
