this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world turkish President Recep Tayyip
Erdogan has directly accused Saudi
Arabia of the premeditated murder of
Saudi journalist Jamaica Shoshi a show
she was last seen alive entering this
Saudi consulate in Istanbul and Turkey
on tooth on October 2nd her toe Annan
said a team of Saudi officials at
planker show she's murder days in
advance during a speech before the
Turkish Parliament earlier on call for
the Saudi suspects to be tried in Turkey
order its gun the information and the
evidence that we have so far collected
indicate that jamal Khashoggi was slain
in a vicious violent murder whitewashing
such barbarity will of course injured
and bones the conscience of all humanity
and we are of course talking forward to
the same sensitivity being demonstrated
by the administration of Saudi Arabia
and all other parties to this affair
dear friends the Saudi Arabian
administration took an important step by
acknowledging and admitting the murder
and now our expectation from them going
forward is that all those responsible
from the highest degree Thais level to
the lowest level will be highlighted
will be brought to justice and will get
the punishment they deserve and there
are indeed strong signs that the
incident was not a momentary issue or a
momentary result of something that
erupted on-site but rather the result of
a plant operation turkish President
Erdogan remarks directly contradict
Saudi Arabia's claimed that khashoggi
G's died after a fight in the consulate
Turkish officials have claimed that
audio and video recordings show Saudi
officials used a bone saw to dismember
his body but her Diwan made no mention
to the no mention of the audio and video
recordings of the killing fallout from
the murder of Jamaica so she's still
being felt across the globe on Sunday
Germany announced it would halt an arms
deal to Saudi Arabia
Britain Germany and France have also
joined together to demand Saudi Arabia
explained exactly what happened
meanwhile the Trump administration's
rejecting calls by human rights groups
to cut off US arms sales to Saudi Arabia
on Monday Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin met with the Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman inbreed Saudi Arabia
this comes as CIA director Gina Haspel
is now in Turkey as part of the US
government's investigation into cochise
death we turned out to the journalist
and author rulership Riehl she's in Rome
Italy she conducted one of the last
known interviews with Jamal khashoggi
her new cover story for Newsweek is
headlined Jamil khashoggi secret
interview the Saudi journalist views of
Islam America and the reformist Prince
implicated in his murder rule is real
welcome back to Democracy Now why don't
you begin by first describing your
response to what is known at this point
about what happened to the Washington
Post columnist Jamel Khashoggi and then
the circumstances under which you talked
to him and what he said to you what
happened to Jamal is a barbaric evil act
of terrorism by planted orchestrated by
a regime that wanted to silence him they
saw him as a traitor they saw him as a
slave as they see all their citizens
Mohammed bin Salman the crown prince 3
they're his own citizens as if they're
his subjects that he can do whatever he
wants he can take their lives and around
him there is advisor who've been
actually very vocal about reactivating
an assassination plan to go after not
only Jamal but every critic of this
crown prince
this crown prince
felt that Jamal betrayed the royal
family because Jamal actually advised
and word for the royal family for many
years and then was banned from tweeting
or writing last year so Jamal decided to
leave the country because he really
thought that they were going to go after
him as they did with many other
intellectuals critics journalists
lawyers human rights activists so he
left the country and he came to America
so he could his word and his writing can
continue and he could continue to be the
intellectual that he is in America he
thought that he was safe however he felt
that he was being pressured between now
and then he received in March last year
a letter from a Saudi prince whose
telling him come back come back
actually he published that letter and
that Saudi prince was arrested and
probably beaten up and tortured that's
Alwaleed bin Talal he was telling Jamal
come back built together with us this
fourth Saudi state this crown prince is
a reformer within 24 hours this same man
was arrested and Jamal tweeted saying if
a prince can pay 1 billion dollars to be
released from jail
how much money any prisoner of
conscience any critic need to pay for
this crown prince to be released from
jail and I think it was a moment when
the Crown Prince came to America and
wanted to appeal to the American elite
and the media especially in Silicon
Valley and Hollywood and he wanted to
dine on wine with them and many fell for
his charade and this is when Jamal
criticism became even much more
important
I interviewed Jamal because I did a
cover story in September this year about
Mohammed bin Salman we were trying to
expose the true face and show America
the American audience and specially
lawmakers who were celebrating this man
and sixty-minute did this huge reportage
about this crown prince and they even
went as far as saying that he is the new
face and he's a reformer calling him a
reformer is like calling David do
civil rights activists it's it's
preposterous it's outrageous so I did
this cover story I interviewed Joanna
for one hour and we talked about
everything and jamol I remember we were
both shaken by the fact that this Crown
Prince went as far as kidnapping a prime
minister of Lebanon Saad Hariri he lured
him in he summoned him and then
kidnapped him and arrested him and
forced him to resign and it was an
attempt to trade their reaction by the
Lebanese so he can use the Lebanese
reaction Hezbollah reaction to go into
war against Iran Jamal said in that
interview that he gave me he said our
only hope is the international community
our only hope to save the Saudis and
people like not only the Saudis the
region from this reckless prince is the
international community my feeling that
from his grave now that they found the
body it seems like they found his
remains today in Turkey from his grave
he's calling on all of us to bring
justice to Jamal but also some kind of
process where there's accountability for
these barbaric acts religion rug you've
also said though that in in your
interview with Jamal that he insists
that he was not part of an opposition
but he was really had still had hope
that the Saudi regime could be reformed
could you talk about that further look
he didn't think the reforms are
connected to one man he didn't believe
in Hamad bin Salman was really serious
of other reforms we discussed largely
that there were forms where the
byproduct of PR campaign written for the
Saudi Crown Prince by Cambridge
analytical as it was confirmed by many
publications
he understood the limits of Mohammed
Mohammed bin Salman was doing because
his lofty words to the West were so
different from his deeds in Yemen in in
in Saudi Arabia and against the Qataris
against the Lebanese against the whole
region so but he Jamal believed like the
rest of
the Arab world and many intellectual
there he believed in the promise of the
Arab Spring he believed that we deserve
democracy we deserve social justice we
deserve dignity he even wrote in a tweet
we deserve better as Saudis and today we
have Germany leading the effort we had
macron and France leading the effort to
hold this Saudi regime to account and
we're relying on air dugong president
Erdogan so he could release the tape
because the only way the spin from this
White House from Donald Trump and his
minutia and all of these guys and
especially Kushner who leaked
information to the Saudi Crown Prince
and gave him Intel from the CIA and he
the Saudi Crown Prince bragged about it
and used it to arrest and purge all of
his political opponents so they are
complicit in the cover-up and in
building and in enabling this crown
prince the only hope the Saudis and all
of us as intellectuals and journalists
who came from a little East who cover
the Middle East and actually expose
these tyrants is that the international
community somehow there's a mechanism of
protection for journalists I will be at
the European Parliament very soon for a
hearing about the murder of Jamal
khashoggi but also about the Saudis and
their behaviors in this reckless Crown
Prince and what the Europeans are trying
to do to bring the Magnitsky acts from
America and impose sanctions on the
Saudis on all of the Saudis who
committed this crime but above all who
ordered them to commit this crime I'm
looking at various news reports
something you just referenced Rula
breaking in Haaretz and also in Sky News
the remains of dissident Saudi
journalist Jamal khashoggi have been
found in the garden of the Saudi Consul
generals home this again according to
reports by Sky News according to the
reports sources suggest khashoggi had
been cut up and his face disfigured
Rula I want to go to a part of the
interview you did with Jamal khashoggi
he's talking about the Saudi Crown
it's Mohammed bin Salman the deep inside
him is an old-fashioned tribal leader
Mohammed bin Salman didn't see that but
at the port because it was limited that
it doesn't see there's a need for that
so sometime I feel that he will they
want to enjoy the fruit of both world
modernity and Silicon Valley and cinemas
the pivoting at the same time they want
also to lose yeah that doesn't work you
can have it both ways can you have it
both ways can you call yourself can you
there is no political movement in Saudi
Arabia that could pressure him number
one and the world is so that is Jamal
khashoggi
talking to our guest Rula gibreel and
saying who is putting pressure on
Mohammed bin Salman do you see anybody
in America except for Bernie seer Bernie
Sanders who's calling for putting
pressure on MBS I only saw Bernie
Sanders but no one else he said Rula
again say when this was and your
decision at the time not to release this
interview but why you've changed your
mind
yes exactly like I wrote in the cover
for Newsweek in September it was only
Bernie Sanders who really believes in
humanity legality morality and combining
our policies and and with all of these
values that America has been you know
calling for and exporting supposedly
around the world however it was clear
while Mohammed bin Salman the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia was decimating
his neighboring country Yemen was
bumping people to oblivion was throwing
bombs on school buses where children
were being torn torn and killed and he
was serving an entire an entire nation
to death nobody reacted because it was
all about the dollars it was all about
selling weapons and probably four
trumpets about selling apartments and
real estate to the Saudis let's remember
that they there's a huge conflict of
interest this is the most naked ly
corrupt administration they really don't
care about human rights and at least
with other administration they were
hypocritical about it but there is
moments where they would help selling of
weapons to the Saudi especially when
they committed atrocities in Yemen and
elsewhere now we know the Saudis are
partnering with al Qaeda and America is
there air force the air force of al
Qaeda in Yemen is American pilots it's
and nobody is reacting to this what we
saw with Jamal is a new I think a new
level of depravity a variety of this
crown prince I mean to think that he's
using the house of a council General of
his own country to bury pieces of the
body of a kind gracious man who wanted
nothing except reform in his own
countries he wanted his people to live
as dignified human being not as slave
and he even wish ham had been so meant
to succeed in my interview I went as far
and I and I told you mal
even privately and during that interview
said you would be a perfect adviser to
this crown prince and he said and that
was his answer and I quote him that he
would do it because he wants his country
to succeed that that's the only home he
loved and he cared about and he felt
deeply committed to the Saudi to the
Saudi people especially poor and humble
people but also to his country that's
the only place where really he was
craving to go back and live under
different circumstances I didn't publish
that interview at the time because when
we were talking of the record I sensed
that he feared for his life it the
attempts to lure him in was not the
first attempt to lure him in the embassy
he met with diplomats and the news came
out recently in Washington DC and they
were all trying to be very kind to him
and very gracious and they were all
inviting him to go back I think Jermel
never trusted them but I think he fell
in love and he really wanted to get
married and he never in his wildest
dream thought he will go and that the
crown prince will send 15 people very
close to him and murder him inside a
consulate on foreign soil
I think this level of truly atrocity we
never seen anything like this before
the fact that he that was a rogue of her
operation this is the worst spin I ever
heard in my life you don't send somebody
with a bone so to cut people in pieces
and then you pretend oh there is and
then you come out with this fabricated
story that it was a fistfight Jomon is a
man in his 60s
these were 15 men there's no way he
resisted them Jamel was the most kind
humble then the most nonviolent person I
ever met in my life rule aware that
these we're gonna graze went after him
we're gonna break and then come back to
this discussion and among those 15
people
it's believed was a body double who came
out of the consulate wearing
it looks like at this point jamoke Ashok
sees clothes not clear why the Saudi
West Saudi Arabia didn't continue with
that story the idea that he walked out
of the embassy which they did first
float but then quickly backed off on as
his fiance as you were describing his
Turkish fiance was outside hour after
hour after hour outside the consulate
waiting for her partner to come out
rulers Abril is journalist author
foreign policy analyst her new cover
story for Newsweek Jamal khashoggi she's
Secret interview the Saudi journalist
views of Islam America and the reformist
prints implicated in the murder we have
just learned at least according to Sky
News that jamoke Ashok Xi's body parts
have been found buried in the
consul-general lawn in Istanbul Turkey
that consul-general residence right next
to the the consulate where jamoke
Ashok's she walked in October 2nd and
never came out again I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez one religion I wanted
to ask you in terms of you had mentioned
earlier that you're going to be speaking
to the to the European Parliament what
are you hoping to to appeal to the
countries of Europe to do in this
situation given the fact that the Trump
administration and the United States
keeps equivocating and and buying the
stories of the of the Saudi regime in
one way or another I will use Jamal
words again
I was hoping against hope that I would
never have to public this interview with
Jamal I was hoping to go to his wedding
I was hoping to celebrate his life and
the many writings then when I saw the
cover story and the lies a lie after lie
I said they were putting a lie and
seeing how the public would react to it
and then they put another lie another
deflection another fabrication and when
I saw that president Trump which I have
no faith in in a man who will always put
his
his business and the cash flow coming
from the Saudis that will for him will
trump any human rights any morality or
any legality I will use Jamel words our
only hope that the international
community moral leaders like Angela
Merkel and president McCrone and others
would demand from the Saudis and a
process where there's accountability and
there's justice for Jamel his life
should not be in vain should not and we
should understand that if we if if Hamid
bin Salman will get away with this
murder as he hoped for this will be only
the first of many murders because he
will go after everybody he's testing the
water he's trying to see he actually
tested the water with Yemen then with
with Qatar then with Prime Minister
Rafik Hariri when he kidnapped him and
now he's testing the water outside of
his country and his region now he's
sending a signal to every critic they
wanted this operation to come out they
wanted people to talk about it they want
to everybody to be scared to speak up
against this crown prince our answer to
this crown prince that we demand justice
for Jamel that we demand we deserve
better than a leadership in America that
relinquish is moral authority and it's
leadership because of Trump Towers and
Trump apartments and weapons we really
as Americans deserve better and that's
why the midterm elections so important
and I'm talking to their pin
Parliament's and they're hosting
hearings after hearings because I have
no faith even in Congress I have no
faith that Congress will stand up for
what's right because what they did so
far when they so that they have to
choose there will always back president
Trump whatever he do he will do
rulers reallocates was against Iran we
would be bumping Iranians I want to go
to Jared Kushner you mentioned him early
the president's son-in-law and senior
advisor very close to Mohammed bin
Salman he was speaking with Van Jones on
CNN what kind of advice would be given
MBS
in this whole situation just to be
transparent to be fully transparent
though the world is watching this is a
very very serious accusation in a very
serious situation and to make sure
you're you're transparent and to and to
take this very seriously we have to be
transparent this must be taken very
seriously
he said rulers Abril that relationship
what and what it means well the fact
that we don't have I don't think he
wants transparency and first of all that
interview is was a disappointment Van
Jones and who a man who I that I admire
actually and respect could have pushed
harder people like Jamal risk their
lives in daily basis to expose these
dictators and tyrants Van Jones wanted
access and that interview was about
access and its will it's a lost
opportunity however what what our crown
prince in America and America's ruling
families saying is we want transparency
