[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue our
conversation with Rebecca Skloot the
author of the best-selling book The
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks we're
doing the story today because this week
Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore
Maryland has just named a building after
Henrietta Lacks she they were there with
the lacs family members of the lacs
family and today we're gonna talk about
a woman who you may have never heard of
or maybe you've just heard about her
name because this book has been on the
bestseller lists for so many years The
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Rebecca
it's great to have you stay with us can
you talk about how you discovered this
story yeah I learned about the cells
when I was 16 in a basic biology class
most people do my teacher you know we
talked about the HeLa cells and all the
amazing things they've done for science
and then he happened to know her name
most people actually at that point in
time knew her as Helen Lane which was a
fake name basically that was put out
connected to the cells and he wrote
Henrietta Lacks on the board in big
letters and just said she was a black
woman and that was it and I went up to
him after class and I was like what else
do we know about her and she have any
kids and what do they think about all
this and he just said sorry no one knows
anything and I just became obsessed with
this question of who this woman was and
what we can do what happened and why we
didn't know it seemed so you were in
high spin conceivable to me I was I was
in high school at the time and then I
didn't I didn't actually become a writer
until much much later and it was
actually the first story I ever wrote in
a an undergraduate elective writing
class was about her and the fact that I
was sort of obsessed with this question
and and it just stuck with me ever since
so talk about how you reached out to the
family so you have almost no resume here
on writing when you reach out to them
and you have to convince them what that
you were writing an article or that you
were going to write a book on their
grandmother yeah yeah and
I did and I was at that point I thought
I thought I was writing a book really
about Henrietta and her cells I had no
idea what had happened her family and
you know and yeah I called I tracked
down her her children and I talked to
her husband and called her daughter
Debra and Debra was so excited to talk
to me and she kept saying oh well this
is the amazing because then people would
learn who my mother was and what she did
for science but then she said you know
but how do I know you're really a writer
and you're not just pretending to be one
to steal my cells and I was like what
and that was the first kind of hint that
wait a minute something happened to this
family why would anyone think that I
would be pretending to be a journalist
and you know and then it took about a
year to convince her to talk to me for a
lot of good reasons you know there a lot
of people had come along wanting
something from the lacs family at that
point connected to the cells
particularly white people and it had
never worked out well for them and so it
took a long time for me to win her trust
and sort of get her to go on this
journey with me which she wanted to do
but was sort of afraid to do well talk
about the history of medical
experimentation and the black community
for example and yeah you had to do a lot
of work and research for your remarkable
book The Immortal Life of Henrietta
Lacks for example the text the Tuskegee
Experiment yeah there's there's a long
history of black people being used in
research without their consent in this
country
and one of the most famous examples of
that is the Tuskegee syphilis studies
though it had been happening I mean in
the slavery era you know and Beyond and
the Tuskegee studies were sort of one of
the most unethical things I think that's
probably happened in science in the
United States the hundreds of black men
were essentially studied they had
syphilis and they were studying to watch
how syphilis killed you from infection
to death and they weren't offered
treatment even when treatment was
available so at a certain point you
could have cured this with antibiotics
and they weren't given the option and
didn't know that they were part of this
experiment and so it wasn't and it was
at the end of that there was actually
you know a lot of press surrounding that
and it did a tremendous amount of damage
to trust within sort of you know black
communities when it comes to science and
medical you know getting
care so that's just one in a long line
of sort of stories in history and
Henrietta's story has you know has been
that within certain areas where people
know about her like in East Baltimore
around Hopkins it's sort of been oral
history passed through black communities
as part of why it's hard to trust
science to take us back to the early
1950s take us back to Henrietta Lacks
feeling sick and going to the doctor
yeah so Henrietta one of the most
amazing things to me about this moment
is that Henry had actually knew there
was something wrong she just sort of
sensed it and she actually found this
tumor herself on write on the outside of
her cervix and went to went to Hopkins
and just sort of went in and said I have
this lump and I you need to it needs to
be looked at and in that moment you know
this she went to Hopkins because it was
the only place where she could go as a
black woman this was the era of
segregation so there was colored wards
and you know the white wards and
hospitals and most places wouldn't
actually didn't have a colored ward so
she couldn't even go and the thinking at
the time was sort of you know the people
who ended up in what they referred to as
the public Ward were either black or
they were poor and they couldn't afford
care and the thinking was well we're
giving you free medical care as payment
we get to do whatever we want with you
essentially and so there was a lot of
research that was conducted in these
wards that people didn't know about at
the time and so Henrietta showed up they
she ended up going under anaesthetic to
get this biopsy of her cervix and that's
when the doctor just took a little extra
piece and put that in a dish and sent it
to George guy who was you know the head
of tissue culture research and had been
trying to grow cells for decades and
what happened then and he never died
yeah so her cells and most I've been
able to keep cells alive
pardon oh well so they've been able to
keep cells alive for maybe 24 hours in
the in the past but hers just not only
did they not die but they began doubling
their numbers every 24 hours so they
just grew with this incredible intensity
that no one had ever seen before and
then immediately George guy started
telling other scientists who'd been
trying to grow cells and they all said
can we have some and he
give them to them and they pretty
quickly spread around the world this way
all while they were actually spreading
and Henry at his body at the same time
and she died a very very quickly after
why didn't the cells die this is a
question that hasn't been asked many
times and for up until very recently the
answer was we didn't really know they
thought maybe it was because she
actually had syphilis and that can cause
cancer to grow more rapidly so there
were sort of questions about whether
that was the cause but earlier in the
segment we talked about the fact that
the HeLa genome had been sequenced and
posted online one of the things that
came from that is that we that
scientists were able to identify why her
cells grew so fast finally which is that
she had the HPV virus which is very
common sexually transmitted disease and
the way HPV causes cancer is it inserts
itself into your genome which is you
know three billion letters that sort of
make up the alphabet of all your genes
and it's pretty random where it lands
and inserts itself and it sort of
scrambles your genes a bit and depending
on where it lands it can cause cancer or
not and of the three billion places
where her that virus could have landed
in her genome it happened to land sort
of on one of the most aggressive tumor
genes that it could have so it just
turned on her cancer in this almost like
hyperspeed way and it was literally a
one in three billion chance that it
would have happened in that way so that
is now what we know and it was from this
genome that we got that information so
who is Helen Lane nobody
so Helen Lane was a made-up name so in
the 50s when the cells grew they started
you know concluding the science
immediately and the media got interested
and a reporter went to Johns Hopkins and
George guy and said he wanted to write
about this woman you know who did the
cells came from and Hopkins at that
point said maybe not a good idea to
release her name you know there weren't
the same privacy laws then but you know
I think they were there were questions
about protecting her privacy and also
about you know no one no one knew about
the cells the family didn't know and so
they released this name Helen Lane or
someone did connected to Hopkins
and then it there was a lot of Mythology
around that there was a while where
people thought it was Hedy Lamarr and
basically anyone whose name was H ela
who isn't any Valliere interest on the
science herself that's interesting yeah
yeah which is I love that part of it but
Helen Lane stuck and the story was that
she was a white woman that was off in
the story that got that sort of got sort
of passed down and some people said she
was George guy's assistant and none of
that was true
why didn't your JH guy when he saw how
remarkable this was these replicating
cancer cells why didn't he tell
Henrietta Lacks at the time say we've
discovered something amazing yeah I mean
that's that's a very good question um
and you know one part of that answer is
that George guy actually never had
contact with her so he was the scientist
in the lab you know down the hall who
was growing cells and the cells came to
him in a dish with you know just like
some this abbreviation on them
he knew her name he was able to get
access to her medical records to learn
about her if he wanted to but you know
he getting cells from anyone who came
into the hospital nearby hospitals his
friends his family and so they were all
just cells and that's often the way that
science works by the time you know the
cells or the genes are in a laboratory
they're no longer connected to a person
and that was sort of one of my one of my
intentions in writing this book was to
sort of bring these things together and
say look cells and genes are used in all
research so much research now and it's
pretty easy to forget that they came
from a living breathing person and that
it's important to keep those those both
of those stories in mind but yeah he
just it would have never crossed his
mind it wasn't something that people did
but also he you know he just didn't ever
have contact with her so talk about the
journey you went on with Henrietta's
daughter what did you need to discover
about Henrietta and her family well
everything and you know much more than I
expected going in you know I really did
think I was just writing about the cells
and then once I heard how afraid her
daughter was and realized something it
had
to her I understood that I needed to
figure out why she was so afraid and
that was what opened up this whole other
story that I couldn't haven't sort of
imagined was there that her children
were used in research without their
consent in the 70s you know their
medical records were released to the
press and published they had you know
this person come along pretending to be
a lawyer who claimed he was gonna sue
Hopkins who ended up suing them and they
had just had so many things happen to
them and in order to understand you know
sort of win Debra's trust I needed to
understand that and learn her story but
also it was clear to me she didn't know
anything about her mother and
desperately wanted to and I sort of
realized that if I could find out who
Henriette was that sharing that
information with Debra would help her
trust me because in the end we both just
wanted the same thing we were sort of
the two people in the world who were
obsessed with this question of who was
Henrietta and it took a while for her to
believe that that was really what I was
after so where did you go so I would go
and what trees did you shake to get
information yeah so initially the first
step in that was that I went to this
little town called clover Virginia which
is where Henrietta grew up and I tracked
down her cousins and her best friends
who were still alive and I would just
get them to tell me stories about her
and anything I could to kind of start to
bring her to life and then I would call
Debra and she would not answer the phone
because she was screening her calls and
didn't want to talk to me and I would
just leave these messages on her
answering machine and at that point you
know this is an actual machine and she
would be sitting there next to the
Machine listening and I would say you
know hey I just talked to your mom's
cousin cliff and he told me this great
story about your mom and and then I
would just tell these stories into the
answering machine and that went on for
I'm off and on for a year before she
basically couldn't contain herself
anymore I was like okay fine I want to
know these things I want to go on this
journey with you and she just made me
make these promises you can never hide
anything from me and you have to you
know tell the world her name was
Henrietta Lacks not Helen Lane and learn
about her sister who had died young as
part of this whole story and that who
Debra didn't know explain how that was
part of this story yeah so when Henry
had died she had five kids and there was
the youngest was in diapers and
the oldest was 16s was a big range and
her second child Elsie was born disabled
she was deaf she she was she couldn't
speak she had developmental issues that
really left her sort of like a child
that throughout her life and she was
institutionalized when Henrietta got
sick and where she ended up was in a
place that was known as it was called
the home for crazy negroes and Paul is
it pretty crazy yeah this was you know
being in a mental institution anywhere
in the in it anyone in the United States
and the 50s was not a very pleasant
thing but being a black a young black
girl who was put into a mental
institution at that time was pretty
awful and it turned out that you know
learning about her story was part of
what's ever really wanted and needed and
part of you know we found out a lot of
pretty difficult information she too was
used in research without her knowledge
and without the family's knowledge and
so it was a part of the story Debra
didn't know what had happened to her but
she just always suspected something bad
happened in this institution and and it
had and she ended up there because of
fen rias illness and you know the reason
all of this to me and to Debra was
important in the story is that it's so
many things happen to her children after
her death heard they were abused by the
woman who ended up raising them it was
just so much and all of that was part of
what happened when the family lost
Henriette and the world got those cells
that everyone benefited from and so for
me and for Debra it was putting these
stories together and saying look this is
what it this is what it meant to lose
this woman and to gain these cells and
so that was part of the journey of
finding her sister was pulling that
piece of the story together and so too
what you got from what the world got
from these cells explain again what
happened to these cells how many lives
it saved where these cells went how many
diseases and the research and to them it
affected yeah I mean in some ways just
it's impossible to measure that there
you know this the cells themselves were
they were used to help create the polio
vaccine they went up in the first space
missions to see it would happen to human
cells and zero grass
they were the first cells ever cloned
the first jeans ever mapped were hers
they helped develop our most important
cancer medications like vincristine and
tamoxifen which I'm sure many people
listening and watching this have taken
in vitro fertilization there really
isn't a person out there who hasn't
benefited from these cells in many ways
and just every any basically any disease
you can mention some research is
probably involved HeLa cells so Rebecca
Skloot now talk about taking your
research you're writing your first book
which is like one of you're coming out
of one of your first articles or pieces
for a college yeah paper going to Johns
Hopkins and how they responded to your
questions and what were those questions
yeah you know so at Johns Hopkins I was
wanting to know just the history you
know and I it's interesting people often
assume that the world of science didn't
want this story out there that there was
something that you know oh this makes us
look bad or trying to hide it but for
the most part you know the vast majority
of scientists out there just didn't know
and they learned that in school that
this cells came from Helen Lane and most
people when they you know when when they
learned that that wasn't the actual
story scientists were pretty open about
talking about it and thinking that the
information needed to be out there at
Hopkins I spent quite a bit of time
talking to the the scientists who did
research on the kid kids in the 70s
about why he didn't get consent and he
was very transparent about that he was
just like we just didn't at the time and
you know and and Harkin never tried to
pardon what was that research did it oh
so this was so in the 70s this was kind
of the early days of gene mapping and
basically they went to the kids because
they wanted to come up look at their
genes compare those to the HeLa cells to
sort of isolate what of that you know to
find some of Henrietta's genes in there
as part of developing markers for
finding the cells so one of the things
that happened was that there was this
big contamination problem and HeLa cells
it turns out are so powerful that
they can if you touch a dish of HeLa
cells and then touch another dish where
you're trying to grow other cells HeLa
cells will just take over and so there
was a bit of a mess in science where
without realizing it scientists have
been growing HeLa cells thinking they
were other things it's sort of a long
story but part of what they wanted was
essentially to be able to come up with a
test to look at some of these cells and
say okay is this HeLa or is this
something else so that was one thing but
then they also realized oh if we look at
her kids genes maybe we can learn more
about the cells themselves so it was all
part of all that you know and when I
asked him it was not standard practice
to go to people and take samples from
them for research without consent at
