this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman at the United Nations
over 120 countries defied president
Trump Thursday by voting in favor of a
resolution calling for the United States
to drop its recent recognition of
Jerusalem as Israel's capital the final
vote 128 to 935 nations abstained and 21
countries did not cast a vote the eight
countries voting with the United States
were Israel Guatemala Honduras Marshall
Islands Micronesia Nauru Palau and Togo
Trump had threatened to cut off
financial aid to countries that voted in
favor on Thursday nikki Haley the US
ambassador to the United Nations
reiterated Trump's threat after the vote
America will put our embassy in
Jerusalem that is what the American
people want us to do and it is the right
thing to do no vote in the United
Nations will make any difference on that
but this vote will make a difference on
how Americans look at the UN and on how
we look at countries who disrespect us
in the UN and this vote will be
remembered in response to the UN vote
Palestinian politician Hanan Ashrawi
praised the international community for
standing up to the United States
well I'm extremely encouraged that the
vast majority of the states of the
members of the United Nations General
Assembly did not succumb to American
threats and blackmail and did not accept
the Israeli insults being hurled at them
and they stood up for justice and for
the rule of law and for what is right
and they voted on the basis of principle
128 countries told the US and Israel
that what they're doing is wrong and
unacceptable and they voted for
Jerusalem they voted for the UN
as an institution of integrity they
voted for the rule of law and for the
requirements of a just piece former CIA
director John Brennan responded to the
vote posting a message on his new
Twitter account tweeting Trump admin
threat to retaliate against nations that
exercised sovereign right and UN to
oppose u.s. position on Jerusalem is
beyond outrageous shows real Donald
Trump expects blind loyalty and
subservience from everyone qualities
usually found in narcissistic vengeful
autocrats the former CIA director John
Brennan tweeted control of Jerusalem is
one of the most contested issues
Palestinians see East Jerusalem is the
capital of their future State sustained
protests continue in the Israeli
occupied Palestinian territories despite
a brutal Israeli crackdown on Wednesday
dozens of Palestinian protesters were
wounded after Israeli soldiers opened
fire with live ammunition and tear gas
against thousands of protesters this is
Hamas official Ismail Radwan we call on
our Arabic and Muslim nations to
surround the Israeli and American
embassies in the Arab countries then
drive the American and Israeli
ambassadors out of the Arab countries we
are continuing our way of resistance
using all kinds of resistance to break
this decision well for more we're joined
by Rashid Khalidi the Edward Saeed
professor of Arab Studies at Columbia
University author of a number of books
his most recent brokers of deceit how
the US is undermine peace in the Middle
East welcome back to Democracy Now
professor holiday your response to the
UN General Assembly vote 128 to 9 well
it's yet another instance of the Trump
administration shooting themselves in
the foot making a big issue of a
question where the entire world is with
the exception of nine countries are in
agreement that there is international
law in this issue the Security Council
decisions that the United States voted
for are international law in the United
States is violating it so it shouldn't
be surprising that there was such a tiny
number of states voting with united's
and what about the abstentions the
significance of what was it like 30 this
is let's say it's almost the same vote
as we had in 22
for Palestine as a state so there's
basically no change
Trump's blackmail and bluster didn't
seem to have had had much effect and
nikki Haley and president Trump's threat
to cut off aid foreign aid to countries
who vote against the US which would mean
the majority of the world precisely I
think most people said what anybody who
looks at this carefully would say
Jerusalem is central to Palestine
Jerusalem is central to the whole issue
and if you prejudge something in favor
of one party in violation of
international law you're just taking
yourselves self out of the international
consensus on Thursday the US ambassador
to the UN nikki Haley defended Trump's
decision to recognize Jerusalem us
Israel's capital decision was in
accordance to US law dating back to 1995
and its position has been repeatedly
endorsed by the American people ever
since the decision does not prejudge any
final status issues including
Jerusalem's boundaries the decision does
not preclude a two-state solution if the
apart E's agree to that
the decision does nothing to harm peace
efforts rather the president's decision
reflects the will of the American people
your response to the US ambassador to
the UN Haley there's not one single
thing that nikki Haley said that's true
sixty-one percent of people polled were
against this in the United States so it
does not represent the will of the
American people
secondly it this not only damages the
prospects of peace this completely
eliminates the United States as a
potential broker I wrote a book brokers
of deceit in which I argue the United
States has always been a dishonest
broker so to my way of thinking this is
actually a silver lining in a cloud the
United States should be removed from its
role it should sit on the Israeli side
of the table if it insists on being
there but it has no place setting the
ground rules for a negotiation
everything else that nikki Haley said is
also untrue by accepting Jerusalem as
Israel's capital implicitly
the Trump administration is accepting
Israel's definition of Jerusalem which
runs all the way down almost to the
Jordan River
they're about to annex my other name and
karma which means Israel now controls
the swath or will will control or will
have annexed a swath running all across
the center of Palestine cutting the
northern part of the West Bank off from
the southern part that's the kind of
thing that makes a Palestinian state
completely impossible
so everything she said is false talk
about the protests on the ground Israeli
forces increasingly repressive and the
occupied territories human rights groups
deeply concerned about the number of
arrests the detaining of children
sometimes holding them without trial as
the protests continue to rage over
president Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital on Tuesday
Israeli soldiers and border police
raided the home of prominent
sixteen-year-old Palestinian activists
AAHA tomini
a day after video showing her
confronting Israeli soldiers went viral
after to Mimi's arrest the girl's mother
Norma Mimi was detained at an Israeli
police station as she inquired about the
status of her daughter and then you've
got this other case whom witnesses say
that 17 year old Abdul Khaliq Bernath
was arrested earlier this week when he
went out for pizza with friends Burnitz
father is ioud Burnet a leader of a
non-violent Palestinian resistance group
whose work was highlighted in the
oscar-nominated documentary 5 broken
cameras what about all of these
situations well in the last case the
Israelis have been persecuting that
family for a very long time because
they're leading a non-violent movement
which is exactly what the Israelis don't
want to appear they don't want it to be
realized that they're holding an entire
people down by force and that when they
rise up even non-violently Israel cannot
tolerate that and this the sad thing is
there's nothing exceptional about these
shootings or these detentions this is
the only way that an occupying force can
hold millions of people down against
their will for 50 years the the response
to the Jerusalem decision is a normal
response people are outraged and the
Israelis respond by arresting children
holding them without a lawyer without
their parents interrogating them and in
many cases putting them in
detention the sad thing is that there's
nothing new about this this is the way a
military occupation accurate and will
operate until somebody stops it and I
had to me me well I mean she's she's a
very courageous girl she did what she
did you saw on on on that piece of video
and typically she is she and her parents
are probably going to suffer for her
action there's no recourse Israeli
military courts are kangaroo courts 99
point something percent of people
brought before them are convicted so
there is no justice in in the holy land
where the Palestinians are concerned and
the United Nations top Human Rights
official recently condemned the killing
of 29 year old Palestinian ibrahim abu
thuria who was shot in the head by an
israeli sniper last friday during a
protest in the gaza strip AB luther aya
was a double amputee who lost both legs
and a kidney in 2008 during an Israeli
airstrike and used a wheelchair this is
Rupert Colville spokesperson for the
UN's office of the High Commissioner for
Human Rights as far as we can see there
is nothing whatsoever to suggest that
Ibraheem Abu Toria was posing an
imminent threat of death or serious
injury when he was killed in the words
of the High Commissioner given his
severe disability which must have been
clearly visible to those who shot him
his killing is incomprehensible and is
it's a truly shocking and wanton attack
your response to this un spokesperson
these are generally snipers using scopes
so this man was murdered by an Israeli
soldier who saw him crawling without
legs towards the border fence he
obviously could not have posed the
slightest threat to the security of the
State of Israel or to anybody except
himself because he defied the occupation
so what is going to happen right now
in the occupied territories what does
this mean for the Palestinian leadership
what I think it puts the Palestinian
leadership and many Arab governments in
a difficult position which is a good
thing I think they should be forced at
this stage by public opinion as
they were as the vote shows many Arab
governments were to do the right thing
the right thing would be to say we
refused the United States as a mediator
which the Arab League is actually sad
and the Islamic Conference has already
said and we insist on a completely new
framework for negotiations we insist on
a fair two-state solution not based on
the cherry-picked resolutions that the
united states and israel decide should
be the basis i mean this is actually an
opportunity if it will only be taken by
governments that unfortunately are all
too frequently willing to listen to what
the United States tells them in the
bullying threatening tone how different
is what Trump did from what President
Obama did I didn't say said his rhetoric
is very different even when he made this
announcement and then with a flourish
showed this document he was signing to
the cameras in front of him at the White
House people didn't realize at the time
he was signing the very waiver that
Trump and that Obama and Clinton had
signed before a waiver that said he
wouldn't build the embassy in Jerusalem
for at least another six months you're
absolutely right the difference is the
action the difference is the Embassy's
not going to moved for a while but
declaring that the United States
supports the Israeli position on
Jerusalem is of enormous material
importance it means that the United
States has taken a stand on the most
important issue Jerusalem relates to
sovereignty Jerusalem relates to
settlements Jerusalem relates obviously
to the holy places in Jerusalem relates
to borders even if you say this doesn't
prejudge borders the Israelis have a
definition of Jerusalem you've just
recognized Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel the Israelis are gonna take this
and run with it so it is of enormous
importance other presidents have said in
fact going back to Clinton presidents
have said we want to move the embassy or
we will move the embassy but they
haven't done it and they haven't
accepted the Israeli position as
president Trump has just done and no
country no country has their embassy is
that right and even those who said we
accept West Jerusalem as Israel's
capital I said but we won't move until
the negotiation resolves this issue
what about Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia was
critical but an immediately Trump
attacked interestingly what seems to be
one of his closest allies Saudi Arabia
for saying this but behind the scenes
what is Saudi Arabia saying do you
believe I mean what we hear I mean I was
recently in the region twice and what I
gather is that Jared Kushner and the
Crown Prince are cooking up a plan for
what they call a Palestinian state which
would not include Jerusalem which would
not be sovereign which would not be
contiguous and which would have to
negotiate for its borders in other words
you declare the state and you go into
another interim period we've been an
interim period since 1993
25 almost years actually 25 years next
year and this is what the this
administration and apparently the
societies are cooking up it is it is a
travesty I mean it would be an insult to
apartheid South Africa to call what
they're offering a ban to stop
apparently President Trump in just
speaking to the British prime minister
Theresa May singled out Mohammed bin
Salman around the you the Saudi war in
Yemen and the us-backed Saudi war he
seems to be ruffled by what Saudi Arabia
said about Israel but as you pointed out
Jared Kushner's extremely close to
Salman and has been there a number of
times Trump will made his first trip
there right he's apparently made several
unannounced trips kushner has to Saudi
Arabia I think the president's peek over
Yemen is is new but the Unites States
actually took a position on the Yemeni
war sorry on the Saturday war on Yemen a
while before this Jerusalem decision I
find that a little bit strange frankly
this is a war that could only be
prosecuted with American support it's a
war that for two years has had American
support announced he was giving more
weapons to them for that war precisely
and now he is now he's criticizing this
it could be partly because of Jerusalem
but in fact I think it goes back before
that they may be embarrassed by the fact
they've helped to create the largest
humanitarian disaster in the modern
world perhaps I doubt that they're
capable of shame but perhaps they're
slightly embarrassed by
this talk about what you see as a
solution in the act in a well it has to
be based on complete equality of rights
in other words if Israel or Israelis get
certain rights Palestinians have to have
the same rights it has to be based on a
principle of justice it cannot be based
on a cherry-picked set of resolutions
that give Israel pretty much everything
it wants or a framework for negotiation
where everything is but is tipped in
Israel's favor that means you have to
have a framework and an outside mediator
that's completely different from
everything that we've dealt with since
Camp David back in the 70s up through
Oslo in the 90s do you think that
mediator can be anybody but the United
States would be my personal pick
literally any country except the eight
small tiny countries that voted with the
United States so take your pick of the
other 178 80 88 whatever countries the
piece you wrote in The Guardian is
headline Trump's around Jerusalem is
disaster for the Arab world in the u.s.
- mm-hmm well I wrote a later piece in
which I said there are silver linings to
those clouds it is a disaster because
it's a slap in the face of the Arabs
it's a it's a it's an indication of
exactly how divided and weak the Arab
world is the United States can take a
position in support of the Israeli
position on the most important question
at issue in the entire conflict since
the 40s I mean Jerusalem was singled out
in the 1947 partition resolution for
special treatment and it's been treated
as special and the Trump administration
has just said we don't care about what
any of you think international law Arabs
we're gonna go ahead and do what we
think is right but they should and could
use this as an opportunity and say okay
fine you've disqualified yourself as a
broker immediately an intermediary very
good we'll find another one five the
other four permanent members of the
Security Council China EU Brazil it
almost doesn't matter India a collection
of large countries that could presumably
be immune to the browbeating and
pressure and blackmail at the United
States customarily exercises usually
behind the scenes this is unusual in
that they've gone out publicly with us
do you think the two-state solution is
dead I think Israel has
systematically murdered it over 50 years
I mean everything that they have done in
terms of colonization occupation and
seizure of land pretty much makes a
two-state solution impossible attorney
jet once said what one politician has
done another politician can undo I would
like to see the American president and
the Israeli prime minister who is going
to uproot 600,000 Israeli citizens from
the territories they've systematically
colonized for 50 years if it could be
done maybe you could have a two-state
solution but I don't think it can be
done I think we're stuck with the one
state solution that Israel has created
the only question is will this be a
apartheid or a completely discriminatory
one state solution which is what we have
now or will it be one in which both
peoples have national rights and
everybody has equal rights you don't
have special rights because you have
this ethnicity or this religion talk
about what's happening on the ground in
Gaza right now you have a I mean what's
happening in Yemen and what's happening
in Syria Dwarfs it in a certain sense
but this is a humanitarian crisis it's
actually been going on for more than a
decade you have ground water that's
polluted with sewage which can't be
pumped because there's no electricity
which is where there's salinity
increasing because sea water seeps in
you have these cuts in electricity you
have people unable to rebuild in many
cases since 2014 the last Israeli
assault on Gaza you have people living
in the largest open-air prison on earth
and it has been going on for the better
part of a decade
so again Syria Yemen certainly are much
more grave crises today in terms of the
humanitarian situation but Gaza is a
running sore a festering sore and it
should be a it's something that is that
is a shame to the international
community that it allows Israel and
Egypt and the Palestinian Authority and
Hamas to in effect torture the people of
Gaza in this way holiday we want to
thank you for being with us Edward Sade
