here on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman as
we turned to Syria the leaders of Russia
Iran and Turkey are meeting in Tehran
today as the Syrian military is
threatening a massive invasion of the
rebel-held city of adlib Russia and Iran
are close allies to Syria while Turkey
has been a key supporter of the
opposition this comes as the United
States will chair a UN Security Council
meeting today on the crisis in Syria the
UN's warning an assault on adlib could
lead to a humanitarian catastrophe un
special envoy for Syria Staffan de
Mistura said if talks in Tehran fail as
many as 800,000 citizens may flee the
region and that panic is spreading among
it lives 3 million residents meanwhile
The Washington Post is reporting
president Trump has agreed to a new
strategy that indefinitely extends the
US military effort in Syria in part to
push out Iranian forces from Syria well
for more we go to Beirut Lebanon where
we're joined by Rania Abouzeid
award-winning journalist and author the
author of no turning back life loss and
hope and wartime Syria she's reported
extensively from Syria since the
uprising began in 2011 received the
George Polk award in 2014 the Michael
Kelly award in 2015 for her coverage
Rania welcome to Democracy Now can you
talk about the situation in adlib right
now with the syrian national with the
Syrian Elite Guard that's being reported
have surrounded it and we have reports
of us Russian airstrikes as early as
this morning it live is basically the
last real estate that the Revolution
owns and this is going to be a decisive
battle as you mentioned the leaders of
Turkey Russia and Iran are meeting the
Russian leader has rejected the Turkish
leaders plea for a ceasefire in Eid Lib
so the stakes are very very high there
are as you said about three million
people in Italy and they are not just
the residents of it'll obtain include
people who are from humps and from
Aleppo and from Daraa and from other
areas that were evacuated to adlib in
evacuation deals with the Syrian regime
these are people who didn't want to
reconcile with the regime or surrender
depending on your point of view whether
it's a reconciliation or a surrender and
they were given the option to be busted
lip the problem is the people of it Lib
have nowhere left to be bused so this is
going to be very decisive in terms of
what happens next in Italy can you talk
about the situation there and
geographically place it for us and
explain further its significance Italy
is a very large province and it borders
Turkey it was key in in the Syrian
uprising it was the engine of the
revolution in many ways so it Libby's is
home to as we mentioned like millions of
people from the from the province and
elsewhere and there are many hundreds of
thousands of people who are displaced
inside Eid Lib I remember when I was
last there in the spring of 2016 to
finish reporting on my book I you know
along the Turkish foothills it used to
be orchards apple orchards plum orchards
olive groves for as far as the eye could
see
the last time I was there those orchards
were replaced with tents canvass cities
had sprung up as people who were
displaced by Russian and Syrian
airstrikes sought safety along the
Turkish border hoping that the planes
that had driven them out of their towns
and villages wouldn't chase them so
close to the Turkish border and so what
are people saying inside you've spent a
lot of time there you're outside of it
right now how many people live there and
where are they saying they will go I'm
sorry I missed the last part of your
question and certainly the people that I
still know where are they saying they
will go where are they saying they'll go
certainly the people that the people
that I'm in contact with us saying that
they will fight to the end
that they will defend their towns and
villages the men that I'm talking to us
saying that they will evacuate their
families to the Turkish border if they
can and that they will stay behind the
thing is that the Turkish border is
sealed
shut and it has been four years the
Turks erected massive concrete blast
walls topped them with coiled razor wire
and adopted a shoot-to-kill policy for
anybody who was trying to traverse that
massive barrier so it is a sealed border
they they they even if they end up on
the Turkish border it's unclear whether
or not Turkey will open that border and
allow the the hundreds of thousands of
people who are amassed there and the
many hundreds of thousands more who may
flee there once this offensive starts
it's unclear if Turkey will allow them
in Turkey's already home to more than
three million Syrian refugees so the
pressure on Turkey is immense in terms
of what will happen if and when this
offensive starts and just from the
preliminary reports from this tripartite
meeting between the Turkish the Iranian
and the Russian leaders today it's clear
that the the Russians and the Iranians
have rejected any calls for a ceasefire
they share a Syrian President Bashar
al-assad's desire to quote reclaim every
inch of Syrian territory and that
obviously includes it live talk about it
lives significance in the original
uprising of 2011 Rania the uprising
kicked off in the southern city of Daraa
the southern province of Daraa bordering
Jordan however it Lib was key to the to
the uprising there were so many events
the the armed uprising there were there
are many battalions that came from Idlib
it was and remains key key to the
revolution it is a very large
agricultural province and as I said it
borders the Tatars turkey so in terms of
where people can flee if they don't try
and head towards Turkey the other option
is regime held territory which obviously
isn't an option for many of us as
opponents can you talk about the rebel
groups that are in Italy I give talk
about the political and configuration of
this last rebel stronghold as it's
described
well the rebel groups have always been
fluid they form coalition's are then
Melton and they form other coalition's
but for the past few years a group
called Haiti harira sham has been
dominated the province basically and
that is a hardcore Islamist group and it
is led by the former al Qaeda affiliate
Roberta Nostra so they have a
significant sway in it lip however
they're certainly not the only group
there are many many forces that oppose
them and oppose the regime as well but
you know when when faced with that what
is expected to be an overwhelming regime
assault they're trying to like you know
every man with a gun is going to try and
defend his home regardless of political
affiliations in your book no turning
back life loss in hope and wartime Syria
Rania you profiled different people to
give us a sense of Syria and Humanity of
Syria can you talk about Mohammed
Mohammed is an Islamist fighter and he
was a man who was radicalized in his
youth he was radicalized when he
witnessed the effects of a the former
Assad the father bashar al-assad's
predecessor Hafez al-assad's assault
against an earlier Islamist insurgency
in the late 70s and early 80s Hamid grew
up witnessing the results of that
quote/unquote what he called humiliation
and he was also radicalized in prisons
in various stints that he spent in in
many of Syria's prisons so in 2011 when
the protests kicked off he saw a much
darker motive in the coming unrest and
he went on to become a leader in Jupiter
Nostra and he's a man who still believes
in Al Qaeda's beliefs he holds those
that's his career that's his Creed so
you know he's one element of what
happened in Syria but he's certainly not
the main element when it started the
this started let's remember it's
difficult to remember so many years
later that this started with peaceful
protests this started with people who
took to the streets with nothing but
their voices and given the news today we
can we can see you know
what it has devolved into this week
veteran journalist Bob Woodward revealed
in an excerpt of his forthcoming book
fear Trump in the White House the
president Trump ordered Pentagon chief
James Madison eight Syrian President
Bashar al-assad in April of 2017 mattis
reportedly ignored the order this week
Trump denied Woodward's report this is
what he said I heard somewhere where
they said the assassination of President
Assad by the United States never even
discussed the book is total fiction
Rania Abouzeid your response I don't
know I wasn't there I wasn't in the room
I don't know why I'm not privy to what
was happening in in in DC and in those
circles I was on the ground in Syria but
I mean certainly in terms of the the
reaction to US policy in Syria it has
been very confused a confused policy at
times many of the Syrian rebels that I
talked to weren't sure whether or not
Washington really wanted to remove
President Assad or that was just simply
empty talk and we've seen even President
Trump just a few months ago said that he
wanted to completely withdraw from Syria
and there's a report today saying that
he's actually talking about staying
there indefinitely
so it's a very wishy-washy policy at
least in terms of what I'm hearing from
the people who are on the ground and on
the receiving end can you talk about the
US ambassador Ford's visit to Hama in
2011 go from Ford to Obama to Trump in
terms of US policy in Syria the former
ambassadors went to Hama which was a you
know a city in central Syria and he
attended some of the protests there with
the French ambassador and I was in Hama
shortly after the Ambassador was there I
snuck into the city and many of the
people interpreted the US Ambassador the
trip by the ambassador's is almost like
a green light to their revolution that
the US and France the Western powers
were backing their peaceful movement to
try and
get rid of there a long time leader
Bashar al-asad and that you know I mean
it's it's not a small thing when people
around the world think that the u.s. is
backing their movement and that was
certainly how Ford's trip to Hama was
interpreted by the people who were there
your book takes us both deep inside
Assad's prisons to covert meetings where
foreign states and organizations
manipulate the rebels and to the highest
levels of the Islamic militancy and the
formation of Isis just give us a sense
of this yeah I wanted to show you know
so often we see people for a moment in
time we see them in news reports before
I mean I'm thinking for example of the
young toddler Alan Kurdi who washed up
on a beach as his family tried to escape
to to cross the Mediterranean to safety
we saw that young child's lifeless body
on the beach but that was it
we didn't really know what what happened
before there the family got on the boat
and what happened to the family
afterwards so in my book I wanted to
present a longer spectrum I wanted to
show real people in a place over six
years so that you could understand
something of their motivations and get a
broader spectrum of their experience at
the same time I also went back and
investigated many of the key sort of
moments in terms of the arming and the
later Islamization of the uprising I
wanted to talk to people who were in the
room with the Saudis and the cut cities
and the Turks and the Americans and the
British to see what was being promised
what was being said the arms that were
supplied where when that happened where
they came through and to map out the the
trajectory on an investigative level not
just a human level of what happened in
Syria over the past six years and the
formation of Isis Rania yes I tell that
based on the accounts of a number of
insiders and Hamid the man that I
referred to earlier as a Joe Burton no
sir commander is one of the
the people who was through whose
trajectory you also learn about how
Islamic state was formed but I also had
an insider and and many other senior
Islamists who had known for years who
also helped me understand how Islamic
state formed in the split between
Islamic state and al-qaeda and Syria and
you know how the Syrian uprising was an
opportunity for al-qaeda to rejuvenate
itself and that is all explained in the
book how did you get around this is
based on years of your reporting you
were not granted permission by the
Syrian government what risks did you
take where did you travel Yun
unfortunately I learned that I had been
blacklisted by the Syrian regime in the
summer of 2011 I was in Damascus in
February 2011 and I witnessed some of
the first tentative protests in the
Syrian capital and I've been covering it
ever since quite intensively but the the
fact that I was blacklisted and wanted
by three of the four main intelligence
agencies obviously meant that I couldn't
risk going into Damascus and I couldn't
tell that side of the story
I mean having said that I did manage two
trips one in 2013 and one 2016 to that
side but I had so I had to focus on the
rebel side and that meant being smuggled
in across that same Turkish border that
we were just talking about and being as
low-key as I could be traveling very
carefully really understanding the
terrain that I was entering the
political the religious the social the
military terrain to understand who was
who just in order to keep safe so but
you know that I mean that would that's
nothing compared to the Syrians who have
been living there for six seven we're in
the eighth year now and and the the
relentless airstrikes and all of the
other difficulties that they have faced
in what is one of the bloodiest
conflicts to date I mean at least
conservatively we're talking about half
a million dead half of the country of 23
million people has been displaced either
internally or externally these none
are massive and every number is a person
who is part of a family who is part of a
community and that is the tragedy of
serial Rania Abouzeid I want to thank
you for being with us
Ward winning journalist author author of
the new book no turning back life loss
and hope and wartime Syria that does it
for our broadcast Democracy Now has a
job opening for a full-time broadcast
engineer here in New York City find out
more at democracynow.org Democracy Now
is produced by Mike Burke Renee felts
near mean shape Carla wells Laura got
his knee nurse ml coffee John Hamilton
Ravi Karen honey Masood sure in an
adorably rainy
I'm Amy Goodman
