this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
as we return to our exclusive interview
with the former Brazilian President
Dilma Rousseff I spoke to her while she
was in Berkeley California this week
she's on international tour to raise
support for the imprisoned former
Brazilian President Luiz in√°cio Lula da
Silva who is the front runner of this
year's election I wanted to ask about jo
bole senado the far-right presidential
candidate who's been running in second
place in the polls on Friday he was
charged with inciting hatred and
discrimination against Blacks indigenous
communities women and gay men and
lesbians trans people he's facing three
years in prison if he were convicted
going back in time during his vote in
favor of your impeachment as you pointed
out both senado dedicated a moment to
one of the men who tortured you while
you were imprisoned while you were a
political prisoner can you talk about
both also see Jafar - yes I can indeed
the far right in Brazil like the far
right everywhere is anti-woman
anti black anti indigenous persons and
it is in favor of ending all oversight
and they struggled for this they want to
end any oversight of labor work
situations analogous to slavery that
continue to exist in Brazil there are
full of prejudice and intolerance and
they believe that they can resolve the
most complex problems using brute force
of violence open violence what happened
in the vote in the impeachment process
that I suffered while legislator Paul
Cynara cast his vote paying tribute to
the military dictatorship and torture
and the torture whose name was carlos
alberto pre haunt a ultra in casting his
vote he paid tribute to this man who was
a torturer in Sao Paulo and he was
recognized in all of the processes of
truth and justice that unfolded in
Brazil he said the following to pay
tribute to someone who brought terror to
president
Maru says a person who is capable during
an impeachment proceeding to justify his
vote in this manner is a person who sews
hatred he spreads hatred because he only
understands one language the language of
violence the history of humankind has
already shown that it is repeated but in
recent years democracy has been growing
worldwide and today what we are bearing
witness to unfortunately in Brazil is
the return of the far right
since the Redeemer critize ation of the
country has never expressed itself in
such clear terms and that is due to the
fact that to bring about political
conditions to carry out a coup by means
of an impeachment when there's been no
high crime or misdemeanor they had to
open up that box of monsters and the
Brazilian far-right pushed that and has
now destroyed the political center and
the center right because the
center-right was Pro coup and as it
dropped out of the picture the far-right
gained strength this is the main result
of the coup in Brazil a strengthening of
the far-right because having a
democratic political center was always
crucial in Brazil for guaranteeing
governability
and that Center which was always
democratic since the 1988 Constitution
since the democratization that political
centre in Brazil has played a huge role
in the process in terms of its social
base and it's now been swallowed up by
the far-right era in emerge in our view
kinkajou da to just dream it was
unimaginable that a candidate of the
far-right might run in presidential
elections and be in second place or
polling second and the political parties
were always of the centre left and the
center-right Lula is not a radically
minded person he's a conciliator he has
not compromised on his commitment to the
poorest of the poor the workers and the
national sovereignty
but he is known as someone who builds
bridges now you have no way to build
bridges when those with whom you had
been building bridges become became cool
mongers and are suffering a huge defeat
this is what resulted from a process
that began in 2016 with my impeachment
this school is not just my impeachment
the coup is a process that began with my
impeachment it has a second phase which
is adopting an agenda that was defeated
in the elections the effect of all this
with no doubt is to destroy the
center-right in Brazil to lift up the
far-right and therefore they only have
one way to win which is to believe that
if they remove Lula a candidate of the
center eyes might be constructed
construe you do do you see President
Rousseff victory Bible senado again he's
been charged with hate crimes we'll see
what happens
could the Brazilian military come to
power through him the Brazilian military
dictatorship of course you knew well
imprisoned during that period and
tortured yourself see de facto if we
press a yes indeed I was a prisoner I
was taken prisoner in 1970 by the
military dictatorship and I was in
prison for three years I believe that in
Brazil there is no situation of a
military coup today I think that the far
right in Brazil is a civilian far right
it may include army officers such as
balsa narrow but the far right is not a
result of the military it's not a
military product what is the far right
in Brazil it has very deep roots in
Brazil's history presume was the last
country to abolish slavery we abolished
slavery formally in 1888 unlike the
United States we had slavery in every
state of Brazil in Brazil we have a
tradition of violent control of the
population and there is an appearance of
what I would say is a softer sort of
situation because violence is soft
by those who are at the bottom of the
social scale and here's much less
violence faced by those who are middle
class and up what is the situation in
this impeachment process well all of
those routes many of them encouraged by
different organizations and foundations
in Brazil and outside of Brazil they
create movements such as the so-called
MDL movement that are introducing a very
major form of violence for example we
had a caravan going through the south of
Brazil 20 days ago now to prevent us
from reaching the cities and the public
plaza and to keep us from talking with
the people they didn't want to let our
Caravan enter the cities and so they
shot at our buses I don't believe that
violence in Brazil has military roots
this man captain falls an arrow was
expelled from the Army for lack of
discipline and misconduct I'm not sure
if I understood your question exactly
but this is my answer to what I
understood the question so I just man
could his becoming president be a path
for the military to take more power it's
hard to know but I believe that if he
were to win the election it's not a
question of the military gaining power
the civilian rights in Brazil is
extremely violent even during the
military dictatorship it was civilians
who also instigated the cool after they
instigated the 1964 coup the military
came to power because it was the
right-wing political leadership that
instigated the coup they went to the
military barracks to instigate the coup
they believed that Dave would come to
power after the cruel it was the
military powers that assumed control of
the process and ran Brazil for 21 years
I believe the situation is different
today there is a part of the Armed
Forces the majority I would say which I
believe defend the Constitution and
defend democracy but there are obviously
segments that do not and that could
indeed align with the government on the
former captain Paulsen arrow now I can
assure you he is sufficiently far-right
to come up with and present a fascist
proposal for Brazil with all of the
characteristics of fascism
for example defending the idea that
conflicts can be resolved simply by
resorting to violence this is a major
characteristic of fascism they consider
for example all women's issues they
consider to be a deviation they have a
position that is very much against the
LGBT population especially gays at this
time they are insisting that they have
no racial prejudice but throughout their
history they displayed great prejudice
against Blacks and Brazil who represent
the majority of the population my party
was really tired of the popular song
wanted to ask you President Rousseff as
you talk about attacks on gay men and
lesbians I wanted to ask you about the
leading LGBT activist human rights
activist I wanted to ask you about the
assassination of Mariela Franco and her
driver on March 14th just this past
weekend thousands of people took to the
streets once again she was assassinated
in Rio took to the streets once again
demanding answers in her murder
interestingly Flavio bolsa narrow the
son of the presidential candidates a
year ball Sanada when she was killed
rode a tweet that said you know my
sympathies to her family and the family
of the driver we disagreed politically
but he condemned the assassination and
then he deleted the tweet he's a state
legislator in Brazil but can you talk
about the significance of Mary Ally's
assassination and what you feel needs to
happen right now Erica did you took you
assassin up to the Morelli
I believe that Mariela Franco's
assassination shows a moment of
opening the door to open violence in
Brazil for two reasons first because of
Mary Ella's importance in the struggle
for racial equality and against
prejudice in Brazil she was a tough
militant activist who defended
principles that helped make us more
civilized who defended the rights of
black women to control their own lives
she's fought in the peripheries of Rio
de Janeiro in the peripheral areas she
fought against all of the mechanics that
subjugate black people all of the
mechanics that function in this way in
the life of the city and she was very
committed to evaluating processes that
would associate crime with politics
so first Mary Ellis assassination is a
barbaric crime against a black woman
activists she represented a new moment
in the life of the country and since she
was a member of the City Council it is a
very open way to challenge power why
because the illegitimate President had
decreed federal government intervention
our collegiate o'ciock was a my simple
stench a pizza beer I believe that the
most important thing is to realize that
marielle's
assassinations supposedly by the militia
should be considered a very important
moment those responsible must be
investigated and punished thus far not a
single detail of the investigation has
been made known to the public to say
that they're getting anywhere close to
punishment we hope that the Brazilian
state will punish the assassins as soon
as possible now it's important to note
that the assassination of Marielle is
part of a rising wave of violence
violence against activists and social
organizations such as the landless
workers movement such as students such
as homeless persons those persons have
also been subject to imprisonment some
have been killed and I believe that it's
part of this general picture of
institutional lack of control that was
created by the recent coup so much so
that this
state of rio de janeiro is under federal
intervention an extreme measure that was
never adopted in brazil ever since the
return to democracy the federal
government has intervened in the public
security situation of a state has
assumed control by deploying the armed
forces I believe as is being denounced
in Brazil by all progressive sectors
that this was a maneuver by the
illegitimate President to hide his own
irrelevance and the great unpopularity
of the president we all know that one of
the solutions often turned to by
unpopular presidents of presidents
facing problems is armed intervention in
other countries in Brazil it's a
military intervention within the country
itself well it was during this
intervention that Marielle was
assassinated so it's an extreme
situation primero damages a BFD know
Brazil sampradaya
what do I think we need to do first we
have to know that in Brazil the
Brazilian population always won when
there was democracy the rights of the
population were recognized conditions to
struggle for better opportunities
improved for services that would be more
broadly acceptable the rights of the
population were recognized conditions to
struggle for better opportunities
improved for services that would be more
broadly accessible to the population as
a whole today we are living in a
mitigated corrupted democracy we have to
struggle to expand democratic spaces
they often told me the following why are
you going to the Senate if you know the
outcome it's like you're playing with a
marked deck of cards accepting the
conditions of impeachment no respecting
the country's institutions and
denouncing and going by opening up more
space is fundamental and today we have
to fight for honest elections clean
elections it is typical of a cool
situation
Judith tends to repress they seek to
keep emails boards I'm talking n√≥s temos
little dark portal annoyance liveries
former Brazilian President Dilma
Rousseff the first female president of
Brazil
she was impeached in 2016 she is said
the first chapter of the coup was my
impeachment but there's a second chapter
and that's stopping president Lula from
becoming candidate in the presidential
elections while Lula is now in prison
Rousseff is running for the Brazilian
Senate when we come back it's Earth Day
the theme ending plastic pollution
