[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman in a world of seven
billion people 1 billion or migrants
those are the words that appear at the
start of the new music video by our
guest the great Malian singer Fatima
thought the awara she sings my love has
gone far away and may never come back
he's left his family and friends behind
and gone away he may never come back
what am I to do he was my friend and my
confidant the song and tyranny it
appears on her new record Fenn foe here
is Fatima Padilla whare performing in
the Democracy Now studios
[Music]
daddy daddy make my babies I need y'all
I mean my didn't e-learning comedies
we got along I want to know
I want to know
[Music]
Jenny I don't see long enough in the
banana bag gonna be die
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in tyranny by the Malian singer
Fatoumata dia whare she was born in the
Ivory Coast to Mali and parents in 1982
but raised in Mali in 2013 she gathered
40 of the best-known Malian musicians to
come together to record a song calling
for peace in the war-torn country the
track was called Malika or peace
Fatoumata the guaro joins us in our New
York studio welcome to Democracy Now
it's wonderful to have you with us so
you've written a song in tyranny about
migrants talk about migrants and why you
feel the world must know you know that
so it was so hard as in those few
Leicester dates you know because it's
like who people were talking only about
migrations which is the reality but the
way it was doing it was really bad a
little bit bad for the images of this
new generation Africa wants to to change
the things we are dreaming to the new
Africa we are dreaming anew to to teen
how we can make a better this continent
how we can introduce African the best
way so I was telling myself okay you can
keep telling about this kind of subject
but in which way in the bad way just
young people crying if children fiddle
husking asking for help and all those
things you said okay I said okay don't
do this try to abort this subject but in
a different way introducing this young
generation who trying to travel but they
are not traveling because they are poor
only the only reason is not because of
poverty or war of feminine it's also
because that this young generation needs
to know about what's going on in outside
of other country they needs to learn
these can learn everything at school
some of experiences you can get them
only by travelling and I said okay let's
try to start from the beginning
which means
whoo you know you don't burn as a
migrants
if you become immigrants you know and in
the beginning you get a family if they
are normal person they can take a coffee
in the morning
they have love stories they brief like
you and me they have a red blood as you
and me so just open the door to those no
more people that just no more you know
they can feel over they they they are
just a little bit different to you but
if these differences doesn't must be a
problem it should be welcomed it should
be appreciated you know so it's a
through this you know through this song
I tried it too
you know I'm trying to introduce my
generation to introduce this new Africa
to the rest of the world in my way
tyranny explain what that word means you
tell me means my friend you know
migrants can be a friend of anyone you
know you should not lose your dignity
because you tried and you you've been
trying to travel and when people refuse
you the visa then you become a migrant
and this doesn't fair because it's a
normal guy there are normal guys as
everyone they could be your friend
that's why I say my friend you know just
open the door you know make up things
the sweeter more more love you know if a
people can bring back a little bit more
lover to all those young guys trying to
travel just to know about to know more
about this world you know how is the
migrant crisis affected your country
Mali it's affected my country in the way
that young people they are in touch with
social media you know when they they see
everything on Facebook Twitter all those
social media they want to live they want
to feel how things look like they wanna
touch of things that they wanna they
want to a new experiences you know for
their life afford you know and there are
things that many young people go
and they don't know why they are going
where they will be going so it just I go
just to go and we get a lot of problem
in north of my in north of Africa today
you know kind of slavery we don't know
people are trying to sell other guys
because of you know it's quite very sad
what's happening today or maybe we can
try to stay home I don't know
you know from Turini also it's like kind
of a debate in a conversation between me
and my generation to say okay your life
was much better before you live maybe
it's also good to go back home that's
why I would like to I wanted to show how
beauties Africa how things can be simply
beautiful we should appreciate it
but you can appreciate it only when you
you've been travelling you know for them
I don't know it's difficult I want to go
back to your song right now in tyranny
this is fatimata d'Ivoire
[Music]
da-da-da-da-da
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
diner I did my song singing
in my song see
[Music]
my song singing
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
singing
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in tyranny by fatimata deal whare our
guest today the great Malian songwriter
and singer but we have to go back in
time as you talk about the beauty of
your country male fato can you start off
by talking about where you were born how
you grew up and how you came to music
you have a very defiant history even
with your family I was born in Ivory
Coast but from Marian family then I went
back a to Mali when I was I had ten
years I was ten years old then I didn't
we went back to ever cause so I grew up
with Mali with a Malian traditions and
Malian family and yeah growing up with
music traditional music and strong music
strong traditions and yes and I've been
an actress too when I was a teenager too
fast because in order to become an
actress and then the musician that you
are you left home
can you describe I mean you're a young
woman in Mali what this meant how you
ended up acting I did actually two to
two big travels in my life the first one
who it was when I was a child in ever
cause you know when my grants Easter
passed away very very fast very suddenly
and I was like a traumatising a little
bit of this you know and I realized that
I could sing to save myself in that time
I knew what it was too too complicated
for my family then they've been sending
me to Bamako to my hands and life to my
aunt's was also I was very different to
there so I couldn't find my place in
this world
even before the capital the capital of
Mali you know after a workers I went to
Bamako then I grew up with my auntie she
was an actress and it was a age to be
married to get married to a cousin you
know kind of arranged marriage you know
and I didn't wanted this
I ran away one day I have left home to
France you know this is the first
version of and how did you end up in
film and it's unfair because my aunt was
an actress and she she took me with her
when you know she had a project movie
which is called taffy fauna which means
women power was my first movie then when
I was with her on the famous shooting
the director wanted me on her me on his
movie you were taking care of her baby
and taking care of the baby and the
directors say I wanted this face and I
movie you know and I just had only one
lines one line a couple lines on the
movie and after the work some directors
there and they were planning to have our
movies and then after I started to be an
actress like this and every year had a
movie and a different stories and until
tombak to win will explain him back to
talk about that movie it was in the
United States it was nominated for an
Oscar yeah Timbuktu is very important
movie for us you know it's a it's
important in the way that the subject
have been treated by a Malian guy an
African man you know he he tried to
share his visions about his you know
about this problem in north of Mali I
can say all Miley today and I was
playing my own character you know
because when you doctor Municipal Code
me for the first time for its movie said
I got something for you in the movie
you're gonna play your own character
which means that what you've been doing
in 2013 Mali when the pushes in was in a
when did the country was totally in the
wars then completely down
when I tried to put all artists or big
artists together to sing you know to
fight to save a music you know fight for
too late because music was banned in all
Mali actually for three or four months
and this was our first time to to live
this kind of situation because Miley's
music is everything in our country I can
say in everywhere but mile it's really
important music music is very important
then abdomen called me to say okay you
should play your own character on the
movie and it's a girl that's you know
when they are beating me so I'm singing
I will keep singing even if a day the
extremists try to stop me singing so so
you became more and more well-known but
your parents wanted you home and married
you had to renounce your career on Mali
and television and say you would no
longer be performing as a young yes I
did this how old your parents said you
had to say this on TV yes and then you
got married
No then after what I said no I've been
life-changing in my life because a
French director came in Bamako and tried
to you know we had a meeting and and the
conversation with him changed totally my
mind he said that don't sacrifice your
life because you're so talented it's so
bad for remaining so bad for Humanity he
told me list and it was a French guy you
know telling me Jesus so this was like
nobody told me this before him and I was
saying okay then
Jean WA Koko called a director from a
3:3 theater from Mount so how did
if young women are listening to this
teenagers how did you stand up to your
parents and say I am going to defy you
I'm going to find my own way I couldn't
say that I've been running away you know
it was difficult that time I wasn't I
wasn't
a singer yeah and I could I didn't have
my own arm you know like a today today I
can take my voice and my guitar and say
shouting any time when whenever I want
and oh you know what I want and before
this you know I was like a little slave
in a little bit slave in my mind I
couldn't tell them that I am I will be
going so I've been running away but
today yes today I can sit in front of
them and speaking as a dude and you know
they respect what I'm doing so they say
you were right you have to do it today
they say because I mean I did this movie
Mali blues which is you know might go
back my comeback and Mali with my family
and many are very proud of me because
they realize that even if I've been
boring I've been born in this
traditional family with a strong
traditions and strong family I'm totally
different my vision to the world is more
large it's more open and I don't know
how these they don't in the beginning it
was difficult for them to understand
these to accept this but at the end out
so in the end everybody accepted me as I
am and I'm trying to be to share this
open mind to my generation you know it's
not only for me it's also for all young
generation young this generation in Mali
today you know how we can keep our
tradition but in the same time be open
to the rest of the warden we're talking
to fatimata de whare the Malian singer
and songwriter her new album is out
right now it's called fen pho which
means something to say but your first
album was well what you're called your
name facto 2011 talk about releasing
that album to great acclaim the album
was called the fad - it's because I I
made everything by myself I did all the
cushions the guitar was my first guitar
it was the beginning of you know when I
bought my first guitar I did I learn the
guitar by making this album you know
everything was like I was playing like
this you know in this to do so and the
the director Nick gold from war sake I
appreciate that he said you know this
husband must be called Fatu because you
made everything but your hands and your
fragile et and you know I didn't care of
the perfections I don't like you know it
doesn't matter the perfection in music
it to me which what's the most important
thing to me it's my truth you know and
Nick knew that and he said it should be
codified to that's fine so tell us about
the song we're about to play you
performed it in our studio so uh from
your album fat - yeah so why it's a
small door of my life you know it's like
I got like many doors in my head I just
have to open one and I can tell you a
story and that's right so the part of my
adoptions you know when I left my mom
and I couldn't see her for 11 or 12
years and I had always this highs on me
when I was like you know I was a ten
years old and going to Bamako and I was
in the car she was watching me and the
car was going very far this was it was
the only souvenir that I had from her
and then I only memory you know and I
said okay you should make a song about
this eyes this show amines
so I mean it's why the name that I
created for all people who've been
growing up without their genetic parents
you know it's a call them so I was kind
of opening and it's like a hope and name
like a hop name because it's kind of
love that who cannot be reply I'm one of
the sower and I knew that I wasn't alone
I'm not the only one so we are so many
in this planet without saying mom in our
life we didn't say mom we didn't say bad
you know you don't have a souvenir of
your young your your your
be life you don't know how to be you
didn't you don't have a souvenir to be
child in your life you know it's a kind
of situations I call them so all those
people in this world let's go to Sowa
perform by right here in
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
a union
[Music]
I slide
[Music]
Fatoumata dia Waris singing stoah from
her first album where she played all of
the music learning the music as she
played at learning to play the guitar as
father said not caring about perfection
but the spirit the soul of the music so
a-- from your first album
Fatou and your singing in Bambara always
talk about the language always I love
this language because when I left my
home it was the only thing that I had as
I don't know to say as a gift after God
and a spiritual things in the world the
language was my ancestral was my soul
was my ruler was myself was my African
the only thing that I had in this time
so singing in bomber I it was the best
way to me to introduce myself to the
rest of the world saying okay I come
from I'm fatimata Jorah come from Mali
and we speak this language and this is
me my stories days I've been adopted and
now I'm playing music to you do you like
it that's it and Barbara was the the the
best way for me to introduce myself
because it's the only you know I've been
growing up speaking this language and I
know how to express myself in it and in
the best way you know even if when I
write the songs I know how to abroad you
know touch of people it's like a norm
it's everything
bomb brow to me so I wanted to turn to
another song from far too the song is
Musa which means women yeah and you took
New York by storm in in January when
President Trump was first elected it was
a group of many musicians and I wish I
had been there but a word has it the
Carnegie Hall that you just blew people
away with your two songs Musso and also
united talk about mu so first and then
we'll play it so it's very easy mu so
it's about myself because I'm a women mu
so it's about all women today in this
world mu so it's about women coming in
the future
also we should sing a mu so we must sing
women because she is doing a lot she's
doing a lot of today especially in war
countries know especially in countries
where the development is not that you
know there is no big big development you
know moose muscle is like it's like a
representing all female in this world
Gina so in the song I said you should
have respect to her you should love her
you should not beat her she must be your
confident she must be strong she could
be President you know she could be
director doctor let's go to Musa
harder awfully
[Music]
how fully
[Music]
viola chicken
[Music]
I ain't jokin Andy
[Music]
Hey
[Music]
[Music]
oh yeah cannot undo one oh my god I
can't got calumny I didn't wanna go to
not do Maggie Jeff F&I lucky face
from a liver mousse all fenomena TV
bumzu famosa from amoeba Musso TC bumzu
30 babe
[Music]
whoa
Monza
[Music]
John ITT babe baby babe a team it was I
believe my meatballs
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I am gonna new moon saleh i a jungle
Nandi
