this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman in
a blow to the Trump administration's
efforts to silence dissent the first
trial of people arrested at inauguration
day disrupt j-20 protests ended Thursday
with all the defendants found not guilty
on all charges six people face multiple
felonies and fifty years in prison for
just being in the area where
anti-fascist and anti-capitalist
protesters were marching during the
protest police blockaded more than 200
people into a corner and a process known
as ketling and carried out mass arrests
of everyone nearby those arrests
included protesters medics legal
observers and some journalists many were
trapped in the kettle for as long as
nine hours after police had doused them
with pepper spray they were denied food
water and access to bathrooms this first
case was closely watched as a bellwether
for free speech because one of the six
people on trial was Alexei wood an
independent photojournalist from San
Antonio Texas whose work focuses on
resistance movements he came to document
protests during the inauguration on
January 20th and live-streamed the
street detentions by police and even his
own arrest prosecutors played his entire
42 minute video stream in court noting
he could be heard cheering at some
points when some of the protesters
painted graffiti or broke windows
earlier this month the judge in the case
cite in the video when she dismissed the
inciting a riot felony charge saying
cheering is not enough evidence to prove
incitement Judge Lynn Leibovitz of the
DC Superior Court said quote personal
enthusiasm for the destruction is
qualitatively different from urging
others to destroy she said after the not
guilty on all counts verdict came down
on Thursday supporters gathered outside
the courthouse to meet the defendants
and held a banner that read love for all
who resist this is Alexei woods attorney
Bret Cohen speaking after the verdict
journalism is she was graded from this
room
and freedom of speech was kind of there
as well because it spoke about a little
bit in closing that if you just turned
off the volume you don't hear you
wouldn't think that mr. Wu was doing
anything wrong so a lot of it was about
what he was saying he was just there to
cover whatever he thought all this comes
as a hundred eighty-eight people still
face trials over the next year after
being arrested during that inauguration
day protests against Trump including
another Texas native journalist Aaron
can't do well for more were joined in
Washington by alexei wood the
independent photojournalist who just
found was just found not guilty along
with his five co-defendants in the j-20
case and in Houston were joined by Jude
Ortiz a member of the organizing crew of
defend j-20 in the mass defense
committee chair for National Lawyers
Guild he's been in the court throughout
this first j-20 trial we welcome you
both to Democracy Now well Alexei wood
let's begin with you this is the first
time you are speaking out during this
trial it just ended what is your
response what was it like to hear the 42
not guilty yesterday I was in utter
tears I just couldn't couldn't handle
myself emotionally I was just so happy
for everybody that everybody got full
acquittals on every single one of these
ridiculous charges and how do you feel
your own vindication I mean I could I
could woohoo now that's kind of a would
be a stick at this point I feel utterly
stoked you know I feel calm I feel
grounded I feel just as innocent now as
I did when they were arresting me and
there's a hundred and eighty eight more
defendants to go so let's get on this is
a clip of you Alexei would during your
livestream coverage of the protests
during a Trump's inauguration
three blocks black block
[Music]
[Applause]
and this is a video of our guest Alexei
wood filming his own arrest during his
lime strive stream coverage of the
protest against Trump's inauguration so
Alexei wood they played the entire video
of your livestream in the trial talk
about that day you were arrested and
what it felt like to livestream your own
arrest and what was happening there sure
I mean on January 20th there was a
massive show of resistance to the auger
ation of Trump I mean it was everywhere
the city was alive and buzzing and I
found the anti-capitalist anti-fascists
March and protests and I was just like
I'm gonna go check that out
and you know I started live-streaming
and I just spoke freely and you know I
was stoked you know I know the
prosecution wants to me feel a horriffic
about broken windows or whatever but
like it was so fun and you know like it
was it was you know resistance with
teeth and I think I think this country
could really use that what did you feel
when Judge leader that said that your
own personal cheering captured on the
livestream was not an incitement to riot
you were just expressing your own
feelings whoa yeah for sure that was a
that was a close one I mean this is
narrative warfare you know the
government prosecution has their
narrative you know resistance movement
have their narrative
you know there's a lot a lot of things
going on here so to have something so
genuine that I just I just put myself
out there I didn't know I was gonna be
this big huge deal
and for somebody the ie the government
to be like you're an evil criminal
person like it was just BS but you know
I don't know you just things get
projected on you and you just have to
know your own boundaries
Aleksei um it's you could talk about how
you felt your video was used thank you
um you know I'm stoked that people can
watch it from beginning and it would
became this big old First Amendment
issue press freedom issue it's it's
every single thing I did and said or
didn't do or didn't say is there that
part I love the fact that it's being
used against other co-defendants I hate
that I hate that so much you know it's a
live stream it's out there but I mean
this was this was a targeted mass arrest
dragnet where journalists and legal
observers I mean everybody and they're
just they're just trying to pin this on
somebody and that is not okay there's
absolutely not okay how did they get
your video alexei well I put it out
there you know the original timestamp is
on Facebook I put it on YouTube I put it
on Vimeo I mean I mean I promoted it I
wanted people to know about that day
about what was happening I mean at the
time Alexa you were even saying things
like oh wow I've got only like two
viewers yeah exactly yeah exactly I
don't care I don't care who my audience
is I'm just doing my thing and it could
be a thousand it could be two like I I
knew it was historical moment and
specifically the anti-capitalist
anti-fascist
march and demonstration it was just like
I mean people are pissed off and
well I know I wanted to ask you about
the prosecutor Qureshi's comments when
when he said in his closing arguments
that a street medic was guilty by being
present and asked what do you need a
medic with gauze for she was aiding and
abetting the riot that was her role and
yet your video that they wanted to use
against you and others showed police
attacking protesters which showed the
need for medics yeah I mean the whole
thing was ridiculous I mean I mean but
you know even even reasonable doubt was
was don't don't put too much weight on
it according to the prosecution's like
what yeah a medic with gauze I mean just
grasping at their narrative of the
criminal it this was about protest
this was about free speech this is
freedom of the press how I don't care if
I cussed you know like I'm trying not to
do it here I understand but I don't care
and that day was so wicked awesome um in
her opening statement in this first Jay
20 trial where you were on trial
assistant US attorney Jennifer Kirk off
told the jury on November 20th quote we
don't believe the evidence is going to
show that any of these six individuals
personally took that crowbar
or that hammer and hit the limo or
personally bash those windows of that
Starbucks in you don't personally have
to be the one that breaks the window to
be guilty of rioting that was assistant
US attorney Jennifer Kirk off now I want
to turn to one of the jurors from this
first j-20 trial describing their
decision-making process after they
returned acquittals on all charges the
juror identified as Steve told the media
collective unicorn riot on Wednesday
quote it was not a close call the
prosecution admitted the morning of day
1 that they would present no evidence
that any of the defendants committed any
acts of violence or any vandala
from that point before the defense ever
uttered a sound it was clear to me that
ultimately we would find everyone not
guilty and while there was a great deal
of careful discussion among the jurors
it ultimately at no point did it seem
even possible that a guilty verdict
would come down this was not close again
those the words of a person named Steve
a juror named Steve
Alexei would your response yes Steve
yeah I think I mean you have to
understand that I mean they I indited
twice like superseding indictments or
three times conspiracy aiding an
embedding theory for property
destruction I mean it was just like my I
was like five weeks of mind-boggling
like legal gymnastics
if hourly contortion even and full
acquittals on all of us you know like so
I praise the praise and the jury for for
sitting there for five weeks you know
well your video be used in the next
trials I mean there are trials now for
the whole year that are coming up you
talk about the video being used against
protesters but in a sense didn't the
video also vindicate people showing the
police beating on protesters I mean
anybody who was filming that day got
police beating up protesters and and
pepper spray I mean like it was you know
I am you know my little live stream that
the prosecution is using you know they
made a big deal about it they hyped it
up but there's so much video out there
that it's all being used as this in this
like the surveillance state like like
wicked wicked interesting way but you
know like it was a protest you know you
don't like the message tough there we go
yeah do you plan to continue to document
resistance movements oh hell yeah
and I want to bring in Jude Ortiz as we
wrap up
what does this 42 non guilty verdicts 42
not guilty Xin the first trial
everyone completely acquitted what does
this mean for the more than 180 people
who are going on trial in the next year
well the full acquittals are a
resounding victory for resistance
movements for the remaining defendants
there's still like a lot of fighting to
do a long way to go of the next trial
bloc it has a certain date at this point
an excess here is in January and then
there are trials set from March all the
way through October and so it was still
a lot of fighting to do a lot of legal
battles and maneuvering but everyone is
feeling very strong and very emboldened
by this clear victory and we're looking
forward to getting more acquittals in
the coming year and also people all
around the country around the world will
continue to support the de fitness as
they fight their charges each case now
has a different judge and finally what
did the was the significance of the
points of unity that 130 of the
defendants agreed upon and explained
that yes so the points of unity were
formed very early on after people were
charged and that was basically a
statement of solidarity and unity
together and fighting back against this
Avery oppression so the vast majority of
the defendants signed on to that and
agreed basically to work collectively
and cooperatively in order to figure out
a way of handling their cases that would
not aid in the state repression and
would not allow the government to pit
each other each defendant against the
other so this was a really historic
development a historic statement in the
case there's been a lot of historic
events that have come up with this case
including this historic victory by the
full acquittals and so as we move
forward into the remaining trials and as
the fitness continue to to fight back
and push back I think we're going to see
a lot more historical developments and
hopefully a lot more historic losses for
the state in trying to repress radical
esalaam events Zhu dirties want to thank
you for being with us member of the
organ
and crew of defend j-20 and I want to
thank Alexei wood independent
photojournalist found not guilty in the
first j-20 trial very stoked independent
journalist 42 not guilty x' handed down
yesterday all defendants were found not
guilty at the beginning of this trial a
number of them faced 75 years in jail
this is democracy now when we come back
the significance of the independence
vote in catalonia stay with us
