welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman tensions across northern
Syria have escalated sharply amidst a
series of clashes between external
powers including Israel Iran Turkey and
the Syrian government on Saturday Israel
shall town what it claims was an Iranian
drone that had entered Israel's airspace
after being launched from Syria Israel
then mounted an attack on an Iranian
command center in Syria from where the
drone was launched one of the Israeli
f-16 military dret jets was then downed
by a Syrian government anti-aircraft
missile Israel then carried out a series
of retaliatory strikes against both
Syrian and Iranian targets in Syria
Saturday's events marked the first
Israeli Jets shot down since the 1980s
it's also believed to be the first time
Israel's carried out an attack in Syria
on a site where Iranian troops were
present meanwhile also in northern Syria
Saturday a Turkish army helicopter was
shot down by us back Syrian Kurdish YPG
fighters near the Syrian Kurdish city of
Afrin where Turkey has launched a
bombing and ground offensive all this
comes as the United Nations is warning
of soaring levels of civilian casualties
in Syria this is UN High Commissioner
for Human Rights spokesperson Elizabeth
Russell this has been a week of soaring
violence and bloodshed in Syria more
than a thousand civilian casualties in
six days we've received reports that at
least 277 civilians have been killed 230
of these people were killed in
airstrikes by the Syrian government and
their allies in addition 812 people were
injured it president Trump continues to
defend members of his administration who
are resigning amid serious accusations
of domestic violence and abuse on Friday
White House speech writer David Sorenson
resigned after his ex-wife Jessica
Corbett told The Washington Post he
physically abused her during their short
marriage including by putting out a lit
cigarette on her hand and running over
her foot with a car
Sorensen's resignation comes after
senior aide Rob Porter resigned as staff
secretary last week after two of his
ex-wives accused him of verbal and
physical assault on Saturday morning
president Trump tweeted quote people's
lives are being shattered and destroyed
by a mere allegation some are true and
some are false some are old and some are
new there's no recovery for someone
falsely accused life and career are gone
is there no such thing any longer as due
process he tweeted president Trump also
said he wishes Rob Porter well speaking
from The Oval Office Friday he said very
strongly yesterday that he's innocent
so you'll have to talk to him about that
but we absolutely wish him well did a
very good job while he was at the White
House thank you very much everybody
on Sunday Porter's second ex-wife Jenny
Willoughby published a powerful Time
magazine essay in which she addressed
Trump's comments writing quote when
Donald Trump repeated twice that Rob
declared his innocence I was floored
my friend turned to me and said the
President of the United States just
called you a liar
yes and so he did she tweeted president
Trump himself has been accused of sexual
assault or harassment by at least 16
women senior White House officials
including chief of staff general John
Kelly knew for months the FBI had heard
testimony from Porter's ex-wives about
the verbal and physical abuse but on
Sunday Porter told the news outlet Axios
that White House officials had
encouraged him to stay and fight the
accusations rather than resign the
Justice Department's third highest
ranking official Rachel Brand announced
abruptly on Friday she plans to step
down her resignation comes as president
Trump has repeatedly attacked the
Justice Department over the ongoing
investigation into Trump and whether his
presidential campaign colluded with
Russia
Rachel Brand is next in line in
succession after Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein who's overseeing Special
Counsel Robert Muller's investigation
brand is leaving to take the top legal
position at Walmart before she left the
Justice Department she revoked hundreds
of so-called
documents on issues including health
care the environment civil rights and
labor the revocation of the Justice
Department documents will make it
significantly harder for companies to be
sued on a wide range of issues on
Capitol Hill the Senate set to begin a
debate on immigration today lawmakers
are expected to debate how to handle the
future of daca the Obama era program
deferred action for childhood arrivals
which gave some 800,000 young
undocumented people permission to live
and work in the United States before
President Trump cancelled the program
last year President Trump has proposed
opening a path to citizenship for about
1.8 million undocumented people in
exchange for a slew of dramatic
anti-immigrant measures including 25
billion dollars in funding for a border
wall as well as ending the family
reunification program in the diversity
Lottery which primarily benefits
immigrants from Africa in more news on
immigration a federal judge has stayed
the deportation of New York City
immigrant rights leader Ravi Ravi er
after he filed a free-speech lawsuit
arguing immigration officials
unconstitutionally use their power to
suppress political dissent by targeting
outspoken activists for surveillance and
deportation Rob beers the executive
director of the new sanctuary coalition
he's now been ordered to check in with
Immigration and Customs Enforcement on
March 15th he was going to be deported
on Saturday will speak with Ravi Raab
beer after headlines more than a hundred
public defenders walked out of a New
York City courthouse Thursday to protest
immigration and customs enforcement
agents arresting undocumented immigrants
at the courthouse the Legal Aid Society
which helped organize the strike at the
Bronx courthouse said quote the presence
of ice officers and our courthouses and
the perception that no immigrant is safe
to seek their day in court is
threatening to upend our entire legal
process and the principles upon which it
stands unquote a federal appeals court
has ruled a group of immigrants detained
at the for-profit Aurora ice processing
center can proceed with their
class-action lawsuit against the
prison's owner geo group the man accused
geo group of four
detained immigrants to clean the prison
without pay under threat of solitary
confinement the men are also accusing
geo group of breaking labor laws by
paying detained immigrants only a dollar
a day back in Washington DC President
Trump has blocked the release of the
Democratic memo that refutes the
arguments of the controversial now
release memo written by House
Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunez
the newness memo purported to show the
FBI and Justice Department abused their
authority by placing Trump campaign
advisor Carter page under surveillance
in 2016
over his ties to Russia the counter memo
written by the house intelligence
committees highest ranking Democratic
member Adam Schiff refutes those claims
and was Declassified by the committee
last week but over the weekend Trump
blocked the release of that memo even
though he allowed the newness memo to be
released New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman has sued Harvey Weinstein
and The Weinstein Company over years of
sexual harassment the lawsuit has
threatened the company's potential sale
which comes after more than a hundred
women accused Weinstein of rape sexual
assault and harassment in cases that
stretch back decades among the
allegations in the New York lawsuit is
that Weinstein sexually abused female
workers and verbally threatened to kill
employees and their entire families in
Britain the charity Oxfam is facing a
crisis after an investigation by The
Times of London revealed Oxfam tried to
cover up sex crimes by senior aid
workers in Haiti after the devastating
2010 earthquake the reports accused
Oxfam senior aid workers including the
country director of turning Oxfam's
rented house into a makeshift brothel
including with sex workers who may have
been under 18 years old senior members
of Oxfam are meeting with British
government officials today and warnings
amidst the warnings the charity could
lose its government funding this is
Hades ambassador to the UK voci Desmond
it is clear it's a cover-up yes ah the
fact that those folks
we allowed to leave the country without
any punishment
without even informing reliever Haitian
authorities about that it was a cover-up
and now the fact that they did such a
crime or there was such a cover-up now
we are wondering how many of those cases
are still being happening in Haiti we
don't know in news from the Korean
Peninsula North Korea's leader Kim
jong-un has invited South Korean
president moon jae-in to visit the North
Korean capital Pyongyang in what could
be the first meeting of Korean leaders
in more than a decade the offer is the
latest and the thaw of tensions on the
peninsula amidst the Winter Olympics in
South Korea
while returning from the Olympic opening
ceremonies
vice president Mike Pence says the
United States would be open to talks
with North Korea although he recently
announced a new round of sanctions
against North Korea the Reuters news
agency has published a shocking report
about how Burmese soldiers and members
of an informal militia killed 10 row
hinga Muslim captives in September at
least two of the men were hacked to
death
the others were shocked Reuters
published one photo showing the 210 men
lined up in a row on the day of their
execution a second photo shows the men's
bloodied bodies buried in a single grave
the killings were part of what the
United Nations has described as a
textbook example of ethnic cleansing
during the reporting of the article two
Reuters journalists were arrested by
Burmese police they've been detained
since December 12th fellow journalist
Saleh thanks in of the publication the
Irrawaddy criticized the detention of
the journalists during a protest on
Sunday two new mangani how throughout
the out there in mobile the situation is
now more obvious that why alone and
chaos oh oh were arrested because of
their investigative report on the Indian
massacre journalists have the right to
access the news according to
journalistic ethics this incident is an
abuse of justice this is also evidence
that the media are being intimidated in
Burma the International Criminal Court
has opened
Larry inquiry into the reports of
thousands of extrajudicial killings by
police and security forces in the
Philippines as part of president rodrigo
duterte so-called war on drugs de
territories repeatedly endorsed the use
of extrajudicial killings in Honduras
thousands protested outside the United
Nations building in the capital
Tegucigalpa Friday demanding the United
Nations recognize opposition candidates
Salvador Nasrallah as president his
rival the US backed right-wing incumbent
Juan Orlando Hernandez has been
inaugurated as Honduras as president
after November's presidential election
which was marred by widespread reports
of voter fraud a new report by the group
cavada says at least 30 protesters have
been killed and more than a thousand
arrested by police and military forces
since the contested election
among those imprisoned is longtime
activist Edwin Espinal
this is Espinel speaking on Democracy
Now back in 2013 when he was protesting
against President Juan Orlando Hernandez
his first election is very important to
me and my family because we do social
movements and the communal community
organizers with being targeted by the
militaries and police and the government
but just like the effect of organizing
people in our communities to you know to
to improve our communities and educate
people in our communities about the the
political situation in our country in
Iran hundreds of thousands of people
gathered Sunday to mark the 39th
anniversary of the 1979 Islamic
Revolution during the demonstrations
irani and president Hassan rouhani
reaffirmed Iran's commitment to the 2015
nuclear deal and criticized the United
States for threatening to undo the
landmark Accord
Omri cop we witnessed the failure of
America in the past year the Americans
wanted to interfere in our state matters
but our people said no to them through
their unity through their togetherness
through their steadfastness they
nullified the Americans plans and
conspiracies in more news on Iran the
family of a prominent Iranian Canadian
environmentalist and professor is
demanding an independent autopsy after
he was found dead in a prison in Tehran
kavoussi edamame was one of the founders
of the Persian wildlife heritage
foundation he'd been arrested along with
other environmental activists in late
January Iranian authorities say he
committed suicide and the latest news
about WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
the Guardians reporting Sweden attempted
to drop extradition proceedings against
Assange five years ago but was pressured
to reverse course by British prosecutors
Sweden eventually dropped its
investigation into allegations of sexual
misconduct by Assange last year the news
comes just after a British judge upheld
the British arrest warrant for Assange
who has been living in the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London since 2012 after
gaining political asylum there another
judicial decision is expected Tuesday
when a British Court is scheduled to
respond to a motion by Assange as
lawyers who are attempting to force
Britain to drop its arrest warrant for
him a Russian commercial plane crashed
near the capital Moscow Sunday afternoon
killing all 71 people on board among the
victims of the crash were three children
the cause of the crash is unknown in
puerto rico wide swathes of the island
were plunged back into darkness sunday
after an explosion and fire in an
electrical station the puerto rico
electrical power authority known as
prepa says several municipalities lost
power including parts of the capital San
Juan this comes after Puerto Rico's
electrical power grid was devastated by
hurricane maria parts of the island have
still not regained power since the
hurricane four months ago and
world-renowned pakistani human rights
lawyer and activist Ozma Jahangir has
died at the age of 66
decade she's been a leading advocate for
women minorities and democracy in
Pakistan and outside in 1983 she was
imprisoned for her work with the
movement to restore democracy during the
military rule of general zia-ul-haq
later in 2007 she was put under house
arrest for helping lead a lawyers
protest movement that helped oust
military leader pervez musharraf
as one of Pakistan's most powerful
lawyers she founded the country's first
legal aid center in 1986 went on to
serve as the first female president of
the Supreme Court Bar Association of
Pakistan this is Asma Jahangir speaking
in a video produced by the Right
Livelihood award which she won in 2014
justice is a rare commodity in our part
of the world very rare but sometimes
even shouting for justice gives you some
satisfaction that you being heard and
you must be heard you knock and you
knock and you knock and your knock and
you knock
and one day they are going to hear Asma
Jahangir died on Sunday in Lahore
Pakistan at the age of 66 after
suffering cardiac arrest we'll have more
on her life story later in the broadcast
and those are some of the headlines this
is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm Juan Gonzalez welcome to all of our
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world
