this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman nikki Haley the u.s.
ambassador the United Nations has
announced she's resigning her post at
the end of the year the former South
Carolina governor was one of the few
women and Trump's cabinet she gave no
reason for her departure Haley made the
surprise announcement at the White House
Tuesday alongside President Trump during
her remarks she praised the president
for pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal
and for being a close ally to Israel but
are most excited to look at the two
years look at what has happened in two
years with the United States on foreign
policy now the United States is
respected countries may not like what we
do but they respect what we do they know
that if we say we're going to do
something we follow it through and the
president prove that whether it was with
the chemical weapons in Syria whether
it's with NATO saying that other
countries have to pay their share I mean
whether it's the trade deals which have
been amazing they get that the president
means business and they follow through
with that but then if you look at just
these two years at the UN we've cut 1.3
billion in the UN's budget we've made it
stronger we've made it more efficient
South Sudan we got an arms embargo which
was a long time coming three North
Korean sanctions packages which are the
largest in a generation done in a way
that we could really work towards
denuclearizing North Korea the Iran deal
bringing attention to the world that
every country needs to understand you
can't overlook all of the bad things
they're doing you have to see them for
the threat that they are I think you
look at the anti-israel bias and the
strike encouraged that the president
showed in moving the embassy and showing
the rest of the world we will put
see where we want to put our embassies
during Nikki Haley's time as US
ambassador to the United Nations the
United States withdrew from the Paris
climate Accord the UN Human Rights
Council the Iran nuclear deal
unruhe the UN agency that provides
humanitarian aid to Palestinians and
UNESCO the UN educational and cultural
agency the Trump administration also
threatened to sanction judges on the
International Criminal Court if it went
after Israel or the United States for
war crimes and the u.s. refused to sign
the Global Compact on migration a set of
non-binding rules for safe orderly and
regular migration while nikki Haley did
not say why she was resigning she
dismissed speculation she'll be running
for president in 2020 president Trump
says he'll name a replacement in the
coming weeks on Tuesday said his
daughter Ivanka Trump would be
incredible at the job Ivanka Trump later
tweeted that she would not be replacing
Haley the person who does replace her
will have to go before a Senate
confirmation Donald Trump also said one
possible candidate is Dena Powell an
Egyptian born Goldman Sachs executive
and Trump's former deputy national
security adviser Powell said to be close
to the President as well as his daughter
Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner
while at the White House Powell focused
in part on US relations with Israel and
Saudi Arabia she attended President
Trump's first meeting with the Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia Mohammed bin
Salman NBC reports she was also involved
with overseeing a 200 billion dollar
arms deal between the u.s. and Saudi
Arabia to talk about the significance of
Nikki Haley's departure and the role of
the United States at the United Nations
we're joined now by Rashid Holliday the
Edward Saeed professor of Arab Studies
at Columbia University author several
books as most recent brokers of deceit
how the US has undermined peace in the
Middle East his next book titled the
hundred years war on Palestine will be
out in May professor welcome back to
Democracy Now
thank you Amy your first response was
this a shock to you like to so many
others it was a surprise because she put
such a nice face an articulate face on a
policy that is horrific in many respects
visiter palestine visa v Iran on so many
on so many fronts what she was putting
forward while perhaps red meat to the
president's base is probably abhorrent
to most Americans and has contrary to
what she said made the United States
much more isolated internationally it's
also interesting and the timing maybe
she just said I mean they were saying
that it they didn't want to look like
after the midterm elections but they say
that last week the resignation letter
was put in which was right after Judge
Cavanaugh at the time testified and
during the FBI supposed investigation so
to say the least there was a lot of
tension within the Trump administration
around this she didn't say anything
about this at the time but of course if
she ran in the future she could refer
back to this period of time that she
actually resigned right and she
distanced herself from the president
during the campaign by saying any
allegations by women should should be
heard and should be investigated so
she's a very ambitious woman if she's
planning a run should Trump not run
again in 2020 or in 2024 the sets are up
perfectly I mean it fits perfectly that
the the ambitious calculating nature
that she's already shown at the UN and
in South Carolina I wanted to go back to
what nikki Haley said sitting next to
President Trump in the White House about
her relationship with both Trump's
daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared
Kushner during the news conference she
singled them out for praise Jared is
such a hidden
genius that no one understands I mean to
read you the nath to be all the way he
did what I've done working with him on
the Middle East peace plan it is so
unbelievably well done and Ibaka has
been just a great friend and they do a
lot of things behind the scenes that I
wish more people knew about because
we're a better country because they're
in this administration that was nikki
Haley again speaking in the Oval Office
next to President Trump talking about
Jared Kushner this is your expertise
you're a palestinian-american professor
you're the Edward Sayid professor at
Columbia University
talk about Jared Kushner and what she
described as his remarkable or
incredible role in in dealing with the
Middle East well you would only consider
it remarkable if you think that denying
that the Palestinians have a role that
the Palestinian refugees should return
or have any rights that UNRWA is a good
thing that Jerusalem is a capital and
should be a capital for Palestine the
policies that she has put forward
advocated so effectively and
articulately our policies that are
abhorrent to most of the world most of
the Arab world
many Israelis realize that this is
leading them down the path to a
situation where no compromise is
possible where Israel becomes the sole
ruler of everything and Trump seems to
be very content with this the
Palestinians should accept whatever
place is offered to them in this process
and that is what that is what Kushner
has been doing systematically on
Jerusalem on refugees on the idea of a
Palestinian state
they have dismantled all the elements of
what I have always considered a very bad
American policy has become much worse
thanks to her so Jared Kushner is a
genius if you believe that Israel has
won and can impose any terms it wants on
the Palestinians who should not have
sovereignty self-determination or
statehood if you believe that and it's a
wonderful policy on May 14th the Israeli
military massacred at least 61 unarmed
Palestinians wounded in this one day
2,700 more for protesting in Gaza
against the Israeli occupation
and the opening of the new US Embassy in
Jerusalem at the United Nations US
Ambassador nikki Haley blocked a call
for an international investigation into
Israel's actions I asked my colleagues
here in the Security Council who among
us would accept this type of activity on
your border no one would no country in
this chamber would act with more
restraint then Israel has since March 30
at the beginning of the right of return
campaign protests Israeli soldiers and
snipers have killed at least in the area
of 195 Palestinians wounded more than
18,000 your comments on what she
performed at the United Nations no
country on earth that shot thousands of
people on the other side of its border
in a situation in which none of its own
citizens were hurt one Israeli soldier
actually was killed but with that
exception would be would be free of
condemnation in the United Nations
imagine if the United States shot down
hundreds of Mexicans killed 200 and
winded or maimed thousands across the
border inside Mexico in the sovereign
territory of another country it would be
completely unacceptable the Palestinians
clearly don't have rights they can be
vote the victim can be vilified by
people like nikki Haley it's it's
revolting the very the very the very
description of the Palestinians as the
aggressors and the Israelis as the
victim Israeli snipers are targeting
these people one by one and the Israelis
are being defended by nikki Haley at the
United Nations just before the UN
General Assembly denounced Washington's
decision to move its embassy in Israel
to Jerusalem you US ambassador Haley
tweeted a warning to other nations she
wrote quote at the UN were always asked
to do more and give more so when we make
a decision at the will of the American
people about where to locate our embassy
we don't expect those we've helped to
target us on Thursday there'll be a vote
criticizing our choice the US will be
taking names the Ambassador famously
said professor Halliday yeah I mean this
is the most
vibrant expression of American
exceptionalism I've ever heard the
United States is not bound by laws the
United States is not bound by
conventions the United States does
exactly as it pleases the issue of
Jerusalem is a complicated legal issue
but it's not that complicated
everything the United States has done
has shredded seven decades in fact a
little more of international consensus
as far as the treatment of Jerusalem and
they don't care the United States under
Trump the United States has always done
more or less as it pleased but at least
it paid lip-service to law and
international legitimacy not under this
administration outgoing US ambassador to
the United Nations nikki Haley has to
say the least Ben whatever's happening
behind the scenes in lockstep with the
administration she announced in June
that the United States will be
withdrawing from the UN Human Rights
Council accusing the council of being
biased against Israel for too long the
Human Rights Council has been a
protector of human rights abusers Anna
cesspool of political bias regrettably
it is now clear that our call for reform
was not heeded the significance of this
well yet again the United States is
proclaiming that only its views count
the views of the entire world on these
issues are simply irrelevant as far as
this administration is concerned the
United States has run interference for
Israel protecting it in the United
Nations for decades now and I expect
that to continue irrespective of whether
Trump stays on after 2020 unfortunately
but this is the most egregious example
of this I've ever seen I want to go back
to John Bolton because he's the
powerhouse there now last month the
National Security Advisor announced the
Trump administration would close the
Palestine Liberation Organization
mission in Washington in response to a
Palestinian effort to push the ICC the
International Criminal Court to
investigate Israel for war crimes this
is both making the announcement and
speech at the Federalist Society Trump
administration will not keep the
was open when the Palestinians refused
to take steps to start direct and
meaningful negotiations with Israel the
United States supports a direct and
robust peace process and we will not
allow the ICC or any other organization
to constrain Israel's right to
self-defense
so that's John Bolton not nikki Haley
but she has supported this and today is
the day I believe so the mission is
going to close today and what is the
significance of this well
it's once again a diminution of the idea
that the Palestinians can speak for
themselves
permission to narrate that they can have
a voice in Washington that they can that
they are a party to this conflict in
fact they're the main party to this
conflict and what the United States and
Israel have been doing is to sideline
them weaken them divide them and and and
essentially try to dictate terms and
this is part of the whole whole process
that this administration has taken to a
new level of knocking out the pillars
that had formerly been assumed to be
absolutely essential for any any
approach to peace in Palestine refugees
Jerusalem recognition of Palestinian
self-determination let's talk about
refugees the Trump administration said
in September would end all US funding
for Unruh the UN agency that provides
humanitarian aid to Palestinians the
move was seen as an effort to undermine
Palestinians right to return to the
lands they were displaced from by
Israeli settlers this is chief
Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat
so now this is an American political
decision added to the decision who knows
Jerusalem as Israel's capital move the
embassy across to the settlements
illegal refusal two-state solution six
seven so actually this is the program
and the agenda of children adults and
Benjamin Netanyahu the United States may
have the right to say we don't want to
give taxpayers money but who give the
u.s. the right to approve the stealing
of my land my future my aspiration my
capital my aqsa mosque manage my Holy
Sepulchre Church they have no right
whatsoever
the ending of Unruh funding I think the
US was something like 350 million
dollars but a third for this UN agency
that helps Palestinians what does this
mean for Palestinians well it's gonna
mean further immiseration of a
population that in many places like the
Gaza Strip or at the point of a
humanitarian crisis or in a humanitarian
crisis but what it is is a part of what
this unrecognized genius in Nikki
Haley's words Jared Kushner is pushing
which is to say there are no Palestinian
refugees this is a this is a false
problem created by the Arab states to
embarrass Israel that three generations
on they should be forced to stay in the
countries to which they were expelled by
ethnic cleansing in 1948 and the problem
is settled it's been solved Israel
kicked them out and they must not ever
be allowed to return so this is again
kicking out a pillar of a settlement
making in fact peace much much more
difficult if the United States doesn't
recognize that there are Palestinian
refugees if it tries to impose on
Palestinians in Jordan for example that
because they have Jordanian nationality
they are therefore Jordanians not
Palestinians not refugees then you're
denying one of the major issues that's
bedeviled the world for 70 odd years I
want to ask you about Laura al-qasim the
22 year old student at the University of
Florida who's been detained in an
Israeli Airport for more than a week for
supporting a pro-palestinian boycott
campaign she arrived at Ben Gurion
Airport last week with plans to enroll
at an Israeli University and has been
held there since while she appeals a
deportation order on Tuesday the Israeli
government told her to apologize and
renounce her support for BDS or return
to the United States
professor holiday what about Laura well
the thought police are at work here and
this is part of an effort to repress
speech in this country in Europe in
Israel around this issue around the
issue of Israel's violations of
Palestinian rights generally and
specific issues like occupation or
refugee return and the person who's
making the statements in Israel actually
a very important character by the name
of Gilad erdan who is the minute
Durov strategic affairs is in fact one
of the central people in this worldwide
campaign we see an element of it in
turning back people at Ben Gurion
Airport not just activists Palestinian
American activists American Jewish
leaders people who were being detained
harassed and some cases turned back
Catherine Frankie of the Center for
Constitutional Rights and the law
professor Connolly and one of my
colleagues at Columbia precisely and in
this country the same centralized
apparatus is harassing students on
campus bringing lawsuits of absolutely
no merit again and again and again
spending hundreds of millions of dollars
it seems to me on a campaign worldwide
in Britain and Germany in this country
to essentially shut down discourse on
Palestine you can't talk about that
they're saying what needs to happen and
does it matter who is the US ambassador
to the United Nations under President
Trump it probably matters but this
administration's policies aren't going
to change if a less or more articulate
representative of nauseating and
horrific policies is is is is installed
in that seat I mean the American
American government's policies on Iran
are causing enormous suffering inside
Iran American policies on Palestine are
causing enormous suffering in places
like Gaza schools will shut down
children will go without education those
are awful policies guided by a sense
that the only evil in the Middle East is
Iran and its clients and allies people
for example like Hamas who rule the Gaza
Strip ignoring the enormities
perpetrated by US allies like for
example the Saudi Arabian regime which
is making war on Yemen creating a
humanitarian crisis in Yemen and at the
same time apparently
liquidating dissidents prominent
dissidents
you
