this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as president Trump
completes his first year in office
activists in cities across the country
will hold mass protests Saturday on the
first anniversary of the historic
women's March we're speaking with kianga
Yamata Taylor his assistant professor of
african-american studies at Princeton
University author from black lives
matter to black liberation and now
editor of a new collection of essays
titled how we get free black feminism
and the Combahee River collective now
this is a collective that formed 40
years ago but certainly has had a
significant impact on activism today and
we're gonna go back in time and learn a
little about what that is again
professor Keon D Yamata Taylor our guest
in part two of this discussion Combahee
River collective why was it called that
and who were these women so the the
Combahee collective named themselves
after a raid that was led and conducted
by Harriet Tubman in 1853 in South
Carolina along the Combahee River that
freed several hundred slaves and that
really was they wanted to name
themselves after a political act which i
think is very important to their
politics which is identifying clearly
the ways that black women are oppressed
and I think that that is a important
contribution that the Combahee River
collective makes the the discussion
about interlocking oppressions how the
the way that black women experience
oppression in our society cannot just be
factored through the lens of race it
cannot just be factored through the lens
of sexism or gender oppression but we
look at how those factors together
create even new
ways of understanding oppression and so
they talked about interlocking
oppressions they talked about they
coined the term identity politics you
know which has come to me and all sorts
of things forty years after its its
entry into our political lexicon but for
them identity politics were quite simple
it was a way of understanding how
African American came to understand
their oppression in society it was a way
to really locate the source of black
womens politician and even
radicalization that their experiences
with sexism and racism at home at school
at work at the doctor's office is really
what shaped their political and social
experiences in the world and that became
the basis upon which black women were
going to become active in politics and
so they connected these different kinds
of political insights and analyses into
also a theory of how to confront them
how to combat them and so one aspect of
that was linking this oppression to
capitalism which I think is a critical
intervention but also to connecting it
to the oppression of other people and so
they called specifically for coalition
politics and then once strategy's had
been identified they recognized that it
was important critical to link women's
liberation black meant women's
liberation to a complete Rican sexual
ization of American society and in fact
a reorganization of American society and
so these are not just interesting
historical anecdotes they're not just
interesting historical lessons but they
speak very clearly to the contemporary
crisis that we find ourselves in and not
just for black women
but really for the oppressed and the
exploited in this country and
internationally that these are the
politics of solidarity the politics of
struggle and really should be integrated
into our discussions about what we do to
get free talk about the women involved
so the I interviewed the three authors
the co-authors of the statement Barbara
Smith her twin sister Beverly Smith and
Tomita Frazier and so they were black
women who had been politically active
who had come of age politically during
the early 1960s had all I think
graduated high school in 1967 1968
Barbara Smith talks quite fondly of her
going to Chicago in 1968 for the
Democratic Party National Convention and
participating in the protest there
Damita Frazier talks quite poignant ly
about her experiences in the Black
Panther Party in Chicago and how that
was formative in heard the development
of her politics Beverley Smith talks
about an earlier iteration of political
activism in Cleveland involving the
Congress of racial equality and the the
struggle around educational justice and
her and Barbara's involvement in
organizing Freedom Schools and so I
didn't Barbara also helped to found the
kitchen table women of color press yeah
absolutely which was which was it came
later it came in the 1980s but created a
critical space for the publication of
black woman's writing and became
interested yeah and became instrumental
in the development of not just black
women's studies but of women's studies
as an academic discipline the the role
of kitchen press in that was quite
foundational also chirlane McCray the
first lady
of New York who is married to Bill
DeBlasio the mayor of New York City was
one of the founding members of the
Combahee River collection so I found
that out recently which is fascinating
to me but I think that it points to in
some ways the development of perhaps a
relatively new dynamic in black women's
politics and so in my first book from
black lives matter to black liberation I
talked extensively about the shift in
the black movement from a kind of
radical Street movement to organized
politics to formal politics what Bayard
Rustin has described as the movement
from protest to politics and you know
some people look at that transition
favorably and I don't look at it as
favorably or unfavorably I look at it to
examine what dynamics are uncovered in
that transition from protests - I
wouldn't say from to politics but to
formal politics really to the Democratic
Party and it highlighted the shifts in
class dynamics within the black
community that for many decades after
the civil rights movement was really
understood mainly through the rise of
black men elected officials but I think
in the last 20 to 25 years we've seen
black women not to the same degree to a
lesser degree but to a significant and
very visible degree the shift in class
dynamics amongst black women where you
have the emergence of a black woman
elite and a black women a black woman's
political class of which I would say
McRae is certainly a part of that even
though she is the the wife of Bill
DeBlasio that she plays a political role
in the city of New York and so it raises
the the question
about class tensions class dynamics
between black women and does that change
the objectives within whatever we would
term as a black feminist movement today
if at the heart of black feminist
politics has really been a political
agenda shaped by the experiences of poor
and working-class women around
reproductive freedom around campaigns
for higher wages for health care that
really orient on the role of black women
as care providers in households that
suffer disproportionately from poverty
then what does that say about the role
of women who are in positions to make
powerful decisions who have authority
over the lives of black working-class
women I think it complicates the idea
that by simply being black women alone
that we are all on the same side or that
we are all in the same team and that the
issue of class is something that is very
palatable in the Combahee River
collective statement and I think that
again is a the the the framework of that
statement helps us in that regard makes
sense of even the contemporary issues
dealing with class as it pertains to
black women in the black community what
is your assessment of the me2 movement
the times up movement women speaking for
themselves speaking up I think it's it's
very powerful and the impact has been
very powerful and that in some ways I
think we're at the very beginning of
what this has opened up that right now
has been largely contained to the
internet and has really been waged on an
ideological basis but I think the the
the space the urgency and the need for
it to manifest itself in tongues
protests demonstrations and more
long-lasting organizational forms is
there and that it needs to be taken
advantage of but I think the perhaps
probably one of the most important
aspects of me too is how it has really
exposed the lie of women's equality in
American society that we have constantly
you know been told that the women's
movement go too far women asking for too
much doesn't the the ascendancy of
Hillary Clinton's campaign as the
Democratic nominee signify a different
position for women in this society and I
think you can say yes perhaps for some
women but for even those women the the
quotidian levels of harassment of
assault what some activists term rape
culture in the United States is
pervasive and that is something that has
to be identified not just in a separate
sphere of these experiences that women
happen to have but it really has to be
linked to the the ways that women are
paid less the ways that women's ability
to accumulate the assets that are needed
to navigate American society or minimize
because often these campaigns of
harassment this pervasive kind of sexism
is happening at the workplace and I
think that is one of the most
significant things that that me too has
exposed is the the conditions of sexism
and abuse that women endure at work that
is not just about one's personal comfort
level but really have to do with the
ability to earn a living wage to earn a
living
salary in this in this country when
women are being crowded out of jobs that
pay more when women are being made to
ask to make choices about sexual favors
to their supervisors in order to keep
their jobs in order to move up in their
positions and jobs so I think that we
have to see me to is not just an issue
of sexual harassment
and sexual assault but we also have to
see it as an employment issue as a jobs
issue as well interestingly awhile it
was popularized first by Hollywood
actors and actresses it actually was
originated by tirana burke who more than
ten years ago before hashtags and
everything she said me too she was
particularly concerned about girls and
women she's an african-american sexual
assault survivor and it just took off I
mean she has been recognized she dropped
the ball on New Year's Eve in Times
Square and went to the Golden Globes as
one of the activists who accompanied the
actresses who were pushing the text
campaign do you think african-american
women one year into Donald Trump's
presidency so often and
african-americans in general a target of
president Trump's presidency actually
the movement is more powerful than he is
or would you say it's the other way
around
movement is significantly more powerful
than Donald Trump but it has to be
activated it has to be and and what I
mean by that because people have been
active I think that this past year has
been a tale of two different sets of
experiences on the one hand we have the
kind of unbridled vitriolic racism of
Donald Trump on the other hand we have
the the various iterations of movement
to try to resist that and so you can
begin with the women's marches of one
year ago which you know there was lots
of criticism and questioning about the
marches themselves but what was missed
in some of that was the significance of
three to four million people in this
country coming out the day after the
inauguration of this despised president
to register that protest an event
completely unpressed
in American history and so there were
marches in the the spring around the
climate there have been marches and in
actions in solidarity with immigration
with immigrants and in the struggle for
immigrant rights perhaps most heroically
last year in the the weeks after the
inauguration of Donald Trump were the
airport protests that helped to beat
back his attempts to impose a travel ban
and so there had been different
iterations of protests over over the
last year but I think that it has to be
it has to be integrated with a deeper
discussion about well what is our side
actually fighting for is this just to
retake the the Congress in 2018 is this
just to go back to the good old days of
a Democrat in office into 2020 and
really ignore the the conditions that
gave rise to black lives matter for
example the conditions that gave rise to
say her name under the Obama
administration or do we want to take
this moment to demand more do we want to
take this moment to demand more than
what is on offer electoral in the coming
elections and I think that if we want to
do that then we have to open up the
spaces within movement organizing to
discuss what our agenda actually is and
not just our opposition to Trump and I
think an opportunity exists for that the
more extreme that this administration
becomes it also becomes clear that just
piecemeal solutions typically offered up
by the Democratic Party are not enough
that we need we need to go much further
than that and the immigration debate and
the debates around criminal justice in
the debates around
what constitutes a good society what
constitutes good schools what
constitutes a good life that we have to
take that conversation further than most
mainstream politicians are willing to
engage in you talked at the Strand
bookstore when you were introducing your
book how we get free about the public
spaces that are being ripped down like
public schools public libraries but
there's another public institution
that's getting shored up you said
absolutely it's the police it has become
the public institution of last resort
the public policy of last resort and
those things are connected the
evisceration of the public sector
whether it's the shuttering of 52 public
schools in Chicago in 2012 and 2013
26 public schools closed in Philadelphia
the the attacks on public hospitals the
you know no one even talks about the
concept of public housing anymore that
these are services that are increasingly
being deflected to the private sector
for profit that they're searching out
ways to monetize really the distribution
of what historically have been conceived
of as public services that are intended
to not just protect the public's welfare
but to actually promote and preserve the
public's welfare and they're being sold
to the highest bidder or the debates are
about selling them to the highest bidder
and the way that you contain the
inevitable crisis that arises from the
erosion of public institutions is to
shore up the police that the police then
become the force that is intended to
contain the inevitable crisis that
arrives that arises when you strip all
meaningful support from the the
institutions that are really central to
civic life that are fundamental to
holding together Civic Society and so
that is really we have
this is not new we have been witnessing
this over the last over the last two two
decades this is part of what people talk
about when they when they are
referencing when they talk about
neoliberalism what about on college
campuses what about the right of
professors and the attack on professors
who have taken on issues of race and
racism and students what is defined as
free speech well I think that it's clear
that academics are under attack or in
the crosshairs when Wayne LaPierre the
the president of the NRA at their
national gathering last April identified
the three biggest threats to the United
States he said it was the media elite
the Holly Hollywood elite and the
academic elite and so they see the
Academy in two ways one is that it is a
place where academic freedom and job
protections are supposed to ensure you
the right and ability to speak freely
even on controversial issues without
threat of losing your employment the
right also understands that and I think
that is the reason why you have someone
like Richard Spencer who is in the midst
of a speaking tour the white supremacist
supremacist and deeply involved in the
University of Virginia protests where a
white supremacist and I think who
yesterday was approved to speak at
Michigan State is attempting to a demand
space at Kent State to speak on May 4th
of course the anniversary of the the
murder of students at Kent State by
national guard so not only do these
white racists enjoy the the kind of Rauh
that erupts over whether or not they
should have the right to speak on campus
but in fact they do want to speak on
campus because they believe that they
can recruit students to their to their
cause and so
left-wing professors become targets in
this atmosphere because many of us are
willing to use that platform to espouse
a different set of ideas in a different
set of politics and to really confront
the lies that are at the heart of our
society right now you know in a way that
is perhaps unusual in in other
professions and so it means that we we
become a target the how have you
personally become a target do you feel
well when I gave the talk the
commencement address at Hampshire I want
to go to that speech the commencement
address you gave at Hampshire College
last May where you described President
Trump the president of the United States
the most powerful politician in the
world is a racist sexist megalomaniac
it is not a benign observation but has
meant tragic consequences for many
people in this country from the terror
inducing rage and the communities of
undocumented immigrants to his
disparaging of refugees in search of
freedom and respite he is empowered an
attorney general who embraces and
promulgates policies that have already
been proven to have a devastating impact
on black families and communities he
thinks that climate science is fake and
his eagerness to take the country into
war can only be interpreted as a callous
disregard for it's steep price in both
money and human life
so that's Professor kianga Yamata Taylor
describing President Trump at a
commencement address at Hampshire
College can you describe what happened
next so I I gave this speech and I do
think it's important to say that at
Hampshire is very well received and I
left and you know thought I was going
into the summer and my family and I went
on vacation for Memorial Day weekend and
you know which is the Friday through
Friday through the Monday so we we were
going to the beach and Friday night I
got three emails that were basically you
know you should shut up and how dare you
talk about our president this way and
and I was like this is weird
what is this coming from but you know I
write a lot of stuff that gets
circulated so you know who knows it
could be some random article that I'd
written the next day I had 25 emails
that were of the same increasing vitriol
except one of them said I saw you on Fox
News and so I googled and
there I was Fox News had actually
created a new spot of me an excerpt of
the the speech that said something like
