is here on democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman we turned out to
look at the growing threat of war
against Iran in recent weeks senior
members of the Trump administration have
repeatedly tried to churn up US support
for a war against Iran while president
Trump has reiterated his threats to pull
the u.s. out of the landmark 2015 Iran
nuclear deal last month president Trump
issued a waiver to prevent the Rhian
position of US sanctions against Iran
but warned he would not do so again
unless the nuclear deal is renegotiated
the waiver must be reissued every 120
days to avoid the sanctions from kicking
back in his warning came after US
ambassador to the United Nations nikki
Haley spoke at the Anacostia Bolling
military base in Washington DC in front
of pieces of metal she claimed were
parts of an Iranian made missile
supplied to the Houthis in Yemen which
the Houthis allegedly fired into Saudi
Arabia this is ambassador Haley speaking
December 14th behind me is an example of
one of these attacks these are the
recovered pieces of a missile fired by
Houthi militants from Yemen into Saudi
Arabia the misses the missiles intended
target was the civilian Airport in
Riyadh through which tens of thousands
of passengers travel each day I repeat
the missile which was used to attack an
international civilian airport in a g20
country just imagine if this missile had
been launched at Dulles Airport or JFK
or the airports in Paris London or
Berlin that's what we're talking about
here
that's what Iran is actively supporting
when vens experts widely criticized
ambassador Haley's speech saying the
evidence was inconclusive and fell far
short of proving her allegations that
Iran had violated a UN Security Council
resolution but to our next guest
Haley's claims were not only
inconclusive they were also oddly
reminiscent of the false claims about
weapons of mass destruction the George W
Bush administration
use to sell the public on the war with
Iraq Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson served
as chief of staff to Secretary of State
Colin Powell from 2002 to 2005 during
which time he helped prepare Powell's
infamous speech to the UN claiming Iraq
had weapons of mass destruction Powell's
speech was given 15 years ago this week
February 5th 2003 the most worrisome
things that emerges from the thick
intelligence file we have on Iraq's
biological weapons is the existence of
mobile production facilities used to
make biological agents let me take you
inside that intelligence file and share
with you what we know from eyewitness
accounts we have first-hand descriptions
of biological weapons factories on
wheels and on Rails the trucks and train
cars are easily moved and are designed
to evade detection by inspectors in a
matter of months they can produce a
quantity of biological poison equal to
the entire amount that Iraq claimed to
have produced in the years prior to the
Gulf War that was then Secretary of
State General Colin Powell speaking
February 5th 2003 before the UN Security
Council Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson his
chief of staff has since renounced this
speech which he helped write well his
new op-ed for the New York Times is
headlined I helped sell the false choice
of war once it's happening again Colonel
Lawrence Wilkerson welcome back to
Democracy Now talk about what how you
felt at the time how you came to
understand the evidence that General
Colin Powell who himself said called
this speech later a lot on his career
how you put this speech together and the
echoes of it what you hear today in
ambassador Halley speech Amy we put the
speech together with arguably the entire
US intelligence community led by George
Tenet the director of Central
Intelligence literally at Powell's right
hand all the time seven days seven
nights at Langley and then in New York
before we presented
when I saw nikki Haley give her
presentation certainly there was not the
gravitas of a Powell not the
statesmanship of a Powell not the
popularity of a Powell what I saw was a
John Bolton and remember John Bolton was
her predecessor in terms of being an
evil conservative at the United Nations
representing the United States I saw a
very amateurish attempt but nonetheless
these kinds of things when they're made
visual and the statements are made so
dramatically have an impact on the
American people I saw her doing
essentially the same thing with regard
to Iran that Powell had done and I had
done and others with regard to Iraq so
it alarms me I don't think the American
people have have a memory for these
sorts of things Gore Vidal's called us
the United States of amnesia with some
reason so we need to be reminded of how
the intelligence was politicized how it
was cherry-picked how we move towards a
war that has been an absolute
catastrophe for the region and even
long-term for Israel's security and the
United States perhaps with a deafness
and with a fluidity that alarmed me then
it really alarms me now that we might be
ready to repeat that process in your
previous speaker on North Korea there's
another target this president has so
many targets out there that he could
avail himself of in almost any moment
that we have to shudder at the prospects
for war and destruction over the next
three years of Donald Trump's term can
you talk about the pieces of metal she
was talking about I can't imagine how
anyone could haul some metal in front of
the TV cameras and assert the way she
did with the details she did some of
which was false just flat faults and
expect anyone with any expertise at
least to believe it I'm open parentheses
the American people don't necessarily
have that expertise closed parentheses
look at her statement about this could
have been shot at Dulles or it could be
a shot at Berlin it had it been shot at
Dulles or Berlin it was a stop well
short
somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean or even
shorter these missiles are not
long-range missiles these missiles are
very inaccurate missiles they have a CEP
of miles that he that means that unlike
a US nuclear weapon which would hit
within a 10 meter circle or less it
would hit within a mile or two circle
they don't know where it's gonna hit
when they shoot it it's not very
accurate in other words so the things
that she was presenting there she was
presenting with a drama that even if
what she was saying fundamentally was
true that the Houthis got it from Iran
and shot it at Saudi Arabia it it simply
was so exaggerated that one just looks
at it and says I can't believe that the
United States is represented by that
woman Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson it's
very interesting that you have this
moment now in US history where the
Republicans some of them are joining
with President Trump in trying to
discredit the intelligence agencies and
yet you go back to 2003 when you have a
fierce criticism of the intelligence
agencies saying they were being used to
politicize information which oddly is
what President Trump is saying in a very
different context you would have a lot
of sympathy if you asked me if I have
some doubts about the u.s. intelligence
agencies all 17 of them now definitely
but let me tell you what I've done over
the last 11 or 12 years on to university
campuses with really brilliant students
in terms of enlightening myself gaining
new insights into what happened not only
in 2002 and 3 but what's been happening
ever since and for that matter what
happened ever since Richard Nixon with
regard to the intelligence community's
what happens is you get people like
Tennant you get people like John Brennan
you get people like John McLaughlin you
get people like Chris Mudd for example
Phil Mudd who was head of
counterterrorism for George Tenet who
tried at the last minute to get me to
put even more stuff into his
presentation about the connections
between Baghdad and al-qaeda you get
people like that who are at the
top that screams all the many dedicated
high moral high character professionals
down in the bowels of the DIA the CIA
the NSA and elsewhere that screens their
views which are often accurate I'd say
probably 80 percent of the time very
accurate from the decision-makers so
what you get is you get people like
tenant and mcLaughlin and Brennan who
shape whatever they can to fit the
policies that the president wishes to
carry out the intelligence therefore
gets corrupted so in that sense I am
still down on the quote US intelligence
community unquote I mean it's really
interesting because a number of the
people you mentioned from the past are
the current commentators on television
yes yes John McLaughlin John McLaughlin
lied to the secretary of state of the
United States on more than one occasion
during the preparation for the five
February 2003 UN Security Council I want
to turn to President Trump speaking to
the United Nations General Assembly in
September the Iran deal was one of the
worst and most one-sided transactions
the United States has ever entered into
frankly that deal is an embarrassment to
the United States and I don't think
you've heard the last of it believe me
it is time for the entire world to join
us in demanding that Iran's government
end its pursuit of death and destruction
it is time for the regime to free all
Americans and citizens of other nations
that they have unjustly detained and
above all around government must stop
supporting terrorists begin serving its
own people and respect the sovereign
rights of its neighbors Colonel Lawrence
Wilkerson respond to President Trump and
talk about the clock being put ever
closer to midnight that agreement the
jace
POA the nuclear agreement between the UN
Security Council permanent members
Germany Iran that agreement is probably
the most insidious and likely way to war
with Iran the Obama regime in a very
very difficult diplomatic situation
achieved the best it could that best is
a nuclear agreement that keeps Iran from
a nuclear weapon and gives us over a
year of time should they try to secretly
break out of it to inspect and find and
to stop even if we had to bomb so it is
an agreement unparalleled in regard to
stopping Iran's search for if it ever
had the desire to a nuclear weapon
if Trump undermines that if this
administration undermines that then
there is no and they are moving fast to
do that there is no other alternative if
you look at it now my colleagues and
some of my opponents in this will say oh
no that doesn't necessarily mean more it
certainly does if you continue this
march towards Iran's unacceptability of
Iran's having a nuclear weapon because
then we will have intelligence telling
us that Iran is I know the foundation
for defense of democracy and others will
never let this rest we will have
everyone telling us that Iran whether
they are not is going after a nuclear
weapon once the agreement is abrogated
that means the only way you sure the
American people in the international
community the region Saudi Arabia's
salivating for a war with Iran with
American lives at the front that means
the only way you stop Iran under those
circumstances is to invade 500,000
soldiers and troops you better have some
allies ten years four or five trillion
dollars and at the end of that 10 years
it looks worse than Iraq did at the end
of its 10 that's what you're looking at
over the long haul if you say this
agreement is no good and AB
get it because if it's still
unacceptable that Iran not got a nuclear
weapon the only way you that you assure
that is by invasion bombing won't do it
all bombing will do is drive them
underground they'll develop a weapon
their work with the North Koreans and so
forth we know they have worked with the
North Koreans in the past and they will
develop one and then they'll be like kim
jongwan they'll present us with the fait
accompli nuclear proliferation is a real
threat right now and I agree with the
bulletin of the atomic the atomic
scientists bulletin that the the hands
on the Doomsday Clock are now at two two
and a half minutes or so from midnight
we are more in danger of a nuclear
exchange on the face of the earth than
we were in probably any time since 1945
and that includes the Cuban Missile
Crisis in 1962 and the Berlin crisis
that more or less preceded it this is a
dangerous time and we have a man in the
White House who is a dangerous president
Colonel Wilkerson on Wednesday defense
secretary James Madison de de Pentagon
request to develop new so-called
low-yield nuclear weapons telling
reporters the u.s. needed a more
complete range of nuclear options and
this comes as the Trump administration
has unveiled its new nuclear weapons
strategy which involves spending at
least 1.2 trillion dollars to upgrade
they say the US nuclear Ark arsenal your
response make that about two to three
maybe even four trillion dollars because
that's what the cost overruns will be
and that's what we'll spend over the
next 10 to 15 years to do this and we do
not need it just look at some of the
components of this we're looking at a
b21 bomber for the Air Force for example
that's going to be so expensive the Air
Force won't even tell the Congress how
much it's going to cost we're looking at
a nuclear-tipped cruise missile for that
bomber which negates the need for the
bomber it's redundant but we're gonna do
it anyway this is to assuage the
military-industrial complex in America
that deals with nuclear weapons this is
to spend lots of money and keep lots of
nuclear scientists and others in their
jobs I understand that but I don't I
don't condone this kind of money being
spent this is to respond to the Russians
whose military doctrine
now includes using small yield nuclear
weapons should they be invaded by NATO
it's written in their doctrine this is
to further per debate the situation with
the Chinese who were taking mouse'
tongues nuclear philosophy and throwing
it out the window and thinking oh maybe
we better build lots more nuclear
weapons so we can ride out a first
strike and retaliate this is all because
of the United States is all because of
what's happening in the world post Cold
War that we all thought was going to be
more peaceful and is turning out to be
more tatis person Trump just tweeted
just signed bill he's talking about the
spending bill our military will now be
stronger than ever before we love and
need our military and gave them
everything and more first time this has
happened in a long time your last 10
second response not the first time
Ronald Reagan did it 82 83 84 and he did
it on politicized intelligence about the
Soviet Union we knew it was falling
apart at that time but that didn't go
along with his arms build-up that's
exactly what Trump is doing and he's
using military to gain more votes well I
want to thank you so much for being with
us Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson served as
the secretary as the chief of staff of
the Secretary of State of : Powell from
2002 to 2005 that does it for our show
very happy birthday to Mohammed tagine
democracy now produced by Mike Burke
Rene Feldstein Augusto nermeen Shaikh
Carla Wells Laura goddess Dino Sam al
Kahf check us out on Facebook Roku
Instagram and more I'm Amy Goodman
thanks for joining us
you
