this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we turned to
Venezuela where president Nicolas Maduro
has survived an apparent assassination
attempt Saturday officials say two
drones loaded with explosives detonated
above Maduro as he gave a nationally
televised speech at a military event in
Caracas it was the first known attempted
assassination by drone against a sitting
head of state Venezuelan television
showed Maduro looking up at the sky
after hearing the sound of an explosion
during his address after the sound of
another explosion security rushed to
surround the president while hundreds of
other soldiers ran for cover seven
people were injured
officials say neither drone reached its
intended target area before detonating
two videos posted on Twitter showed
drones at the scene one shows a drone
crashing into a building the other shows
a drone exploding in mid-air in a
televised speech hours after his address
was cut short by the assassination
attempt Maduro blamed colombia for the
attack there's been an attempt to
assassinate me I have no doubt that this
all points to the extreme right in
Venezuela in alliance with the right in
Colombia and that Colombian President
Juan Manuel Santos is behind this
attempt I have no doubt preliminary
investigations have indicated to us that
there are various financial backers of
this attempt on my life they live in the
United States in the state of Florida
hopefully President Donald Trump's
government is willing to fight these
terrorist groups which are attempting
great attacks against countries on this
continent in this case Venezuela
meanwhile on Sunday the Bolivian
President Evo Morales tweeted within the
last 12 months US Vice President Mike
Pence made three trips to Latin America
to meet at least eight presidents from
whom he demanded support for a military
intervention against our brother
president of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro
those are the empire's coup attempts the
Bolivian President Evo Morales tweeted
speaking on Fox News Sunday national
security adviser john bolton denied the
u.s. was behind the apparent drone
strike assassination attempt in Caracas
well I can say unequivocally there was
no US government involvement in this at
all
now with respect to what happened last
afternoon look it could be a lot of
things from a pretext set up by the
Maduro regime itself to something else
a group of Venezuelan soldiers calling
itself operation Phoenix has claimed
responsibility for the explosions in a
communique posted on Twitter the group's
former leader Oscar Perez was killed in
a shootout with the government in
January after he hijacked a helicopter
last year and fired at government
buildings Venezuelan authorities say
they've arrested six people over
Saturday's incident Maduro replaced
longtime President Hugo Chavez after
Chavez died of cancer in 2013 he was
elected to a new six-year term in may
well for more we're joined by three
guests via Democracy Now video stream
Alejandro Velasco is with us associate
professor at New York University where
he's a story of modern Latin American
Latin American he is the executive
director of the executive editor of
Nakhla report on the Americas and the
author of the book barrio rising urban
popular politics in the making of modern
Venezuela he was born and raised in
Caracas also with us here in studio
Gabriel Hetland assistant professor of
Latin American Studies at the State
University of New York in Albany and in
Washington DC were joined by Mark
Weisbrot co-director of the Center for
Economic and Policy Research president
of just foreign policy we welcome you
all to democracy now let's begin with
Alejandro Velasco can you talk about
what happened this weekend in Caracas
first time an assassination attempt has
been made against a head of state using
drones yeah it was a very confusing
situation Maduro and most of the high
command military command as well as
officers of the United Socialist Party
that he presides over were gathered to
celebrate the 81st anniversary of the
National Guard which has become very
prominent in the security apparatus in
Venezuela
and as he was laying out some of the
reforms that he just recently announced
to try to right the ship of Venezuela's
economy what the video showed was or
what you heard from the video was a very
loud explosion and his wife first lady
CDF note is reacting quite surprised and
another general behind them seemingly
fainting and then followed a couple a
few minutes after a few seconds after
that by another very loud explosion and
then cameras turned to the assembled
soldiers below who began to scatter at
that point the the feed closed so from
then you know what we heard was that
there were two separate drones filled
with c-4 explosives that detonated near
a this was you also have to nourish this
is right in the downtown very densely
packed area of Caracas detonated outside
of an apartment building and since then
even though there have been initial
reports that perhaps it have been
instead a a gas explosion and one of the
apartments subsequent reports have have
disproved that theory and it's quite
clear now that there were actually a c4
equipped drones that were but exploded I
wanted to turn right now to April when
Vice President Mike print pens speaking
at a Latin American summit in Lima Peru
said more must be done to isolate
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro we
must all stand with our brothers and
sisters suffering in Venezuela
and I can promise you the United States
will not rest we will not relent until
democracy is restored in Venezuela and
the Venezuelan people reclaim their
birthright of Libertad in June the
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro
called pensive VIPR
and vowed to defeat what he called
Washington's attempts to force him from
power
every time the poisonous Viper of Mike
Pence opens his mouth I feel strong or
clear of what the road is the road is
ours it is Venezuelan it is not the one
Mike Pence points out to us not twenty
poisonous snakes not twenty fibers like
Mike Pence I wanted to bring Mark
Weisbrot into the conversation ahead of
just foreign policy with the Center for
Economic and Policy Research can you
talk about well what evil Morales the
president of Bolivia tweeted about
saying Pence has made several visits to
Latin America pushing for he said
military intervention in Venezuela and
if you think there's any relationship
between that and what happened this
weekend the first assassination attempt
by drone against a head of state
anywhere in the world
yes well I don't have any evidence that
the u.s. was behind the attack it is
kind of unusual the State Department was
asked to comment and they said they had
no comment on the attack which normally
you know given what the United States
has done in Venezuela for the past
twenty years they would at least you
would expect them to say we're against
any kind of assassination or any kind of
violence like that and they didn't say
that but I mean they've been trying to
get rid of the Chavistas for twenty
years now and the difference between the
Trump administration and the two
previous administrations is that they're
more explicit as you noted they've
called for military of military coup in
Venezuela which is something I don't
think they've done for 50 years they
didn't even do that in Chile in 73
for the coup happened they've they tried
to in the last presidential election in
Venezuela they tried to force they
threatened the opposition candidate who
ran in the election and Rafael cone they
threatened him for running in the
election they threatened him with
individual financial sanctions against
him if he ran in that race because they
didn't want an election so they're very
committed to a regime change strategy
and it's explicit and it's open that's
the real difference between you know
what they did in the past like the 2002
coup for example which the Bush
administration was involved in but they
denied that and now it's it's very open
and explicit and the media here kind of
ignores it they treat the United States
as primarily a bystander and
occasionally report when you know
something comes out like Trump asked his
advisers if they could have a military
intervention that was reported in the
press and then they just go on as though
the United States has nothing to do with
any of this so that's something I think
that's really important that you're not
getting in the news at all and then you
have you know the whole narrative that
this has something to do with human
rights so when Marco Rubio who's
basically in charge of policy here for
the Trump administration and his Florida
crony who's the US ambassador to the
Organization of American States and he's
you know he goes to around two countries
there and threatens them and tells them
to vote with the US and all this is is
is treated as though they're trying to
promote human rights in Venezuela and
again the media accepts this narrative
and then you look at the US allies in
Latin America you look at Mexico where
over a hundred journalists have been
killed and in most of those cases
there's government involvement
implicated and you don't have a single
case in Venezuela in the last 20 years
of a journalist killed where the
government is implicated and you look at
Guatemala where most were you know you
talk to a human rights defender there
and they don't expect to be alive
year from now again you don't have
anything near that violence in Venezuela
and Colombia human rights defenders and
activists are being killed every week as
you've reported on this show and again
you see it's it's nowhere near so that's
not defending the Venezuelan government
that's just saying that anyone who
states publicly that this intervention
by the United States which is constant
which is includes a financial embargo
that's explicitly intended to prevent
the economy from recovering anybody who
says that this has something to do with
human rights has to be dishonest I want
to go back to national security advisor
John Bolton speaking on Fox News Sunday
denying the u.s. was behind the drone
blast in Venezuela on Saturday these are
things he's said before and you have to
take them for what they're worth if the
government of Venezuela has hard
information that they want to present to
us that would show a potential violation
of US criminal law we'll take a serious
look at it but in the meantime I think
what we really should focus on is the
corruption and the oppression of the
Maduro regime in Venezuela
Alejandra Velasquez can you respond to
what he said not only talk about the US
but also president Maduro is talking
about the outgoing President of Colombia
being behind the Santos who will leave
office tomorrow tomorrow is inauguration
day in Colombia yeah I mean
interestingly ghulam BIA even as the
rest of Latin America over the last 10
20 years or in the so-called left turn
or cantide most countries in Latin
America were electing left-wing
governments Colombia sort of bucked that
trend and so first with the presidency
of adubato would Eva who was Santos as
mentor and then with Santos and some
extent continuing the policy come on
maybe the position itself as very much
against not only Venice what does
Bolivarian government but more broadly
through the left in the region of course
that relationship has become even more
soured of
many Venezuelans have flocked to
Colombia over the last year year and a
half as economic conditions have the
curated there and not only that but I
think importantly it's worth mentioning
that many opposition leaders including a
group that fashions itself the the
office the national Supreme Court in
exile actually conducts its business in
Colombia with the support of the
Colombian government and so there's sort
of a parallel government that's that's
housed in Colombia
and so all of this sort of suggests that
Colombia really is positioning itself as
very much against the Venezuelan
government on the other hand you know
it's it's it's true that Venezuela and
Malouda have consistently used to blame
Colombia and Santos in particular for
some of these interventionist moves and
then tying it to the United States and
the close relationship between Colombia
and the United States my own sense is
that at least in this case the sort of
the the very kind of amateurish features
of the of the attack even though there
was sort of the high-tech drum component
to it really suggests that it's more of
a rogue element that's taken advantage
of the sort of wink and nod classic yes
we will publicly condemn or even you're
not say anything against you know
interventionist efforts but we're not
going to you know we're not going to be
sad if the Maduro government leads right
and so my sense is that that's the
nature of the support right now that the
it sort of cover rather than any
technical or material assistance but
yeah that's certainly been the case in
the past and the timing of this
professor Gabriel Hetland the timing of
this attack on Nicolas Maduro and do you
think it's clear that it was an
assassination attempt I think nothing is
entirely clear at the moment but it
seems to be an attempted assassination
against Maduro and the timing of it is
disturbing
mostly because Maduro has finally done
some things that need to be done in
Venezuela accepted some responsibility
for the economic crisis which has really
been devastating the country and taken
some actions not entirely adequate but
some actions to actually move and his
whele in the right direction
specifically starting to discuss the
much needed currency reform which mark
has written about widely for years and
talked about which is the number one
factor behind the economic crisis and so
about a week and a half ago Maduro was
making some changes
he was also sort of meeting with
grassroots sectors talking about moving
Venezuela in a different direction and
all out of the blue we get this drone
attack which could really sort of charge
things up in Venezuela move the country
back to a crisis scenario and make the
possibility of economic reform and
dialogue with the grassroots sort of
Chavistas sectors much more difficult so
it's a sort of tragic timing and it may
not be coincidental at all we're talking
about Venezuela where President Nicolas
Maduro survived an apparent
assassination attempt on Saturday but
officials say two drones loaded with
explosives detonated above Maduro as he
gave a nationally televised speech at a
military event in Caracas again the
first known attempted assassination by
drone against a sitting head of state
our guests Alejandra Velasquez negative
editor of Nakhla report on the Americas
also with us Gabriel Hetland associate
professor of Latin American Studies at
State University of New York and Albany
and Mark Weisbrot in Washington DC of
the Center for Economic and Policy
Research Alejandra can you talk about
the popular sector and what's happening
now in Venezuela and the response to
what took place on Saturday yeah so the
response actually has been pretty muted
on Sunday a little called for a rally in
solidarity and support and it was you're
not very well attended he's called for
another rally in support today on Monday
which especially because it's a weekday
many government officials turn out to
turn out for those rallies so we expect
more support to be shown there but I
think in terms of popular sectors and
what they're going through of course is
they're bearing the brunt of the
economic crisis to which Gabe just
alluded mostly daily life is a struggle
to try to just get basic access to foods
to medicines to cash which is in short
supply as hyperinflation is exploding
and so most of the days really spent in
the grind of trying to
to get by from one day to the next that
of course has lets a significant amount
of discontent some of which is expressed
for instance again as Dave just
mentioned it resent very you know very
large peasants March that saw hundreds
of people husband hundreds of peasants
from the interior of the country where
where the economic conditions are most
acutely felt walking to Caracas to make
demands upon the president he met with
them there so there's a lot of
discontent certainly among popular
sectors but that's of course muted by
the fact that there isn't really a
credible opposition that they might
watch on to as an alternative so as far
as popular sectors are concerned they're
really sort of stuck between a rock and
a hard place and to some extent that you
know that's expressed in the the lack of
of direct support that I would have
received on Sunday when he called for a
rally mark I wanted to ask you about
this opposition group frente Amplio a
broad front issuing a statement accusing
the Venezuelan government of leaping to
the assumption the explosions were an
assassination attempt and of making
irresponsible accusations without any
proof saying we warned that the
government is taking advantage of this
incident to criminalize those who
legitimately and democratically opposed
it in deep in the repression and
systematic human rights violations and
yet you have this group that by Twitter
has taken responsibility for the attack
mark Weisbrot yes well I mean that was
part of the media and narrative in fact
el pais for a while had a headline up
saying opposition accuses the government
of staging the attack and the other
headlines calling at a supposed attack
and so you had that and that el pais
usually leads the a lot of the reporting
in Latin America L places in Spain and
so you do have a lot of that out there
and a lot of confusion over it you know
again I don't know any more details on
what you see let me ask Gabe headland
you have this group operation Phoenix
claiming responsibility a group of
Venezuelan soldiers their former leader
Oscar Perez killed in a shootout with
the government in January after he
hijacked a helicopter
you're firing at government buildings
yeah I mean I think that what the crisis
what the attack shows is sort of a
crisis of the opposition the opposition
by and large boycotted the election in
May there's a lot we can criticize about
the election but there's a lot to
criticize about the opposition and their
lack of a sort of strategy for engaging
with the economic crisis for engaging
with popular sectors which Alejandra was
talking about and so I think that this
is an expression of the crisis of the
opposition and their inability to come
up with any sort of strategy and the
more the us pressures the government of
Venezuela the more it opens up elements
on the fringe to do things like this and
finally Mark Weisbrot the Atlantic's
Peter Barnett wrote before becoming
national security advisor John Bolton
declared we once had a capacity for
clandestine efforts to overthrow
