is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman we
begin today's show in Syria where
tension is mounting between Israel and
Iran on Thursday Israel bombed dozens of
Iranian targets inside Syria and the
largest attack by Israel since fighting
began in Syria in 2011 Israeli
authorities said the attack was in
response to Iranian forces firing 20
rockets at Israeli forces in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights Israel's
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
Iran had crossed a red line though
Israel has offered no evidence the
rocket attacks were carried out by Iran
the international community must prevent
the entrenchment of Iran's codes for
some series we must unite so that we may
sever the spreading limbs of its evil
there and in every place
I repeat whoever hits us we will hit
back Sevenfold whoever prepares to
strike at us we will act to strike it
down we've go for him this is what he's
done and this is what we will continue
to do earlier today iran's Foreign
Ministry said Israel's claim bed an
Iranian rocket attack his quote freely
invented and baseless meanwhile more
evidence is emerging that it was Israel
not Iran that began the escalation this
week the New York Times reports an
Israeli missile strike on Wednesday hit
a village in the Syrian Golan Heights
the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
also reports Israel carried out a
missile strike Tuesday near Damascus
killing at least 15 people including a
deer on ian's that strike occurred just
hours after President Trump announced
the United States would pull out of the
Iran nuclear agreement to talk more
about the rising tension between Israel
and Iran and what's happening in Syria
as well as Israel and Gaza we go to
London where we're joined by the Iranian
American professor Lada khalili she's a
professor at soaz University of London
she's the author of a number of books
including time in the shadows
confinement in counterinsurgencies
welcome to Democracy Now awfully late
can you start off by talking about these
latest developments between Israel and
Iran in Syria yes thank you very much
for having me I think it's really
important to note two things about this
that there's one element of this that
has drew
really to do with the Trump announcement
about the u.s. pulling out of the
nuclear deal but before I get to that I
want to mention that what Israel has
done over the course of the last few
days and as you mentioned just in your
preceding introductory remarks to this
is that Israel's modus operandi is to
try to generate conflict by provoking by
acting very provocatively this is a
long-standing activity as standard
activity of Israel in fact it's part of
what moshe dayan boasted about about
their ability to actually get the
syrians to shoot at them between 1948
and 1967 when Golan was a demilitarized
zone he famously talked about how the
Israelis would send tractors into the
Demilitarized Zone and if the Syrians
wouldn't shoot back at them they would
send them in further in order to provoke
conflict in order to provoke than in an
encounter so this is actually quite a
familiar activity of the Israeli
military it's not something that they
have just started doing having said that
it's really important to note also that
this is actually in this particular
moment a very dangerous outcome of Trump
president Trump pulling out of the
nuclear deal with Iran in effect what
his pulling out of the deal has done has
given a green light to Israel to do as
it wishes and in fact as you mentioned
just hours after Trump announced this
withdrawal from the deal that Israeli
started attacking now we have no idea
whether the 20 rockets that were fired
into the occupied Golan were actually
Iranian rockets or Syrian rockets if
they are Iranian Rockets then they are
probably more than anything else the
kind of a symbolic activity by the
hardline military advisors Iranian
military advisors that are in Syria but
there's really no telling that this is
an Iranian activity especially given
also the weakness of of the firing I
mean if really they wanted to attack
they probably could have done a lot more
damage than just a bunch of rockets and
it would have probably gone further than
occupied Golan now having said that
it's also interesting because I was just
reading this morning that in fact before
attacking Syria so extensively with a
number of airplanes and hitting
something like 50 military bases and
depots that the netanyahu government and
in fact Netanyahu himself specifically
warned the Russians about what was
coming and apparently the Russians then
flew to Iran and warned the Iranians
about what was going to be happening
after the firing of those rockets and so
part of the reason that we see so few
casualties on these military hits the
numbers range between well 3 Syrians
have been killed and then some number
between 10 to 20 Iran Ian's apparently
have been killed as well but we don't
actually know the exact numbers and the
Iranians have not acknowledged any kind
of casualties in this so but there's a
lot of stuff going on in the background
that we don't hear about so what we see
actually on the stage is a lot of
posturing by all the different active
parties in in this quite sordid drama
really let me go back to Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speaking
yesterday yakov atom at Google annoyed
to update them so Iran crossed a red
line our response was appropriate
the idea of carried out a barrage strike
a very broad strike against the Iranian
targets in Syria
thanks to correct preparedness of our
forces both in attack and in defense the
Iranian action failed no rockets landed
in Israeli areas the people of Israel
are proud of the idea and the people of
Israel trust the IDF we're in the midst
of a protracted battle and our policy is
clear we will not allow Iran to entrench
itself on Syria yesterday I sent a clear
message to the Assad regime our action
is aimed at Iranian targets in Syria but
if Syrian army will act against us we
will act against it this is exactly what
happened yesterday batteries of the
Syrian army fired ground-to-air missiles
against us and we hit them professor
hallelujah response yes well it's quite
interesting because on the one hand this
is actually quite frank on his behalf
the Israeli military very often attacks
I don't
when internally domestically there's
some sort of a dispute or there's some
sorts of conflicts as we know
Netanyahu's been under investigation etc
and so the military often attacks in
order to make some domestic gains but I
also think that there's something else
at work here that is that there is
increasing unhappiness with the ways in
which Israel conducts itself both
internally and in the region and we see
a lot of that with what's going on in
Gaza and so I think there's this kind of
a militant Praetorian activity by the
Israeli security establishment again is
a standard modus operandi in the sense
that the Israelis keep the population on
site by engaging in acts of war now
having said that I also have to say that
Israel the State of Israel is not
exactly worried about all those millions
of Syrians that have been attacked by
the Syrian regime supported by Iranians
and Russians they're not they don't care
about the displace they don't care about
the internal repression in Syria what
they're really worried about is the
balance of the geostrategic balance of
power in the region Syria as we know has
has been a long-standing ally of Iran
since the Revolution in fact than it was
for a time the only Arab Ally Iran had
in the region and it has acted as a kind
of a land supply bridge to Hezbollah
which also happens to be the only Arab
force that has actually ever defeated
Israel in in face-to-face battle now
Hezbollah has lost an enormous amount of
credibility in Lebanon and other places
because of the ways in which it has
supported the Syrian regime but
nevertheless it does pose as a threat to
Israel and part of the activity that
Israel has undertaken is precisely this
but there's also another element of this
that does have to do with the Trump
announcement of withdrawal as your
viewers know very well after HR McMaster
drop stepped down or was fired as the
national security adviser to President
Trump President Ron Trump's new choice
of national security adviser has been
John Bolton he's been one of the most
long-standing neoconservative proponents
of some sort of a head-on confrontation
with Iran now given that a head-on
confrontation with Iran is actually not
on the books right now certainly I don't
think that the US military would support
any such a thing
what we see is a kind of a two-pronged
action by the Trump regime the Trump
administration and that is putting
economic pressure on Iran via the
sanctions which are going to be
reinstated now or strengthened now
because a lot of the sanctions weren't
removed yet I mean it's important to
note that as well
and the second is to actually use their
very good employment client in the
region which is the Israeli state to
conduct military activities against Iran
it's not like the Israel has started
conducting military activities against
Iran there has been a long period of
Israeli assassination for example of
nuclear scientists inside Iran and
elsewhere and there has been proxy wars
between Iran and Israel again primarily
via Hezbollah in Lebanon but I think
that this is also a part of a longer
range strategy of people like John
Bolton and his allies and supporters
within the u.s. in order to sort of
generate a degree of instability for a
rhombic economically and militarily what
would be interesting is the extent to
which Iran would be willing to take the
bait on this I mean there is there has
been some interesting responses very
divided responses official responses
from Iran I was looking at some of the
Iranian newspapers and it seems that
some of the Revolutionary Guard
commanders in Iran have been quite
celebratory whether facetiously or
genuinely about Trump pulling out of the
nuclear deal because they feel that this
essentially lays out clearly where the
u.s. stands whereas of course President
rouhani and others who support him have
been conciliatory and have tried in some
ways to maintain the nuclear deal with
the other five signatories the three
European states plus China and Russia
and so the so what is interesting is in
some ways this is 11 dimensional chess
there's all sorts of calculations and
calculus is going on by all sorts of
actors and actually to be totally honest
none of the actors whether they're
States or governments are acting as a
unitary cohesive unit
in the US there's going to be some
pushback if for example Trump wants to
start a full-on war there's going to be
pushback from the military the same is
true in I think in in Israel and and of
course Syria doesn't act with one voice
and in Iran is divided so so there is
quite a lot of politicking that is going
on behind the scenes which is at the
moment quite murky to actually cut
through and things might become a little
bit clearer in the future I think it's
really important to note at this point
though that the Europeans are also
playing a very interesting role in this
I have been reading that the Germans
have spoken about extending lines of
credit to the businesses that might be
hurt by the new sanctions regime there
has been a list drawn up of what sorts
of support or protection can be put up
against extraterritorial sanctions that
the Trump administration may be
enforcing against European powers
there's been some attempt to get a
waiver for European firms engaging in
business in Iran and there's some I mean
this is extremely significant when you
talk about for people to understand
about European businesses of course the
European countries who are part of the
Iran nuclear deal say they are
wholeheartedly behind it you know they
came to us to lobby Trump not to pull
out he did but this means that those
European companies that are doing
business in Iran because they can and
it's legal will now are afraid of being
sanctioned by the US for doing this yes
yes that is correct I mean at the moment
the only sanction that has been really
involved in some senses that put in
place has been a sanction against
ostensibly a number of businesses that
are in some way the Trump administration
claims tied to the Revolutionary Guards
but there has been very big concern in
the European side about what might
happen to companies like for example to
tell the French petroleum company that
has deals in Iran or with Renault
or Audi or other companies Airbus that
might be engaging in business in Iran it
is really important to note though that
although some of the sanctions have been
softened up and after the jcpoa went
into effect in 2015 not all of them had
been removed a lot of Iranians that you
would talk to would talk about how
difficult it was to still get any money
transfer to Iran for example and so in
some ways what the Trump administration
is doing is ensuring that no more of
softening of the sanctions happening and
of course the Europeans as I said are
quite concerned about this who that
might be the beneficiary of this is of
course the Chinese and the Russians
businesses that tend to have workarounds
around these forms of sanctions so it
would be very interesting to see whether
a whether the Trump administration will
really take its trade war rhetoric
further and implement these sanctions
against European countries not just Iran
ian's but European countries and
businesses and B whether there would be
other non Atlantic states like Russia
and Russia and China that would benefit
from these from reinstitution of
sanctions should they happen to the
extent that many fear we have to break
but we're gonna come back to this
discussion let me ask you one last
question before we do and that is do you
think there is going to be a war between
Israel and Iran in Syria I really really
hope not but for one thing if the arena
warfare is Syria the Syrians have
suffered enough from the repression of
this Assad regime from the bombings from
all sides from an opposition that has
been divided in quite brutal and from
all external powers that have been using
it as a kind of a proxy for their
warfare and I certainly hope that there
won't be any kind of warfare between
Israel and Iran because ultimately the
the victims will end up being the people
who have had nothing to do with the
decision-making processes that are being
made right now
I tend to be slightly less pessimistic
and part of the reason that I'm less
pessimistic is because I think that both
Iran and Israel recognized the the
extent to which such war could actually
damage them internally there might be
some fantasies who think that such a war
could actually bolster the power of the
hardliners and Bowe
sites but I really do hope that cooler
heads will prevail at least in Iran if
not in Israel and we're gonna break but
we're gonna come back to our discussion
we want to particularly also talk about
what's happened in Gaza 47 people have
been killed by Israeli forces thousands
shot
luckily Leah's a professor at so as
University of London we'll be back with
her in a minute
