[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh as
we continue with part two of our
conversation with Jason Stanley
philosophy professor at Yale University
his new book just out is titled how
fascism works the politics of us and
them his previous book how propaganda
works so I'm sure you've heard the
criticism professor Stanley that it is
ridiculous to talk about Nazi Germany to
make comparisons to Trump's America
right now to talk about fascism
why do you bark when you hear that well
my work is about rhetoric and propaganda
and I don't think there is any doubt
that we are seeing classic fascist
rhetorical tropes and propaganda tropes
right now now are we seeing fascist
policy implemented are we seeing
opponents imprisoned well not yet we're
not seeing that partly because our
institutions are holding up perhaps
partly because there isn't an intention
of going that far we are however seeing
a one-party state already we're seeing a
rent warns us of that stage of one-party
state a one-party state is when
politicians of one party betray and
Hannah Arendt's words loyalty to party
over parties by which she means loyalty
to their political party over a
multi-party political system and I think
we are seeing that I think we are seeing
members of one political party betraying
loyalty to their own party over having a
multi-party system we're seeing two
governor gubernatorial candidates Kris
Kobach and Kansas Brian ARP and Georgia
who are running on a platform of voter
suppression that's why they're running
so we're seeing we're seeing very strong
elements of a one-party state which
Arendt warns us is a pre fascist moment
but so I don't think it's at all too
extreme to be talking about this we have
to remember that not all fascist
governments ended up doing what not the
Nazis did
Mussolini didn't there was and there's a
number of fascist movements that did not
result in genocide right now air Dewan
and Turkey Putin were or bon but they
all are harshly homophobic harshly
sexist harshly xenophobic and I don't
think there's any question we're seeing
that and you mentioned Brazil in the
first person ro is running I you know
I'd rather have a dead son than a gay
son the problem was not torturing
leftist the problem was not who the
problem was not killing them so we're
seeing we're seeing people out-compete
each other saying he didn't want to
saying to a congresswoman you're too
ugly to rape hmm saying that when he
first his he had four sons and then when
he got weak he had a daughter and then
you have president Trump's overall love
of autocrats
like duterte of the Philippines
absolutely which is enabling those
autocrats this is a mutual movement like
the nineteen late 20s and early 30s with
the global with the universal fascist
movement when Trump says each of us is
about how were great well that taps in
to the ultra nationalism in the late 20s
in the early 30s the response to
globalization where it was the same
thing and they feed off each other how
did Hitler rise to power Hitler rose to
power in a den election what election by
election by election by running by being
harshly by attacking democracy is
corrupt by presenting himself as an anti
corruption by attacking the by by very
much the politics by speaking in extreme
ways that shocked people and led people
to think that he was really authentic
unlike the sort of weak hipa hypocrisy
of democracy I mean he was mocked you as
a third party candidate but you had
parties having to form alliances yeah we
always see in these moments just like
The Wall Street Journal looks like they
just endorsed bowls Inara we always see
the business elite party with
ultra-nationalists
there they see the oligarchs and people
in russia party go going together with
putin because they have the same
these labor unions you know so they
think oh we can smash the labor unions
we're seeing the Upper Midwest movement
the de vocÃªs the the the forces that
that helped smash labor right behind
right-to-work laws linked up with this
ultra nationalist movement and this is
very typical we saw this in the 1930s
you know hey I speak in my book and how
fascism works I speak about Hitler's
speech to the industrialist he says look
I'm gonna protect you from government
regulations you'll have your domain I'll
have my domain well yeah you talk about
that government regulations Hitler
saying that he wants to be protected he
will protect the people from government
regulations but also as you point out
one of the central pillars of fascism is
the prevailing sense of victimhood with
majority populations claiming victimhood
so I want to turn to to Trump's comments
during the protests around then Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh is
confirmation after 300 protesters were
arrested on Capitol Hill last week Trump
tweeted quote the very rude elevator
screamers are paid professionals only
looking to make to make senators look
bad don't fall for it also look at all
of the professionally made identical
science paid for by Soros and others
these are not signs made in the basement
from love hashtag troublemakers he
tweeted earlier this week Trump mocked
California Democratic Senator Dianne
Feinstein claiming she leaked a letter
written by professor Christine Blasi
Ford a legend Cavanaugh tried to rape
her when they were teenagers Trump then
laughed as his supporters chanted lock
her up referring not to Hillary Clinton
but to senator Feinstein how about
senator Feinstein this another beautiful
that's a beauty did you leak the
documents well huh what no I
did we leak generally
no we didn't did you ever see no she has
no he just said no we didn't
[Applause]
[Applause]
last week Trump also claimed that it was
a scary time for young men in the US
it's scary time for young men in America
when you can be guilty of something that
you may not be guilty of it this is a
very very is a very difficult time
what's happening here has much more to
do than even the appointment of a
Supreme Court justice it really does you
could be somebody that was perfect your
entire life and somebody could accuse
you of something does it necessarily
have to be a woman as everybody say but
somebody could accuse you of something
and you're automatically guilty so
that's Trump saying that it's a
difficult time for young men and also
mocking women protesters and also
mocking we didn't play that mocking the
testimony of Christine Blasi Ford so can
you talk about in this in the context of
fascism and the pillar that you name
majority populations claiming victimhood
yes this is a just probably the dominant
theme in countries that fall prey to
fascist politics Hitler just talked
endlessly about the victimization of
Germany in World War one I think we find
now the purest form of this and the
men's rights movement the backlash to
feminism it's always the case in fascist
ideology that the dominant group is
victim of victims of liberalism feminism
cultural Marxism movements for equality
because the idea of fascism is hierarchy
and so the idea is one group always has
to rule so any group that attempts to
gain equality is represented as really
trying to take over I want to go to
another clip of President Trump and this
is about don't believe what you see now
your previous book is about propaganda
so let's go once again to that clip just
remember
what you're seeing and what you're
reading is not what's happening so we
have to make our country truly great
again remember make America great again
and then in two and a half years it's
called Keep America great so I want to
go address two issues in this one is
don't believe what you hear and say and
the other one is goes to your first
pillar in your ten pillars of fascism
where you talk about the mythic past
make America great again and how that
compares to other Authority Rhian
leaders
so everything in fascism is about
smashing the truth and replacing it with
loyalty and power so the mythic past the
make is about you connect people the
fascist in times of when fascists
fascists politicians seek to connect
people's anxiety with a sense of loss so
they create this glorious past and they
say the reason that you feel anxious the
reason you're angry and fearful is you
lost you lost that past when you were
respected just for being a man just for
being white just for being Hindu in or
whatever the identity is and so it
creates this sense of incredible
yearning loss and of course it's a lie
because there never was such a great
mythic past so you get people used to
this politics of fiction this politics
of myth and then you they get addicted
to you they get addicted to you as a
person who child channels that and you
also want to show your power that's the
second feature only believe me you want
to show that you are so powerful and
macho that you're more powerful than
reality itself well I want to ask you
about another pillar of fascist politics
that you've identified in the book and
that's anti intellectualism now arguably
and in the context of Trump arguably
anti intellectualism has been present
throughout much of American history why
do you think that the anti
intellectualism that exists today is so
different from that which preceded it
well one of the things one of the ways
in which my book differs from the other
crisis
of democracy books is I emphasize the
continuity of today with the past I
don't think we should be talking about
what's happening is some deviation or
break from the past I think we should
talk about it as as a gut check moment
to face our own proclivities we've
always had these anti intellectual
sentiments I'm not saying that that anti
elitism is always unhealthy it's often
quite healthy but in moments when anteed
elitism and anti intellectualism aren't
the same fun are not the same thing anti
intellectualism is an attack on truth an
attack on expertise an attack on
education when Trump says you know the
least that you know the the non educated
those are my base that echoes mine Kampf
when Hitler says propaganda should be
directed to the least educated man
Hitler mocks people who who he says look
at these demagogues there they're
criticized for not making sense but when
of course Hillary Clinton handed this to
him in a basket by talking about the
basket of deplorable --zz yes the one
one mistake she make made which is
endlessly thrown in her face
in contrast to the infinite number of
horrific comments mr. Trump made on the
can god on the trail when you're a
liberal Democrat you cannot ever make a
single mistake well I want to turn to I
mean you mentioned earlier that fascist
leaders produce fears about certain
kinds of equalizing ideologies whether
it's feminism or communism and of course
also socialism so I want to turn to
comments that Trump has made recent
warnings he's issued on the dangers of
socialism this is Trump addressing the
UN General Assembly last month virtually
everywhere socialism or communism has
been tried it has produced suffering
corruption and decay socialism's
thirst for power leads to expansion
incursion and oppression all nations of
the world should resist socialism and
the misery that it brings
to everyone on Wednesday Trump wrote an
op-ed in USA Today asking Americans to
vote for Republicans in the midterm
elections writing quote the New
Democrats are radical socialists who
want to model America's economy after
Venezuela in if Democrats win control of
Congress this November will come
dangerously closer to socialism in
America Trump wrote so Jason could you
talk about that the specter of socialism
that's a classic move by the way I don't
want to say that any any one of these
moves is sort of familiar from
right-wing politics but when they all
come together that's when you really
have to be concerned this move of
painting the center-left as dangerous
social as socialists and communists is
extremely familiar
gurbles himself said the the ordinary
burger the ordinary citizen will not
vote for us unless they're terrified
that the Communists that the Bolsheviks
are coming for their property only if we
can terrify them into thinking of the
Bolsheviks at the card that communism is
nigh that it's right around the corner
and their property is going to be seized
only then will they run into our arms as
their protect as our purpose as their
protectors so that's just this kind of
politics people only will will look at
what's happening in Brazil for instance
people will only embrace the far-right
extremists if they think they need to be
radically protected from from from
left-wing extremists so that's the goal
to paint the center-left that's what the
Nazis did they painted the ordinary
Social Democrats as communists um we had
Michael Morin recently talking about
Fahrenheit 11 9 his new film and he does
a lot of comparisons between Hitler and
Trump but one of the things he says this
is actually not so interested in Trump
he's interested in the people's response
to Trump right he said he's interested
in the good Germans because Hitler
couldn't have risen to power without the
good Germans what does that mean and you
know as we talk about all of this how do
you see the interruption taking place in
the societies you've studied how is
fascism most successfully challenged
azam has to be challenged by by bringing
back a culture of democracy democracy is
a culture it's ademÃ¡s a set of norms for
equal respect for respect for the truth
and so we have to we have to somehow
tamp down fear fear and panic xenophobia
these are things that when people feel
threatened and anxious and atomized they
they turn to powerful leaders to protect
them we need to bring back we need to
look at the targets of fascism so people
forget Martin niemÃ¶ller 'he's in Martin
niemoller poem one of the lines is then
they came for the trade unionists labor
unions why is it that the Upper Midwest
went went red well they eliminated the
trade unions what racism spikes when you
when you eliminate trade unions fascist
movements always attack trade unions
these are democratic organizations we
need to to get people back into
democratic participation when you read
tells us when you atomized people and
you remove them from organizations they
become susceptible to the idea that the
only organization they're a member of is
a race well you spoke last night at the
new school here in New York City in
conversation with Yale historian Timothy
Snyder and Columbia Journalism professor
in New Yorker writer Jelani Cobb now
Jelani Cobb emphasized that one of the
principal reasons for the rise of Trump
or fascist politics more generally has
to do with in the u.s. in particular
defunding public education and he
thought one of the ways that one can
fight a fascist politics is by
reinvesting in education so could you
say what you think the role of education
is here especially public education
public education does two things first
it gives us does at least two things
first it gives us history it gives us
accurate history fascism thrives off
myth off grand myth so think of the myth
making we do about our own country
that leaves us so vulnerable to this
kinds of politics look at how Trump Bob
president Trump uses the Confederacy and
robert e lee and myths about the past
talk to bolster his narrative of mythic
past so buy the actual true history
gives us everyone's perspective not just
the dominant group perspective so we
need that secondly public education
brings all of us together into the same
community so it it brings it brings it
makes young people realize that they are
part of the same community as people of
a different skin color as people of
different economic backgrounds and
different religions and so it makes you
realize that we are together as a
community and so weak it's much more
difficult to demonize one another
well you're the subtitle of your book
though is the politics of us and them so
in fact it's the opposite of I mean it's
like what you're saying is we need to be
brought together this is the division
explain who in this formulation the us
is we know them we know them well in us
in the United States in the case the
United States because in each country
it's going to differ in the case of the
United States it's white Christian men
and and of course you know many white
Christian women are going to buy into
that because patriarchy works like that
but and in fact you make the case that
patriarchy is essential to the rise of
fascist leaders patriarchy fascism is
unthinkable without patriarchy explain
well as I say to my three-year-old when
I'm explaining political philosophy to
him
fascism fascism there's one big daddy so
fat in fascism the patriarchal father
and patriarchy leads by strength they're
they protect he protects his women and
children so what you do in fascism is
you make people think the patriarchal
family is under threat so these values
of the strong men protecting their women
and children are under threat and and of
course you know that's anti freedom
because anti-freedom and anti equality
because women should have the freedom to
protect themselves and to to have
friendships with it with anyone of any
background so what you do is you create
this
fear of threat to the patriarchal family
to patriarchal values and then and then
the leader stands to the nation like the
patriarchal father stands to his family
so speaking of patriarchy I wanted to
turn to the issue of Brett Kavanaugh
certainly interesting from your position
as a Yale professor he he went to
undergraduate at Yale and also was a law
school professor there are many comments
that President Trump made about Brett
Kavanaugh now justice Cavanaugh but I
wanted to turn to the one where he was
speaking at the United Nations and he
held a news conference afterwards and he
talked about at the time judge Cavanaugh
he's outstanding you don't find people
like this he's outstanding he said he's
a gem he's an absolute gem and he's
between very unfairly by the Democrats
who are playing the con game and just a
con game around Brett Kavanaugh I mean
there were so much activism all over the
country particularly at your university
Yale where what over a thousand students
maybe it was 2,000 students spoke out on
this issue and there were protests your
thoughts on what took place and what is
the lesson learned here from many they
believe that after Christine Blasi Ford
testified that Cavanaugh didn't have a
chance
but Trump and Cavanaugh pulled it out
yeah I mean what can so I think that
Yale just about Yale I think it's very
engaged in in the country's problems and
our students our students led this
discussion but at Yale but but about
justice Cavanaugh what concerned me one
of the things that concerned me very
deeply was during his confirmation
