[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue with our
part two on Amazon it made headlines
this week when it became the second
American company after Apple to reach
one trillion dollars in value
Amazon's founder and chief executive
Jeff Bezos is the richest man in the
world with a net worth of more than 167
billion dollars but what's behind that
wealth what about its workers for more
we continue our conversation with James
Bloodworth British reporter author of
the new book hired six months undercover
in low-wage Britain in part one of this
discussion James you talked about urine
bottle that you found in the plant
because people are penalized if they go
to the bathroom too quickly at these
large warehouses for Amazon products
layout for us again what you found when
you worked at Amazon undercover so I
mean the urine bottle was was the most
kind of person at an example of one of
the things of fan but it was it was
effectively a consequence of the
productivity obsession in the Amazon
warehouse so what I mean by that is we
worked in this huge warehouse service it
was the size of 10 soccer pitches so
Amazon would boast about how big this
warehouse was it had four floors and I
would be working I was working on the
top floor of this warehouse and so and
there were two toilets the other end of
the warehouse so if you you know if you
were working on the top floor where I
was and you needed to use the bathroom
you have to walk down four flights of
stairs you have to go through airport
security to use the bathroom and and
this would take you know five to ten
minutes to kind of do this and so you
have a situation where workers many
workers are afraid to go to the bottom
because they were constantly being
admonished by management for taking
so-called idle time as they would call
it when there's there's kind of three
four five minutes on your on your
handheld device which says you haven't
been you know productive during that
time
James just for people to understand I
mean I'm thinking how do they know
you're going to the bathroom how do they
monitor you so so yes that's that's a
good question so what happens is every
every Amazon shift for an order picky
you have you have this handheld device
which you take around with you
and what it does is it directs you
around the warehouse like an algorithm
and it tells you which items you have to
pick and whereabouts in the warehouse
those items are but it also management
also monitor these it also sends things
that sends information down to kind of
central computers at the bottom of the
warehouse and management can also send
you messages through about you know your
productivity rates etc to these devices
so well obviously if you go to the
toilet
it's the devices you know it's clear
that you're not picking orders during
that time because you you're you're
you're taking so-called idle time as
they would call it an Amazon didn't make
any allowance for things like toilet
breaks things like water breaks even
even chatting with colleagues we would
be were told off for while I was working
as warehouse everything is centered
around productivity I mean in that sense
it's almost a throwback to the kind of
scientific management theories of
Frederick Taylor from a hundred years
ago everything is about productivity and
anything whatsoever any human you know
foible which which which happens to all
of us they need to use the bathroom they
need to take a day off sick occasionally
is the amazon takes a very dim view of
this because it damages that that
productivity supposedly some of the
workers compared it to modern-day
slavery
yes i mean i went back to the Amazon
warehouse in in Britain where I worked
at recently I went to speak to some
workers some Romanian workers who were
still there and they said to me they
compared it to me to to modern slavery
and I mean that sounds really shocking
and again it's aspects of the job I
would compare it to that but but again
this is their lived experience working
in this warehouse so I mean these are
people the people like who said that to
me were from Eastern Europe they've
worked in factory jobs they've worked in
poorly paid laboring jobs and they're
comparing a life in a in a rich Western
country at this company to modern
slavery I mean I think that's absolutely
damning in part
of our discussion we started to talk
about the number of times workers had
called ambulances to the warehouse that
you worked in explain yes so I mean
there was some there was some data that
came out today from one of the trade
unions in biggest trade unions in
Britain which showed that ambulances
ambulances had been called to the Amazon
warehouse I worked in over a hundred
times in three years and this was four
things women you know women working
through heavily pretty well heavily
pregnant having to be rushed to hospital
to have babies essentially it stemmed
from people are afraid to take days off
sick because I mean when I worked there
there was you were given a disciplinary
for being sick if you took a week off
sick you were very very close to losing
your job
however for whatever reason you know if
you had a note for the doctors whatever
so it seems again similarly with the
with the finding the bottle of urine I
mean that happens because people are
afraid to take toilet breaks ambulance
is being cool to the warehouse again it
happens because people are afraid to
take a day off sick vais reported that
in May ambulances were called to
Amazon's British warehouses at least 600
times in three years yes I mean again
it's the same same thing I mean this
what this shows is I mean the the the
report that came out from the GMB trade
union survey showed the ambulances were
called over a hundred times to one
warehouse the warehouse I worked in but
the fact this information from vice what
it shows is that it's not an isolated
thing it can't be blamed on the
management in one warehouse because it
seems to be happening happening all over
at least in Britain and as as as we
heard earlier in your program there was
is there a similar examples coming from
the United States can you talk about
workers efforts to unionize yes I mean
it's very very hard to unionize at
Amazon in Britain at least because the
trade union laws are quite strict it's
very hard for even trade union
representatives to get anywhere near the
premises of an Amazon warehouse to
actually hand out leaflets or even to
speak to workers to tell them what their
rights are so the GMB union work has
been to warehouses like the place of the
warehouse I worked in in in Britain and
security chases them out of the carpark
amazon threatens to call the police if
they're just on the inside the carpark
if they're within kind of a quarter of a
mile of the of the Amazon warehouse it's
very hard for trade unions to even get
inside these places actually you know
speak to workers hand out leaflets and
tell workers what they're entitled to at
work and there's also such a high
turnover of workers so when people are
being fired for you know very for all
kinds of things so if you're being
losing your job because you've taken
time off sick
you're losing your job because you've
you know you're missing productivity
targets that's this huge turnover of
staff so it's very hard to set up a
union and in an environment where the
workplace is constantly turning over so
Jeff Bezos is the richest man in the
world 167 billion dollars they say he's
worth not that a person is worth any
amount of money but that's what they say
is his value the level of wealth that
Jeff Bezos now has the level the size of
Amazon it's it's become kind of obscene
it's it's become kind of for the average
person I mean for all of us I imagine
that level of wealth is is unimaginable
but again it's it's important to you
know just not just to treat this as you
know this entrepreneur who's done this
fantastic thing and this is why all of
this money has that's kind of acute he
accumulated all of this money it's built
on the impoverishment of of his
workforce is built on the the kind of
the mistreatment of in my opinion of you
know vast vast numbers of his workforce
I mean we when we order something on
Amazon we we click on the screen we
don't really see the chain behind that
and what goes on and you know I think
it's imperative on on us as citizens but
it's also imperative on on governments I
mean Bernie Sanders has been has been
rightly talking about this but it's
absolutely imperative on us as citizens
to actually take an interest in what
goes on behind this kind of facade of
entrepreneurialism Jeff B's us on the TV
and the news you know formulating over
how he's going to spend all his money
but we have a responsibility as citizens
to look at how our fellow citizens who
work for Amazon are being treated and
and my experience was that they're being
true
appallingly I mean he's talked about
beginning to give away some of his money
what about two workers I mean that would
be nice I mean it's it's you know
philanthropy is all well and good but
how about Amazon just you know pay for a
start pay that the taxes that they ought
to be paying in Europe at least at the
moment we have a situation where the
rich is the biggest multinational in the
world headed by the richest man in the
world is receiving government subsidies
I mean in the US for things like food
stamps in the UK for workers on tax
credits and also workers who and also
further for the subsidization of
warehouses in certain places so the
government here local authorities in
Britain have actually used government
money to entice Amazon to come to their
area by building the warehouse building
the special roads that amazon needs for
its lorries and yet Amazon is a company
which biggest multinational in the world
which has been found not to be paying
you know what most people would consider
a sufficient rate of taxes I find the
whole situation to be obscene and and I
really hope that the politicians will
actually do something about this because
it's it's it's I mean it's it's not just
it's crony capitalism you don't have to
be a you know a socialist you don't have
to be a someone who wants to kind of
abolish capitalism but it's it's
completely crony capitalism where the
state is subsidizing this company which
does all it can to avoid taxes and does
all it can to to kind of treat workers
with a lack of dignity and respect you
have cities incentivizing Amazon to come
there to build their vast warehouses
there so they subsidize them for example
Oh building special roads for their
trucks to get there talk about both
cities subsidizing Amazon and the fact
that Sanders is focusing on now senator
Sanders here in the United States
unveiling legislation this week
requiring large employers like Amazon to
cover the cost of federal assistance
received by their workers subsidizing
Amazon in all different ways
yes oh I mean one thing that happens
here with with the state subsidizing
Amazon to light incentivizing Amazon to
kind of come to their area is we have we
have the equivalent in in Britain of
what would be called the Rust Belt areas
in the United States so so areas where
industry had kind of disappeared in this
in the 80s and 90s so coal mining power
you know power station steel steel works
and places like this they disappeared
and they left big swaths of kind of
unemployment and social problems and so
what happens is Amazon this is like the
Amazon warehouse I worked in was in just
one of those places a former coal mining
area so what happens is Amazon looks for
a location to to put its warehouse or
its fulfillment center as it calls it
and some of these local authorities you
know they're desperate for jobs they're
desperate for as one local politician
put it from to meet from one of these
areas you know we're desperate for our
people for any kind of jobs so Amazon
comes in promising to create all these
jobs and the council then it's the local
authority then offers you know there's
several instances of this happening in
the UK offers to pay for you know the
warehouse for for Amazon to use to build
it build to build a special road that it
needs for the you know their heavy goods
vehicles to the to go back and forth
from the warehouse and this is because
they're absolutely desperate for jobs
and then later on they find that you
know very few local people are doing
some of these jobs
it tends to be migrants who are bused in
from from Eastern Europe because the
local you know there's a kind of British
citizen and I imagine it's the same to
some degree in the United States you
don't expect to be to be treated like
that in in a modern workplace and the
fact that Eastern Europeans very very
often impoverished Eastern Europeans are
willing to do that job over here all
that says is it's simply a sign that
they are more desperate for there are
just more desperate more impoverished
than many British citizens so they end
up doing the work and it's with food
stamps again I mean we have that
something in the UK called tax credits
which is a similar thing so it's topping
up the wages of low paid earners and
when you have people working for you
know the wealthiest the big
multi-national the wealthiest man in the
world they're working for him and having
to get their wages topped up by
taxpayers by the state by all of us all
the rest of us every working person
again that seems completely backed up
back to front it's very much obscene
that this is happening you talked about
the speed with which you had to work in
the warehouse and you're we're saying
you're very physically fit you go to a
gym you are extremely challenged by what
you had to do talk about the length of
time you have to work and then whether
this also applies Amazon offering a one
in two hour delivery for its Prime
subscription customers how does it
affect delivery rates when people you
know think oh I'd like to get it fast
what does that mean for a worker I mean
the the point about you know fit my own
fitness I make because sometimes after
when my book came out you'd have some
people who defend Amazon on the basis
that you know well you know you just
don't like hard work you've never been
in a warehouse before et cetera
I mean I've literally come back from the
gym before I did this interview hence
wearing the the sweat the sweat clothes
but it was a case of we had to walk
about 10 to 15 miles
so anything up to 20 kilometers a day in
this warehouse picking orders off the
shelves you had to run very often in
order to hit your productivity targets
I've mentioned you know it was it was
very hard to take breaks for things like
toilet to drink water to eat properly so
so it's it's exhausting work and I found
it very hard to keep up with the
productivity targets as someone who you
know goes running who hits the weights
and I felt that you know this is the
biggest employer in this town there's no
longevity for someone who who's maybe a
little bit older maybe who has a
disability who's a little bit overweight
there's no look there's no longevity in
a job job like that for that for that
person because you're not going to be
able to keep up with the the kind of
absurdly fast productivity rates you're
not going to be able to to keep your job
and yeah so it's incredibly hard to just
to see how that's that sustainable you
know as a kind of as a as a working job
in in our economy for people to kind of
keep their head above water so
when you were writing your book what was
Amazon's response and how do they
respond to are you calling for something
like a boycott of Amazon I mean they
since the book came out is when they've
really responded because since then
they've kind of pursued me around
television studios and any time I've
been in the media they've kind of put
out statement saying that all their
workers are happy et cetera et cetera
yeah I mean consumer boycotts are I
think I think that's one kind of arm of
this kind of fight back against the way
Amazon are treating their their workers
so I mean the problem is it's is
small-fry
I mean consumer boycotts those people
who can afford to shop ethically I think
should do I think I mean I don't use
uber and Amazon anymore whereas I did
before I wrote the book but I think you
know the bigger issue is things like
change I changed the laws to make it
easier to get trade unions into some of
these workplaces and actually in the bin
Britain at least the enforcement of
existing law so when I was working on
ours and some of the employment agencies
that Amazon used they weren't paying
people the minimum wage I mean that's
already the law but it simply needs to
be enforced and and again there's an
there's another kind of I mean you
mentioned Amazon Prime etc before and
the speed of this I mean there's another
kind of site of this which is Amazon
delivery drivers who again a really
under pressure there's kind of the uber
ization of delivery driving more
generally and Amazon is just one kind of
branch of that where you're having
drivers at some of these companies
having to to if they take a day off sick
they have to find someone else to cover
their shift or take 150 pounds out of
their own pocket to pay to get to the
company just a miss shift and this is
you know this is a real throwback to
some of the labor issues that we had you
know 100 years ago it's as if the second
part of the 20th century you know the
New Deal in the United States the
welfare state in this in Britain it's as
if those things almost never really
happened and the big financial crisis
crisis of 2008 has been used by
companies like Amazon companies like
uber so kind of chip away again
many workers rights and get around them
because on the
one hand they've been allowed to do that
by by the laws that exist the strict
laws that exist on things that trade
unions and also because the government
governments haven't been haven't had
enough of an appetite to actually crack
down on on companies like this
have you seen sorry to bother you the
new film by boots Riley no I haven't I
do need to see this because I've heard
about it several times hey watch this he
calls the company worryfree
finally in the United States Amazon is
building its second headquarters and
cities are vying for this all over the
country what do you think people need to
know as their city buys for Amazon to
come to town I mean I think what I what
kind of one piece know is that there's a
dark side to this to this company I mean
there's it spent so much money on on
public relations I mean we've seen the
story last week that amazon has been
paying people to to say positive things
about it the company on social media I
mean imagine if it spent some of that
money on on treating staff better
instead explain what you mean what you
