[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we're joined now by the
band sin Kane led by the Sudanese
American musician Ahmed Jilla
the influential music site pitchfork
described jalops music saying if any
artist deserves to swerve around a
borderless earth with a real world
passport it's the London born Sudanese
artist amid Jalad listen to his
catalogue under the sink cane moniker
and you'll hear fragments of sub-saharan
pop shoegaze afro rock electronica
krautrock and everything in between all
melded into his own funky blend Ahmed
lab also heads the atomic bomb band
which pays tribute to the legendary
Nigerian funk musician William unable
sing Cain's latest record life and
living it well today Ahmed Jalad and Cyn
Kane join us here on Democracy Now as
they perform in our studio
[Music]
the first to say rah gonna be alright
[Music]
brah gonna be alright it's always been
the way we've always have been alright
we've always have been alright and blue
sheet am i color sheet am I
who could she
we're gonna be alright and these
American musician at mid-july and
welcome to Democracy Now thanks for that
was great thank you so much so I'm glad
you think things are going fine uh-huh
well talk about that song you know I
think that people like me and I think
the rest of the United States needs some
sort of inspiration you know and um I
think that what I really wanted to say
is you know times are tough right now
but it's always been that way you know
well you can talk to any person from any
generation and they'll tell you about
the tough times during their time you
know and what I've realized is we've
gone through all of that stuff and the
reason why is because we've always had
hope and I think that it's important for
me to have that hope for people who are
like me who are dealing with stuff and
also people who are discouraged right
now you say in the song if we illuminate
ourselves we'll overcome
hmm talk about that well that's what I
mean I think that if we if we have hope
and we truly believe that things are
going to be alright you know we will
overcome through all of the tough times
through the darkness and through all of
the terrible things that we're reading
in the news you know and we need to
stick together as a family as a
community as people who want things to
be better how did you choose your band's
name sing came sin cane is a misheard
word actually I I was listening to a lot
of Kanye West when I started the band
and there was a song of his called never
let me down on his album the college
dropout and in the song there is a lyric
that says I want to give us us free
likes in K I misheard sin k is sin Cain
and I thought to myself who is a sin
Cain who is this person he's talking
about he he must be this monolithic
African God who inspired the entire
continent of Africa whose story has been
passed down from one generation to the
next through folklore and broto
to the United States through the slave
trade and so on and I never thought to
myself that I should look it up on the
internet until many weeks later when I
finally did I realized I completely
misheard what he was talking about he
was speaking of Joseph simce who was a
slave who led the revolt on the Amistad
ship and I just finished my album my
first album and I needed a name and it
was google proof and I figured maybe
I'll just be sinking so talk about when
you started sin cane and talk about your
band and what you represent
I started the band in 2007 and it was
right after a lot of other bands that
I'd played in had broken up for one
reason or another I needed to do
something musical you know that's what
I've always wanted to do my entire life
and I couldn't really live without it
and I thought to myself what if I
explore all these ideas in these
interests that I have I've never really
been able to do that on my own maybe I
should just do something that's all
ultimately mine
and so I I called a friend and I asked
him to record this music that I that I
had made and through that process I
realized I was learning a lot about
myself and who I really was you know as
a first-generation American who came in
from Sudan living in the United States
and also going back to Sudan and living
there I had a lot of issues of identity
and Who am I am i American and my
Sudanese and through this project I've
been able to really explore my identity
and understand my duality and really
have they come to peace with my duality
and along the way my band mates have
also had the opportunity to do the same
you know and we this band has become the
ultimate testament of the American Dream
we're all dreamers you know all of us
come from many different walks of life
many different places from the world in
the United States you know and we are
tied together by this music that we
really feel and we see ourselves in so
it's been a really amazing experience
for me understanding Who I am
and coming to peace with my duality but
it's also been the the greatest showcase
of of America to the rest of the world
you know we aren't we are a people who
are who are colorful you know when we
inspire through that you know when you
can see us all coexist with one another
and be excited and play this music that
we love and just be inspired by one
another talk more about where you were
born who your parents were and how you
came to the United States and where you
came from okay
I was born in London England my dad was
a diplomat working for the Sudanese
embassy there we soon moved back to
Sudan we lived there for about five six
years and in 1989 the current leader of
Sudan now or Mata Bashir overthrew the
government through a military coup and
my father was affiliated with the
government and we happened to be in the
United States while he was studying and
we gained asylum here because a lot of
his friends would were disappearing or
being killed and so I came here when I
was five years old thinking that it was
just going to be one year and we're
gonna go back to Sudan and we stayed
when we had to start all over my parents
went back to school and we moved from
one place to another and after a couple
of years my mother and my sister and I
would go back to Sudan and visit our
family in Sudan every summer so I'd
spend three months out of the year in
Sudan come back to the United States for
school and it really kind of shaped Who
I am you know and it's a lot it was a
very confusing time growing up because I
didn't know where my place in the world
as an American or as a Sudanese person
you know I'd go back to Sudan and people
wouldn't really accept me as a fully
Sudanese person because I didn't live
there and I'd be in the United States
and people wouldn't really understand
who I was or what my identity was
because I wasn't fully American but you
know do people respond to you
differently as African American versus
African do you see it
once there yes absolutely well I I don't
see much of a difference you know
because I I feel like I connect with
many different people from all over the
world you know because I've been able to
travel a lot and experience the world
and it's allowed me to experience the
world with an open mind you know I never
lived anywhere for more than four years
until I moved to New York almost ten
years ago so I would I grew up meeting a
lots of different kinds of young people
who lived in many different places all
over the United States whether it was
Africa or the United States or or the UK
or wherever I was and it to me I saw
similarity and all these different
people we all experienced things in the
same way we all love and hate or or feel
nostalgic or a sad sad in a similar way
you know and when we connect to things
in a very viscerally in a very similar
way but a lot of people didn't
understand me because I wasn't quite
like them you know whether it's some of
some of my white friends or some of my
african-american friends growing up or
so my Sudanese friends you know there
are a lot of different people who didn't
quite understand it I want to go back to
a huh you so smoothly moved from English
into Arabic and back and I wanted to
play a little more of the song and the
air we've always have been
[Music]
my color sheet Amma
who couldn't she
we're are gonna be alright and pushy
tomorrow
she tomorrow
[Applause]
we try
ah gonna be alright
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
if we nail I say
we love your car
fine
[Music]
and
[Music]
two of my sister's gonna make this right
extreme
we're gonna make it right we don't
[Applause]
we've always have been alright
[Music]
always have been alright and glue sheet
Nishida mama
we're
me all right
[Music]
where are gonna be all right
we know shadows aren't a
ah
goes
it's no
[Laughter]
we
and
but if we need us
[Music]
we love
[Music]
find some deity
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
and it's my latest album life and living
it talked about your grandfather hmm his
music and talk about how it influences
you
my grandfather sagacity chef light
humble he was a really famous and well
respected Muslim cleric in Sudan
he had a mosque name there for him and
would have these really great Sufi
gatherings in Sudan centered around the
birth of the Prophet Mohammed other or
other religious holidays and he him with
a few other people would recite
religious Scripture in the same song
there was a call-and-response where a
person sings and when the crowd responds
or or the people who respond back to as
a kid I would go to these I'd be in
Sudan and go to these and I would have
these overwhelming tantric experiences
where I felt I felt so moved by his his
singing you know and I remember almost
hallucinating at times and the feeling
this overwhelming sense of joy and
happiness and calm you know and that
really allowed me to understand
spirituality in this really beautiful
way and I've been able to or I aim to
take that feeling that I had and try to
re-appropriate it into the music that I
do you just recently Ahmed went back to
Sudan as you do but you went with your
whole band can you talk about that
experience I it was the greatest musical
experience I've ever had and I think it
it might have been similar to the rest
of the band you know I'd been back in
Sudan for 11 years
so this is the first time that I was
able to go back there as an adult and I
had a few days before the band came to
just hang out with my family and see
Sudan a little bit and once they came we
all traveled together to the festival
and it was four hours north of the
capital and there's a small town called
caramel corn which is the hometown of
tapes author who's a an author from
Sudan what it allowed me to do is see
Sudan for what it truly was you know
it's a it's a country made out of many
different kinds of people you know
though if you walk around in the
marketplace in Sudan you'll see many
different faces many different accents
many different kinds of people and you
travel from doing the capital down to a
wade which is the capital city of the
region kurta fan or you go up north in
karma :
where we were we did the festival there
are many different kinds of people there
and the generosity and hospitality and
just the the vibrancy of everyone there
is just so apparent and it's so exciting
and I didn't expect to have a concert
like that at all and people were so
excited and so happy to be there and
dancing and just showing a lot of love
and Sudan is a country made out of a lot
of love and it was really exciting for
me to experience that talk about how
people respond to you as for example as
you're performing you talked about maybe
feeling apart from Sudan when you're
they consider you their Sudanese
American or from Britain or born in
Britain but now you're this major
performer coming back home yeah I think
that that went all out the window when
we performed you know people were just
so excited to to be there and so excited
to enjoy the experience with me you know
and I was excited to join they enjoy the
experience with them and I really truly
felt at one with everyone not just the
people of Sudan but my band you know we
were all there to represent ourselves as
this
this entity you know that like kind of
transcends the the identity that you
have to be one kind of person you know
we we all kind of like feel ourselves in
this music and just allow ourselves to
be a one with everything around us you
know and in Sudan I felt I really truly
felt that life and living it is your
latest album why'd you call it that I
mean the songs are very autobiographical
they're all about the experiences that
I've had growing up I think the more
that I write music the more I'm
influenced by experience and things that
I've dealt with or things that my band
has dealt with or we've collectively
dealt with that we relate to that we
want to write music about and ultimately
I want to connect with people music sin
Kane is an opportunity for me to connect
with people who are like me who have
grown up in a foreign place for where
they're from and have the issues of
identity like I've had more people who
just feel different they don't have to
be Sudanese or they don't to be non
American or whatever they just feel
different from from a society at large
and they they just want to show people
that they're not alone there are a lot
of people like us and you can come to a
sinking show and be calm and be at peace
with it
introduce us to favorite song favorite
song is a song I wrote about an
experience as a DJ I think a lot of
people who DJ run into the situation
where people come to them and ask them
to play music for you know they say well
you know if you if you only play this
song the whole place will explode and
everything will be great
and I'd like to humor that and play the
a lot of DJ's won't won't play well any
requests but I like to do it and I
remembered a specific time playing that
playing someone's favorite song and the
whole place kind of got excited you know
it was it wasn't just this one person
who liked the song everyone liked it you
know and they all kind of like felt like
they were floating and just in like this
suspended sense of happy
you know and I thought it'd be really
funny to write a song about it you know
and just further connect with that
experience let's go to favorite song
syncing
[Music]
won't you take me to that place where I
lose my sensor time
where I ski Muffy
[Music]
when I feel most light won't you play my
favorite my favorite
[Music]
lay my favorite
won't you playing my favorite song my
favorite
[Music]
my fear is
[Music]
cartoons
I don't wanna weigh
I don't wanna weigh
Media z
[Music]
feeling in my body
feel it in my baby
I feel it in my body feel it in my body
[Music]
my favorite my favorite blame my
favorite
you blame my favorites
my favorite son only my favorite son
whoa when I see
when you
yeah
you do
oh you wanted to come
[Music]
[Music]
when I see
whoa when me
you wanted to
[Music]
yes and new
[Music]
to
oh you wanted to come here
[Music]
whoa
see
yes you
you wanted to come
you
[Music]
whoa
to
Wow
my favorite song my favorites
[Music]
play my favorite song
would you play my favorite song my
favorite song
my feet
[Music]
to play my favorite song
my favorite song name my favorite
won't you play my favorite song my
favorite song playing fear is
[Music]
[Music]
that's sin Cain and Sudanese American
musician Angela singing favorite song
from their latest album life and living
it you talked about your grandfather who
was a Muslim leader in Sudan but you're
heavily influenced by someone else as
well talk about William Onion blur and
what he has meant in your life and how
you're trying to spread his music as
well when I was about 23 years old and I
was starting sin Kane I was really
trying to figure out a way to transcend
the idea of the music where I came from
and the music were from the and also the
music from America that I was trying to
