[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part two of our
conversation about the opening of the
National Memorial for peace and justice
that just opened in Montgomery Alabama a
monument to victims of white supremacy
in the United States the memorial
centerpiece is a walkway with 800
weathered steel pillars overhead each of
them naming a u.s. county and the people
who were lynched there by white mobs I
want to turn to the niece of Fred Croft
telling the story of how her family was
impacted by racial terror in Gadsden
Alabama this video was produced in 2017
by the equal justice initiative and
partnership with Google as part of the
lynching in America storytelling project
as a child my aunts and uncles were like
movie stars to us living in different
parts of the country you know that was
my uncle in Detroit or Los Angeles and
my uncle Freddy lived in New York but he
never came back home to visit my dad I
never knew the reasons why until my dad
told me this story one day this group of
white men came to my grandpa's house
asking to bring my Uncle Fred out and
Fred was a young teenage boy they said
this is a white girl somebody pushed her
off the back porch and the little girl
she stood up said I told y'all it was
not him but the guy said I know it was
Fred we coming back so my granddad told
my daddy run downtown tell Fred do not
come home
and my granddad got Fred out of town
with nothing but the shirt on his back
so if my uncle fred was there at home
that day you just knew it would not have
ended well I was a grown woman when I
heard the story so for me it really came
into perspective that's why you have
seven uncles who leave and never come
back to Alabama we continue now our
conversation with Bryan Stevenson
founder and executive director of the
equal justice initiative the nonprofit
behind the national memorial for peace
and justice Bryan we talked in the first
segment about the beginning of this
memorial I was wondering if you can take
us on a walk through since you have been
through it now so many times through the
museum and just point out what you are
most affected by and also talk about the
soil samples you have in the museum yeah
well we've been working really hard on
this when you walk through the front
doors of our museum the first thing you
see is a sign that says Montgomery a
city shaped by slavery and what we
really want to do is to kind of retell
the history of our community Montgomery
was the cradle of the Confederacy was at
the heart of this effort to preserve
slavery forever and we haven't really
talked about that and you see that sign
you see a big sign that says you're
standing in a warehouse where formerly
enslaved were enslaved people were held
and that authenticity is part of what
we're trying to present to and then you
walk into a space which replicates the
warehouse the slave pens where people
black people would be enchained and held
pending an auction and I just don't
think we actually have an optic for
slavery that's very disruptive that's
very discomforting we make our pictures
of slavery too often benign and people
look happy and comfortable but in our
museum you see
these slave pens and when you walk close
to the pin what emerges is the ghost of
an enslaved person it's a hologram and
these performers actually recite words
from slave narratives they're
first-person accounts of enslaved people
expressing their grief and anguish their
fear and anxiety about what's about to
come when they get to the slave auction
you hear a woman singing in a slave pen
and she's singing some of these
spirituals that we sometimes hear but it
has a different impact when you see it
being sung by here at st. being sung by
someone in a pen so when she says Lord
how come me here I wish I'd never been
born it just has a different resonance
and then you walk into the main exhibit
and you'll see banners that present
slave catalogues in the language to see
a catalogue with the label Negros mules
carts and wagons I think for me is
really powerful you'll see the slave
narratives and you hear enslaved people
saying things like slavery selling is
worse than flogging one woman says she
said I've been my back has been beaten
many times but has always healed they
sold my husband away and my heart is not
right yet we really try to tell this
story about how 50 percent of enslaved
people were separated from their
families their children their siblings
during the domestic slave trade and then
you move from slavery into lynching
where we have this wall of jars that are
filled with soil collected from various
lynching sites that community volunteers
went to and it's quite for me moving to
see the names of these victims
immortalized in this way and create this
image that makes a legacy of lynching
tangible then there are the signs of
segregation the white only signs the no
coloreds all of that which I think we
have to remember to appreciate the
commitment that these communities made
to keep black people oppressed and it
wasn't just people in Klan robes it was
the legislators and the governors and
the elected officials that were saying
segregation forever and finally you
enter a part of the museum where you see
incarcerated men and women and you go
into the visitation boost that millions
of people have entered during
era to see their loved ones and you hear
their stories of wrongful conviction of
unfair sentencing of conditions of
confinement we had letters from our
clients and all of this is designed to
kind of show this line that that
continues from slavery through lynching
through segregation to this era today
where black and brown people are often
presumed dangerous and guilty well when
you take it to today and this is an
issue of issue of equal justice that you
have talked about so often about the
mass incarceration of people of color
you have the Montgomery advertising of
advertiser your local newspaper
apologizing for its coverage of lynching
and of slavery but just in a recent
editorial you know in the last few years
an editorial says put new prisons on
table how do you talk to them because
you're from the same town and your
lauding what they have done around
apologizing for lynching around current
criminal justice or injustice policies
yeah well I think that for me is the the
essence of this when we have a
consciousness of how frequently we have
failed to address racial bias and
discrimination I think it can hope
hopefully hopefully increase our
consciousness now I mean the reason why
the United States Supreme Court issues
the decision that issues in Shelby
County the case where they decided to
retreat from the Voting Rights Act is
because they don't actually understand
the weight of this history the legacy of
this history the reason why the United
States Supreme Court in McCleskey versus
Kemp in 1987 talks about the
inevitability of bias and discrimination
in the administration of the death
penalty is because they don't understand
the obligation the moral obligation to
overcome this history our journalists do
this all the time they minimize bigotry
and discrimination they marginalize
stories about racial bias and I think to
get them to understand why they should
not do that we have to remind them of
how they are replicating the failures of
journalists generations before them
during the civil rights era
most southern newspapers were
indifferent to the activism of dr. King
or hostile to it and you know I've said
this before everybody wants to think
that if they were alive during slavery
they'd be an abolitionist everybody
wants to think that if they were active
during the time of lynching they'd be
rallying against and trying to prevent
lynchings most of us believe that if we
were alive and in a position to march in
the 1950s would be on the side of dr.
King but today we are in the face of all
of these problems one in three black
male babies is expected to go to jail or
prison there are these constant unarmed
shootings shootings of unarmed black
people and the question is if we're not
prepared to respond to these issues if
we were not prepared to act today that I
don't think we can claim that we would
have acted any differently during
slavery and lynching and segregation so
that consciousness for me is critical to
creating our institutions not just the
press but our courts the police law
enforcement our elected officials to
think differently about this continuing
legacy of bias and discrimination that
manifests itself all the time all the
time and that's the challenge that I see
us trying to take on with these cultural
projects so Brian last month protesters
repeatedly occupied the Philadelphia
Starbucks to denounce Starbucks for
racial profiling after a video went
viral of police arresting two
african-american men for being inside
the coffee shop their lawyer says the
two men were waiting for a third person
to arrive for a business meeting when a
Starbucks employee called the police
within minutes and claimed the men were
trespassing
so the Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson has
apologized calling the incident
reprehensible in response to the
pressure Starbucks said it would hold a
nationwide racial bias sensitivity
training on May 29th that all their
employees have to go do they're going to
close the stores for a number of hours
for this I'd like to ask you what you
would like to see that racial
sensitivity training teach people who
you would like to see teaching it what
you'd like to be said yeah well I think
the first thing is that you know we're
not going to get people we're
they need to be during a four-hour train
and we're not going to be able to
achieve what must be achieved during
that moment but if we can start this
process of committing to recovery and
acknowledging how implicit bias and
overt bias makes us vulnerable to
precisely the tragedy of what happened
in that story I think that's a positive
thing I'm actually more impressed that
they're closing the stores that there
will be some economic consequence to
this incident than anything because I
think what we've done too often in the
past is we've tried to minimize these
incidents we've tried to explain them
away and I don't think that's the right
response we need to say you know what
something terrible happened this should
have never happened we want to teach all
of our employees that this is something
that is not acceptable we want a signal
that this is a big deal that this
happened and those kinds of gestures I
think are key you know I don't believe
you know as somebody who defends people
who sometimes commit crimes I'm still
committed to this idea that were all
more than the worst thing we've ever
done that there has to be space for
recovery and redemption and restoration
I wouldn't be able to to do what I do
for my clients if I didn't believe that
and so I think there is a way to do
better but we have to understand the
nature of the problem and you are one of
the people to that problem and you're
one of the people who's designing this
you also sherrilyn Ifill head of the
n-double a-c-p legal defense and
education fund heather mcgee a head of
demos former US Attorney General Eric
Holder and Jonathan Greenblatt CEO of
anti-defamation league though the ADL
who came under some criticism there was
a protest at the at the local Starbucks
and in Philadelphia where protestors
were concerned the idea was involved
citing their concern about what's
happening in Israel Palestine and the
ADL's position on that and the lack of
endorsement of black lives matter yeah
ADL will not be involved in the
curriculum development and I'm not
actually going to be involved in that
either I'm not I'm not an expert on
training around these issues my interest
is in actually
looking sure that corporations respond
appropriately when they have these kinds
of issues there are going to be some
great people that are going to be
involved in putting together that kind
of curriculum but I don't think anybody
should expect that you can undo 400
years of bigotry and discrimination in a
few hours I don't I don't think that's
realistic I don't think that's
achievable I think what we have to
commit to is a long term process and not
just Starbucks employees if we made
every Starbucks in America a safe space
for people of color we would not have
achieved anything that we can celebrate
because Starbucks is not the world the
places that we have to work on our
courts and our elected of spaces are
schools where black children are often
victimized and and suspended and
expelled I mean I'm very sort of
supportive of this effort but I don't
want to be at all die Eve about what
happens in a Starbucks being the answer
to what happens in America we have a
schoolhouse to jailhouse pipeline we
have jails and prisons that are filled
with folks who are not a threat to
public safety we have black and brown
people being menaced and targeted by the
police we have a network of political
discussions that always exclude people
of color and until we confront those
spaces and challenge those places we're
not going to be able to achieve the kind
of justice that most of us see that's my
challenge that's my heart finally Bryan
Stevenson if you could talk about your
life how you went from death penalty
lawyer to really being the founder of
this movement that is now well
culminated this weekend just the
beginning with the monument and the
museum against slavery lynching white
supremacy mm-hmm well I guess I've
always thought of myself as a civil
rights lawyer social justice lawyer and
the death penalty was just the issue
that was my priority I think you know
the death penalty is lynchings step-son
and because it is so racialized and
biased I felt like I had to address it
but I've always thought of myself as a
social justice lawyer and I think of
this work it's consistent with that
challenge that calling to do social
justice I'm excited
because I think it's the critical next
step for us to create institutions that
can respond to the legal arguments we
make about bias and discrimination and I
hope people do come to our community and
to see these sights to go to these
museums and memorials and experience
this history in a meaningful way and it
being in this last 30 seconds at this
time during the Trump administration
your thoughts on the precedent well I
think this country is in the middle of
an identity crisis the fact that we have
tried to romanticize our history I mean
when I hear the president talking about
make America great again
I don't know as an african-american what
decade I'm supposed to want to relive
and I do think we haven't actually
positioned ourselves to understand some
of these messages I think the politics
of fear and anger is on the rise and
we've got to fight that that's what
created the war on drugs it's what
allowed us to be indifferent to lynching
it's what permitted this bigotry to go
unchallenged for so long so I think this
is a critical time in America where
people committed to justice people of
goodwill have to understand that we
cannot be silent cannot be active we've
got to get up and do the things that are
necessary to create a healthier
community and I mean just a little more
on President Trump from Charlottesville
saying these are fine people to calling
the I think it was the country of Africa
and not the continent well we know the
word [ __ ] but he said the whole thing
yeah well I think it's completely
reprehensible of course and we're not
getting the kind of leadership that we
need to deal with these issues whenever
we start debating slavery and this
happened after Michelle Obama gave her
speech at the Democratic National
Convention you had people arguing was
slavery so bad when people start trying
to legitimate white supremacy and those
who are actively committing violent acts
against people of color then it's the
time for us to realize that this is
something that we need to address
urgently immediately and I just think
we've not been as focused on that as we
need to I think this is a really
important moment in American history
where we're either going to confront
this history and understand that we have
to overcome it or we're going to try to
minimize it sugarcoat it romanticize it
in the way that I've heard the president
do and fall deeper into these patterns
and practices that oppress and
marginalize and minimize some
communities because of their color or
the national origin I mean this is the
same candidacy that talked about banning
Muslims and denigrated Mexicans and I
think all of us have to see the threat
posed by that and take seriously the
political challenge that awaits us in
these coming elections will president
Trump be visiting the monument or
Memorial is he welcome to come I have no
idea we we invite everyone to come I
think there's a lot to be learned here
that that a lot of our elected
politicians could benefit from hearing
and understanding you know I don't know
that any of our officials or many of our
officials have done the kind of
investigative work that is needed to
better position themselves to lead on
these issues that affect so many people
in this country Bryan Stevenson we want
to thank you so much for joining us
founder and executive director of the
equal justice initiative the nonprofit
behind the national memorial for peace
and justice the country's first ever
memorial to the victims of lynching in
the United States he's an attorney who's
worked on death penalty cases in the
deep south for decades the author of
just mercy a story of justice and
redemption speaking to us from
Montgomery Alabama where the museum and
the monument have just opened to see
part one of our conversation with Bryan
go to democracynow.org I'm Amy Goodman
thanks so much for joining us
[Music]
