[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh and
part two of our discussion with Johann
Hari the journalist and author whose new
book on depression is called lost
connections uncovering the real causes
of depression and the unexpected
solutions his previous book on addiction
called chasing The Scream the first and
last days of the war on drugs
Johann you very powerfully talk about
your own life experience explain when
you were first diagnosed antidepressants
how old you were what it meant for you
and then what you came to understand
yeah so I was um I was a teenager when I
went to my doctor and I explained you
know had this sorry I said not easy
things talk about what I had this
feeling like pain was kind of leaking
out of me and I couldn't control it
I couldn't regulate it and my doctor
told me a story my doctor said well we
know why people feel this way there's
this chemical called serotonin in
people's brains you're clearly lacking
it will give you these drugs and you'll
feel better and as soon as I started
taking the drugs I felt a tremendous
sense of relief and release within a
couple of months that sense of pain
started to come back so I went back to
the doctor he gave me a higher dose then
I felt some relief again the pain came
back I was in that cycle until for the
end I was taking the maximum possible
dose you can take for 13 years and you
know at the end of that there were these
team mysteries that were really haunting
me right one was why was I still
depressed I was doing everything I was
told to do I was following that the
story our culture tells and the second
was why are there so many other people
like me you know one in five Americans
will take a psychiatric drug in their
lifetime one in four middle-aged women
is taking an antidepressant a chemical
antidepressant and I just thought can it
really be that this is just due to some
kind of chemical imbalance in people's
brains but I was very afraid to look
into this when you have a story about
your pain even when it doesn't work that
well for you it kind of structures your
distress it's like putting a leash on a
wild animal at least you know where it
is and the act of challenging that story
was initially very disconcerting to me
but
I think the key thing I learned is how
wrong I had been in my life so until I
was a teenager and I went to my doctor I
thought my depression was all in my head
and anxiety were all in my head meaning
you know it's just I've been weak right
I'm I'm just she needs to toughen up and
then for the next 13 years I thought it
was all in my head meaning it's a
biological malfunction it's a you know
chemical imbalance in your brain and the
main thing I learned is whether there
are real biological factors which we can
talk about we can talk about my right
band Berg overwhelmingly it's not in our
heads it's in the way we're living and
there was you know there was several
aspects of that that I found really
really challenging and several of the
causes of depression is I found really
challenging cuz I could see how they had
been playing out in my own life and how
I'd kind of protected myself in that by
just clinging to the this is this really
simplistic story that it's just a
chemical imbalance you talk about nine
causes of depression can you lay those
out and which ones in particular you
think are not included in the way that
that mental illness is diagnosed and
what would happen if they were included
what would the prescription then be yeah
so it's a bit like we were talking about
the cambodian doctor i kept thinking
when i learned about these causes what's
the Cal for these causes what's the
antidepressant that solves this problem
right so that I'll tell you about two
that I found really challenging because
I thought they've played out in my own
life and Amy mentioned this in the intro
to the to the previous part of our
conversation so we all know that junk
food has taken over our diets and has
made loads of us physically sick right
it's not that people have become obese
because they're just weak it's because
there's been a change in our diets and
in fact the amount of exercise we can do
that's made people sick and I was really
struck by the evidence I learned that
there's something similar has happened
with our values so for thousands of
years philosophers have said if you
think life is about money and status and
how you look to other people you're
gonna feel really low right but actually
weirdly no one had scientifically
investigated this until an incredible
professor I got to interview a lot
called Tim Casas who's in Illinois
pathetic Casson knew there are broadly
two ways we can motivate ourselves as
human beings so say that you play the
piano in the morning if you play the
piano because you love it and it gives
you joy
that's an intrinsic reason to play the
piano right you're not doing it to get
anything out of it you're doing it
because you love it if you play the
piano though in a dive bar to make the
rent that you can't stand or because
your parents are really pressuring you
to be a piano maestro that would be an
extrinsic reason to play the piano right
you're not doing it for the thing itself
you're doing it for another reason to
get something else out of it and we're
all a mixture of intrinsic and extrinsic
values but professor cats have found two
really important things the more your
life is driven by extrinsic values the
more you will become depressed and
anxious the more you will have a hollow
life but just as crucially we have
become a society much more dominated by
extrinsic values we are constantly being
primed to think that life is about
buying consuming showing off
demonstrating how we look on the outside
there's a whole machinery of advertising
more eighteen-month-old children
recognizing the McDonald's M than know
their own surname we are immersed in
this from the moment we're born and this
system as professor Casa puts it this
system is designed to get us to neglect
what is good about life right imagine an
advert that said you know a mean a mean
you look great today your hair looks
great
you smell great you're amazing right
that would be the worst advert ever in
terms of the advertising industry
because you wouldn't want to buy
anything so we're surrounded by this
this kind of neoliberal machinery that
makes us feel bad and we've been fed a
kind of KFC for the Soul and professor
Castro showing that that is a factor
that's really you know driving up this
crisis and that was very challenging to
me because I realized how much of my
life was like that but the other factor
that I found more challenging and it's
quite difficult to talk about so I'm
gonna I'll do it as best I can
was was something I learned about from
an amazing man called dr. Vincent
felitti in San Diego and and he does
made it an extraordinary discovery about
depression and should explain how which
but first it'll sound a little bit
strange I can talk about saying else so
he was commissioned in the mid-1980s to
do this research into obesity by Kaiser
Permanente not-for-profit medical
provider in California because they had
just a hugely increase in costs around
obesity so they said you have quite a
big budget and said just do blue skies
research figure out what's going on here
so he starts working with about 350
extremely obese like more than 400
pounds people and one day he had this
seemingly stupidly simple idea he just
said what would happen if really obese
people literally just stopped eating for
a while and we just gave them the
vitamins and nutrients they need would
they just lose loads away so they
started doing this obviously medically
supervised it turned out it worked
people who were more than 400 pounds
went down to like 130 pounds
but then something happened that no one
expected there's a woman I call her
Susan to protect a medical company
confidentiality who went down for more
than 400 pounds to 138 pounds and one
day she just freaked out and put on a
huge amount of weight start compulsively
eating again and Vincent sat with her
and said Susan what did anything happen
that day turned out something had once
she'd been very overweight no men had
hit on her but when she she was in this
this this where she lost a lot of weight
a man hit on her for the first time it
completely freaked her out Vincent said
to her when did you start to put on
weight it was actually when she was 11
he said well did anything happen when
you were 11 that didn't happen when you
were knowing that didn't happen when you
were 13 she said yeah that's when my
grandfather started to rape me she
discovered that 55% sorry dr. felitti
discovered 55% of the people in the
group had been sexually abused Anna put
on weight in the media after month what
he realized is this thing that seemed
irrational extreme weight gain in fat
performed a function as Susan put it to
him overweight is overlooked and that's
what I need to be now the reason this is
relevant to depression is it led to this
incredible breakthrough he wanted to do
a much more detailed study so with
funding from the CDC the Center for
Disease Control everyone who came to
Kaiser Permanente for any kind of health
care over the next year whether it was
broken leg headaches whatever was given
a questionnaire just said did any of
these ten traumatic things happen to you
when you're a kid different categories
and then it said have you had any of
these problems as an adult things like
obesity addiction and then at the end of
depression when the figures were added
up by the CDC it was just astonishing
for every category of childhood trauma
you experienced you were radically more
likely to become depressed if you had
six categories of childhood trauma you
were three thousand one hundred percent
more likely to attempt suicide as an
adult what professor what what dr. Phil
80 showed is that childhood trauma is a
major cause of all sorts of problems and
I found that very challenging because it
made me realize one of the reasons I had
clung to the chemical imbalance the
simplistic chemical imbalance story for
so long because I had experienced some
when I was a kid my mother was very ill
my dad was in a different country I'd
experienced some very very extreme acts
of violence from an adult in my life and
you know I just don't want to think
about it I didn't want to I don't want
to think that that was still playing out
in my life I didn't want to give the
power to the individual involved to have
done that to me I didn't I just didn't
want to look at any of this and I found
that very challenging but the next stage
of dr filiz research i found incredibly
empowering so if people had indicated
that they were you know they'd
experienced this childhood trauma the
next time they went to the doctor the
doctor was asked to say to them
something like I see that when you were
a child you were sexually abused
whatever that indicated I'm really sorry
that happened that should never have
happened to you would you like to talk
about it and a lot of people said no and
a lot of people suggest they were having
five-minute conversation at the end of
that they'd say we can refer to a
therapist if you want well so
interesting dr. Phil et showed is just
that five-minute conversation with
someone a trusted authority figure led
to a really significant fall in
depression and anxiety for people and
the people who referred onto a therapist
there was it even bigger for one woman
wrote to dr. felitti she was in her 80s
she'd been sexually abused as a child
she said I'm so glad you asked I thought
I was going to die and nobody would ever
know so I think this shows us again part
of the problem with this both of those
both the junk values and the childhood
trauma which are two of the nine causes
a depression anxiety right back in lost
connections show is something about why
this exclusively biological story we've
told is so problematic right because
there are biological factors as I talk
about to talk about genes that are real
brain changes that once you've become
depressed make it harder to get out but
not impossible and I write about them in
the book but if you tell people this
exclusively biological story it actually
disconnects them from finding the
sources of this pain and for the society
together to fix those problems and it's
important to say I'm not saying because
a lot of people hear this and they think
I'm saying well if it's not exclusively
biological
it's on you to fix it you know it's on
the depressed and anxious individual to
fix it and I'm talking about a whole
other thing which is completely in
fitting with the way democracy now
covers the news which is it's neither
you know it's it's neither just the
biology nor the individual it's the
society it's the way we live together
and we have to solve these problems
together this isn't a technical glitch
it's a societal and spiritual crisis and
we have to change the way we live
together in order to reduce these deep
underlying causes well you're on hurry
with respect to one of the the factors
that you just spoke about childhood
trauma would you agree that many in the
mental health community have taken that
into account which is what accounts for
the proliferation of different kinds of
talk therapy that's precisely the
recognition that it whatever causes
depression it's by no means only a
chemical problem that it has
environmental causes and that's why
talking about it like the the example
that you cited shows can alleviate the
symptoms sure so my book is full of
praise for all the people who are doing
this work and there's a funny thing here
where there's been this weird disconnect
you know there's an overwhelming
scientific consensus that depression has
three and anxiety have three kinds of
cause right biological causes
psychological causes and social causes
and they all play out to some degree in
all depressed and anxious people even if
you think about saying like dementia
whether it's obviously a huge biological
factor even there there are social and
psychological factors people who are
isolated develop dementia much more
quickly it becomes much worse that
depression obviously the biological
aspect is real but it's nowhere near as
big as dementia so this there's this
weird thing where sorry psychiatrists
are taught this right in their in their
training and yet apart from some really
heroic individuals who I write about in
the book very few doctors explain this
to their patients the vast majority of
people I know were depressed depression
and anxiety who've gone for help have
been told an exclusively biological
story and been given you know most of
them are just just offered drugs which
have some limited but real value and a
small number are offered like therapy
and
none of them are told anything about the
social causes which are actually what
the World Health Organization talked
about as one of the most important
drivers and where some of the most
important solutions lie
so it's this slightly weird disjunction
I'm not saying anything on this
particularly knew it this has been known
for a long time and yet it hasn't broken
through into either the public
discussion or more importantly a public
response right we don't say the job of
fixing car accidents lies with people
who've just been mangled in car
accidents and doctors in A&E right in in
emergency room right we say that
actually the whole society has to deal
with car accidents we have driving tests
and seatbelts and airbags and speed
limits and you know we arrest duis right
in a similar way I think one of the
cruelest things we do is we put all of
the burden of solving depression and
anxiety on people who are already
depressed and anxious in their families
actually what we need is a societal
responses and also partly because the
factors that are making the nine factors
that are making some some of those
really depressed and anxious are
actually making most of us unhappy to
some degree right instead of just
telling this biological story where
there's this minority of people who have
this internal malfunction actually when
you explained they're reacting to the
same things that everyone watching
democracy now is reacting to to some
degree there will be nobody watching
democracy now who is not affected by one
of the nine causes of depression and
anxiety by right about to some degree
now we're not all depressed and anxious
thank God but but but those factors are
playing out in everyone and we need to
it's it's a signal you know one thing as
you can tell from my voice although I
spend a lot my time here I'm a European
and British one thing that constantly
amazes British people when we come to
the United States is the existence of in
digestion pills right because when
you're offered as a British person you
go but wait a minute
in digestion is a signal from your body
that something's you're not doing
something right right it's actually a
signal to slow down it's not a
malfunction it's a function and although
this was a very painful thing for me to
absorb I came to think that while
obviously depression is infinitely more
terrible and the worst thing I've ever
been through than in digestion in a
similar way depression is not a
pathology depression is a signal that
something is not going right in our
culture when one in five people is going
to take a psychiatric drug in this this
society in this culture
that is a sign that all the alarm bells
are going off right and it what we've
done up to now is we've pathologize that
signal and I think kind of insulted it
by just saying oh it's just there's a
really interesting illustration of this
was discovered in the 1970s so in the
70s this really interesting thing was
discovered about depression that was so
inconvenient it was kind of shunted
aside so in no 70s psychiatry u.s.
psychiatrists wrote up for the first
time a checklist of depression symptoms
so they could standardize the diagnosis
of depression across the United States
and you know the checklist is pretty
obvious it's what most people would
think of things like feeling worthless
that kind of thing and there's ten of
them and they distributed this to
psychiatrists and general doctors across
the United States and they said if a
patient shows more than five of these
symptoms for more than two weeks
diagnosed them as mentally ill so they
start doing it they send it out it's in
the DSM the Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual which is like the Bible for how
you diagnose these things but after a
little while doctors started to come
back with this really inconvenient point
they said but if we use these guidelines
we have to diagnose every grieving
person as mentally ill because everyone
who's grieving matches this criteria so
the psychiatrist got together obviously
they thought well we this is not right
