this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman were broadcasting from
San Francisco the site of the global
climate action summit in North Carolina
South Carolina Virginia and Georgia
millions of residents are bracing for
the arrival of hurricane Florence which
meteorologists are warning could unleash
life-threatening storm surges and
historic flooding across a wide swath of
these coasts this is North Carolina
Governor Roy Cooper this monster of a
storm is not one to ride out when you're
looking at a storm surge of this
magnitude where the National Weather
Service has says that the damage is
going to be unbelievable and that they
cannot emphasize that enough we know
that that's a message that we should
listen to North Carolina is preparing
for the climate change supercharged
storm six years after passing
legislation prohibiting state and local
agencies from making planning decisions
based on the latest climate science
about sea level rise now the state is
facing the threat of a life-threatening
storm surge which could cause billions
of dollars in damages even if the storm
weakens experts warn hurricane Florence
could kill thousands of farm animals and
trigger catastrophic waste spills from
sewage treatment plants hog waste
lagoons and chicken farms the state's
billion dollar pork industry is
primarily clustered in the eastern part
of the state directly in the line of the
storm many of the factory hog farms in
North Carolina store their waste by
spraying it on nearby fields and
neighborhoods or by depositing it in
lagoons that can overflow during
hurricanes causing the toxic pig manure
to pour into nearby waterways in 1999
Hurricane Floyd dropped nearly two feet
of rain on North Carolina flooding the
waste lagoons and sending the waste
downstream to coastal estuaries where it
boosted nitrogen and phosphorus levels
and caused algae blooms and fish kills
me
while inside climate news has published
a map showing 24 toxic coal ash
containment ponds in the path of
Hurricane Florence that may flood in the
extreme rainfall for more we're going to
North Carolina where we're joined by two
guests will Hendrick is a staff attorney
with the Waterkeeper Alliance and
manager of the organization's North
Carolina pure farms pure waters campaign
and Frank Holloman senior attorney at
the southern Environmental Law Center
where it works on protecting rivers
streams groundwater and drinking water
sources from coal ash including after a
North Carolina facility owned by Duke
Energy spilled 39,000 tons of coal ash
into the Dan River in 2014
well we welcome you both to Democracy
Now and I wanted to begin with will well
if you could start off by talking about
exactly what is happening with all of
these animal corporate factory farms and
what is being threatened right now the
storm is hurtling towards the epicenter
of animal agriculture in North Carolina
and as you mentioned the vast majority
of these factory hog farms utilize
what's called a lagoon and spray field
system to manage their wastes and in
reality even on the best day the
surrounding communities live under
constant threat of an environmental
catastrophe but that threat is
significantly exacerbated with a level
of rainfall and the height of winds that
we are expecting as a result of this
storm and currently although the
industry is feverishly working to remove
animals from the coastal plain the waste
is remaining many of the operators are
furiously drawing down those lagoons by
spraying even in violation of their
permit after the National Weather
Service has issued warnings prohibiting
it and we know based on past experience
most recently with Matthew that as these
rainfall events result in
flooding which may take days to manifest
that the facilities are inherently
threatened especially those that are in
the 100-year floodplain and there are
still 62 of these factories swine
operations storing more than 200 million
gallons of animal waste generated each
year in the 100-year floodplain and so
the threat is significant and the it
won't solely manifest as a result of
these initial impacts but could worsen
as flood waters rise hmm I want to turn
now to Naima Mohammad organizing
co-director for the North Carolina
environmental justice Network she
appeared on Democracy Now last year
talking about how hog waste impacts the
residents of Eastern North Carolina this
spray is the animal waste that comes out
of the food out the Hogs are kept in ten
metal housing and they had slacks in the
floor where whatever there whenever they
go to the bathroom or baby piglets and
whatever happens with them it falls
through the slacks in the floor and it's
piped out their pipes running underneath
the ground and that the waste is piped
out into the open air Lagoon and there
are all kinds of chemicals on this in
these these this urine and secrets fecal
matter produces methane ammonia gases
and and so you can smell it and what
people say it smells like rotten eggs
sometimes rotten collard greens or it's
just a terrible smell and they have been
forced out for their wells because they
were seeing remnants of the waste in
their world waters by the coloring and
odors coming out of their world water
naima mohammad north carolina
environmental justice network is now
joining us on the phone we spoke last
year when we were in North care
naima welcome to Democracy Now if you
can describe the situation right now and
what you are most concerned about are
you in Greenville right now so in the
car tell us about what's happening and
your concerns this year today our
concerns right now Americain is the
number of lagoons and then the number of
hall houses that are located in the
community where people you know where
people are living and unable to get out
of the way of home predicted we we
learned from Hurricane Floyd in 1999
what happened with these animals and
these lagoons wind this much when we get
a lot of rain and get the hurricane
everything is toppled over and dumped
out into the environment into the rivers
and streams and digit running through
the community and so you have all this
nothing but your speeches and urine in
the waterways and dead and if anybody
could pull up the fishes of American
Explorer you would see the number of
dead animals that wound up in our
waterways and to this day we don't I
know I don't know and I have been
listening and wondering and looking and
trying to hear what did they do with all
those animals and how they clean up our
waterways after all that much urine and
feces was dumped into it as a result of
the song so that's a concern
that we will experience that again and
then but the biggest concern is the
people that in harm's way and aren't
able to get out the way and even in the
accounts that they are located there is
no real infrastructure in place for
moving people in disastrous situations
so the local government really don't
have the whereabouts or the means to
assist and accommodate people at this
point and that is that's a real disaster
in itself and you know as I was waiting
it's totally honest when I thought about
my friend rigged up from the water keep
alliance how he I said it so many times
you know they don't have to fix this but
Mother Nature take care of it and after
that of what we're seeing and he was
saying that long before hurricane flora
came and we saw it Dean we saw it at
night too and we will probably see it
again at this time does anything come
too near what they said it would do it
doesn't take a whole lot of rain around
those lagoons to create problems you
know the sad part about having to deal
with this stuff is that it doesn't have
to be this way it does not have to be
this way if somebody in this state would
have the backbone it makes me feel put
that superior technology on the ground
instead of bailing them out by
encouraging them to attack the people
that subsequently named of Mohammed I
mean you are an environmental leader in
North Carolina with the North Carolina
environmental justice Network has the
state gotten in touch with you because
you reach out to so many people have
they prepared appropriately
no nobody's reached out at any level not
on the state not only local nor the
federal level to say to ask what can
they do or you know here's what we have
this is how you can use it we had known
that safely now I also think people when
they hear this I mean this is outside
the storm what you've been dealing with
in your communities particularly
communities of color where you have this
waste fecal matter sprayed into your
communities many people will not be able
to believe this explain how that happens
and what you've been subjected to and
always people will not unlike that Blue
Lagoon that Brooke Shields was hanging
Ali we talking my lagoon there's nothing
about a hole that was dug in the ground
and they are housing all the urine and
faeces from the hog that's kept in those
houses that they use they have a certain
level that they can reach before they
stay in the possibility of overflowing
out of the way stands offensive those
are overflowing out of the lagoon and if
that happens at the violation and so in
order to present those violations when
the lagoons begin to fill up the
contract growers being on their
operations stadion square the waste out
onto the crops around the areas - as
fertilizer to prevent the lagoons from
overflowing but the problem with that is
that that is just number pure feces and
urine that their irrigation
the air and it's making people sick are
you people talk about how nauseated they
did throwing up the XML so that you can
barely breathe I mean you can't go out
you know you don't want to be outside if
you can go outside but you don't want to
be out there in those conditions and you
know so it's just though it's a real
problem but you know what I was thinking
this morning I was like you know the sad
the shame of this all is that the
contractor is then extinct as well
because Smith CEO who's pocketing all of
the money from these operations won't do
the right thing by the people in it that
live around town they don't do the right
thing by the contract board and so
they're in a fix and the catch-22 is
their own everything to haul the truck
to see that everything except the waist
the waist belongs to that grower who is
not being paid enough to do anything
different from what they're doing but
Smithfield it's in billions of
dollars them profit every year and can't
do something about it but they won't you
know because it just like in a
capitalist society you you you you you
your goal is profit over people you
don't care about what happened to
anybody else as long as you keep your
dollar bill and that's what they're
doing is nobody's making them do it
giving up a big problem you're referring
to Smithfield Foods I think it was it
has something like nine hundred seventy
three thousand square-foot meat
processing plant and Tarheel North
Carolina reported in two thousand to be
the world's largest processing something
like thirty two thousand pigs a day a
just drive carefully Naima Mohammed as
you make your way to Greenville we'll be
in touch with you again thanks so much
for being with us North Carolina
environmental justice network leader
will continue to talk about what's
happening there after this break
you
