This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org,
The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez. Well
today marks the 40th anniversary of a
massive police operation in Philadelphia
that culminated in the siege of the
headquarters of a radical group known as
move dedicated to black liberation and a
back to nature lifestyle the group was
founded by John Africa and all its
members took the surname Africa it was
August 8th 1978 when police tried to
remove members of move from their
communal home with water cannons and
battering rams even as some continued to
hide in the basement with children this
is how an eyewitness described the scene
in the documentary move confrontation in
Philadelphia distinguish the kids
and two minutes later hoses are blasted
at the house - flood move members out of
the basement during the siege on moves
house gunfire was exchanged and a police
officer named James of ramp was killed
move members were beaten by officers as
they were forced out of the home
including Delbert Africa who was unarmed
and half-naked as TV news cameras filmed
police grabbing him by his dreadlocks
throwing him to the ground and kicking
and stomping him two years later nine
move members were convicted of third
degree murder in ramp's death they were
sentenced to 30 to 100 years in prison
and became the move nine Philadelphia
police attacks on move would later reach
new levels on May 13th 1985 when they
surrounded the move house fired
thousands of rounds of ammunition then
dropped a bomb on the house from a
helicopter the fire from the attack
incinerated six adults and five children
and destroy not only the move home but
65 homes in the neighborhood well today
we look back at the attack forty years
ago in 1978 that preceded the 1985
police bombing of move and led to the
arrest of those who became known as the
move nine were joined now by Debbie
Africa the first of the nine to be
released from prison at the time of her
arrest she was eight-and-a-half months
pregnant with her son Mike jr. he was
born inside the prison on June 16th
after nearly four decades behind bars
Debbie Africa was released and reunited
with her son who now also joins us
they're speaking to us from Mike's home
just outside of Philadelphia debbie is
on parole and unable to leave the county
she's in to travel to our usual studio
in Philadelphia or here in person in New
York City I should note that two members
of move nine died in prison the others
including Debbie's husband Mike's father
remain eligible for parole Debbie and
Mike we welcome you both to Democracy
Now Debbie how does it feel to be free
it feels good feels good feels like um
heavy load have been lifting off of my
heart you know in particularly talking
about my son and being United with him I
should say because it's not even a real
reunification because I've never been
with them so um you know it just feels
really good it also feels um a little
bit heavy just because just because my
sisters were not released at the same
time we were all up for parole in May I
was released but they weren't and so
leaving the prison was a good feeling
for me but it was also you know not a
good feeling because they did not get
released and you know as I've been
saying that we were all arrested the
same day not only my sisters but also
the rest of the movement we were all
arrested the same day we were charged
with the same charges
we were tried together we would we were
given the same sentence as was said
stated by the judge at the time he said
since you say you're a family I'm gonna
oblige you and sentence you as a family
so we were all given 30 to 100 years
each but when it came time for us to be
released
we were not released as a family as the
judge said we were not released together
and even more blatantly Jeannine and
Janet were not released with me and so
and so um their their case everything
was just saying but Debbie I wanted to
ask you you came up for parole several
times before they finally granted your
parole could you talk about that process
of applying for parole and what made the
parole board this time change their mind
if you can if you have a sense of that
well yeah I was up I have been up for
parole as with the rest of my move my
move non-family since 2008
we were all eligible in 2008 and we were
denied repeatedly a year after year or
some were given two years at a time but
I personally was given a year and then
another year hit and then another years
and then another two years and but they
were saying the same thing they were
putting on our reports that it was
different issues for lack of remorse a
lack of motivation for success and then
this time which would have been my
eighth time going up for parole this man
in 2018 we finally you know we finally
just had to get somebody else involved
somebody that who could actually have
the have the legs and have the the means
to be able to take all that we have done
all that we have done while in the
prisons to put it right in front of the
parole board to put it right in front of
the DA to put it right in front of
Philadelphia to see that move people we
are still we are still good people and
they had to see that so that we had to
actually get an attorney to actually
make that point and because of all the
support that move has that move has had
over the years you know it just helped
bring that point home and help bring it
to the forefront you know so the support
that John Africa generated through some
terrible examples that happen you know
through the city and with move it was
just the support of the people that
pushed the issue and with the attorney
being the one that had the legs and the
head the means to be able to present a
package to the parole board to make them
just really pay attention is what I feel
made the difference
Debbi Africa you are all a charged and
convicted third degree murder they said
that you were involved with the killing
of this police officer from your home
now the move nine have always claimed
innocence denying they shot
anybody blame the officers death an
accidental friendly fire of other
officers they never accused you directly
of killing officer ramp would you like
to comment on this 40 years later as
others remain in jail waiting to be
freed including your husband Mike Africa
well you know I was never directly said
to have had a weapon or to have killed
the officer but at this point 40 years
later it has been 40 years and it's 43
years later what I want to say about
that is that it was it was a tragic day
it was not a good day you know I don't
want to glorify it you know I don't have
any you know I don't have any any
glorification feelings in me to you know
to even really relive it because it was
a tragic day I really don't like even
bringing it up because you know people
have suffered and still suffering behind
it and the main thing I would like to
focus on is not only getting not only
helping pull people together and
unifying people to push forward for a
better day but not only move but for a
lot of people who are suffering out here
but also to bring about the the example
about the move non-being innocent I
wanted to my husband I wanted to ask
your son Mike who's sitting next to you
Mike jr. The Guardian newspaper
described you as a penal orphan of the
Black Power movement for almost 40 years
you're visiting your mother or your
father in two different Penitentiary's
the first time you're together with your
mom and this month not involving bars
how does it feel and what are your
comments on reuniting after 40 years you
were born in prison oh yeah I was born
in prison um first of all I'd like to
say thanks for having us on the show I
appreciate the
exposure to get this information out but
yeah so how does it feel it feels it
feels like my mom said it feels
bittersweet it does feel really good I
mean the feeling of bringing her out of
that prison and like knowing that I'm
visiting this prison that she's in for
the last time like that felt euphoric it
was like this is amazing this is
something that I've been waiting for all
my life something I've been working so
hard for with the rest of the people my
family to move the move organization
it's just been so good it felt so good
to be able to take her home put her in
my car and just never have to go back
there for her but it did feel
bittersweet I mean every visit that I've
ever been on with her since I've been in
the organization I've seen Janet in
Jenin too and so to leave the prison
with her and take her home knowing that
they are still back there that was
heartbreaking it's still just just
thinking about it now and and like I I
almost felt like I was turning my back
on him you know just walking away I mean
I had to do it to take my home but
taking leaving Janet and Jeanine in that
prison was it was devastating and it's
also devastating to that although mom is
home my dad is still in prison and Eddie
is still in prison and Delbert and you
know when you think about when I think
about the other people like I think
about the fact that Janet and Jeanine
specifically two of their children were
in the earlier described may 13th
bombing where the city of Philadelphia
the police dropped the bomb on our house
and Janet and Ginny's kids were in that
house they were murdered they were shot
to death and burn to life and Janet and
Jeanine remain in prison and that to me
is a total injustice
so it's bittersweet I mean it's nice to
have her home you know I'd be telling
the story about how the the the first
night she came home I went to her bed
and I knocked on her door and she told
me to come in and I went in and and as
she was standing there we were talking
and and I looked down at her feet and I
noticed that she was barefoot and when I
looked down and I saw her feet I
realized that that was the first time
that I've ever seen her feet before and
I was talking to my friend Bobby and I
was explaining to him what what happened
and Bobby said something that was so
profound to me he said he said you're
learning for the first time at almost 40
years old what babies learned about
their mothers you know and it was just
like it's really true mom has been she
was she was in a time capsule there's so
many things that's happened in the 40
years that she's been locked away and so
you know trying to get her adjusted to
life out here on the streets learning
the technology learning the way the cars
are on the streets learning the way the
people think different things that
didn't exist
four years ago like Home Depot or Lowe's
or cell phones or CDs whatever you know
so that process is is really interesting
and it's really fascinating and it's
also very enjoyable you know going
through this it's almost like a role
reversal like a father she described it
it's kind of like a fatherly
relationship currently but you know it's
really good but we really need to focus
on the other people that are still in
prison
our guests are Mike Africa and his
mother Debbie Africa one of the move 9
on June 16th after nearly 40 years
behind bars she became the first of the
move nine members to be released from
prison and they're joining us from
Mike's home outside of Philadelphia
because she can't travel to a studio
inside Philadelphia or to New York I'm
Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez one well
W I like to as your son said 40 years is
a long time many of the people who are
watching or listening to this broadcast
or more than 40 years ago have never
maybe have heard
have never heard of move and he also
mentioned Delbert Africa yeah I was a I
was a resident in Philadelphia in 1978 I
was just about to begin my my journalism
career at the Philadelphia Daily News
but I wasn't yet a reporter in August of
1978 but I clearly remember the
television footage of that move standoff
with the police and of the beating of
Delbert Africa long before the Rodney
King video the videotaped terrible
beating of Delbert Africa by police as
he was dragged out of the house and
beaten in plain view I remember also
Alfonso Diehl who was then the head of
the Guardians that black police officers
publicly condemning the police abuse and
the mayor at the time
Frank Rizal going on television and
saying as for I'll deal I want a piece
of him myself
there was could you talk about what the
climate was like in Philadelphia at that
time the racial climate under under
mayor Rizzo and also what did move stand
for why did why were the police and the
establishment so determined to stamp out
move well just because move was an
organization that represented life and
just generally basically the the whole
there's a whole significance of the city
of Philadelphia wanting to stamp move
out is because move represented the fact
that we would not stand for injustice
and our belief is about stopping the
suffering of life and because life is
what people use to make money one too
they exploit life in order to make money
if it's big business enslaving life like
zoos and slaving life like circuses
enslaving life like
incarceration and slave and prison
people all those things are moneymakers
they're all industry puppy palaces pet
shoes all those like all those things
are industry
they're making money exploiting life but
move example in exposing that kind of
that wrong people did not want to hear
it they didn't want to hear it because
it was a direct attack on their industry
on their money on what they wanted to do
and I mean you know you know how it is
when somebody tries to you when you want
to do something and somebody don't want
you to do it and they going against it
and it's a strong force you get mad you
know you get mad and you want to hurt
them people because they are a direct
threat of what you're trying to keep
going you know I mean think about it if
you smoke or if you drink or if you just
you know like to ride bikes and your
wife or your husband or your or you know
your child or anybody don't want you to
do it you know you can you get mad you
get mad if I don't stop me from smoking
I want my cigarette you know I don't
stop me from I've gotta have my drink
every week you know people get mad
listen I got to go on this hike every
week I don't you know I don't care if it
you know if it's gonna disrupt your
party this weekend but they don't want
that and so that was that was the whole
issue really behind the Philadelphia
administration at that point against
move so so Debbie you are out free now
to others died in jail of move 9 and the
others remain and Joe you went up with
the other two women with Jeanine and
with for your parole hearing as you had
done many times before with Jeanine and
Jenna and they did not get parole but
you did you are not oddly enough now
able to communicate with your husband
Mike senior and I think we have a
picture of Mike with his a number of
awards he's won in while he's been in
prison you're not allowed to communicate
hint with him in any way right now when
you were behind but and you haven't seen
him since 1986 for more than 30 years
when you were behind bars you were able
to write to him but now because you are
considered a co-defendant you're not
allowed to communicate in any way and
Mike you're the go-between to pass in
from
Meishan to let this couple speak to each
other right yeah that's the way it's
been I mean when my mother or my father
wanted to communicate something in a
more detailed fashion oftentimes I've
been for the last I don't know how many
years I would I would pass messages from
one to the other and that was like the
most of a connection that we all had
together as a family so if my dad wanted
to know something he wanted to talk
about something yeah I will pass
messages if my mom wanted my dad to know
something same thing and that's the most
family bond that we've had you know hey
and at this point we're not even allowed
to have we're not even allowed to have
that just because of the stipulation
right now I'm sure it will lift at some
point because you know that's pretty
much the way things go with this is the
whole thing but we will see but I'm not
even really allowed to have any even in
direct contact with some like men and
I'm living here in his house but his dad
calls him and talks to him but I'm not
allowed to talk to him or I have any
indirect conversation with him either
I'm not allowed to give my junior a
message or anything and I don't to give
him so I wanted to ask you after after
40 years in prison what's been your
biggest surprise coming out coming out
into the into the rest of the world I
think the biggest I'm not going to say
surprise but I think the biggest like
the biggest thing that just is so kind
of offensive to me is um Bob happened to
buy water bottled water I think that is
the thing that is annoyed me because and
I and I say not surprising because John
Africa warned us about this over 40
years ago and said that from if the
system keeps going the way it's going
that we would be we would actually
happen to buy water and drink water you
know have to scoff for water and air
at this point and so have to buy water
when water is supposed to be running
free free of germs free of poison you
know to have to buy that is just a
testament to what John Africa has been
telling us has told us over 40 years
move ways and how serious things are
movers are back to nature movement we
only have a minute but Debbie you gave
birth behind bars and you were
determined that officers wouldn't be
involved how how did you do it very
quietly very quietly just because you
know I didn't want them to know because
I didn't know what was gonna happen
after that and you know so because we
were locked in isolation at the time our
cells were very far back we were the
last four cells on a wing of like 84
people and so the officers didn't come
back there much so you know because I
had a baby naturally already at home I
pretty much knew what to do because I'd
already had a baby at home two years
before that and Janee was myself my cell
mate at the time and I just I just had
them thanks to the teaching of John
Africa giving me the giving me the
understanding to know that I could do it
and you and that was you know that was
Mike 1975 you were with Mike for three
days alone without having being yanking
from you yeah it was about three days
yeah well a total of about three days
they didn't know it I want to thank you
so much for both being with us we're
gonna do part two and posted online at
democracynow.org Debbie Africa and her
son Mike Africa together after almost 40
years I needed
you
