this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez our guest for this
hour Naomi Klein author of the new book
the battle for paradise Porto Rico takes
on the disaster capitalists launching
the new book at Cooper Union along with
all of other our guests and co-host Juan
Gonzalez Puerto Rican environmental
activist Scaccia Aviles Vasquez she's
just up from San Juan Anne Elizabeth
young PR executive director of uprose
and co-chair of the climate justice
alliance one I want to ask the only one
of the things that you mentioned in in
the in the documentary was who is the
Puerto Rico for and and one of the
amazing things that's occurred largely
as a result of Maria as well is the
foreclosure rate of housing in Puerto
Rico there's 55,000 people who are in
foreclosures in Puerto Rico right now an
average of 14 families a day or into the
foreclosure process and this enormous
change in property ownership that's
occurring on the island again of fueled
by the the Maria disaster well I think
this goes to Elizabeth's point about how
efficiently people are being moved off
island right and and such basic things
aren't being done to keep people there
right and like being able to stay in
your home or being able to send your
kids to school in fact the opposite is
happening people are being evicted from
their homes they don't need to be and
their schools that that are vacant from
some of their darkened homes yeah and
also not darkened homes right and and
schools that parents and teachers have
come together to repair are not being
allowed to reopen right so the reason
why people are being forced off the
island is because they have to send
their kids to school they have to find
housing and and in and and as we saw in
that in that clip from the documentary
there's a boom going on in luxury
housing there the land all kinds of land
grabs taking place the prices aren't
collapsing for that but they they had
coops before so there are all kinds of
bargains available and you know this is
what we mean by disaster capitalism and
the you know the
of the very forces that turned this
disaster into this massive human gita'
so you mentioned this before when your
piece came out the battle for paradise
but the Bitcoin the blockchain
entrepreneurs that see Puerto Rico as
their playground as this is the future
Elizabeth young pier no Puerto Rico has
always have been seen as the
recreational center as an opportunity
for the most privileged it's been
exploited for so many years it's not new
it's just extreme now and so we're
seeing that people are descending on the
island even folks from the Diaspora who
have wanted to buy property in Puerto
Rico being stopped from doing that even
when they bring cash it's almost like
they're putting it all on lockdown so
that they can put it on sale for another
kind of buyer and so the combination of
the foreclosures were just super
important I'm so happy you brought that
up because literally there is no
suspension of regulations and rules and
in the case of an extreme weather event
to make it possible to ensure people's
livability and to make sure that people
can stay in their communities and that
combined with everything else is really
designed just to push people out
remember we we're the descendants of
what's called excess population right
this happens generations ago to our
grandparents when they came here that
was to create opportunity for us
economic interest industry to put in
petrochemical industries to wipe out the
agricultural sector that was done before
and now it's happening more on a grander
scale and so so I think all of these
things are absolutely related and the
idea really is that we are going to be
displaced we saw it happen in New
Orleans where people were pushed out of
New Orleans african-american communities
that were there since slavery and now
what you see is white communities and
environmental and transportation
amenities that should have been serving
historical black communities are not
there for them now and those communities
have been spread all over the place so I
think the same thing is happening in
Puerto Rico but at a larger scale and
cutti I wanted to ask you in terms of
the the
the resistance of the population and
especially around issues of sustainable
development and the and power of what
have you seen on the ground in terms of
how people have been mobilized to to
find solutions for themselves well
before I go into that I wanted to
highlight that the eviction notices have
gone to farmers too right after the
Hurricanes and just at the moment when
they were the weakest a lot of a group
of whole bunch of farmers received their
eviction notice to leave their farms so
it's been it's been going on we've had
all of the land almost all of the land
in Porto Rico is that a threat since
promesa and now since the hurricane is
kind of like a fire sale right so what
we've been doing is that one of the main
things is trying to get back up so if
we're losing land we're losing homes
then we need to take land and take homes
so one of the things that is occurring
is people joining collectively to occupy
spaces and there's a couple of spaces
that have been occupied there's a group
of families that took over a closed shut
down school and have been actually
reached bridge for fitting it so that
they could turn it into housing that's
one of the most beautiful examples but
different group grassroots grassroots
groups got together to support each
other and I think that's the reason that
the death count is not higher than it is
it's precisely because people got
together to help each other we brought
each other food and water
you mentioned schools I just want to go
to one more clip of the intercept
documentary the battle for paradise this
the President of the Teachers Federation
of Puerto Rico Mercedes Martinez
speaking about the Secretary of
Education approach to rebuilding Puerto
Rico's schools after Hurricane Maria you
would imagine a secretary having some
kind of sensibility towards our
population in saying that's opening
schools that's comforter children
because we good teachers back let's get
them to talk to the peers but that's not
what happened immediately after the
hurricane the first thing she says is
this hurricane gives me the perfect
opportunity to do the reform that I
wanted to do that was that able to
learn from the experience of caffeine
you know what she was talking about
that's Mercedes Martinez president a
Teachers Federation Puerto Rico Katya so
in addition to housing there's also been
brigades going out to all of the
different farms within the islands Porto
Rico being an archipelago and supporting
the farmers I mean it emotionally has a
toll not only physically to see the work
that you've been working on for years
disappear overnight so having that
emotional support bringing filters and
trying to get people like my soul set on
on the mini-documentary getting people
off the grid and taking advantage of our
most important resource resource which
is the Sun the other one is that this
groups this grassroots groups that have
been popping up and that are supporting
each other and are there are then also
tying together linking with each other
and there's a couple of initiatives that
have come post Maria like whom the gente
that what got together in Mariana which
is another area just like at home Tessa
has a long history of struggle and
social organization and whom the hen
days one of the things is working on is
getting together linking all of these
groups that are resisting that are
facing this capitalists and Elizabeth I
won't ask you about the response of the
Diaspora in the United States clearly on
this is not only the beginning of
hurricane season but the the annual
Puerto Rican Day Parade is coming up
this Sunday and everyone remembers the
controversy last year when all the
corporate sponsors pulled out because
the parade was honors was I having a
scar Lopez Nevada the free political
prisoner marching in the parade this
year what do you expect happening at the
parade and also the in general the
response of Puerto Ricans in the United
States of what's happening on the island
well well thank you for that question
because what we're doing is very much
related to what Kathy had just raised
which is that as part of our power PR
which is a national initiative that was
launched October 11th by the climate
justice Alliance and a lot of our
organizations including organization
boricua
we sent FRA brigades the Puerto Rico and
in New York City we created our power PR
NYC which is a Puerto Rican
asked for a responce to sustain
engagement in Puerto Rico for the long
term we knew immediately that there
would be disaster but we also knew there
was more disaster coming and everybody
was really focusing on what was
immediate and we were really invested in
in the long term so we've done a number
of actions both direct actions rallies
protests we've had town hall meetings
and then for the Puerto Rican Day Parade
I think we were really disappointed that
we wanted to have a meeting with the
board of directors because we felt that
unlike other years that this parade
needed to be a direct action the entire
parade really needed to be some raised
attention on a national scale on
everything that was happening in Puerto
Rico it's one of those parades that gets
national attention and we didn't think
it was time for celebration we said they
told us that they would be honoring one
town like they always do and it felt
like a Miss America contest and I said
we really needed to focus on 78
municipalities that it wasn't enough to
do one and that we really needed to tell
the local narrative of what was
happening in every town in Puerto Rico
so our power PR NYC will be in the
parade and we will be telling the story
of colonialism we will be talking we
will be telling the story of disaster
capitalism we will be bringing in
activists and people from communities
from all five boroughs including Suffolk
County and some people in New Jersey and
Connecticut and our contingent will
deliver that message but in terms of
Puerto Rico we are concerned about the
debt we're concerned about austerity
we're concerned about promesa meetings
that are not had in Puerto Rico about
Puerto Rico have I had in New York City
in Wall Street and so we see that as our
responsibility to step up on behalf of
our people and a partnership between
colonialism and privatization Naomi
Klein you write a lot about this when
you talk about disaster capitalist like
for example of the healthcare system and
where it's headed
well you know I think an important point
about the the numbers around the death
toll and so much of it being in the
result of a collapsed healthcare system
is you know we're told like we hear from
the governor that oh everything will be
fixed with privatization this is the
line right it'll be modern it'll be
efficient all the problems are
due to the system being public this is a
big narrative but in fact the health
care system was already splintered and
privatized and chopped up and and and
you know do they've done it with health
care what they want to do with
electricity what they want to do with
transportation in so many ways and in
the last thing that we could say is that
it's been efficient and modern or you
know effective in any way i one thing I
you mentioned the gente the book that
that has come out is a hundred percent
of fund raiser for this remarkable
network of more than 60 Puerto Rican
groups and I want to thank my publisher
Haymarket for getting this out so
quickly for doing it as a hundred
percent fundraiser the full advance all
the royalties going to Puerto Rico so if
people are just hunter gente in English
means the people together right and what
it is a what what it is is a direct
response to this predatory system that
is descended on the island to exploit
the disaster and the thing the reason
why this strategy is used is because you
know these investors know that when
people are in that state of emergency
that is ongoing it's very hard to engage
in political action to organize and the
most inspiring thing that I saw in
Puerto Rico which frankly sets it apart
from so many disaster zones is that deep
level of political organization that
predates the storm that allowed people
to respond even when the lights were
still out to come together in these
remarkable ways and to start developing
a people's platform not just saying no
does it disaster capitalism doing that
you know we've seen huge protests on
Mayday facing enormous repression and
resistance but also saying we don't want
that but we do want this we have a
vision and that is what Katia is work is
all about with the food system so you
know we've touched on a lot of things
but I really want to encourage people if
they're in New York to come to Cooper
Union tonight and hear more from
Elizabeth and Katia we're also going to
have a representative from the teachers
union and and and just to find out more
about this and to support the groups in
Puerto Rico who are putting forward and
Livan one of the issues that you speak
about so much and talking about Puerto
Rico this issue of course of colonialism
of colonialism of the dead of the
relationship between the United States
and Puerto Rico well and also the the
reality that this as you were saying the
infrastructure was so weakened for so
many years that that when the hurricane
hit it all it made it worse
there was just a recent G General
Accounting Office report that came out
the GAO report that looked at the
financial crisis in Puerto Rico and it
examined 20 of the but the biggest bond
issues that were issued by Puerto Rico
and found that 16 of them were just used
to to refinance debt then what the they
were issuing debt to pay debt and the
Wall Street firms had to know that this
is a this is not kosher this is not the
way you do a bonding and capital
expenditures so the Wall Street firms
very well knew that Puerto Rico did not
have the ability to continue issuing
this debt but they underwrote it because
they were making big fees and they
figured that the day of reckoning would
come way after they that government had
left office and the particular financial
officials from these banks that issued
the debt after they were gone so this
was a constant problem that we've had in
terms of the the the colonial
relationship reported hiko that this off
off-the-books operation on the in puerto
rico was allowed to continue to function
for so long and can't you you're
challenging of monoculture in Puerto
Rico and what a diversified agricultural
system would look like brought
especially and to focus when you saw
what happened with the hurricane and
what people needed afterwards right
there was it was it was just a sin to
see so many farmers suffering when you
have land to grow in the Sun because the
way that we farm was assimilated or was
turned around by the US government to
serve the purposes so one of the things
is that we need to sell chemical
products and we need to make sure that
we have Berto Rica's as consumers and
has actually been part of US policy to
have the Caribbean as a consuming
appendage so that they can sell more per
tick
food so Bret fruit was substituted for
potatoes intercropping systems for
monocultures and what that led to was to
having not only starving farmers but we
saw so many moms giving just water to
their babies which can be deadly
not only for many reasons right but then
at the same time that farmers had to
throw away thousands of gallons of milk
because there was nowhere to posterize
them because the plants were shut down
and this happened all the way into
February and March so the impact of
having a monoculture system and a focus
on scale was huge for our farmers
however the counterpoint to that was
precisely that the our ecological
farmers those that had intercropping
still were able to feed their families
were able to actually link with the
community centers nearby and to provide
food for the collective lunch
preparation process the other thing that
happened there was also that the markets
were the Agricola Jeckle markets could
step up almost immediately to start
connecting with people and it became a
hub for support so maybe not that many
greens were on the table but seeing the
farmer and seeing your customer was very
important for people to heal well I want
to thank you all for being with us
Puerto Rican environmental activist
Katia Velez Vasquez Naomi Klein author
of the new book the battle for paradise
Porto Rico takes on the disaster
capitalist and elizabeth yum pierre
executive director of arroz co-chair of
the climate justice alliance they're all
speaking tonight along with Juan
Gonzalez at Cooper Union in downtown
Manhattan on the publication of the book
that does it for our broadcast Democracy
Now accepting applications for a paid
video production fellowships check it
out
at democracynow.org Democracy Now
produced by Mike Rene Feldstein Augusto
Ruderman shake I'm Amy Goodman
deployments
[Music]
you
