this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
and Central America at least 13 people
have died after torrential downpours
from hurricane Michael hit Honduras
Nicaragua El Salvador causing major
flooding and landslides the monster
hurricane is expected to make landfall
in the Florida Panhandle as a category
three storm Wednesday with Florida
Governor Rick Scott declaring a state of
emergency in 35 counties alabama
governor kiv declaring a state of
emergency for the entire state florida
is preparing for the massive storm as a
new report from the United Nations
climate panel warns Humanity has only a
dozen years to mitigate climate change
or faced global catastrophe
this is UN meteorological agency chief
petteri tell us this extreme urgency and
and and countries they're giving their
places after the Paris agreement and and
so far the progress hasn't been good
enough that we would we would move
towards 1.5 or to decrease targets so
that's there's there's a clear need for
much higher ambition level to treats
even to decrease targets so we are more
moving towards three to five at the
moment there are some estimations what
is the difference between 1.5 degree and
and 2 degree and and one of the major
issues is that they would be for 420
million people less suffering because of
climate change if we would be able to
limit warming to 1.5 degree already
emissions that we have emitted to the
atmosphere means that this negative
trend will continue for the coming
coming decades so that's that's that
that's that's going to happen and that
means growing amount of disasters and
challenges to Climate Change the IPCC
report lays out several possible
pathways to limiting global warming to
1.5 degrees Celsius including
transitions and land use and
transportation systems and the adoption
of future technologies including
removing carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere according to the report
global net carbon emissions would need
to fall by about 45 percent
from 2010 levels to by 2030 and reach
Net Zero around 2050 on Monday president
Tripp president Trump traveled to
Orlando Florida but made no mention of
climate change or the new United Nations
landmark report well for more we're
joined by Kevin Anderson he is professor
of climate change leadership at the
Center for Environment and development
studies at Uppsala University he's also
chair of energy and climate change at
Tyndall Center for climate change
research at the University of Manchester
in Britain
dr. Anderson welcome to back to
Democracy Now I wanted to ask you first
about this report as this monster
hurricane goes through Latin America and
bears down on Florida and Alabama well
the report makes very clear that between
1.5 degrees centigrade of warming and 2
degrees centigrade of warming we will
expect to see more extreme weather
conditions which indeed is why many of
the polar parts of the world asked the
scientific community community to
actually investigate what are the actual
differences between impacts at 1.5 and 2
degrees and of course 2 degrees was the
previous threshold that we were all
apparently aiming for but as has come
out from the report is very clear that
there are a whole suite of impacts that
are much worse at 2 degrees centigrade
than 1.5 and that these impacts will
primarily hit poorer and more climate
vulnerable communities around the world
so it's a very important report in terms
of the and the impact understanding the
impacts of climate change and making
clear that we must aim really for 1.5
rather than 2 degrees though as we
probably discuss later I think it's even
2 degrees is looking very hopeful now
you write in your response to this
landmark UN report that climate change
is ultimately the responsibility of a
few high emitters explain who they are
well just to put some numbers in this
about half of global emissions arrives
and the activities of just about 10
percent of the world's population and
about 70 percent of all global
missions of carbon-dioxide come from
about 20% of the world's population and
very closely the emissions relate to the
wealth or the income of the citizens so
a professor like myself will that be a
relatively high emitter are typically
professors live in large houses
they'll chat and have a relatively large
car they'll travel quite often some of
them I know would have second homes
about somebody whose business flights
they'll consume lots of goods so it does
correlate quite closely with income and
so my concern here is that when we had
tried to address climate change in
reduce our emissions by focusing on all
seven and a half billion people I think
it misunderstands and where the actual
responsibility for the emissions reside
and therefore we're not developing
policies that need to be tailored to
that particular 20% so many people
listen to your show now in the US or
elsewhere in the world will be medium to
low emitters and to them yes it's
important they make some changes but
there will also be people listening to
this show who are very high emitters and
it is it is those of us and that the
only the policies need to aim at to
drive the emissions out of our
lifestyles and we must make sure in
doing that we don't impoverish people
who already are struggling with the
current economic system who are the
highest carbon emitters dr. Anderson the
highest carbon emitters well they're
going to be the very wealthiest in this
world I'm a climate point of view when
you hear the Al Gore's and the DiCaprio
is talking about climate change you look
at their carbon footprint they'll be
there are many thousands of times more
than than an average African and many
hundreds of times more probably even
than the many Americans so it is that's
the litany other very wealthy of the
very high emitters but also I think a
professor like myself senior lecturers
in universities the people who are more
what we'd like to see is senior the
language you use the senior in our
organizations whether that same company
is all in the public or or indeed the
private sector these people will be the
high emitters so I mean I won't make any
comment on your list but well certainly
some of the journalists survived I'm
familiar with they are also very high
emitters saying it is that upper echelon
of society and in terms of countries Oh
in terms of countries well and maybe the
biggest emitter now is is China followed
by the US but
in both of those countries of course
there are there's a big difference
between the high meters within that
country and the low emitters within that
country so you know the the two big
emitting countries though are the US and
China and then obviously shortly
followed by the European Union so can
you talk about what the u.s. is facing
right now this monster hurricane hitting
the panhandle if you look at weather
reports and the networks are you know at
the time like this increasingly take up
more and more news time or the weather
reports because whether we're talking
about wildfires in California or these
monster storms in the Carolinas and now
possibly hitting Florida and Alabama
Alabama the whole state has been called
a state of emergency
there is almost no mention by
meteorologists and I'm not talking even
Fox I'm talking MSNBC and CD CNN of the
connection between these increasingly
violent storms and climate change is
there one and can you explain it well
there certainly is a connection and what
we are what we have done by putting more
carbon dioxide in the into the
atmosphere is we've made the atmosphere
warmer in other words we put a lot more
energy into the atmosphere that energy
will play out in terms of a whole suite
of different more extreme weather
conditions now whether this particular
hurricane is it's caused by climate
change is impossible to say but what is
often the case is that we are
exacerbating or increasing the power in
these hurricanes in these extreme
weather events and the this what we call
the fancy language of attribution where
we're trying to say is this event a
climate change event we're getting
better with understanding that and
certainly this quite a lot of evidence
now that suggests that some of the more
recent severe weather conditions we've
seen have been seriously exacerbated by
the additional warming that we've put
into the atmosphere from our burning of
fossil fuels and the release of carbon
dioxide so whilst I can't comment on
this particular hurricane and say this
hurricane was caused by climate change
you know the severity of this hurricane
and the severity of some of the other
events that we've seen in recent years
certainly um has been exacerbated by
issues of climate change by our burning
of fossil fuels
and then the meteorologist should be
making that clear link when they make it
when they discussing these issues and
during during the weather forecast
within the u.s. you talk about what's
needed professor Anderson the report
says there's no documented historic
precedent for the scale of changes
required you have talked about a
Marshall Plan what do you mean a new
Marshall Plan
well the Marshall Plan was the was the
deliberate strategy after the second
world war to try and reconstruct Europe
after it had been busy very severely
bombed and destroyed and both
institutionally but mostly physically
during the war so I'm saying that that
is probably the nearest metaphor analogy
we have to the scale of challenge that
we actually face the decarbonized a
shift away from a fossil fuel based
energy system to a zero carbon energy
system and to do that within within the
wealthy parts of the world really within
about two decades and probably three or
three and a half decades for the
slightly poorer parts of the world so
we're not going to do that through small
price mechanisms through just tweaking
the markets it is going to require
litigious
intervention by government to make the
necessary rates of change
now that sounds initially very very
challenging and certainly it will be but
I think there is also and there is a
positive narrative behind this in that
this this transition this transformation
to a zero carbon energy system will come
with lots of job opportunities at
long-term secure job opportunities not
just in building low-carbon power
stations but in the massive
electrification program that will be
necessary in retrofitting in other words
making our existing building
infrastructure which will still be using
for the next 20 30 40 years to make that
building infrastructure suitable for the
21st century so you require much less
energy to heat it or to cool it em and
it is a much safer environment to be in
as the climate continues to change which
it undoubtedly will even if we stopped
emissions today we will see some ongoing
climate change you have criticized the
IPCC for constraining its policy advice
to fit neatly with
in the current economic model can you
explain I mean for some to have a
landmark report like this is simply
critical because we live in a country in
the United States where the president
proudly denies climate change you know
calls it a Chinese hoax and so to have
any kind of report like this but you're
a critic of the report in some respects
well certainly what I think it is a
really good report in trying to
understand the impacts between one point
five and two degree centigrade of
warming when it comes to what we have to
do about it I think again it runs scared
of really being very honest and given it
as effectively a scientific report I
think our role as scientists and
academics is to tell it like it is not
to color it or sweeten the pill to make
it more attractive so my comments here
are of it and it's not just for this
report it's really repeatedly come out
at the IPCC to us we're quite direct and
honest about the impact side when it
comes to what we have to do about this
we run scared we don't want to scare the
politicians or the public we don't want
to move away from this of the energy
systems that we have today so we always
try to broadly sort of massage the
status quo to incremental changes if you
like and what I'm saying is that
actually when you really look at the
numbers behind the report look at the
numbers the science comes out with then
we're talking about a complete
revolution in that energy system and
that is gonna make very fundamental
questions about how we run our economies
and a game you can turn men say well
that seems just funny enough r2m far to
remove from the current economic system
we have but we have to remember it's
only been well it's ten years now since
the banking crisis and many parts of the
world are still suffering the
repercussions of that banking crisis so
the current economic framework has
struggled and within its own remit if
you like but I think this has been a
real opportunity which we are now losing
to reshape that economy so it's an
economy that's suitable for society not
as a society that is suitable for the
economy and I think the policymakers are
the academics have just run scared of
this of being honest about what our
numbers tell us about the rates of
change that we will that we require and
how we have to move the productive
capacity of our society from building
second homes for
professors or private jets or private
yachts or large four-wheel drive cars
and moving from that to building public
transport electrification improved homes
for everyone so it's a it's a shift of
that productive capacity the resources
and the labor from the if you like the
luxury for the 20% to the essential
low-carbon infrastructure but all of us
dr. Anderson the effect of Trump pulling
the u.s. out of the Paris agreement we
just had a segment on Brazil the
front-runner J year volson Otto who our
guests called open fascist extremely far
right-wing candidate has promised that
he will pull out of the Paris agreement
as well and would abolish Brazil's
ministry of environment which
environmentalists fear would lead to
deforestation of the Amazon your
thoughts on both bolson Otto and Trump
well there come clearly from a
scientific perspective and I would also
argue probably from a moral perspective
they are completely out of tune with
what our analysis is saying and I also
Hank we have to be very careful when we
see these extreme figures and both of
these I think are certainly extreme
figures we have to remember that they
are a little bit of noise on the system
that the the general trend line is more
recognition that climate change is a
serious issue even the poll data in the
States shows this I've not seen data for
Brazil so I'm not sure so we are seeing
climate change events and people are
thinking this is an important issue
because some of our M perhaps not always
the brightest people who are leading our
countries and can't understand that or
but think that they have a political
base they have to appeal to who doesn't
would not want to hear that message and
I think the rest of us should not run
scared of them we just have to double
redouble our efforts and indeed when
President Trump decided to pull out the
Paris agreement which of course he can't
do yet anyway but it plans to and the
Chinese and the French stepped forward
and said well we will try and do to make
some extra effort to compensate and we
also see in the u.s. many mayor's saying
actually climate change is still an
important issue so the u.s. is not ad is
not a dictatorship Schumpeter cannot
dictate what the population of the US
and it's going to do of course he's
important and he is influential but so
are the mayors so it is incumbent on the
rest of us who are more informed by the
science and I would argue with a more
reasoned moral and progressive
background to our analysis and it's up
to us to redouble our efforts and make
sure that we move in the right direction
and not to run scared of of the chumps
of this world there are plenty of them
they will come and they will go but the
overall issue of climate change the
physics of climate change is here to
stay
regardless of the ephemeral whims of the
occasional president and in this last
minute what does the future look like
how bad can things get if we proceed on
this course
well the way things are going at the
moment I think it is quite reasonable to
think we are headings about four degrees
centigrade of warming across this
century that would be utterly
devastating just remember the difference
between now and an ice age is about five
degrees so we're talking about changes
that would normally occur occur over
probably tens of thousands of years
occurring over a little more than a
hundred years and and 100 years in some
respects sounds like a long time but
many of the people listen to this their
children will still be alive in a
hundred years and certainly their
grandchildren will be 100 years is just
tomorrow really in so many respects and
one whether we do today locks in the
infrastructure and what would the world
look like we will be seeing far more
famine far more famine drought floods
changes in food patterns I think would
probably start to see lots more tension
within communities and that means then a
lot more tension and between communities
so and we see even in we look at Syria
Syria clearly what clearly wasn't caused
by climate change but the 12 years of
drought in that region was an
exacerbating factor and that's with just
one year of a 1 degree of warming as we
head towards 4 degree centigrade of
warming we're talking about breaking
down many of the ecosystems of the world
that pollinate our crops that make our
air clean for us so this is a different
planet the work from the one in which we
live and the chaos that will ensue will
be bad but our specie for humans but
also indeed of course the many other
species around the planet and that's why
we have to do everything we can to hold
to ideally to two degree centi
two degree centigrade an ideally aim for
1.5 I think that's looking very
challenging so let's let's do everything
we can to keep the temperature as low as
possible Kevin Anderson we want to thank
you for joining us the sundström
professor and climate change leadership
the Center for Environment and
Development Studies Uppsala University
also chair of energy and climate change
at Tyndall Center for climate change
research at the University of Manchester
in Britain where he's speaking to us now
this is democracy now when we come back
we will talk about nuclear weapons with
the representative Beatrice Finn of the
international campaign to abolish
nuclear weapons which won the Nobel
Peace Prize last year stay with us
you
