this is democracy now democracynow.org
I'm Amy Goodman and this democracy now
special we turn now to the growing
movement across the United States to
impeach President Trump which many say
is only slated to grow stronger in 2018
this fall a half dozen Democrats
introduced articles of impeachment
against Trump accusing him of
obstruction of justice and other
offenses co-sponsors include Democratic
representatives Steve Cohen
luis Gutierrez Al Green Marcia fudge
Adriano Espaillat and John Yarmuth in
December the House rejected the effort
even as 58 Democrats voted and supported
the resolution nearly a third of the
caucus meanwhile at least 17 communities
around the country are on record calling
for impeachment proceedings against
President Trump well last month i sat
down with constitutional attorney John
Boniface co founder and director of free
speech for people to be clear what we're
doing here with this impeachment
campaign that we launched with roots
action on the day of the inauguration
because the president had refused to
divest from his business holdings all
across the world in defiance of the
anti-corruption provision of the
Constitution what we're doing Amy is
designed to defend our Constitution our
democracy this is not about being
dissatisfied about certain policies of
the President this is about the
Constitution and the basic fundamental
principle in this country that no one is
above the law
not even the president it√≠d States and
he walked into the Oval Office that day
already defying the rule of law already
refusing to comply with those two
anti-corruption provisions of the
Constitution explain exactly what those
two any corruption articles of the
Constitution are and what he refused to
do with his businesses so those two
anti-corruption provisions are the
foreign emoluments clause and the
domestic Amaya's clause the foreign
emoluments clause makes clear that the
President shall not receive nor any
other federal elected officials shall
not receive any payments or financial
benefits of any kind from any foreign
governments the domestic emoluments
clause applies only to the president and
says he shall not receive any financial
benefits or payments of any kind from
the federal government or the state
government other
his federal salary this is a president
who has 111 plus business interests all
over the world many of which involve
illegal foreign benefits foreign
government benefits to him personally
through his company the Trump
Organization as well as having
properties all over the United States
that involve state government benefits
and the federal government through the
leasing of the post office square in
Washington DC that is now the place
where the Trump International Hotel
resides
so what we're dealing here with is a
president who knew prior to taking the
Oval Office warned by constitutional
scholars that he needed to divest from
his business interests in order to
comply with those anti-corruption
visions he refused to and he is engaged
in treating the Oval Office as a
profit-making enterprise at the public
expense how that things change since
January when Donald Trump became
president I think what has happened is
we've seen a growing list of impeachable
offenses that require an impeachment
investigation in the US Congress
parallel to the Mahler
investigation this is not a question of
having to wait and see whether or not
the federal criminal investigation is
proceeding turns up violations of
federal criminal law by the President or
any of his associates that's a separate
question the question here are crimes
against the state
that is what impeachment is about abuse
of power abuse of public trust and not
only through the violations of the
anti-corruption provisions there's now
of course evidence of obstruction of
justice there's evidence of potential
conspiracy with the Russian government
to interfere with the 2016 elections and
violate federal campaign finance laws
among others there's now evidence of
abuse of the pardon power and the
pardoning of former Maricopa County
Arizona sheriff Joe are piled there's
recklessly threatening nuclear war
against a foreign nation there's misuse
of the Justice Department to try to
prosecute political adversaries and
there's the giving and aid and comfort
to neo-nazis and white supremacists all
of this all of this deserves an
impeachment investigation the US House
representatives so in response to some
Democratic leaders warning
against calls for impeachment before
Robert Mueller's investigation has been
completed
billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer
defended his 20 million dollar ad
campaign to impeach President Trump and
blasted his critics telling the Wall
Street Journal the Republican nominee
wasn't really a Republican
the person who energized the Democratic
Party wasn't really a Democrat so when I
hear the Washington establishment tell
me shut the F up I think well maybe and
on Thursday he tweeted it doesn't
surprise me that the political
establishment in Washington DC can
imagine the idea of the American people
having an independent voice they're
scared of any threat to their control
but it's important to do what's right
said Tom Styer I want to play a clip of
the ad that has been running on
television he's brought us to the brink
of nuclear war obstructed justice at the
FBI and in direct violation of the
Constitution he's taken money from
foreign governments and threatened to
shut down news organizations that report
the truth if that isn't a case for
impeaching and removing a dangerous
president and what is our government
become that's the billionaire Tom Steyer
who has spent millions on this ad
campaign that's running on television
can you talk about what he is attempting
to do it so the need to impeach campaign
and whether you're working with him John
Boniface well we're in communication
with Tom Styer and his team about
collaborating possibly and we do think
what's important here is to elevate the
national conversation he's obviously
helping to do that we fully agree with
all that he's saying about the need for
this impeachment process to move forward
in the House of Representatives and the
more voices that come forward from the
American people all over the country is
going to help push that forward in
Congress so let's talk about what's
happened this November these six House
Democrats announcing they've introduced
articles of impeachment against
President Trump this is congressman
Steve Cohen making the announcement on
November 15th I'm proud to stand here
with my friend congressman Gutierrez
with other Congress people that will be
here in announcing the winter
using articles of impeachment to remove
President Trump from office there will
be a I believe six signatories on the
resolution we have taken this action
because of great concern for their our
country and our Constitution our
national security and our democracy we
believe the President Trump has violated
the Constitution and we've introduced
five articles of impeachment
again that's Congress member Steve Cohen
of Memphis Tennessee joining him luis
Gutierrez of Chicago Marcia fudge of
Ohio Adriano Espaillat of New York John
Yarmuth of Kentucky and now Greene of
Houston Texas so explain what they're
introducing well they've introduced five
articles of impeachment and they've done
it as a group and it's significant
because up until now there were two
members of Congress Al Green being one
of them congressman Al Green from
Houston and Congressman Brad Sherman
from Los Angeles who had introduced
articles of impeachment around
obstruction of justice these articles go
beyond obstruction of justice including
that but also the violations of the
foreign and domestic emoluments clauses
and the president's continued attacks on
freedom of the press and on the
Independence of the judiciary and what's
significant here amy is that these
articles have been introduced by members
of congress despite the continued
opposition by their own party's
leadership in the congress Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi has made clear that
she doesn't think impeachment should
move forward at this time and yet they
are going ahead and moving this forward
and I think they're asking for other
members of Congress to join them beyond
those who already have stepped forward
and we as Americans all across the
country should push for an impeachment
investigation and should urge our
members of Congress to take the same
kind of respond to Nancy Pelosi I mean
what these Democrats are saying is this
is not the way to retake the house in
2018 that if you disagree with the
president the way to deal with that is
through elections explain why you see
key impeachment as key well we're a non
partisan organization we're not involved
in the political strategy of any
political party what we are focused on
is defending our Constitution at this
particular moment in time
it is not acceptable to say that we will
simply kick the can down the road and
wait until African election cycle to lay
the groundwork for the impeachment
proceedings they may not happen tomorrow
they may not get started next month but
the fact is we need to be laying that
groundwork and making this call now and
members of Congress whether they're
Democratic Republican independent or
what-have-you
need to be stepping up to protect and
defend the Constitution that's the oath
they took in addition to the president
taking that oath to protect defend and
preserve the Constitution and the other
point on this ami is that Nancy Pelosi
has been saying that we don't have the
facts out we don't have them all our
investigation completed but what they're
really saying is they want other facts
out because we already have the facts
out about what this president has done
with respect to the emoluments clauses
with respect to obstruction of justice
and so many other impeachable offenses
and when we look at the Muller
investigation we're making mixing apples
and oranges that's a criminal
investigation whether or not the
president his associates have committed
violations of federal criminal law the
question impeachment is about abuse of
power abuse of public trust crimes
against the state
and it's just wrong for any member of
Congress to suggest that a criminal
investigation needs to be completed
before an impeachment proceeding can
begin one of the people who has gone
before the congressional committees is
Roger stone one of president Trump's
oldest advisors he issued what appeared
to be a veiled threat warning and August
any politician who voted to impeach
President Trump would face a violent
response try to impeach you just try it
you will have a spasm of violence in
this country and insurrection like
you've never said you think no question
you think if you got in page like the
countryside's are heavily armed my
friend yes absolutely yeah this is not
1974
the people will not stand for
impeachment a politician who votes for
it would be endangering their own life
there will be violence on both sides
I'll make this clear I'm not advocating
violence that's Roger stone speaking to
TMZ says there would be a violent
response John Boniface oh it's an
outrageous statement but it also
highlights that we cannot allow fear to
dictate our response to this lawless
president we cannot say that we're going
to stay on the sidelines here while the
Constitution is being shredded because
of that kind of claim that Roger stone
or anyone else might make so explain how
impeachment would work what would the
process look like so the first process
involves the House Judiciary Committee
taking up the question the House of
Representatives would need to pass a
resolution that would advance to the
House assurity committee the question of
an impeach investigation or articles of
impeachment the you know a congressman
Greene has said that he wants to go to
the floor with the privileged resolution
immediately that will force a vote in
the House of Representatives as early as
in the next few days in this coming week
but you know beyond that process the
process of having the House Security
Committee take up this question would
then involve subpoena power would
involve taking witnesses this is what
happened during the Nixon impeachment
proceedings I understand when people say
well the Republicans control the House
Judiciary Committee they control the
house representatives they control the
Senate where do we think this process
could actually go but you know there
were plenty of people who argued on the
day that we launched this campaign on
inauguration day that there was just no
way people would be standing up to
demand this and now we see millions of
Americans demanding it now we see 17
communities on record and now we see
several members of Congress on record
and the facts continue to build that
this president is defying the rule of
law we must place country over party
here and stand up for the basic
principle that no one is above the law
so if you were arguing for the
impeachment in Congress if you were
laying out the
against Trump over this almost a year
that he's been in office not quite yet
can you lay out the articles of
impeachment yes we would start with the
violations of the two anti-corruption
provisions of the Constitution the
foreign emoluments clause and the
domestic violence clause this president
is treating the Oval Office as a
profit-making enterprise at the public
expense he's taking illegal payments and
benefits from foreign governments in
violation of the foreign amana's clause
and he's taking illegal payments from
the state governments around the country
as well as from the federal government
in violation of domestic violence clause
that's point one or point one and two if
you will because of two different
clauses then you have obstruction of
justice this is a president who first
demanded loyalty of his former FBI
director James call me when he didn't
get that he went ahead and fired him for
not letting go as he put it of the Flynn
investigation and this Russia thing as
he said that was obstruction of justice
that FBI director was involved in
investigating the Russian interference
in 2016 election it's potential
connection to the Trump campaign it led
to the appointment of special counsel
Robert Mahler and now we know based on
new reporting by the New York Times that
soon after that the president sought to
stop the congressional investigations in
the Senate that were going I continue to
go on with respect to that so
obstruction of justice which was the
first article of impeachment against
Richard Nixon would certainly be part of
this case then we have the potential
conspiracy with the Russian government
potential collusion to violate federal
campaign finance laws and other federal
laws and interfere with our elections
that evidence continues to be built but
it's also an impeachment question and
the house usury committee should take
that up then we have the abuse of the
pardon power this is a power that is not
unlimited by a president and what the
president has done with the pardon of
former sheriff Maricopa County Sheriff
Joe Arpaio is he is essentially
undermined the due process rights of the
thousands of people who are impacted
by Sheriff Joe Arpaio illegal actions is
the sheriff who was found in criminal
contempt of court for stunt for refusing
to stop his illegal practices of
detaining people based on the color of
their skin and this president went ahead
and used the pardon power in a wrongful
way to pardon him then we have the
giving aid and comfort to neo-nazis and
white supremacist not just what the
president said after the charlottesville
tragedy but also his most recent tweets
tweeting out anti-muslim inflammatory
anti-muslim videos this president is
giving that aid and comfort to white
supremacist then you know this president
also has engaged in recklessly
threatening nuclear war now you know the
fact is that the president is the
commander in chief he does not have the
power to initiate a war that is
established under the War Powers clause
despite the fact that we've seen
violations of it in the past but this
takes it to a whole new scale this is a
president who literally is engaged in
recklessly threatening nuclear war
against a foreign nation that reckless
and wanton disregard for the established
norms and for essentially putting
millions of lives at stake
threatening really the world is an
impeachable offense and then finally
most recently this president has talked
about how he would like to see the
Justice Department prosecute Hillary
Clinton and other political adversaries
this misuse of the Justice Department
our attempt to misuse to prosecute
political adversaries would be another
impeachable offense worthy of
investigation how much support do you
have around the country well I think
what we're seeing from the people both
signing our petition to impeach Donald
Trump now org and the petitioner need to
impeach the Tom Steyer Zinn issues that
there are millions already literally on
record millions of 1.3 plus million on
our petition he has over three million
and he's reaching a lot of people
through that ad campaign and those
members of Congress some of them have
said that they've been responsive to
what they're hearing among their kin
stitch ooh ins so I think people are
ready to stand up and they need to
because this is an urgent matter this is
not something again that we can wait on
for something we look at in 2019 or 2020
we needed to lay the groundwork now for
the call for impeachment proceedings
against this president that's
constitutional attorney John Boniface
co-founder and director of free speech
for people
up next psychiatrist dr. bandy Lee on
president Trump's mental health and the
growing movement of mental health
experts called duty to warn
