says democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm Juan Gonzalez welcome to all of our
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world European nations
are scrambling to save the landmark
nuclear agreement with Iran one day
after President Trump announced he would
pull the United States out of the deal
and reimpose sanctions on Iran we have
also consulted with our friends from
across the Middle East we are unified in
our understanding of the threat and in
our conviction that Iran must never
acquire a nuclear weapon
after these consultations it is clear to
me that we cannot prevent an Iranian
nuclear bomb under the decaying and
rotten structure of the current
agreement the Iran deal is defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen in just a short
period of time the world's leading state
sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of
acquiring the world's most dangerous
weapons therefore I am announcing today
that the United States will withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal the 2015
agreement was worked out by the United
States five other world powers and Iran
former President Obama described Trump's
decision to withdraw as a serious
mistake and warned it could lead to
another war in the Middle East Iranian
president Hassan rouhani responded by
saying Iran would continue to abide by
the agreement it would not renew its
nuclear program for now Trump's decision
was praised by Israel and US allies in
the Gulf including Saudi Arabia but
widely criticized across much of the
world earlier today the top european
union diplomat federica mogherini urged
the international community to stick to
the Iran nuclear deal despite Trump's
decision is the culmination of 12 years
of diplomacy
it belongs to the entire international
community it has been working and it is
delivering on its goal which is
guaranteeing that Iran doesn't develop
nuclear weapons the European Union is
determined to preserve it we expect the
rest of the international community to
continue to do its part to guarantee
that it continues to be fully
implemented for the sake of our own
collective security let me conclude with
a message to the Iranian citizens and
leaders to each and every one of them do
not let anyone dismantle this agreement
it is one of the biggest achievements
diplomacy has ever delivered and we have
built this together we are joined right
now by two guests treated Parsi founder
and president of national Ronnie an
American counsel most recent book losing
an enemy Obama Iran and the triumph of
diplomacy a Medea Benjamin co-founder of
code pink her brand-new book is titled
inside Iran the real history and
politics of the Islamic Republic of Iran
also author of Kingdom of the unjust
behind the us-saudi connection we
welcome you both to Democracy Now treat
a Parsi let's begin with you so
president Trump said he would do this
repeatedly John Bolton has said for
years he wanted to bomb Iran and now
yesterday at 2:00 Eastern Time
President Trump made the announcement
he's pulling out of the agreement the
significance of this for Iran and for
the world I think we need to stop under
estimating Trump people didn't think
that he was going to win the elections
he did people didn't think that he would
pull out of Paris he did people didn't
think that he would dismantle many of
these other agreements that he's been
talking about and he has done that and
now he's also walked out of the Iran
deal he imposed in Muslim ban all of the
things that he said that he would do he
has done and as a result we should be
very careful not to underestimate the
risk of war now mindful of the war
language that Trump now has begun to use
with John Bolton standing right behind
him I think this is an extremely
dangerous situation much more dangerous
than we had in 2011 and 2012 because
even though the United States was
inching closer to a war with Iran back
then and Iran was moving forward with
its nuclear program back then there was
still an diplomatic option that had not
been exhausted and there was political
will on both sides to pursue that
diplomatic option Trump has eliminated
all diplomatic options and he clearly
doesn't have any political will to
pursue diplomacy so as we are now back
into the situation in which were inching
closer to a war we're in a worse
situation because we don't see any exit
ramps and treati one of the aspects of
this is not only that he's pulling the
United States out of the agreement but
that also the threats to punish the
European companies who then violate
sanctions reimpose sanctions by the
United States the impact of this on the
other US allies well the impact of that
will be that it will be become very
difficult for the rest of the world to
essentially and sure that this deal
survives because even if the
government's make something that many
people don't expect them to be able to
do which is to actually put forward
blocking mechanisms and counter
sanctions in order to protect their
companies so they can continue to trade
with Iran because that trade is legal
even if they do that there's a very high
likelihood that many of the companies
will choose not to enter the Iranian
market because they don't want to lose
access to the American markets as a
result the Iranians will not end up
getting what they have been promised as
a result of them restricting their
nuclear program so there's great
difficulty seeing how this deal can
survive unless there is a massive
international mobilization to make sure
that these extraterritorial sanctions
imposed by the United States on the rest
of the world including on US allies are
just completely rejected on the
principle that the United States is not
in a position to pass laws on other
countries interestingly the
Rex Tillerson former Secretary of State
closed down the sanctions office in the
State Department and the sanctions
office in Treasury these are the two
places that enforces sanctions the head
of it for the last three years John
Smith just left on Friday I wanted to
ask you about Iranian president Hassan
rouhani his statement that Iran would
remain committed to the agreement
formerly known as the jcpoa the joint
comprehensive plan of action
the visit to college a dastard autumn I
have instructed the Foreign Ministry to
carry out over the next few weeks all
necessary discussions and consultations
with European signatories to the jcpoa
and two other key countries that's
Russia and China in order to coordinate
issues with them at the conclusion of
these talks which will be held over a
short and specific period we can see
that we can work with these five
countries - the United States on the
commitments outlined in the jcpoa that
are of benefit to the Iranian nation
then we will remain in the agreement
despite the wishes to the contrary of
the United States and the Zionist regime
their efforts to undermine the deal and
the inappropriate words tonight from
Trump we will take steps toward peace
and security in the region and the wider
world but if we see that our interests
cannot be guaranteed then I will address
the Iranian nation and I will inform
them of the government's decisions
tonight the United States officially
announced that it does not respect
international treaties mr. Trump even
before taking action against the jcpoa
had rejected his country's commitment to
the paris climate Accord and decided to
leave an agreement which is of great
benefit and importance to the world's
environment so that's the Iranian leader
rouhani Medea Benjamin your co-founder
of code pinky your book has just come
out this week inside Iran the real
history and politics of the Islamic
Republic of Iran talk about what he is
saying and also who this serves who
wanted this Saudi Arabia Israel UAE
who didn't want it well the year
peon countries and Iran and who
president Trump is a lying with now well
you've said it Amy
president Trump is a lying with a very
now a very very narrow sliver of
countries and that is basically Israel
and Saudi Arabia he is talking about
Iran as the spreader of terrorism in the
Middle East but look at who has been the
basis of the Isis and Al Qaeda has been
Saudi Arabia not Iran you look at who
has been meddling in the eternal affairs
in the Middle East first of all it's the
u.s. the US has no business to be in the
Middle East but we have been since the
in time of the invasion of Iraq
destroying country after country and you
look at the issue of who has nuclear
weapons I think it's important just to
say the incredible hypocrisy first of
the United States that has thousands of
nuclear weapons as does Russia but then
of Netanyahu being the one to quote
expose Iran when Israel has lied about
its nuclear weapons program Israel has
hundreds of nuclear weapons Israel
refuses to join the non-proliferation
treaty refuses to have any international
inspectors and this is the person that
Donald Trump is listening to about
supposed Iranian violations let's be
clear Iran does not have nuclear weapons
Israel has hundreds of them Iran has
actually called for a nuclear
weapons-free Middle East which I think
we should all get on board for we're
going to go to break then come back to
this discussion with Medea Benjamin her
new book inside Iran and treati Parsi
head of the National Iranian American
Council stay with us the headline the
banner headline across the full front
page of The Times trump abandons Iran
pact he long scorned our guest to
respond treat a Parsi national Ronnie an
American Council Medea Benjamin her new
book insider on the real history and
politics of the Islamic Republic
of Iran I meani Goodman with Juan
Gonzalez well treat I wanted to ask you
about Sheldon Adelson who is the
billionaire casino magnate who was
Donald Trump's biggest campaign
contributor I also was a major critic of
the Iran deal in 2013 he suggested the
US should launch a nuclear strike in the
desert of Iran as a warning shot before
holding negotiations and president Trump
is scheduled to meet with his biggest
campaign contributor today yes indeed I
think one of the problems with trying to
analyze Donald Trump is that people have
tried to use their regular models of
trying to figure out what are the
geopolitical calculations behind various
moves that he's making but this is an
individual that doesn't understand
geopolitics doesn't think along those
lines and I think it's much easier to
get an understanding of what he is
thinking and what he's seeking to do by
looking at who is paying him and and
looking at where those type of interests
are and it's very clear that you know
Edelson has not only argued for war with
Iran more than anyone else but he's also
been arguing for a nuclear strike
against Iran and he's the main funder of
many many of the groups that have been
pushing the United States to go in this
direction and have a military
confrontation with Iran so I think when
Adelson treati to hear directly what he
has to say what I would say is listen
you see that desert out there I want to
show you something so you pick up your
cell phone even at even at traveling
rates you pick up your cell phone and
what are they call roaming charges
roaming charge you pick up your cell
phone and you call somewhere in the
braska and you say okay let it go so
there's an atomic weapon goes over a
ballistic missiles and mid of the middle
of the desert that doesn't hurt a soul
maybe a couple of rattlesnakes and
scorpions or whatever and then you and
then you say see the next one is in the
middle of Tahrir so we mean business you
want to be wiped out go ahead and take a
tough position and continue with you
don't we're development
sheldon adelson the billionaire casino
magnate and major Republican and Trump
donor in his own words talking about the
United States sending a signal that we
mean business treati
indeed and I think what we should see
here is that this decision this decision
to kill this deal as Trump has now made
this is the moment that this situation
actually was turned into a crisis
because we had a triumph of diplomacy
this deal was working the only thing
that wasn't working with this deal was
that the United States under Trump was
cheating on it if we now six months nine
months twelve months from now end up in
a military confrontation with Iran as
Sheldon Adelson wants we should remember
that conflict was started yesterday when
Donald Trump decided to cheat on this
nuclear deal and pull the United States
out of it I wanted to turn to president
Trump's new national security adviser
John Bolton last year before he joined
the Trump administration he addressed
Nek the group of Iranian exiles who have
called for regime change in Iran and
Mackay was once on the State
Department's list of foreign terrorist
organizations before reinventing itself
this is what john bolton said then i had
said for over ten years is coming to
these events that the declared policy of
the united states of america should be
the overthrow of the mullahs regime in
Tehran
[Applause]
the behavior and the objectives of the
regime are not going to change and
therefore the only solution is to change
the regime itself and that's and that's
why before 2019 we here will celebrate
in Tehran saying we here will celebrate
in Tehran on Saturday Trump's new
attorney Rudy Giuliani spoke at a
conference organized by the group that's
allied with the exiled Iranian group Nek
again once considered a terrorist
organization by the US State Department
we've got a president who's tough a
president who doesn't listen to the
people who are naysayers and a president
that is as committed to regime change as
we are
so that's Rudy Giuliani and John Bolton
Medea Benjamin can you respond to what
they're saying of course John Bolton
that's just one of the later comments he
made continually over the years he has
pushed for bombing Iran well yes and
he's very clear that for him this is
about regime change just as the
spectacle of Giuliani speaking at this
Iran freedom convention that took place
over the weekend in Washington DC where
he spit on his piece of paper as if it
were the Iran nuclear deal and talked
about meeting with the m EK in tehran
that they were going to somehow
miraculously take over from the
government in power now let's be clear
this is a group that was not only on the
terrorist list until 2012 but a group
that has probably about zero popularity
inside Iran from the time that it sided
with Saddam Hussein against the Iranian
people during that brutal eight-year war
from 1980 to 1988 this is a cult-like
group that would in no way be a group
that could take over from the present
government in Iran but this is the
delusion of people that are surrounding
Trump so it is so dangerous that we've
pulled out of the nuclear deal but it's
also so incredibly dangerous that the
person in the White House has no sense
of history of how we have meddled in
Iran's affairs overthrowing their
democratically elected government in
1953 that paved the way for the Islamic
Revolution in 79 interfered internally
in Iran's affairs in all kinds of ways
from hundreds of millions of dollars
spent on covert activities and crippling
sanctions and in some ways this only
strengthens the regime in power and so I
think the pulling out of the nuclear
deal strengthens the hardliners in Iran
makes people feel they have to rally
around the flag rally around the
government and it certainly does not
help anyone inside Iran who wants to see
more gradual kinds of reforms for a more
democratic government inside Iran
