this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we turn to Gaza where
thousands of Palestinians have resumed
protests against the Israeli blockade
Israeli soldiers have killed at least
119 Palestinians and wounded more than
13 others since the Palestinians
non-violent great march of return
protests began on March 30th a week ago
today Israeli forces shot dead Israeli
medic Hassan alt Najjar as she was
helping evacuate wounded Palestinians at
a protest near the separation fence
between Israel and Gaza at the time of
her killing she was wearing a white
medical coat and a medical ID card
the following day thousands of people
poured into the streets of Gaza to
attend her funeral the Palestinian
medics killing has also sparked
international outrage earlier this week
the Israeli military said his Raley
snipers had not intentionally shot at
rosin but now the Israeli military is
facing widespread criticism after
released a short video Thursday that was
heavily edited edited in efforts to
claim that the slain Palestinian medic
was acting as a human shield for Hamas
when she was shot dead by an Israeli
sniper the video posted by the Israeli
Defense Forces appears to show rosin
throwing a smoke grenade into an empty
field the words on the video read this
medic was incited by Hamas to give up
her life for their goals
it's then followed by a short clip of
the Palestinian medic rosin on the jar
speaking and here at the front lines as
a rescuing human shield
after Rosen speaks the words on the
video read Hamas uses paramedics as
human shields after the video was
released the Israeli military spokesman
avec Ayyad ray tweeted rosin on the jar
is not the angel of mercy that Hamas
propaganda attempts to portray unquote
but the video has sparked immediate
criticism for taking Rosen's words from
a previous interview out of context in
order to distort their meaning this is a
clip from the original interview and
which rosin is being interviewed by a
journalist with Al mayadeen news as NB
Dayton was on the idea of becoming a
paramedic how did that idea start for
you tell us
was it your own idea only did it cross
through your mind tell us if you may
please and the paramedic resin on the
shell I'm here at the front lines as a
rescuing human shield to protect and
save the wounded at the front lines
indeed this idea was not suggested to me
by anybody I did it from my own self
because they opted to go through this
adventure and try rescuing the wounded
at the front lines I have enough
strength courage and daring to go
through this experience to join the
field and be prepared to go to ground
zero to save the souls of our martyrs
and some of our wounded they are our
brothers of course and praise to God I
managed with all my determination
persistence and strength to continue on
this course that I started and I will
end and I've been persistent for 45 days
so that was rosin on the jar speaking in
her own words about her efforts to
rescue wounded Palestinian protesters
wounded by the Israeli military earlier
this week we spoke with Hassan's cousin
Dalia al-najjar well then was a very
strong-minded girl since she was very
young she always had dreams she loved
life she she was a source of positivity
all the time and
being a nurse was one of her dreams she
worked hard to be one she couldn't get a
degree in nursing unfortunately because
of the financial situations her family
were living under and then she went and
get got a training in nursing for two
years and she worked as a volunteer for
two years without being paid and then
she felt it's her duty to be a first
responder
because it's everyone's duty everyone
has a role in what's going on and she
felt that she can do what she's best at
by being first responder she was one of
the first female first responders and
she inspired many people I heard stories
from her colleagues saying that other
other first responders used to motivate
each other by mentioning her and talking
about her if anyone is sitting they
would tell him come on
Roseanne broke her wrist and yet she
come she completed her shift so she's a
source of inspiration for everyone that
was rosin on the jars cousin Dahlia on
the jar we reached her in Istanbul
Turkey where she's co-founder of xyla
water an organization dedicated making
clean water accessible around the world
well for more we go to Sweden via
Democracy Now video stream to speak with
Muhammad Shahada writer and activist
from the Gaza Strip student of
Development Studies at Lund University
in Sweden he writes for Haaretz the
foreword and other publications Mohammed
talked about this video that the Israeli
military has released a week after
Hassan was gunned down by an Israeli
sniper
well this evidence shows how the IDF
evidently feels able to first of all lie
so blatantly in a way that is that can
be checked so easily because it knows
that the Western media and the Western
reporters would catch the bait and
convey its lies as unquestioned facts or
at least as credible narratives for
instance the New York Times reported
about this specific incident or this
specific controversy
as opposing narratives between the real
video and what the IDF claims any
reporter could simply just go on YouTube
and shake the full interview for her
hair or himself but the problem is that
again they want to that it's a betrayal
not only of heroism not only of the
courage and sacrifice of the Palestinian
people it's just a betrayal of basic
journalistic values as you have seen in
the footage the idea footage according
to the shamelessly fabricated and
doctored video Roseanne was saying very
ironically that she is standing as a
human shield her specific use of that
word human shield was obviously intended
to take a dehumanizing term that is
widely deployed by the IDF to justify
the killing of innocent civilians and
she used it to make it into something so
powerful and touching that couldn't be
ignored
it is decisive and conclusive that there
is no chance the idea did idiot and
doctor that video in good faith or by
accident it was purposeful to cut this
interview after two seconds of what she
says in order to falsify her own words
if the IDF were had they just lent in
the clip by one second one more word the
whole story would have been unraveled
but the problem is that instead the
first murder and on unarmed clearly
marked paramedic with precision weaponry
then they claimed that it was an
accident and finally they claimed that
even accidents are they erected by God
to occur only to bad people so the
victim the victims death is justified it
appears that under no circumstance
whatsoever would Israel acknowledge the
Palestinians suffering we are never
allowed to be seen as victims its it is
as if Israel cannot tolerate another
story of dispossession
and misery to exist alongside it so
intolerance is constantly reinforced
through the Israeli forces hostilities
toward the gas and civilian population
and now the deliberate this creation of
their sacred memories the least the IDF
could have done in that incident is to
show remorse to say that we were wrong
for the execution of an innocent female
paramedic but sometimes there is enough
honor in losing a battle then snatching
a defeating and POLST victory instead
from the first moment as you have seen
the IDF invested disproportionate time
and effort to contextualize and find the
pretext for this horrendous war crime
there to hold the perpetrators
accountable the problem is that as
always the calamities visited upon the
Palestinians are either denied ridiculed
or sometimes even cheered and uploaded
there is always an internal
investigation to be open a relief from
blame and this investigation is either
never concluded as in the case of the
young martyr 14 year old protester
Mohammad Ayub who died through the
Pradas or the findings of these reports
are rather more appalling than the
incident itself one of the findings is
that it never happened
just plain and simple some idea reports
say as in the case of a head to Mimi's
cousin Mohammed his medical record his
x-ray eye witnesses everybody confirms
that his head was shattered by Israeli
live bullets directed towards him but
according to the IDF he fell off his
bike never happened Mohammed I want to
turn to that story for a moment on
Wednesday the Palestinian Information
Ministry saying Israeli forces shot dead
the 21 year old Palestinian as Aladeen
al-tamimi in the West Bank village of
Nabi Saleh he was a member of the
prominent tomini family which is well
known for its resistance to the Israeli
occupation this is mahmoud al Tamimi a
relative of the young man who was killed
as Aladeen
woman really occupation forces raid to
this site near the gas station when he
ran away they identified him and shot
him directly with live ammunition three
bullets in his neck and chest then they
beat him and he was bleeding before they
moved his body to a military vehicle
where he was left for a long time before
being pronounced dead another member of
the Tamimi family 17 year old i had to
mean he remains imprisoned on charges of
slapping an israeli soldier in a video
that went viral earlier this week a
parole board rejected her appeal for an
early release she's really become a
global face of the resistance to
occupation Muhammad Shahada if you'd
continued with I mean we're not just
talking about I mean what we're talking
about here over a hundred twenty
Palestinians killed since March 30th
since the nonviolent march of return
Lauzon female paramedic paramedics and
medical people have been hit so hard I
wanted to go back to an excerpt of an
interview we did a few weeks ago this
was the day after the u.s. moved the US
Embassy to Jerusalem and I think more
the Israeli military killed more than 60
Palestinians in Gaza that they I want to
turn to Terra Klugh Bonnie he's a
Canadian emergency room doctor who went
to Gaza to help wounded Palestinians
this is an excerpt of what he had to say
he was shot by Israeli sniper in both
legs I don't know the answer to that I
don't know what's what orders they
received or what was in their heads so I
can't tell you if we were deliberately
targeted what I can tell you is the
things that I do know in the six weeks
of the March there were no paramedic
casualties and in one day 19 paramedics
18 wounded plus one killed and myself
were all injured
so we're all shot with live ammunition
we were all Musa was actually in a
rescue at the time but everybody else
I've talked to was like me we were away
during a lull without smoke without any
chaos at all and we were targeted and we
were rather hit by live ammunition most
of us in the lower limbs so it's very
very hard to believe that the Israelis
who shot me and the Israelis who shot my
other colleagues just from our medical
crew four of us were shot including
Moussa Hassanein who passed away it's
very hard to believe that they didn't
know who we were they didn't know what
we were doing and that they were aiming
at anything else
so that is dr. tariq Levani I mean the
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
spoke out about this he was shot in both
legs and the man he just mentioned the
paramedic Moussa who went to save him
was shot dead an hour later Muhammad
Shahada if you can continue to talk
about the coverage of what has taken
place in Gaza and also what is happening
today as we speak thousands are
protesting in Gaza well as I said the
coverage of the Gazan protests or actual
particular incidents like Rosanna it
concludes three different humanizing and
equally appalling indications one is
that it never happened
there is the unarguably racist the
humanizing and hideous term pally wood
that is coined and going viral to imply
that the entire Palestinian population
are consistently conniving and driving
staged major lies to the famous rail and
exert an understandable anger and or
hatred as they call it off its illegal
occupation and criminal blockade the
absurdity of this horrendous SEM
dishonours only its authors and
advocates but the problem the other
conclusion is that it wasn't us as you
have seen in the
case of the double-amputee Ibrahim abou
Surya the idea of concluded that the
bullet that landed in his forehead was
not coming from their own ammunition
another racist term is coined here to
describe Ibrahim death as self-inflicted
suffering the entire population of
Palestine are perceived as masochistic
hsihu find joy in getting killed maimed
or crippled by the idea and whose main
goal is of course to make their wish
come true without a second thought the
Israeli intelligence apparently managed
to dig into Abraham's heart and to
conclude his intentions that it was that
his death was entirely self-inflicted it
was his own fault because he was cold
and a agitator who wanted to die as a
martyr and they indeed purposefully
overlooked the fact that even if Abraham
for once in his life contemplated death
as a relief from the insufferable misery
that he is that he endured it was mainly
because the idea first chopped his legs
both of them stole his legs and stole
his life because yes means locate turned
his life into unbearable hell he spent
his golden years crawling on the floor
speaking for bare bones subsistence the
third conclusion which is what we are
now seeing in Roseanne's case and in the
case of the Palestinian journalist yes
sir more data is there it was an
accident
and it comes from a deep and evident
wishful thinking that if you presume the
IDF to be the most moral army in the
world
you can never conclude that they did
this on purpose by no means the most
moral army in the world who'd do such
thing the IDF stated at the beginning of
the Pradas that it knows where every
bullet shot at the product landed maybe
except for the ones that when it's
convenient for them to claim otherwise
like in the particular case of Roseanne
you see that they say first if she was
shot by accident the bullet apparently
was shot in the air and bounced back and
accurately shattered her heart and even
incidents that happened by
accident according to the IDF definition
only happened to bad people
as they called them so the idea of
instead of investigating the actual
incident or the accident seemed to spend
great time and therefore trying to prove
an alleged affiliation between the
victims and dehumanizing categories that
would justify their killing
you
