is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman we
begin today's show looking at a
decades-old mystery behind who helped
Daniel Ellsberg in 1971 leaked the
Pentagon Papers the seven thousand page
classified history outlining the true
extent of u.s. involvement in Vietnam at
the time the Pentagon Papers represented
the biggest leak of classified documents
in history Ellsberg once faced espionage
charges and possibly life in prison for
leaking the documents which he
photocopied while working as an analyst
at the RAND Corporation the Nixon
administration even made attempts to
ruin Ellsberg's life going so far as to
break into a psychiatrist's office with
the hope of uncovering incriminating
information Henry Kissinger dubbed
Ellsberg the most dangerous man in
America that description later became
the title of a documentary about Dan
Ellsberg
it was the evening of October 1st 1969
when I first smuggled several hundred
pages of top-secret documents out of my
safe at the RAND Corporation the study
contained 47 volumes 7,000 pages my plan
was to Xerox the study and reveal the
secret history of the Vietnam War to the
American people who gave the New York
Times a copy of the Pentagon's secret
study Wow like like a thunderclap you
get the New York Times publishing the
Pentagon Papers and the country is
panicking this is an attack on the old
integrity of government his whole file
cabinets can be stolen and then made
available to the press you can't have a
lot of the government anymore
it was just staggering the raw
top-secret eyes-only documents I think
it is time in this country to quit
making national heroes out of those who
steal secrets and publish them in the
newspaper
[Music]
and the first year of marriage we're
talking about him going to prison for
the rest of his life
[Music]
we felt so strongly that we were dealing
with a national security crisis
Henry Kissinger said that doctor Daniel
Ellsberg was the most dangerous man in
America and he had to be stopped an
excerpt from the most dangerous man in
America the documentary about Daniel
Ellsberg's life while the Nixon
administration attempted to send
Ellsberg to life in prison authorities
never charged anyone with helping him as
interest in the Pentagon Papers grows
thanks to the new Steven Spielberg film
the post about the Washington Post role
in revealing the Pentagon Papers one of
Daniels Berg's co-conspirators has come
out of the shadows his name gar
alperovitz for more than 40 years all
prophets kept a close secret in 1971 he
clandestinely helped Ellsberg distribute
sections of the Pentagon Papers to
nineteen newspapers across the country
at a time when the Nexen administration
was trying to block publication our vets
would go on to become a well-known
historian professor and political
economist but he kept his role in the
Pentagon Papers leaked a secret until
this week when he spoke to The New
Yorker magazine the identities of who
else worked with gar alperovitz to aid
Ellsberg remains a secret Dan Ellsberg
told the New Yorker the secret role this
group played was so crucial in releasing
the Pentagon Papers he gave them a
codename the Lavender Hill mob all
profits went by the alias mr. Boston
Ellsberg told The New Yorker quote guard
took care of all the cloak-and-dagger
stuff
well gar alperovitz aka mr. Boston now
joins us from Washington DC gar welcome
to Democracy Now talk about how you came
to be Dan Ellsberg Dill's
Dan Ellsberg's conduit to the newspapers
and why you wanted to play this role
well I had it's a I had been both
working in the gun in the government I
had worked in the Senate and I saw the
Gulf of Tonkin Resolution come in which
was a fraudulent resolution authorizing
powerful action by the government no
matter what they wanted to do we tried
to stop it when I was a Senate aide but
I'd also written a book about the
bombing of Hiroshima and I knew
something about the way insiders
actually made decisions in my view
against the public
interest and then lied in public I met
Dan quite by accident he invited me to
dinner and we hit it off and one thing
led to another the next day or two I was
presented with the fact that these
papers were available and we couldn't
make them public so the question was
should we do that and could I help and I
decided it obviously it was an important
thing to do
the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution which had
authorized this massive war very much
like what happened in Iraq was a phony
phony resolution based on facts that
were distorted thousands of people in
the end millions of people were going to
die and it was important to try to do
what one could to stop the war and what
I could do to help was help with the
paper distribution know how did you do
that well the the question was you know
this is 7,000 pages of paper and Dan was
very very anxious understandably to get
the story out once it had been blocked
at the New York Times and his idea was
to just give it all out and and I urged
him and explained that and for
especially for young people who don't
understand what you mean by it was
blocked at the New York Times we're
talking about 1971 Dan himself had
gotten these papers to the New York
Times and wanted you know the stories
about them published
but explain what happened next well the
the Nixon administration went to court
and stopped the New York Times from
publishing so that was a major major
infringement of the constitutional right
of a Free Press but nonetheless there
was a stop and then the question was it
was stopped how could you actually bring
the story to the American public of many
many clandestine decisions in which
decision-makers and the government knew
that they were doing something that was
almost impossible and many people's
lives would be lost and there was great
deception to the public that's what the
paper the Pentagon Papers show so then
the question was if one went on to could
other papers which had not yet been
stopped because they've done nothing yet
could they publish the papers and the
next one was the Washington Post and we
got the papers to the Washington Post
and they published and then they were
stopped and we were trying to keep that
process going as long as we could
so explain what happened with The
Washington Post now there's more
attention because of Steven Spielberg's
film The Post that stars Tom Hanks and
Meryl Streep but talk about how contact
with The Washington Post was made well
it was very simple - you had to reach
people this is the day before you know
before cell phones and I actually went
around the area in the Boston area using
self you know coin phones the public
phones that were everywhere and I called
up and I had the alias or the nickname
mr. Boston and I spoke with someone
there Ben Beck Nick Ian ultimately and
said and arranged a meeting because Ben
actually knew Dan they from he had been
at the RAND Corporation Ben came up and
then met with him in a hotel or motel as
I recall and gave him the papers so that
was the next step and then of course the
they were stopped and we've moved on to
the next newspaper so it was very
straight forward so long as he could use
pay telephones which you obviously don't
see much of anymore I'm gonna go to a
clip of Dan Ellsberg talking about that
moment but first we're gonna break this
is democracy now and we're speaking with
mr. Boston well that was the code name
for agar opera that's the historian and
political economist who has just
revealed he was the one of the people
who secretly helped Dan Ellsberg leaked
the 7,000 pages of the Pentagon Papers
to get them to newspapers as President
Nixon tried to stop the publication of
the Pentagon Papers at the New York
Times stay with us
continuing mr. Boston right now the
alias reguar al prophets who now has
come out this week as one of the people
who helped Dan Ellsberg get the Pentagon
Papers out to newspapers around the
country I want to turn to Pentagon
Papers whistleblower Dan Ellsberg
speaking in 2007 here he explains how he
managed to elude the FBI and get the
papers the Pentagon Papers to the
Washington Post editor Ben Beck Dickian
in 1971 I was not in a position to
travel at this point so I did arrange
with a former colleague from Rand
been begged again an editor of The
Washington Post who had spent a year or
two at Rand as a reason as a consultant
Mike Stone in heaven okay then begged
ekayon I said I knew that called him up
and arranged to have him come to Boston
yeah I was a colorful story which i
think is told in the thing you're you
have there he came to Boston Cambridge
took a room at the Treadway in near
Harvard Square and my wife and I brought
these boxes of ill-assorted papers
tremendous stuff we hadn't collated
ideally to him and we spent the night
with him collating and putting him in an
order that he could take back with him
and in the morning he had this big box
he didn't have he needed a cord for the
box and asked the Treadway agent and the
the motel owner said well somebody's
have been tethering AB Dodd outside I
can give you the dog cord that we
learned so he tied up the box and he
went off and put it on my wife and I
looked at the television before we went
home we'd been all night on this snow
this was about 7:00 in the 8th 7:30 in
the morning and there was our home being
with some FBI agents knocking on the
door on live television and they were
knocking on the door so we thought hmm
maybe this isn't the best time you know
to to go back home actually and what had
happened was it Sid Zion who was mad at
the Times for having fired him had
rather quickly found out who their
source was and to get back at them he
had revealed it on a radio show the
Barry gray show the night before so the
FBI was at my door and having seen it on
television I was now in a position to
not be caught and to put out the other
copies well the reason so he didn't go
home we went underground in Cambridge
for the for the next 13 days the FBI
conducted what the paper said was the
biggest manhunt
since the Lindbergh kidnapping and they
were we were in Cambridge they were all
over the world in the South of France
and this Salama and California I had a
feeling that was a good deal of junk
getting going on actually by the FBI
looking for us but meanwhile we were
putting it out to these other newspapers
so that was Dan Ellsberg I'm describing
this to thousands of Unitarians in 2007
who are celebrating the history of the
beacon press this is a little
complicated here but follow me when Dan
Ellsberg released the Pentagon Papers
two been bagged Dickian of the
Washington Post one of the conditions or
a favor yes beg dick Ian was to get
these papers to Senator Mike Ravel who
could then read them into the
Congressional Record he was a junior
senator from Alaska at the time and then
in so doing all the papers not just
articles in the New York Times and
Washington Post all the thousands of
pages of the Pentagon Papers could be
released and they would be published by
the beacon press you can see our whole
show on this with Mike Ravel Dan
Ellsberg and Robert West the publisher
of beacon press together as they told
the story but Garr Alper vet says Dan
Ellsberg just described this manhunt the
largest since the Lindbergh kidnapping
what role did you play in that as he was
underground with Patricia his wife in
Cambridge well the the first decision
was what to do with 7,000 pages of
documents and and Dan was understandably
wanted to get all of this out to the
public and I convinced him that I
thought if we broke it up we could keep
the story going maybe 10 15 weeks by
moving it from one newspaper to another
newspaper to another newspaper and in
bite-sized chunks that people could
understand but also would keep the story
going as they close down one newspaper
after another and that's just what we
did and I managed that process with the
help of the two or three graduate
students and other people who were
involved in getting food to Dan getting
house making sure there was housing
taking the papers to report
in ways that could not be detected that
they did the the someone called some of
them runners but I think they did more
they were very courageous people of
taking these secret papers top-secret
papers and getting them to the reporters
in in ways that would keep them secret
the land Porter's the late great
historian Howard Zinn played a role in
this also did Marcus Raskin who recently
died the founder one of the founders of
Institute for Policy Studies play a role
well there this is there is a I think
that Marcus actually gave the papers
independently to the New York Times but
I haven't yet run down exactly the
relationship between Dan gave them to
The Times and Mark gave them to The
Times I think probably both did in one
way or another but the timing is not
clear to me yet now you played a key
role in getting an interview with Walter
Cronkite of Dan Ellsberg so right yes I
arranged the they were very happy and
anxious to do it but I arranged the
meeting with the Cronkite again we had
to bring Cronkite to Cambridge Mass and
do it in a way that would not be
followed and traced so one of one of the
friends offered their living room for a
television interview and then one of the
people who one of the graduate students
took Cronkite and his team around
Cambridge from the from the airport from
Boston to Cambridge making sure they
weren't followed and then finally
bringing him to this friend's house
where the interview took place the
codenames mr. Boston the Lavender Hill
mob talked about how you all came up
with these mr. Boston was spontaneous
name that I just picked out of the air
for reasons of I have no idea why it did
that
the Lavender Hill mob was something I
think came later as we look back on it
in the way that this very small group of
people tried to help then get a serious
distribution strategy going so gore can
you talk about why you've decided to
come forward now during this period this
what were the first in awe of the
inauguration of President Trump is that
playing a role well two things
I think brought me to this judgment it
was time to actually talk about this one
it came back into the news because of
the big movie the post which describes
some of this which been out of the news
and out of consciousness for a long long
time
so it offered an opportunity to think
about this the subject in a very
powerful way because lots of lots of
folks have seen that movie and raised
the subject and secondly some of the
context was there and secondly the the
dangers of this administration
particularly I've written about nuclear
weapons and a great deal the dangers of
this administration I think it's time
for people to really think through what
they can do however small however they
want to find a way to actually find
personally to do something to try to
begin to build up a more democratic
option and a way to avoid some of the
real dangers the possibility of nuclear
war in Korea is a real possibility there
has been nuclear war in Asia obviously
at the embalming the Hiroshima and
Nagasaki which is an area that I've
written a great deal about people I
think need to think seriously about were
they what they can do to make make for a
more peaceful in the world that doesn't
repeat those mistakes the issue of
nuclear war again raised once again by
President Trump you know talking about
expanding the nuclear arsenal in his
State of the Union address this week and
reportedly saying to his chiefs of to
the Joint Chiefs of Staff if we have
nuclear weapons why don't we use them
you are longtime historian have written
eloquently about the bombing of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki can you talk
about this why not use them well the the
weapons we have today we are so many
times more powerful than anything was
used in World War two at Hiroshima and
Nagasaki and I would mention at that
point against the will of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff all of whom came out
after the war all the top military
leaders with one exception publicly
after the war saying the bombing was
totally unnecessary in Hiroshima we are
now in a case where when nuclear weapons
our men
many many times more powerful and many
many thousands of them and very very
dangerous because they are so easily
launched and my hope is both the public
action will begin to build up
understanding that this is a threshold
that should not be crossed and that I
hope actually some people within the
government just as during World War two
the Joint Chiefs tried to stop that
action which was unnecessary and they
knew it was unnecessary
I would hope people begin to think what
could we do what could they do
personally and I think that's an
individual decision for everyone to make
well what kind of things they can do in
the circumstances they face but I think
the trillion dollars is now about to be
spent to upgrade and increase the
nuclear weapons supply a trillion
dollars we're going into a whole new
phase and with a government that is so
far irresponsible in so many other ways
that this is a very dangerous period of
American history you write a lot about
changing the system a lot about
economics has that also played a role
given the passage of the tax law you
discuss the issue of inequality we're
seeing the greatest growth of inequality
in this country than any time in history
I don't think we're going to change what
we do in foreign policy in a fundamental
way and until we change what we do in
the system and I think we're we're at a
place where we're facing what I would
call it a system a slow boiling systemic
crisis traditional corporate capitalism
producing great inequality ecological
destruction increasing tensions and
racial matters and gender matters of
violence abroad that process the danger
of slipping over into some form of
formal or informal repression is very
real on the other hand if the corporate
capitalist system fails the state
socialist system also fails the basis of
a new society and a new direction is
really thinking through what can be a
genuinely community sustaining peaceful
vision of what the next system is I'm a
historian and political economist and I
see it as how do we build the next two
to three decades maybe taking off from
what Bernie has shown us taking off with
activists in the black community and the
gay community and the feminist movement
the environmental community there is at
building a process that has to go well
beyond the politics of today towards a
transformative vision that is much
different from the vision that now
supports the nuclear weapons and the
military outreach I think we're in that
period and it could be a long period but
