I want you to tell that story of
everardo a frien bamaca love Velasquez
your husband for especially young people
who maybe weren't even born at that time
but to understand the roots of the
violence today talk about what happened
you're campaigning for him was you know
one of the remarkable moments of protest
in your protest and also what you found
out
well um as you said earlier he was a
Mayan Indian campesino he had grown up
starving um he was involved in what I
call a Mayan resistance movement which
was part of the orange a resistance
forces during the massacre campaign etc
etc he was captured alive he was one of
their highest-ranking officials and he
was captured alive on March the 12th
1992 by the military and they realized
who he was and how much valuable
intelligence he had so instead of
instead of killing him outright which is
what they did with 99.9% of the
prisoners of war they kept him alive
with the help of physicians while they
tortured him long-term with the goal of
breaking him for his information and I'm
pretty sure from the evidence I have in
the CIA files that he survived two and a
half to three years of torture at the
hands of the military intelligence
people that team of his torturers
including the current former president
of Guatemala they were all intelligence
paid officials for the military who were
also working for the CIA and I set out
to search for him as soon as he
disappeared because we weren't convinced
he'd been killed in combat the army
faked his death to better take advantage
of his intelligence they didn't want
amnesty amnesty to be crying out of the
UN interfering or the inter-american
Commission didn't you even go to a
military base where they said this is
the coffin that ever
was in they I went to a military base
where they said he might be buried under
the base along with between 500 to 2,000
other people I'm pretty sure that's not
where he is but they faked his death
they told us he was in in an unmarked
grave and read to Lou Vale and at the
same time about a week after he
disappeared they sent a memo to both the
White House in the State Department
saying oh the army just captured bamaca
alive he's a very very important catch
they're going to fake his death so they
can better take advantage of his
information and so they can torture him
that was six days after he was picked up
I ended up on a long series of hunger
strikes a three total one of them for 32
days in front of the palace down there
I want to save my husband's life I'm not
going to allow him to be tortured for
two and a half years in a secret army
prison and then shot to death or
assassinated as if he was some kind of
garbage
I'd rather die I would literally rather
die and I'm prepared to do so if I have
to I want people to understand what it
means to have someone disappeared in
their family and I want people to
understand what that whole system of
terror against a civilian population is
about
[Music]
when you're looking for someone you care
about you know if you don't sleep
anymore you just stop sleeping you
wonder every single minute you know am i
fighting hard enough are they shooting
him right now you know are they burning
him right now are they pulling his
fingernails out right now you know maybe
I should be trying harder maybe I should
be fighting harder
[Music]
[Applause]
that's a clip from dirty secrets
Jennifer everardo and the CIA in
Guatemala this is when you were on
hunger strike in Guatemala City outside
the US Embassy there
the very first hunger strike was in
front of the fully Technica close to the
u.s. embassy but it's their their army
intelligence building and it looks like
the Wicked Witch of the West castle with
cannons and machine gun turrets that was
seven days the second one that appears
in this clip was in front of the
National Palace the government seat and
that was 32 days water only and then the
very last one was in Washington because
they weren't assisting me and that
lasted twelve days before the
disclosures came out with congressman
torricelli that my husband had indeed
been killed by military intelligence
officials who were also working as paid
informants of the CIA and linked that to
what we're seeing today so that was the
violence of the 1980s the us-backed
death squads and Guatemala you really
helped to expose this through your own
personal experience how does that relate
to people coming over the border in the
United States let's take the example of
Julio Roberto Alvarez the colonel
right on he was witnessed torturing my
husband in person he's also known by the
CIA to have helped murder Michael Devine
a US citizen innkeeper in Guatemala
there are also plenty of CIA files that
say he excelled in his desk of
liquidating not only the guerrillas but
all of their sympathizers in in other
words villagers in the highlands during
the worst of the campaign and that he
was somewhat brutal and not well-liked
by his fellow military so start with
that person as an example on he received
$44,000 shortly after he in person
tortured my husband he injected him with
an unknown substance out of us out of a
cylinder of gas that made his body swell
enormous li-on so badly that one arm and
leg were bandaged because they'd
hemorrhaged and he was bending over the
torture table Torricelli named him as
one of those people
DEA records show that he's also on the D
a corrupt officer list he's known to be
a drug run or cartel leader what did
they do when disclosures were made by
Torricelli the CIA protected him he's
their asset they sent him and his whole
family to Washington where he lived
happily for 10 years in secret not far
from the CIA when I found out so that I
would go file a torture Victims
Protection Act case on him the CIA
notified him and immediately send him
back to Guatemala so that he could avoid
any consequences and the DEA is not
allowed to take him down because he's
the CIA asset and partner for many many
years and that's forbidden so there are
many high-level cartel people who
engaged in genocide and daily acts of
torture who now are the heads of cartels
the the terrifying Zetas gang for
example was out of guatemalan informed
by military leaders it's also composed
of many collaborators in the military
still and by different police people so
these cartels are fantastically armed
and trained to carry out village by
village massacres let alone bending
people to their will they're terrifying
means some women from the Rio Negro
massacre back in 1980 were not long ago
found found in the city dump with their
teeth pulled out in their breasts and
hands amputated and those kinds of
millet mutilations we remembered those
are those military people these are not
street gangs these are not kids these
are not people we have no idea who they
are the head of the Salvatrucha gang was
just discovered to be a military leader
in Guatemala who'd been working in the
anti-gang unit hand in glove with US
military people they really didn't know
so that takes us to ms-13 to another
country that's all Salvador that who
president Trump says he's protecting us
from the gang the ms-13 gangs in
Salvador how does that relate to what
you're talking about in Guatemala well
of course the ms-13 had a lot of its
roots in the United States and then
those people were deported back to
Salvador there's a whole lot of history
where
that that happened in the United States
just as these military intelligence
people that went back down there
those people are firmly entrenched and
then the u.s. is not so much going after
them as they are the victims of those
people the people running up here the
woman with two small children on her
back barefoot the 15 year old who's
seven months pregnant from a gang rape
the man with the young man 20 years old
with 17 bullets through his legs that
could show me the scars a 20 year old
who fled north after the second time the
gangs told him they would kill him and
the people close to him if he didn't
join he's cannon fodder at that age and
he said no again took his wife and baby
and fled north called his mom to say I'm
coming back for the rest of you I'm
coming right now the day after he left
the gangs had bludgeoned his mother and
younger brother to Duff and had
gang-raped his twelve-year-old sister
who was in a mental hospital unable to
speak that young man has been sent back
to Salvador I want to go back to the
Zetas and their connection to Special
Forces to training the Zetas is a 2009
US diplomatic cable that was published
by WikiLeaks shows at least one Zetas
former infantry lieutenant named rajulio
Lopez trained at Fort Bragg in North
Carolina well many people such as Julio
Roberto Outfitters who I keep mentioning
because he's such a template right many
of them were trained at the School of
the Americas in torture and kidnapping
techniques and they use them and then
when the war was over they kept using
them in the same way and if we would
release the files on the human rights
violations and massacres committed by
all of those people then the war crimes
claims that are that people are
valiantly trying to bring in Central
America something could be done those
people could be put in prison and then
maybe we would have a lessening of the
terror that's being used to drive people
north in order to more easily run run
the drug cartels we're at the Zetas base
they well they're they were up here for
quite a while near Reynosa they came
originally out of Guatemala in southern
Mexico they were up here and owned the
riverfront here for quite a while they
were pushed out a few years ago by the
Gulf 'el cartel but in Reynosa now they
captured the the army had captured the
highest level person and they've
captured or killed several lower level 1
so that's fractured and the Zetas are
coming back and they're all fighting
each other and they're fighting the
Mexican army and the Mexican Marines
so there's non-stop shootouts anyone
that's deported to Reynosa they're lucky
if they can get off the bridge without
being immediately grabbed because they
know they'll have someone up north
people struggling north you know with
their babies and stuff they're lucky if
they don't get trafficked and ground
it's completely unsafe in Reynosa and
the Zetas are clearly trying to come
back because a group of people recently
paid off the correct cartel what's left
of the Gulf oh got to mid river and were
shot to death with no explanation and
that's almost for sure that that is
coming back saying how you paid there on
guys we're talking to Jennifer Harbury
the well-known human rights activist an
attorney and she is also well known now
all over the country for having gotten
the news organization ProPublica the
tape of children babies infants toddlers
children of tender age crying out for
their parents saying mama papi let's go
to that clip
[Music]
so Jennifer Harbor you're the person who
got this audiotape out
described how this happened
well the true hero of course is the
whistleblower and he was present in the
building nearby to these children who
had just been separated from their
parents recently and who were just
crying desperately and in fear the way
you just heard that whistleblower
brought the tape to me um and we
discussed the legal issues and stuff and
the whistleblower authorized me to get
it through to the press which is what we
did you know can you tell us what
detention center it's rent I'd best not
and how old the children were the
children that you hear weeping
would have been possibly as young as 3
up to 6 or 7 and in the background not
weeping as are some older children that
are still minors and one child who keeps
on repeating the phone number of her end
remarkable has she been reunited with
her family I don't think she has yet I
may be wrong on that but I believe she
is still trying to get reunited with her
even though her mother has called up and
said that this is my daughter and her
aunt has confirmed that that is her
number even with that and so a judge in
San Diego has just ruled that these
children must be reunited with their
parents under five and 14 days all
children in 30 days so what's going to
happen is the
it's possible if they really want to put
the time and attention into it that they
must the problem of course is that so
many people within ice and Border Patrol
feel that these refugees are just kind
of trash and should not be coming to our
country in the first place that things
can't be that bad back home even though
you can read that they have the highest
murder rates in the world so I'm not
sure how much how are they're gonna try
there can be spelling mistakes in a name
on you know of course in most of the
Central America instead of saying June
the 10th 1984 they're gonna say 10th
June 1984 so that can be transposed
sometimes making it harder to find a
person but if they want to find the
parents of course they can and if they
want to release them immediately of
course they can they always used to so
as we sit here a major protest about to
take place right behind us at the
federal courthouse a courthouse you know
well right here Roseville what message
you for people across the country I
think first we have to wake up and
understand the basic flaw in the
administration's argument that they're
protecting us from cartels and
terrorists and so forth the people we
are punishing our moms kids father's
like young teenagers that don't want to
be traffic young men they're saying no I
won't work with the cartels they're
running for their lives on if the
cartels wanted to send people to cross
the river as I said earlier they could
have taken by the airport they have
bought several police units in this in
Texas already they can buy real well a
whole elite piece of our of the police
force here not long ago was found out to
have been working with the cartels that
was very Brownsville
not in Brownsville up towards McAllen in
a Dogville County and it's inevitable
with that kind of money they have no
need to send a desperate person who
speaks no English in raggedy clothing to
try to swim the river they don't need
that they just buy the passports they
buy the visas that are better legitimate
and and they can do whatever they want
so we need to understand the difference
once we understand the difference I
think it becomes very clear what we have
to do protect the refugees protect them
don't leave them on the bridge to go
into heatstroke don't leave them to
miscarry a child after you've been
gang-raped I mean what are we thinking
that we would declare war and bring down
total abuse on people that have just run
for their lives in the countries they're
mainly running from Honduras El Salvador
Guatemala and hunch of Mexico and Mexico
of Mexico and also parts of Africa not
the cartels there but genocide and
anti-gay stuff in places like Honduras
where the us back to when Hillary
Clinton was Secretary of State the u.s.
supported a coup in Honduras and then
even the Organization of American States
saying the last election was not
legitimate the US continues to support
that government how does that link
what's happening there to the violence
there we keep supporting our military
allies it was president Otto Perez
Molina and Guatemala was one of the
intelligence leaders responsible for my
husband's three years of torture and
they knew that when he was running for
office in the State Department still
covered for him saying he was a
reformist for example but what we're
doing is we work through our
intelligence agencies we're still giving
massive support and protection to keep
these military units in place and in
total power over each of these countries
so that they'll do what we want with
their countries and in return we cast a
blind eye well they set up these hideous
drug running cartels that are chasing
these people up here in which eventually
are going to land right here and there
are they are signs about in Texas and if
we haven't done our part to put those
people in prison by releasing our files
and halting military support for them
through elections and otherwise then
we're gonna get what we deserve
human rights attorney Jennifer Harbor I
spoke to her on the border in
Brownsville Texas last week this is
my question now I mean good
[Music]
you
