this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world more details have emerged
about the disappearance and probable
murder of saudi journalists and
Washington Post columnist jamya Shoji
who has not been seen since he entered
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on
October 2nd the Middle East is reporting
Khashoggi was killed soon after he
entered the consulate the Turkish
government reportedly has audio
recordings showing that he was dragged
screaming from the council general's
office forced onto a table in a
neighboring room and injected with an
unknown substance because Sokka Shoji
was then reportedly then dismembered by
a Saudi forensic doctor and autopsy
expert who allegedly listened to music
on headphones as he used the bone saw to
cut a still breathing khashoggi into
pieces it reportedly took two Shoji
seven minutes to die meanwhile more
information has come to light about the
Saudi suspected of being involved in his
killing according to Turkish officials
15 Saudis flew into Istanbul shortly
before khashoggi entered the consulate
they then left the country just hours
later the New York Times reports four of
the Saudi men are linked to Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman security detail one
of the men my hair Abdul Aziz mutrah has
travelled frequently with the crown
prince including on his recent trip to
the United States according to the
Washington Post several other of the
Saudi suspects have ties to the Saudi
security services the reporting directly
contradicts president Trump's claim that
quote rogue elements might be to blame
for The Washington Post columnist Jamel
Cochise disappearance on Tuesday Trump
refused to criticize Saudi Arabia over
khashoggi she's disappearance in
probable murder he told The Associated
Press here we go again with you you know
you're guilty until proven innocent I
don't like that we just went through
that with justice Cavanaugh and he was
innocent all the way as far as I'm
concerned Trump's comment
the Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
traveled to Saudi Arabia Tuesday to meet
with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman
he said the Saudi leadership strongly
denies any knowledge of what took place
in their consulate in Istanbul told me
they were gonna conduct a thorough
complete transparent investigation they
made a commitment to to hold anyone
connected to any wrongdoing that may be
found accountable for that whether they
are a senior officer official they
promised accountability Pompeyo met with
both the Saudi King and the crown prince
he then traveled to Turkey to meet with
the turkish President Recep Tayyip Air
Duan well we go now to Turkey to
Istanbul just outside the Saudi
consulate where we're joined by Jamel L
shell he's an international
award-winning senior correspondent for
Al Jazeera he's been outside that
consulate for days for people who are
not familiar with the story since you
have been reporting on this now since
almost the beginning it was October 2nd
that Jamel khashoggi walked into that
consulate where you are standing now and
has not been seen again tell us what you
know at this point right through to
yesterday when you were snapping
photographs of cleaning crew going in
with bleach before the Turkish
authorities went in to investigate well
I mean it has been a very bizarre but
also obviously sombering
story to cover I mean you're talking
about a journalist who enter the
consulate in order to process some
paperwork to get married essentially to
start a new chapter in his life but
never to come out again initially Jamal
keshavjee as you mentioned entered on
the Tuesday the over two weeks ago
for a couple of hours his fiance waited
for him outside he never came out she
then asked for the security guards at
the door of the consulate to inform her
where he was to which they responded
saying that wasn't actually inside and
that they claimed he left 20 minutes
after entering obviously a claim that
was never substantiated by any sort of
evidence the first bizarre thing to come
out from the Saudi authorities was they
claimed that this seven storey building
behind me that has dozens and dozens of
CCTV cameras installed around it wasn't
recording on that day which caused a lot
of doubt as to what exactly happened a
few days after dramatically went missing
the Turkish authorities released their
CCTV footage of their cameras that are
positioned outside or at the door of the
consulate which clearly established that
Jamal had entered putting the onus or
responsibility on the Saudis to then
prove that he exited they failed to do
that after that we started getting some
leaks and information from sources close
to the investigation who were speaking
on condition of anonymity and they
established to us on Saturday evening so
roughly about four days after Tamar
answered that he had indeed been killed
assassinated murdered inside they then
released footage of 15 a 15 man hit
squad that as you mentioned flew in
early on that day and it included
members of Saudis
the security personnel of Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman members of
the Special Forces of Saudi Arabia and
most importantly it's included one of
the kingdom's top forensic experts a man
who is prides himself in his career as
being one of the top autopsy experts in
Saudi Arabia they flew in that morning
as you mentioned on several flights and
they all flew out bar two of them on a
private jets that are linked or are
owned by a company linked to also
directly to Mohammed bin Salman and the
Saudi royal court since then the
evidence that the Turkish authorities
have has been shared with the US
intelligence community it seems that the
Turks diplomatically speaking have been
trying to walk a tightrope they were
looking to get some sort of support from
their allies in NATO as well as the
Europeans there was interestingly enough
comments that were made by the US
intelligence community to several
American outlets where they described
the evidence that they were shown by the
Turks as truly shocking now for them to
describe it considering that they are
the intelligence community that were
behind things like Abu Ghraib prison as
well as Guantanamo and other huge league
distasteful let's say or outrageous
incidents it goes a long way to show
just how gruesome the details of those
recordings are if the US intelligence
community is saying it was shocked by
what they saw
the problem about this case or maybe
what is making it so significant is it's
not just a case about a journalist who
entered and was murdered there is so
much more at stake to your politics
diplomacy the future of Saudi Arabia and
there I say the future of the Middle
East because up until now people were
looking at Saudi Arabia's future under
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman he
through his very aggressive foreign
policy in Yemen in Egypt in Libya and so
forth allied with the Crown Prince of
Abu Dhabi Mohammed bin Zayed have been
dictating how things are moving in the
Arab world if indeed the Turks are able
to prove beyond doubt that he is the
as they say who ordered the
assassination of Jamal Kentucky if
indeed the international community is to
step up and maybe respond as it should
to the to a crime of this magnitude one
that essentially ignores the Vienna
Convention in terms of what diplomatic
missions should be used for one that
targets journalists one that essentially
des membered dismembered rather somebody
while he was allegedly still alive then
that could very well see at least how
urban sand man's influence not
necessarily vanished but at least
clipped to a certain extent and I think
in that considering the a huge amount of
investments that the Trump
administration has made in Mohammed bin
Salman and the links it has that is
what's maybe making things take a lot
longer than they should in terms of
wrapping up this criminal investigation
and establishing what sorts of
retribution should be placed on the
criminals behind it
well Jamal I wanted to ask you
specifically about the Turkish
government's release of information it's
been coming out sort of in drips and
drabs over the over the period of since
kosher she entered the the consulate
wanted to ask you first why they took so
long to actually go in and investigate
since they knew early on apparently that
that a crime had been committed and what
do you think is behind the the the
partial releases of information over
this period of time I think Turkey's
foreign policy establishment is under a
lot of stress there has been before this
when you look at the war in Syria when
you look at the GCC crisis when you look
at the Kurdish separatists and many many
other issue is the EU s and all of them
I think they are not happy that this has
landed on them and they've suddenly
found that they are currently now being
dragged into a confrontation with Saudi
Arabia with which although on paper is
an ally they don't really see eye-to-eye
on several issues in the beginning it
seemed that the Turks were trying to
those diplomatic corridors between them
and our avenues rather between them and
Riyadh by trying to maybe get the Saudis
to own up to what happened and therefore
it wouldn't be seen so confrontational
when that didn't happen they started
leaking bits here and there to try maybe
garner support from other countries like
the United States like Britain and
Germany and France in order so that it
doesn't be so it's not framed as a
Turkish Saudi spats but more so an
international outrage at what Saudi
Arabia have done more interestingly I
think the latest two leaks that we were
able to get or the latest through bits
of information we were able to get from
the attorney general's office the night
that his team entered the consulate
behind me and then later the details or
the gruesome details of how the man who
shot she was indeed murdered I think the
timing is very important they came right
after Trump initially tried to float the
idea that this was rogue elements that
were behind this and therefore I think
the Turks wanted to dismiss that
completely by showing well how can it be
a rogue element if indeed it took place
in a consulate that is a diplomatic
mission under the direct order or
control of the government and secondly
the details of this taking place was
done when Trump tried to maybe float the
idea that this was somehow and a rogue
operation a an interrogation that went
wrong the fact that you would send your
head autopsy expert the fact that he
would America shocked she was barely
questioned if at all questioned and was
in fact descended upon by these Special
Forces officers and beaten and killed in
the way he was would cost a lot of doubt
on the idea that it was simply an
attempt to interrogate or question him
and that people didn't really listen to
the orders that they were given
obviously the Turks themselves have a
lot at stake here not just in the sense
that they don't want to cause this rift
or fall out the Turkish economy has been
suffering quite a bit recently they've
been trying to maybe make amends of
anchors relationship with Washington and
we've seen that
in recent days with the comments coming
out of the Trump administration
following the release of the posture so
like I say this is a case that's got to
do much more with geopolitics and the
interests of power groups than it is
about unfortunately just the the case of
freedom of expression and a journalist
who's been assassinated you're friends
with Jamel cook she's brother is that
right you just saw him can you talk
about how his family is responding right
now what they're demanding you have
President Trump it seems even before the
Saudi regime has publicly floated that
there were rogue elements who did this
though they did this it hasn't been
explained how they did this in the Saudi
consulate or the Saudi Consul generals
residence you have Trump himself saying
this was rogue elements possibly and you
have Pompeo who's now gone to Turkey
where you are but going to Saudi Arabia
yesterday many questioned why wouldn't
they be calling in the Saudi ambassador
in Washington why would he be going
directly to Riyadh and taking smiling
pictures with both the King as well as
the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman how
is the family responding to all of this
and explain who just who Jamel khashoggi
is and was this is not a dissident
within the Saudi regime let me just
correct you there a me am i I'm not
friends with his brother Jamal control
she may rest in peace was very good
friends with my brother I had met Jamal
on several occasions as a journalist in
different conferences and conventions
and symposiums but I do not know Jamal
Hoxie's brother it is my brother who was
very good friends with Jamal and they
work together extensively and I had met
Jamal as I mentioned on different
occasions I am aware that one of Jamal's
sons is currently actually in the United
States I'm also aware that one of his
other sons has been under
essentially house-arrested in saudi
arabia's for many months and that the
Saudi authorities would put a travel ban
on him in a way to try and force Jamal
to come back it does seem that there is
a lot of pressure that has been put on
his family one of his sons in the United
States had recently created a twitter
account which he released through it
statements where he's demanding full
transparency as to what happened to his
father you can only imagine obviously in
a situation like this what kind of toll
it could take I mean not only do you
suffer the loss but you're suffering the
everyday agony of not knowing or not
having closure not being able to bury
not being able to pay respects or to
pray from a from a religious perspective
and to ensure that that person is
resting in peace so obviously that would
have a lot of stress and it's goes to
show and it speaks volumes that the
Saudi authorities would maintain a
travel ban on his son it speaks volumes
that one of his other children is too
scared to go back home or to travel and
is in the United States and that would
give you an idea of the contempt maybe
that some believe the Saudi authorities
have to anybody who is as you mentioned
Jamel wasn't an opposition figure he
wasn't somebody who was calling for the
downfall of the monarchy he never once
spoke of regime change all of his
writings were about reform in fact he
was somebody who's very close to the
royal court he worked very closely with
the former Saudi ambassador to the
United States previously the former
ambassador to London and previously one
of the head of intelligence for the
Kingdom he was just an independent mind
so he had an idea and what he saw with
the aggressive rise of Mohammed bin
Salman the aggressive policies of
Mohammed bin Salman and he apparent
hypocrisy of the international community
to buy into this concept that Mohammed
bin Salman was a reformer when in fact
FEMA activists who had been calling for
equality were being arrested whilst the
world was applauding him for somehow
allowing women to drive as being some
sort of you know emancipation of women
as some of the US media were calling it
it was those things that maybe put him
on the radar and it seems that going
after him shows that the Saudi regime
and the Saudi current system under the
rulership of Mohammed bin Salman is not
even willing to have critical voices or
even independent voices from within let
alone opposition voices so if you are to
consider that there are some genuine
opposition activists that are in the
United Kingdom in the United States in
Australia and other countries imagine
what kind of fate could befall them and
the fact that as you mentioned you have
these pictures of Mark Compaore smiling
and laughing with Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman knowing full well that the US
intelligence community is very much
aware of the details that the Turkish
intelligence agencies have and I can I
know this based on my sources that they
did share the information with them
making it very clear the link between
the crown prince and and what's happened
so for the Secretary of State's you then
go and do that obviously will not send
confidence to the pro-democracy
movements or the independent journalists
or the women activists in the kingdom or
in the region well you might wonder one
of the things that you've raised the
issue of the the very good press that
Mohammed bin Salman has gotten now or
for four months in the especially in the
American media and you've raised the
issue that part of that has been
conceivably the closer relationship that
has developed between Saudi Arabia under
the the Crown Prince and Israel could
you talk about that and the information
that you you've received previously
about that well I mean it's no secret
that for several years there has been a
an attempt to normalize relationship
between Saudi Arabia and Israel Mohammed
bin Salman belongs to a political school
of thought that is juxtaposed to that
which erupted in 2011 calling for
freedom and democracy in the Arab world
which was then called the Arab Spring
it was more of an I would say a protest
movement and inter father I never really
blossomed for those who are looking for
some sort of freedom and in that school
of thought it is one that is allied with
ensuring anything must be done to
maintain a status quo a status quo which
is that it is the few that rule the many
it is the wealth of the many that is in
the pockets of the few and it is in the
interest of stability that you have to
ensure that these absolute monarchies or
the autocratic military regimes like in
Egypt or Syria and so forth remain it
would seem from political scientists and
commentators that Israel's existence as
a superpower within that region so in
order to maintain its upper hand
existence
it requires that those dictatorships or
those absolute monarchies are also there
because what we saw for example and I
covered Cairo from January 26th 2011 I
was on the ground in Egypt for up until
the end of that uprising and then I
covered in Libya and Yemen and Syria and
I was on the ground in all of these
countries and I can tell you whenever
there were these main protests
particularly on the Fridays because that
was the weekend you would see a hand in
hand with the flag of that country so
with the Egyptian flag you would see a
Palestinian flag as well and you would
see that in Benghazi you would see that
in Tripoli and you would see that in
Sanaa and in Aden in other places around
and it became very apparent that the
Arab people believed but the reason why
Palestinian land continues to be
occupied is because the dictatorships
that exist are more concerned with
putting their efforts in quashing
dissent and ensuring that they continue
to rule than they are to liberate those
lands and maybe that would explain why
Mohammed bin Salman is seen to cozy up a
lot more to Israel than he is to the pro
