this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
here in New York on Tuesday taxi drivers
held a vigil to remember a livery car
driver who had committed suicide outside
the gates of City Hall Monday douglas
shifter is believed to be the third new
york city driver to commit suicide in
the past three months in a message
posted on facebook shifter blames city
and state leaders and ride-sharing apps
like uber for pushing him and other taxi
drivers into financial despair he wrote
quote I work 100 to 120 consecutive
hours almost every week for the past 14
plus years when the industry started in
1981 I averaged 40 to 50 hours I cannot
survive any longer with working 120
hours I am NOT a slave and I refuse to
be one Bloomberg de Blasio and Andrew
Cuomo have each had their part in
destroying a once thriving industry
there are over 100,000 of us suffering
daily now it is the new slavery he wrote
he went on to say there seems to be a
strong bias by the mayor and governor in
favor of uber a company that is a known
liar cheat and thief shifter wrote over
the past five years the number of for
hire cars has more than doubled in the
city largely thanks to over but the
soaring number of cars has resulted in a
financial crisis for many longtime taxi
drivers who now struggle to get
customers shifter had warned about this
in the pages of the publication black
car news where he wrote a monthly column
but his warnings were ignored
Neal Weiss owner of black car news said
quote his life was really falling apart
he couldn't pay his house or for his car
he was doing his best to pay for what he
owed we're joined right now by beta V
Desai who is executive director and
co-founder of the New York taxi workers
Alliance which represents over 19,000
taxi drivers in New York City last April
she testified before the taxi and
Mzee commissioned and warned about the
rising despair among drivers bethe Vedas
I will come back to democracy now this
tragedy that has just occurred talk
about what happened on Monday who
Douglas shifter was well Douglas shifter
was a long time over a 30-year
professional black car driver in New
York City
and he'd also been an activist who's a
prolific writer for the industry papers
and he went early morning in front of
City Hall and he shot himself and before
he had a shot himself he wrote a post on
Facebook where you know he really just
outlined I think the reality that over a
hundred thousand drivers professional
drivers in New York City are facing what
is that reality it's there it's a race
to the bottom every day people are going
deeper and deeper into poverty and this
this is the reality of the so-called gig
economy it's about destroying what has
been a full-time profession turning it
into part-time poverty pay work uber and
company uber and lyft and by the way
they are they're absolutely the same
it's all one same business model they
used their political might lashed into
in 2016
uber and lyft combined spent more on
lobbying than Amazon and Walmart
combined and Microsoft as well and so
they used their political might to win
deregulation bills they used more money
on lobbying than Walmart Microsoft and
Amazon and Amazon combined yes and few
years ago um uber had 33 percent more
lobbyists than just Walmart itself and
you know Amy the most amazing thing here
is that the what they're lobbying for is
first exemption from existing taxi local
rules and regulations they go straight
to the state level so they're exempt
from city level of regulations once they
win that
deregulation they're able to flood the
streets with vehicles in order to
out-compete the existing taxi industry
and explain what those regulations they
no longer have to abide by our so the
regulations would be around for example
vehicle requirements you know the number
of inspections a vehicle has to go
through the amount of mileage that a
vehicle can have as well as insurance
requirements in cases of accidents as
well as you know criminal background
checks on drivers and the licensing
process and of course any kind of a
permit like in New York City and it's
famous for the medallion the number you
see on top of the yellow cab which it's
its own capital and at one point here
cost close to a million dollars for the
corporate medallion uber and lyft enter
into these cities with none of these
expenses and so it's not oh it's
obviously not a level playing field but
what's also important to note is after
they're able to deregulate the taxi
regulations and flood the streets with
vehicles and the way they flood them
with vehicles by the way is they use
Wall Street money to lure drivers with
these high bonuses soon as the bonuses
dry up the drivers start to plummet into
poverty in fact the Federal Trade
Commission fined uber twenty five
million dollars for false advertising
over these bonuses and then uber and
lyft use their lobbying might to exempt
themselves from existing labor laws in
21 states they've got an exemption that
basically companies that are part of the
so called gig economy so if the work is
dispatched through an app that these
companies then they would be exempt from
any employer responsibilities they could
cut the rates as low as they want even
if the drivers earned below minimum wage
there's no protection for the driver
there is no economic floor for the
workers and so professional drivers like
Douglas are seeing their profession you
know just being economically crushed and
there is no alternative for them I
wanted to go back to another ex
to what Douglas shifter posted on
Facebook before he killed himself in
front of New York City Hall on Monday he
said car companies had slashed their
rates since the introduction of uber and
lyft in the city he wrote quote due to
the huge numbers of cars available with
desperate drivers trying to feed their
families they squeeze rates to below
operating costs and forced professionals
like me out of business they count their
money and we are driven down into the
streets we drive becoming homeless and
hungry I will not be a slave working for
chump change I would rather be dead he
wrote on Facebook and then killed
himself you know and I've been
organizing for over 20 years in the taxi
industry we were on the verge of a
historic victory just a few years ago
before Oberyn and live to send it into
town I have never seen drivers and more
deeper despair in crisis you know every
day there are more vehicles that these
companies put out onto the streets and
what's important to note is that it's a
revolving door
uber itself has said that more than 50%
of the drivers only stay with uber for
six months at a time I mean you know in
a few years ago right the questions
would be our unions relevant the
question of the gig economy is our
workers relevant and imagine you know
you're working 12 hours barely making
$50.00 for yourself and the entire time
you're hearing that automation is right
around the corner
because in as far as these companies are
concerned you're earning $50 too many so
of course there's a sense of
hopelessness particularly you know we
know that the economy is not accidental
it's not an act of God it's not a
natural disaster
these are politically motivated
decisions that give corporate America
and these Wall Street companies
advantages and allow them if we will to
destroy livelihood beta V we're talking
about Douglas shifter but on December
20th hours after a hearing about the tax
limousine Commission's threat to take
away his license danila corporal
Castillo who was 57 years old plunged
from the roof of his Harlem of a Harlem
building after calling his wife in
distress after the mounting fines he
owed Douglas shifter is just the latest
suicide that's right this is the third
Douglass was the third suicide we know
of in within these just two to three
months and there is a crisis there
there's a human crisis as a result of
the political failures you know that
have given these Wall Street companies a
free hand and you know most of their
lobbyists by the way come out of the
Democratic Party many of them went
straight from the Obama White House to
work for uber you know and um it can
talk about the role in this case we're
talking about New York but this is
happening around the country shifter
specifically talked about Bloomberg
whose family he said he had driven
around his mother and daughter he talked
about current mayor de Blasio and he
talked about Governor Cuomo yes I mean
Governor Cuomo has really been a burrs
biggest cheerleader in the state of New
York
you know Douglass's main post we've
talked about the the saturation of
vehicles there's not enough fares or
it's too many cars nobody can earn a
living it's a race to the bottom a few
years ago the mayor in a de Blasio
actually went to initiate a cap on the
number of vehicles as to the taxi
Limousine Commission it was the governor
who intervened on behalf of uber and at
that time said that uber was and called
it a start-up this was a company at that
time had a 40 billion dollar valuation
and they continued to call it a start-up
so there's you know there's been a
massive political failure and it's
urgent
but things can change the city and this
day can enact real change just in you
know by the way governor cuomo's loyalty
went as far as not only did he expedited
deregulation bill in Albany at our inner
Capitol simultaneously when uber drivers
themselves were filing for unemployment
one of them Jeff had filed because even
though he worked 40 to 60 hours a week
there were weeks he took home a penny in
his paycheck and he was considered
unemployed by definition those claims
gathered dust that we had to sue in
federal court in order for the claims to
even be processed so how on earth can
workers not you know be made to feel
expendable in this kind of a political
you can win in that lawsuit we want to
not lawsuit we even we even want at the
Department of Labor when the
investigations occur these companies are
found to be the employers that they are
and they're Mis classification this
classification is held accountable but
New York has still not had a proper
audit even though the law judge found
them to be an employer by the Vedas I
you say half my heart is just crushed
the other half is on fire talk about the
drivers you represent where do they come
from
tell us the story of their communities
over 90 percent of the drivers in New
York City are immigrants we have one of
the largest Muslim and Sikh workforces
in the city and we're the proud union
that went out on strike last year in
2017 against the Muslim ban where we've
you know we represent workers from over
explain what you do just for people who
aren't familiar as thousands race to
airports to protest president Trump's
Muslim ban yes On January 28th of last
year we shut down JFK Airport that while
protesters were at the terminals are
members in in the middle of this
economic turmoil and despair you know
they took they took such an act of
courage and consciousness and they
refused to leave the lot they went out
on strike in order to give the
protesters at the terminals
I know solidarity and booze and what did
Berdoo
oh oh birds are told the
told the public that they would lower
the rates basically trying to lure them
and you know lift over here Awards yes
at the airports at that moment to
destroy our strike lift wasn't any
better lift as uber light and no company
in the gig economy is any better you
mentioned and it's been written about
it's not like a hot car wrote for
TruthDig how the Democratic Party
befriended mega corporation uber for its
convention but the number of people in
the high-level Obama officials for
example people like Plouffe who I think
ultimately has since left uber yes I
mean there's so many every single city
and state they go into first thing they
do is hire the former regulators in New
York City our former former TLC chairman
went to work for lyft his policy
director went to work for uber you know
it's been a revolving door and so they
know they're former regulators who know
exactly how to destroy regulation and
regulatory framework including
regulations that were set in place you
know ones that our movement for 20 years
fought for to protect the workers are
now all being destroyed so talk about
what you see would be fair the city has
been flooded it started with something
like what 19,000 cars yes I mean today
we have over 130,000 there used to be
only about 13,000 yellow cabs and
another 40,000 liveries and black cars
combined now you have you know over a
hundred thirty thousand nobody can earn
a living so what must be done and you
point out this isn't a war between uber
drivers and yellow taxi cab driver it's
right this is this is really a battle
between Wall Street and a workforce that
is literally dying to keep its
professional life it should not they
they you know they work so hard they
collectively serve a million people
every day in this city of New York they
do it with dignity
and integrity and with sweat they should
not have to shed their blood over top of
it what do you think are the three most
important things that have to happen
must be a cap on the number of vehicles
and done in a way that protects
full-time work the taxi meter which is
regulated must be the meter that is used
across all of the sectors so uber and
lyft cannot continue to drop the fare
that rate of fare means to go up and
there needs to be a health and benefits
fund that will take care of the drivers
one of the things that Douglas said was
as he faced his poverty he also lost his
health care people cannot afford it
there is too much at stake here I want
to thank you so much for joining us beta
V Desai is the executive director and
co-founder of the New York taxi workers
Alliance which represents over 19,000
taxi drivers in New York City this is
democracy now when we come back one of
the most significant police corruption
cases in a generation and it's playing
out in a Baltimore courtroom stay with
us
