this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report we are
broadcasting live from the UN climate
summit in Bonn Germany I'm Amy Goodman
despite president Trump's vows to pull
the United States out of the landmark
2015 Paris Accord there are a number of
US senators mayors governors who are
staging an anti-trump revolt here in
Bonn this is Rhode Island Democratic
senator Sheldon Whitehouse speaking in
Bonn on Saturday the primary point that
I want to make is that the Trump
administration is not only isolated in
the world community on this issue but
also isolated within America on this
issue Congress has many strong voices
who opposed the Trump administration
governors mayors American corporations
our NGO community are all continuing
ahead
that's White House not to be confused
though with the White House that's the
Rhode Island senator Sheldon Whitehouse
the lawmakers are part of a coalition of
cities universities faith groups and
companies who are in Bonn Germany to
reject Trump's vow to pull the u.s. out
of the Paris Accord and instead proclaim
we are still in well on Saturday
democracy now asked a number of these
senators and mayors what they mean when
they say we're still in among them
Massachusetts Democratic senator Ed
Markey I began by asking him why he's
here at the UN climate summit in Bonn
Germany we're here to tell the world
that Donald Trump does not represent the
majority view in our country that
overwhelmingly people do believe that
the planet is dangerously warming and
that human activity is causing an end
that we have to do something about it so
we just want them to know that inside
our country mayors governors
private-sector companies and individuals
are continuing to move forward to meet
the goal that was committed by the
United States to the world what does
that mean I mean if President Trump says
he's polling
the us out what does it mean to say
you're pushing to meet the goals there
are existing federal laws on the books
that we will not allow him to repeal
there are existing state let the fuel
economy standards that that push our
country towards over 50 miles per gallon
by the year 2025 we are going to fight
to make sure that stays on the books the
state laws for renewable electricity to
be deployed in state after state those
laws are not going to be repealed the
appliance efficiency standards and
ensure that the toasters the stoves the
light bulbs are made have a more
efficient we're going to fight for that
as well so ultimately it's the amount of
pollution that goes up into the sky and
that comes from appliances it comes from
buildings that comes from vehicles that
are driven and we are just here to tell
them that we are going to make it very
difficult for the president to rollback
any of those standards and at the state
level in the city level it's going to
continue to move forward very
aggressively along with hundreds of
companies in our country who are
committed to you know raising their
goals so there's the we're still in
coalition that you're a part of you're
still in climate Accord but then there's
also the Trump administration they
actually are making the trip over here
some of them told a news conference
pushing nuclear and coal and gas your
thoughts on this the Trump
administration is looking at the world
in a rearview mirror but going forward
when there are actions in country after
country for example Mexico had an
auction for solar power that came in at
three cents a kilowatt-hour that's below
the cost of natural gas it's below the
cost of coal so this is a revolution
that they can't stop the economics of
the Renewable Revolution are now out of
the control of governments they are now
out in the economic marketplace and we
are here to tell them that we understand
that that
that the economics of renewables of all
electric vehicles are all moving
inexorably towards the day when his
attempt to protect the fossil fuel
economy is just not going to be
successful what's gonna happen with
president Trump's nomination for his
environmental policy advisor
Kathleen Hartnett White who said carbon
dioxide is harmless actually a plant
nutrient and she described wind and
solar power as unreliable and parasitic
she says climate change is a dogma that
has little to do with science and in a
blog she said coal dissolved the
economic justification for slavery I sit
on the committee that had the hearing
with her testifying last week she and
her nomination are an embarrassment to
our country she does not believe in
science she does not believe in the harm
that co2 does she is somebody that is
only reflecting the views of corporate
America the fossil fuel industry so the
Democrats are gonna fight her as hard as
anyone has ever been fought in our
committee and on the floor of the United
States Senate we are going to make sure
that every Republican understands that
it will be one of the most embarrassing
moments of their lives if they vote to
conform or to confirm her to a position
of high responsibility over the
environment in our country do you have
any Republican allies on the committee I
think that there is perhaps here a
bridge too far that it might just be
something that is so egregious so bad
that Republicans of conscience who we
know really do want to protect the
environment will have to stand up and
say no and we think that we have an
excellent chance to defeat her and to
defeat Michael Dorson who has been put
in charge of toxic as well I don't think
Republicans want to vote on either one
of them explain who dorsen is and what
he represents Michael Dorson is someone
who worked for the chemical industry who
has now been nominated to take over
regulation of toxic chemicals in our
country
there's one chemical for example 1 4
dioxane that scientists at the EPA have
come to a conclusion as to what is
acceptable exposure for human beings
without in fact contracting cancer he
believes that human beings can be
exposed to 1000 times that level of 1 4
dioxane we think that's an embarrassing
vote for the Republicans out on the
Senate floor as well and we're going to
make sure that everyone understands how
bad not only he is but his other
environmental nominees you know
President Trump says he's going to relax
the car emission standards and I want to
ask overall it is a repeated mantra in
the US media that Trump hasn't been able
to pass any meaningful legislation but
that obscures the fact that the EPA had
Scott Pruett is pushing fast and furious
repealing one rule regulation after
another around the environment perhaps
as Bill McKibben said on Democracy Now
yesterday the environment is the place
that President Trump is making the most
progress or regressing us the most well
on fuel economy standards California and
all of the other states that are part of
the California waiver they're going to
have a say on that and I don't think any
of those states intend on relenting so
there's going to be a prolonged
bitter battle in the courts before the
Trump administration can be successful
on fuel economy standards and at the end
of the day they're going to lose and
what about the fact that the EPA is
moving to repeal so many environmental
standards and succeeding without
question the Trump administration is
trying to turn the EPA into every
polluters ally but at the end of the day
they cannot repeal the Clean Air Act
they cannot repeal the Clean Water Act
they cannot repeal law after law they
can try to move the regulations in their
discretion to a more conservative
perspective but that will be temporary
when the Democrats returned are some
normal Republican administration returns
then I think that the underlying
statutes will still be on the books
because we don't intend on allowing
Trump to repeal one single law even if
he can change our interpret the
regulations under the existing laws for
a two or three year period knowing as
well that the NRDC the Sierra Club and
other public interest groups and the
attorneys general of the United States
are going to sue Trump on any regulation
that Scott Pruett tries to change it
will be years before he's successful on
any significant regulation senator
Markey we just returned from Puerto Rico
and as we're flying here to Bonn
San Juan which was the most electrified
area still the majority people not
getting electricity actually lost their
electricity can you talk about what will
happen with Puerto Rico the people of
Puerto Rico are US citizens
Puerto Rico is an ongoing tragedy it
unfortunately is something that has had
the Trump administration think of them
as second-class citizens and not giving
them the commitment which they need the
mayor of San Juan may accrue she speaks
for me and I think the majority of the
American people that they not ingrid's
they're American citizens they have
people who are entitled to all of the
full protections and benefits of our
country and in Congress before the end
of this year we're gonna have a mighty
battle over this over what is happening
with the American response the American
government's response down there and we
have to make sure that there's full
funding that goes to Puerto Rico in the
same way that it would go to Louisiana
or Texas Florida if they had a
catastrophe and we're going to make sure
we have that battle
FEMA has just said that they will move
out thousands of Puerto Ricans to the
mainland we were just speaking with the
Puerto Rican activist who is here deeply
concerned about
the answer being not solving the issue
of Puerto Rico and all that has to
happen right now that also goes to its
debt and what's going to happen there
but just moving Puerto Ricans out yeah
there are estimates that upwards of
500,000 Puerto Ricans could just leave
permanently that Island and not go back
again that's just wrong these people
should be given an option that they know
that the American government is coming
in to help them in a very brief period
of time to rebuild their homes to
rebuild their towns otherwise they're
almost economic refugees being forced to
flee to Florida or Massachusetts or New
York or New Jersey or in Illinois which
is where they are heading that's wrong
we should actually commit the resources
that give them hope for a future in
their own hometown so they don't
actually have to think about leaving
will you be investigating Ryan's Enki
the interior secretary whitefish energy
gets this 300 million dollar contract
white fish of course named for his
hometown and how it's possible that when
Hurricane Maria hit there were two
people who white fish had two people and
they got a 300 million dollar contract
now the governor says they're going to
cancel it not clear what's going to
happen with it yeah that that contract
is absolutely something that should
raise the eyebrows of every member of
the Senate so that they hit it so that
they hit the ceiling that's how bad that
deal is a company that has no experience
very few employees is given the job
maybe maybe the major reconstruction of
an electric grid system in the history
of our country it's it's so wrong from
step one that it's not even really
debatable but yet in this Trump
administration it is and so we need to
make sure that we use that as an example
that illuminates the soul of the Trump
administration when it comes to how the
people of Puerto Rico treat it what is
your view on nuclear power it seems a
number even if progressives are starting
to say well it's better than coal it's
better than gas
but so many people have fought nuclear
power in this country for so many years
the economics of nuclear power are
absolutely abysmal Westinghouse went
bankrupt trying to build a nuclear power
for the people of Georgia and South
Carolina and that's been what has
happened over the last 30 years it never
did come back from Three Mile Island or
Chernobyl or any of the other questions
that have been raised over the years
it's just almost impossible for them now
to to receive private sector funding
that's why we have the price-anderson
act that has the American people
covering a major meltdown to the tune of
20 billion dollars or more if something
goes wrong you don't need that with
renewables you don't need that with
natural gas and I think ultimately
utility executives are rational and
they're going to move towards the kinds
of electrical generating technologies
that are drawing the bulk overwhelming
bulk of a private-sector investment
perhaps the greatest threat to the
environment is nuclear war President
Trump has certainly upped the ante when
it comes to North Korea saying he's
going to unleash fire and fury and a
population of 25 million your thoughts
as he comes back from Asia now on
Tuesday night we're going to have a
hearing in the Foreign Relations
Committee I asked senator bob Corker the
chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee to have a hearing on the use
of nuclear weapons by the United States
first in a conflict with North Koreans
or any other country it's time for us to
have this debate across our country
should the United States be the country
that initiates a nuclear war even if we
have not been attacked by nuclear
weapons we need a national referendum on
this issue Donald Trump no single human
being
should have the power to use nuclear
weapons when they have not been used by
an opponent an adversary of our country
do you feel we're closer to nuclear war
now I think it's very possible on the
Korean Peninsula that we could slip into
a situation where conventional war
escalates so quickly that nuclear
weapons becomes contemplate Abel on both
sides and I'm also concerned that there
may be a plan by the US government to
use small nuclear bombs baby nuclear
bombs to go in and surgically try to
attack the nuclear weapons systems
inside of North Korea the problem with
that is that even the Pentagon has
concluded that there's no guarantee that
we would have knocked out all of the
nuclear weapons capacity of South North
Korea which could still leave them with
the capacity to launch against South
Korea where we have 200,000 Americans
including 30,000 a military personnel
ought to it's Japan ought to it's Guam
it would be catastrophic
