this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I am Amy
Goodman and I'm Marian Shay welcome to
our listeners and viewers around the
country and around the world we're
broadcasting live today from the UN
climate summit here in Bonn Germany we
begin today's show with sim Bob Lee
where a longtime leader Robert Mugabe
remains under house arrest and is
reportedly refusing to resign as
president after Zimbabwe's military
seized Parliament courts government
officers and the main airport in the
capital Harare the apparent coup came a
week after President Mugabe al stood his
vice president
Emerson Managua who fled the country
only to return Wednesday the military
says it has appointed him as interim
president residents in Harare reported
an uneasy calm today after Tuesday
night's apparent military coup which saw
armored vehicles rumble through the
streets with explosions and heavy
gunfire reported in Harare snore then
suburbs where a number of government
officials live this is Major General SP
moyo speaking Wednesday morning on
Zimbabwe and state television after
Mugabe is arrest and sound and their
security is guaranteed we are only
targeting criminals around him who are
committing crimes that are causing
social and economic suffering in the
country in order to bring them to
justice
Robert Mugabe has held power since then
Bob way declared independence from the
United Kingdom 37 years ago the 93 year
old leader was working to hand over
power to his wife 52 year-old Grace
Mugabe there are conflicting accounts
about her location with some reports
suggesting she fled to Namibia while
others report she's under house arrest
in Zimbabwe well for more we're joined
by two guests here in Bonn Germany we're
joined by Nemo bossy Nigerian
environmental activist director of the
health of Mother Earth foundation
and an Oxford in Britain we're joined by
Jocelyn Alexander
she's professor at Oxford University
from author of the unsettled land the
politics of land and state making in
Zimbabwe 1893 to 2003 well professor
we're going to take this right through
to today 2017 can you explain what you
understand is taking place in Zimbabwe
right now yeah I can try there's a great
deal of confusion still about what's
happening as far as they understand it
there's a process of negotiation that's
going on amongst the main players and
including emissaries from sadyk that is
the regional group and from South Africa
so all sides are trying to to reach some
kind of agreement and they've been
negotiating I understand since yesterday
and till late last night and they're
resuming again today to try to come to
some kind of agreement but of course the
positions are to some extent
irreconcilable and there's some question
about whether Mugabe will be willing to
step down and under what conditions and
then of course what kind of a regime
will take over in his place so that's
very much an ongoing set of negotiations
and I think the shape of it is not yet
clear well professor Alexander can you
tell us why you think that Mugabe took
this step now of sacking his vice
president nine days ago yeah Emerson
moon and GOG WA is a formidable
political actor and I think Mugabe felt
that he was impatient to to take power
and he wasn't willing to tolerate the
kind of maneuverings that moon and GOG
WA and and maybe more so some of his
allies were undertaking and so he moved
against him much as he moved against his
predecessor Joyce Maduro who was kicked
out of office a few years earlier under
similar circumstances
so Mugabe has has acted to prevent
anyone from
assuming any path to to power while he's
still in office well can you give us the
history of all of these power centers in
Zimbabwe right you have Grace Mugabe the
wife you have the new president and what
their relationship is as well as the
person you just talked about I think
there are a great many centers of power
in Zimbabwe and it's a it's a very
complicated system to fully understand a
lot of the portrayal has seen this as a
question of the military versus Mugabe
but the military is of course itself not
United part of the military remains
loyal to Mugabe I think there was quite
a difference in the tone and demands and
contexts provided in the two statements
that came on Monday and then on early
Wednesday morning
first from Constantino chihuaha the
chief of the Defence Forces and then
from C Basu Moyo who was a Major General
in the military they they elaborated
different kinds of complaints and they
justified their intervention in quite
different ways which may or may or may
not indicate that there is a division
even among those who would like to to
remove Mugabe she Wanga is obviously
very closely allied to Emerson Managua
who has a very powerful position within
zanu-pf the political party and to some
extent you can see to Angas actions as
trying to aid the ascent of a friendly
part of zanu-pf from his point of view
and he may Harbor of course political
ambitions as well I think there's
there's a different view from within the
military that can be seen as a kind of
professional objection to what they're
seeing as abuses of the Zimbabwean state
and abuses of this in Bob Wian economy
in terms of corruption and patronage so
there are different agendas even within
the military
that haven't really come out into the
light of day yet and I think we may see
that play out in the next few days but
the the intensity of the negotiation
that at the moment are about how Mugabi
might leave and I think there are a
number of key players involved in that
process of course they're also
consulting members of the opposition
movement there are very many very many
different parties who are makeup the
opposition the most significant is led
by Morgan Chang her I who in fact beat
Mugabe in an election in in 2008 but was
not allowed to assume power and he
remains probably the the leader of the
most the most significant in electoral
terms opposition party but there are
other smaller parties that are also part
of these negotiations and making demands
they have different kinds of links to
South Africa and other regional players
so it's a very complex picture and I
think it would it would be rash to jump
to conclusions at this point about what
the outcome is going to be
we're also joined by dr. Knox GTO
Associate Fellow of the Africa program
at Chatham House who is currently in
South Africa but just returned from
Zimbabwe as all of this was unfolding
can you describe what the atmosphere was
like and your thoughts right now on
what's happening in neighboring Zimbabwe
I was in yesterday I've been out there
for some days it was surprisingly
restrained there was obviously a public
anxiety about wasn't happening about
what people were hearing and single
quotes Iran has always been rumor
central you know there's always rumors
going around and people come in caged by
social media so there's a lot of false
news that is going on which raised
public anxieties but on the ground
certainly in Harare we didn't see
because out there sounds on family you
know to see family
see a massive presence of founders yes
the soldiers at strategic locations and
certain roads particularly both which
which which give access to state
ourselves I'd be important off in the
airport and consular but you didn't see
hundreds and hundreds of soldiers
milling around on the streets we didn't
see harassment of civilian so in some
ways in a very surprisingly restrained
and all those lights military guidance
transition the other surprising thing is
that there's been a taxes public
acceptance well I would hesitate these
word endorsement of what's going on
because clearly this is not a democratic
transition in normal sense of the word
but you know people when you talk to
people are mothers now the mother's
economy is such a low point and above
all of suffering an impoverishment and
and issues are so poor that people are
people are saying you know in Shona
people have been saying regard g20 there
which which means you know if it has to
be done this way so be it let's get
close you people want closure on the
Center for ongoing chaos and so on and
so forth the beautiful want closure they
do necessarily wanted to be angles to
the multi that one
closure and the sense that we're in
nuclear where people can be government
is likely to be some new government
coming in can engage on the container
priority for people at home what people
are saying speak on an economy the
economy jobs and a sense you know so dr.
Knox to tell you you are in South Africa
now can you hear us
dr. GTO yes I can hear you yes I can
hear you now
yes so you were just in Zimbabwe you're
in South Africa now and as we speak
South African minister
our meeting with people in Zimbabwe in
an attempt to resolve this crisis can
you tell us historically what the role
of South Africa and Zimbabwe has been
it's been a very close role I mean
historically and I took down to find the
issue Zimbabwe and South Africa have
been both competitors and collaborators
in the region at point in you know each
of the past hundred years and notes are
collecting the regional hegemony
acknowledged hegemon
but Bob at times has been one of you
know it's kind of the number two in the
region so it's a very close relationship
sometimes contested but before you know
during the 2000 South Africa played a
very strong role in terms of mediating a
dispute between vampyre from the
opposition they were the guarantor the
long static off of the the government
national image and the GPA and South
Africa now is coming on board again
because it's obvious and anxiety within
the region that you know this this needs
to be a negotiated transfer what nobody
wants is for it for this process of
garlic egg to become a very messy very
violent
I think nobody wants that particular
within the region region within the
bubble so that's why we're seeing South
Africa stepping in again they're dead
after be the GNU there was a certain
level of symbolic fatigue within the
region and then so that kind of got its
own issues I'm going but what's
happening now is too important and too
critical for South Africa in the region
not to step in because it has huge
implications for South Africa in the
region there's millions of symbolic here
in South Africa and in the region so it
has a massive regional implication I
want to bring Nemo bossy into this
conversation not a Zimbabwean but
from Nigeria though this certainly
involves the whole continent Nemo you
are an environmental activist but you're
here in Bonn Germany you hear that there
has been a coup in Zimbabwe though the
government is now trying to say it's not
a coup it's a correction so your
thoughts as a longtime African leader
it's absolutely a coup there is no
difference between what is groaning
about where and what we normally see as
coup I lived in Nigeria over a period
thirty years of military rule and there
were changes by military coup military
officers over to each other and you
could see the same kind of treatment the
same kind of things happening the
president who is the commander in chief
of the armed forces is in detention in
house arrest
that is a coup that doesn't happen in
her condition but I think the military
is a map we are being very careful in
handling the situation and this may help
also in the resolution of what is going
on
leading political party Zimbabwe have
been working hand in hand right from a
dependent - 1980 so Maghreb is work with
the military they helped to prop him up
they helped him in 1980 when the
opposition defeated him in in 2008 when
the opposition movement for Democratic
Change actually defeated him in the
elect President election so the militia
will did to prop him up now looks like
the military thought maybe they may lose
out in the end I decided to take him out
in this way Mugabe wasn't always known
though or recognized as a military
dictator or a dictator at all because of
course he helped lead the fight against
the British in colonial Rhodesia so
could you tell us a little bit about the
the transition that occurred over these
decades that was in 1980 and now it's
2017 well stood out as a leader of the
guerrilla movement in Rhodesia
against against the minority government
I was in power and then of course it's
not nobody system assimilated it later
because
he was always as we learn more or less
but he had the little machine behind and
I think that is what really made him
every situation different from what we
see in other African countries so over
the years from when he took over as
Prime Minister became president and got
to the point where this obsession the
trend force obsession became so clear
after been in power for so long people
really see burns actually needed change
but the crew finally space through the
ballot box which is very unfortunate and
the military is now exploiting
exploiting that gap and I think the
military is opportunistic I'm hoping
that people can can take up what has
gone on now and change situation
assistance a very good statement from
civil society same world you know the
belief she has done this but the
Democratic pretty much followed the
Constitution motto be sub button but you
know it's a very difficult balance again
what's going on now
professor Jocelyn Alexander would you
agree with Nemo bossy on this issue of a
correction as the military is trying to
put it or a coup I think by any
definition it is a coup you know it's
very interesting that they're trying to
tell a story about and in which it's
something different but it's not unlike
you know the so called the guardian coos
in in West Africa where you have people
coming in and saying the politicians
have got a bit out of control they're
overly corrupt they're overly abusive
we're just trying to fix the situation
so that we could get back get back on
the right track but obviously it's it's
unconstitutional
obviously it's illegal obviously it's
not a democratic process so I think you
know by any other name it's a coup so
that's you know it's it's I think it's
important though that they're trying to
portray it as something else and I think
that's actually one of the things which
is going to constrain them and I hope my
colleague Knox
GTO is correct that we will avoid any
kind of open conflict and this will be
resolved for negotiation the pressure on
them to do that is that the government
that comes in needs to have some kind of
legitimacy so the only way it can do
that is if there is a negotiated
agreement
there's some kind of terms on which
mcgaubey will step down that will allow
for a government that's more inclusive
and that does not run by the military
and in fact I don't think the military
has the stomach for any kind of direct
government they very much want to hand
back over to politicians but the the
complication here is that some of the
military at any rate is very much on the
side of a particular faction in the
ruling party that of course by Emerson
moon and GOG WA Emerson moon and GOG WA
is a is a divisive figure so he's not
someone who's going to easily unite the
party behind him he's not someone who's
gonna easily unite all of the security
forces behind him and of course this is
a large military with various different
branches that have different kinds of
loyalties so that that's that's
something which raises a real challenge
but I would very much like to back up
what what dr. j'tia was saying about the
kind of public reaction which is also
fascinating because it has been entirely
passive there's been no one in the
street there's been no celebration but
there's been no objection
none of the the party's youth leagues
have come out you know there's been no
expressions of joy or of anger over
what's happening there's a sense of
everybody waiting and I mean I've heard
from very many people that they're there
they're happy about the change and I
think there is this extraordinary sense
of Zimbabwe having been stuck in this
place for a very long time and unable to
get out of it really since the you know
since very markedly since the 2008
election but even earlier than that that
you know change was necessary and it was
being blocked and it was being blocked
by Robert Mugabe so the idea that that
might be something that shifts now has
caused a kind of euphoria I think a kind
of optimism about what might be possible
and I I just I don't want to be you know
overly negative but I think that there
needs to be a lot of care in in thinking
about what directions involve ways going
in now what kind of deals are being made
how this government really is going to
be held accountable who it actually
represents you know what kind of
stability we're talking about in the end
so all of those things I think remain to
be resolved or even really I don't think
we really know the shape of it yet and
so we will certainly continue to cover
this we want to thank Oxford professor
Jocelyn Alexander speaking to us from
Oxford dr. Knox chuck teo of Chatham
House and Bob way and just left Zimbabwe
speaking to us from Johannesburg and
Nima bassy health of Mother Earth
foundation
