this is democracy now I am Amy Goodman
as the nation prepares to mark Martin
Luther King Day next Monday modern day
civil rights leaders have launched a new
Poor People's Campaign inspired by the
historic 1968 action 50 years ago led by
King in the Southern Christian
Leadership Conference that was dr.
Martin Luther King speaking about the
1968 Poor People's Campaign in the
coming months organizers are planning
six weeks of direct action at state
houses across the country in the US
Capitol to call attention to systemic
racism poverty the war economy and
ecological devastation we're joined by
two of the organizers of the campaign
Reverend dr. William Barbour president
and senior lecturer of repairers of the
breach leader the moral Mondays and
author of third reconstruction moral
Mondays fusion politics and the rise of
a new justice movement we're also joined
by Jonathan Wilson Hart Grove an
evangelical minister and director of the
school for conversion in Durham North
Carolina he's author of the upcoming
book reconstructing the gospel finding
freedom from slave holder religion about
the two men have organized together for
years they were not always in Political
Agreement Barbour grew up and the black
led freedom movement Wilson Hart Grove
grew up as a white Southern Baptist
served as a page for the late South
Carolina senator Strom Thurmond a fierce
foe of the civil rights movement a
supporter of segregation Wilson heart
gross political transition began after
hearing Reverend barber preach
welcome you both to Democracy Now
Reverend barber talked about the
significance of dr. King day and your
launch of the poor people's March fifty
days after his fifty years under his
well thank you so much Amy you know in
January on the fifth of January we
actually launched after traveling to
fifteen states doing regional trainings
organizing a thousand people in 25
states District of Columbia that have
committed to do direct action civil
disobedience training for preparing for
voter registration to launch a movement
we we have black we have white we have
brown young old gay straight Jewish
Muslim Christians people of faith people
not of faith were coming together fifty
years later Amy and one of the things
we're doing is we're writing something
called the souls of poor for auditing
America fifty years later I Pearson's to
for Policy Studies is helping with
activists and impact of people
referencing WDB duplex be the boys
that's right and to talk about the souls
of poor focus so often the poor just
dismiss both parties we don't even talk
about the poor top middle class we're
glad not before so fifty years later we
have thirty we have nearly a hundred
million poor and working poor people in
this country fourteen million poor
children fifty years later we have less
voting rights protection than we had in
May August 6 1965 50 years later Strom
Thurmond for instance filibuster
devoting our filibusters of Rights Act
of 57 for a day Ryan McConnell and
Boehner have filibuster fixing the
Voting Rights Act now for over four
years over seventeen hundred days we
have tremendous ecological devastation
and what we when we look at for instance
systemic voter suppression and you map
that we've done some maps every state
where there's high voter suppression it
also high poverty denial of health care
denial of living wages denial of labor
union rights attacks or immigrants
attacks on women so it's the same states
and it's and and what was happening this
is not for the poor it's with the poor
and it's launching a more
to your campaign that we're beginning
now I want to ask you Jonathan Wilson
Hart Grove about your life story I mean
for young people they may not have even
heard of Strom Thurmond one of the
longest-serving senators in US history
also ran for president on a
segregationist platform what was your
involvement with him
well that was 1948 and I was born in
1980 so I wasn't you know very aware of
that either growing up I grew up in a
Southern Baptist culture that told us
you know if you're faithful you're
Republican and I wanted to do all that I
could for Jesus so I was trying to make
it to the White House and and Jesse
Helms referred me to Strom Thurmond and
that's how I ended up in his office but
when I got there I began to realize that
something wasn't quite right in terms of
these values that I was taught of love
and justice and concern for the
community and what was happening there
which was really about holding on to
power and and I began to realize you
know what Reverend Marvin was saying
that my people in North Carolina and in
the south had really been duped that we
that we were told that this was good for
us and good for America and good for the
world and as a matter of fact they that
they were using religion to serve this
white supremacist agenda that really
wasn't very different from what he had
advocated in 48 or in the 50s and the
60s but had changed its language a bit
and so I was very grateful for Reverend
barber teaching me that freedom movement
history beginning to realize that there
there really has been a movement that
has pushed for and an inclusive
democracy in this country since the 19th
century and that effort to reconstruct
this country is also very faith rooted
and we connected because of our faith
and begin to realize that there were
some faith leaders who were using that
faith to serve the agenda of this really
white supremacy game do you understand
this when you were a page for senator
Thurmond no I was very confused that's
why I needed a teacher like like dr.
barber here did you ever confront
senator Thurmond as you came to
understand and believe in a different
path no he was in his 90s and I don't
think was a very open to confrontation
the only the only serious conversation
he ever had with me
was telling me when I got to DC as a 16
year old young white man from North
Carolina that I ought to be careful cuz
this is a dangerous town see that's the
way race was talked about in that
movement still is let me play a clip of
your senator senator Strom Thurmond
speaking in 1948 when he ran for
president as a nominee of the pro
segregationist states rights Democratic
Party more popularly in the Leland more
popularly known as the Dixiecrats
Thurmond spoke out against Harry Truman
civil rights platform at the time
[Music]
needless to say he didn't win in 1948
but that philosophy of segregation
carried on as you watched what happened
in Virginia in Charlottesville this past
summer
did you see the echoes of Strom Thurmond
as the self-proclaimed fascist the
self-proclaimed white supremacist
marched across the university absolutely
because if you listened to something
like that as somebody who grew up in the
church you realized that what he's doing
there is preaching he's preaching in the
public square and and and that's what
folks like Richard Spencer are trying to
do they're trying to bring a vision for
organizer right for what they want the
world to be into the public spirit and
they're using religion to do it and so I
had to learn that whiteness is a
religion that people are sold on and
that someone like me who wants to follow
Jesus needs to be converted needs to be
converted from the religion of whiteness
to the religion of of Jesus or many
other traditions that are willing to
embrace a kind of universal humanity
that whiteness can embrace and how do
you our compete reott respond to your
gospel
so what you preach now as a minister
well you know I think a lot of times
when it's framed as something against
what people are doing they react right
everybody's defensive when you attack
what they are but when you hold forth
the the invitation to be part of
something you know this this Poor
People's Campaign that we're talking
right now is a movement that is for
everyone you know sister mashaallah
who's with us in DC came from Washington
she said she said I'm the white trash
that they threw out and forgot to burn
but I'm glad to be part of a movement
that includes me right and and I'm and
I'm part of that movement too so so I
think the the constructive vision of the
movement is an invitation that that many
people are beginning to respond to
because they they you know if you're a
poor person in North Carolina or Alabama
what you have to realize at the end of
the day is that these people who say
vote for me because I'm a good Christian
leader are not serving your interests
you don't have health care you don't
have a living wage because the same
people who say they're standing up for
God and righteousness are when they're
voting voting against the interest of
poor people whether you're black white
brown or whatever let me ask you
something and Roy Moore way race yes he
was defeated but as someone tweeted out
that night when it was even closer on
December 12th if we can beat a pedophile
by 0.8% we can do anything that was the
tweet and Reverend barber if we can beat
a pedophile by 0.8% we can do anything
AK you know obviously a sarcastic
comment how could it possibly have been
that close and now we see the home of
Tina Johnson burned to the ground in
Alabama as people raised money for her
one of Roy Moore's accusers well I think
Johnson hit on something and that is it
is important for us to remember that the
movement for justice has always been by
racial abolition movement was biracial
civil rights movement was biracial
tri-racial sometimes the the first Poor
People's Campaign was not just dr. King
was Cesar Chavez it was Jewish it was
the welfare workers rights workers it
was Al McSherry who had organized up in
Kentucky in some sense we lost that
sense of fusion power
and that's what moral Monday has been
about that's what this poor people's
campaign is about not only can we beat a
pedophile the beauty the reality is if
we focus on policy as we went to Alabama
and they said we couldn't organize white
ministers to stand up against Rome or
not about what he had allegedly done to
children but his policies and we did 65%
of the people got arrested more on
Monday were white now what we're saying
is do you have health care you know when
you didn't with all the southern states
denied health care to people who got
elected by voter suppression didn't use
that power to deny health care the
majority of people that are being denied
are white when you don't have a living
wage the majority people are being
affected are white in raw numbers
they're 8 million more white people poor
than there are African American we have
got to show how people are being played
and you can't always look just out of
Charlottesville or Strom Thurmond
remember they changed that language
after 68 see Kevin Phillips said we
can't talk like that anymore what we're
gonna talk about now is tax cuts and and
and and and entitlement cuts and forced
busing that's the language of the
Southern Strategy it changed but it was
it was the language was coded language
to say number one this is what needs to
change for your life to be better the
policies are gonna hurt mostly black
people and brown people in a percentage
basis but it's also gonna make people
think that black people are the problem
that's why Trump went to all white
audience and then talked about black
people you know what do they have to
lose one of the things I think we got a
we're saying we need a Poor People's
Campaign a national call for a moral
revival we need to reshift them our
narrative for instance in this week King
week I've been looking at how focal
people are focusing now on key on
Trump's quote-unquote mental status
that's the wrong thing I mean I have my
own opinions about that
but dr. King talked about America being
sick see what we're talking about an
individual we should be examining that
Tax Policy we should be going down the
list every media station and looking at
how are these policies that these
senators and others passed they
impacting the poor even the Democrats
didn't talk much about the poor in those
states we should be talking about the
judges he's trying to put on the on the
quietly like the one out of North
Carolina just got Tom far he's trying to
put on the bed but the Senators I hope
he's not doing this stuff by himself if
we get fixated on a person rather than
do what dr. King said examine the size
societal moral crisis that creates
characters like a Trump alright that
empowers them then we're really in in
trouble and I'm we have to deal with the
sickness of the society dr. King said
lastly any society that puts more money
in war than it does and social uplift is
headed toward spiritual death when we
have an exacerbation of races voter
racism Systema traits into voter
suppression we have extreme poverty we
have ecological devastation and a war
economy and in a mixed up moral
narrative where people can literally run
for office and look you in the face if
you elect me I'm gonna take your health
care and get elected if you elect me I'm
gonna be a racist if you elect me I'm
gonna put hundreds of thousands of
people out of the country if you elect
me I'm attacked 800,000 students doctors
to you and say that boldly we have more
than a personality problem we have our
moral crisis and only thing that can
combat that is a movement that challenge
is that crisis we're gonna break and
then come back to this discussion you're
listening to the Reverend dr. William
Barbour of repairers of the breach from
North Carolina and Minister Jonathan
Wilson Hart grove of the school for
conversion in North Carolina this is
democracy now they're starting a poor
people's March 50 years after dr. King's
stay with us
