this is democracy now I meani Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez well a federal judge
has state the deportation of immigrant
rights leader Rafi Rock beer after he
filed a free-speech lawsuit charging the
Trump administration of targeting
immigrant rights activists with
surveillance and deportation I want to
list some of the other outspoken
immigrants who have been targeted by ice
as laid out by Nick Pinto in the
intercept Daniela Vargas a 22 year old
activist who came to the United States
from Argentina when she was 7 was
detained by ice agents last March as she
was leaving a news conference in Jackson
Mississippi where she had spoken on the
Obama era deferred action for childhood
arrivals program that stayed her own
deportation for lacan immigrant status
the same month in Vermont Ice arrested
Jose Enrique Marquez R Sanchez and zuly
Victoria Palacios Rodriguez two leading
organizers with migrant justice a
workers rights organization Palacios was
read as his lawyer Matt Cameron told The
Boston Globe that the offense she was
arrested for overstaying her visa by
some eight months wouldn't usually
attract Isis attention that it's
especially unusual for such a person to
be held without bail as his client was a
couple of months later two more migrant
justice activists Yesenia Evan and s
Ramos and a sow Pesci Ventura were
arrested by a Border Patrol agent and
transferred to ice custody after taking
part in the March outside of Ben and
Jerry's plant to demand better working
conditions for farmworkers supplying
milk to the ice cream giant in December
ice began deportation proceedings
against Maru Mora V upon V al fondo of
47 year old activists who came from
Mexico more than 25 years ago and is an
outspoken critic of Isis deportation and
detention practices in the Seattle area
also in December but asada Balto
Gutierrez a 35 year old clam harvester
in Washington State was detained after
he was quoted in local papers talking
about his girlfriend's recent
deportation you're the one from the
newspaper a bordo Gutierrez says the ice
agent who detained him said my
supervisor asked me to come find you
because of what appeared in the
newspaper in January ice agents in
Colorado arrested
lyc√©e Harada after his wife Ingrid in
colada la Torre publicly took sanctuary
in a bolder Church to avoid deportation
to Peru that is all from Nick pintos
article in the intercept title ice is
targeting political opponents for
deportation Ravi Ravi Rand rights groups
say in court
Ravi this amazing list of activists
being rounded up essentially by ice
around the country a reaction well what
we have seen here is a you know a state
of affair that they're trying to create
by taking people away Maru has always
been a I know Maru we have been in many
conferences together and she has always
been spoken to sent her notice the piano
so that she's and removal proceeding is
a direction and sure the direction the
agency is is heading to look at the
resources they are located to deport me
you were seen at this is an
intensification against the immigrant
community you know I I will what you had
a quote from from the president where is
the due process well we should be
accelerating the due process and in what
what we have seen he was talking
president Trump was talking about for
sexual for domestic violence abusers and
it's White House which and you have you
know you have photographic proof of the
abuse but we have seen her support for
those abusers right but we're not seen a
support for the families who are being
destroyed Caroline of the ACLU what
about that it issued due process what
due process rights do people who who are
in the country according to ice
illegally have and the reason is because
the Constitution uses the word persons
rather than citizens and the Supreme
Court is long ago held that immigrants
have due process rights and what we are
seeing around the country is the Trump
administration rounding up people large
groups of people and then trying to
deport them abruptly without giving them
their due process rights and what's even
more troubling perhaps is that when we
go to court
they're saying the courts don't have
jurisdiction authority to enforce the
due process rights of immigrants so the
ACLU has been fighting cases in Detroit
on behalf of Iraqis Boston and New
Jersey on behalf of individuals in these
cases in these cases the judges have all
blocked the deportation which is
heartening and I've been doing this a
long time but I don't think I can
remember a time when the judges have
been so pointed in questioning the
government and saying some of these
individuals many of these individuals
are likely be tortured or killed if sent
back why are you rushing them out of the
country without even giving them time to
file claims the judges have been
extremely critical of the government and
but issuing rigorous legal opinions the
government's appealed and we'll see what
happens but for now it's been hardening
a lot of those cases it's been ethnic
groups we're in essence targeted by
right by ice what about this issue of
political activists yes which is
obviously not a lot more difficult
possibly the first will mask the
evidence and then to get rulings on
right so I think those cases are a
subset of this larger problem we are
that they say oh you're hearing about
these cases as Robbie pointed out as you
pointed out all over the country where
people who are speaking out are being
targeted and we're concerned that it's
suppressing suppressing political speech
that's very troubling and what we
anticipate the government's saying is
well the courts don't have jurisdiction
to do anything about it so I think we're
in for a long battle before the courts I
want to read what the ice deputy
director Thomas Holman told the New York
Times about the recent decisions by
federal judges and cases of immigrants
who are fighting their deportation he
said I'm increasingly troubled by orders
from federal judges halting the
deportation of certain groups of
individuals all of which appeared to
ignore the fact that each alien in
question was lawfully ordered removed
from the United States after full and
fair proceedings many of which lasted
several years or longer at great
taxpayer expense further these orders
hinder ices efforts to address the clear
public safety threat posed by many of
these aliens the majority of whom have
criminal convictions of course entering
the
States illegally is itself a crime said
Isis deputy director Thomas Holman legal
art yeah that's not responsive to what
the federal judges are saying the
federal judges are recognizing that
these individuals have final orders but
what they're also pointing out is these
final orders we're decades ago these
individuals have lived peaceful lives
for decades but more importantly if
they're sent back they may be tortured
and so the part of the law that he is
ignoring is that Congress has set up a
system to say you can go and reopen your
case if you believe you're going to be
tortured or persecuted or sent back
that's the part of the law that Congress
enacted that he's ignoring last week a
federal judge in northern New Jersey
temporarily blocked the removal of
dozens of Indonesian Christians
including two fathers who were detained
by ice as they were taking their
children to school we're joined by Seth
copper Dale pastor of the Reformed
Church of Highland Park in New Jersey he
was the Green Party candidate for
governor of New Jersey in 2017 welcome
to Democracy Now could you tell us the
latest developments with the folks that
were taking refuge in your church yes
those taking refuge in our church I can
say after the ACLU lawsuit was filed a
week ago Friday and the judge heard it
immediately we felt a great deal of
relief the lawsuit itself doesn't say
that ice can't take action against
people here but it says that ice can't
remove people from the country or move
them out of district so we believe that
the people who are making our sanctuary
can go home and they have gone home and
they have been safe since that time we
think it would be very foolish if ice
were to act against them when a judge
has clearly made it clear that this is
in an exploratory moment so one of the
things that concerns us is that the two
people who were detained two weeks ago
Thursday the same day that one of my
church members made it here into
sanctuary they are still detained we
were hoping that maybe they would be
released during the time that things
pending we have you know for US citizen
children who are desperate to see their
their dads and so we're hopeful that
that ice would release them during the
time that this was holding but as of now
they're still detained the governor got
involved is that right the Democratic
governor after he was sworn in came to
your church I want to turn to one of the
wives of the Indonesian men targeted by
I speaking with the New Jersey Governor
Phil Murphy during his visit to your
church the Highland Park Reformed Church
she's not seen on camera to protect her
identity came in here 1998 when a
tightness china in indonesia was raping
was killing was torture and i was escape
and came in this country since I came in
I came into New Jersey I working I pay
tax I pay my own incidence and I'm right
now I'm working for faith insolence for
my husband and my kids
I never even came any penny from the
government to give me stand up right now
I'm talking me we have taught my myself
and my friend you know we are here we
working hard I didn't ask you for
anything just alone you know and let us
raise our children until whatever dream
they warned we don't want to kill their
dream because I cannot bring them to my
country it's not belong to them so that
was the wife of one of the Indonesian
men that was taken
pastor Seth copper Dale the significance
of the intervention of the stay of
deportation now do you see this as part
of a trend of federal judges saying no
to the Trump administration and what
needs to happen now also there are a
group of Indonesians and I believe legal
Aaron connects address this in Boston
and we'll talk about that in a minute
yeah I do see it as a trend and I would
say that in the case of the Indonesians
my congregation was deeply involved in
working with ice many years ago in
creating opportunities for Indonesia
who are not a deportation priority to
get stays because ice recognized the
horrible torture and possible danger
that awaited folks in Indonesia so we've
worked in the past with with ice to do
the things that now we're counting on
judges to do and I think that that's one
of the things that's happening we had a
moment where the administration
understood prosecutorial discretion
especially around issues around torture
and other things and now we're in a
place where we're counting on judges to
do what at one point we could count on
the administrative wing to do what about
the this issue of the Indonesian
Christians especially when since
President Trump has on several occasions
talked about the persecution of
Christians around the world and yet
right here in the United States are not
dealing with the legitimate requests of
the Indonesian Christians not to be sent
back to a place where they could be
persecuted exactly and so we went to
court in Boston on behalf of
approximately 50 Indonesian Christians
and the judge blocked deportation and
the judge said look I am NOT deciding
the legality of their deportation but
what I am going to do is give them time
to go before an immigration court to
show that as Indonesian Christians they
will be persecuted tortured if sent back
that's just basic due process now the
Indonesian Christians in New Jersey are
being threatened in the same way so we
went to court and block that but it's
Christian Iraqis out of Detroit in the
whole country
Rocky's in to try to represent they're
at nineteen hundred approximately around
the country not just Detroit we expanded
it to the whole country the judges
blocked nationwide and all we're asking
for is basic due process let them go to
immigration court to show they're gonna
be tortured or killed when the judge
said to the administration why not give
them time it's clear that they may be in
danger
the the administrator said no I'm not
giving we're not giving them any time
that's when the judge stepped in in the
best traditions of our federal court
Ravi Rahn beer home and the deputy
director of ice attacking the judiciary
hormone you you if you hear deputy sorry
the AG attorney general sessions he
himself have said publicly that this
country would be so much better if we do
how about judiciary where it is right
now that's that's that's that's that
shows the direction of where we head
into and I also wanted to point out two
things one is my cases did the New
Jersey case is different and the First
Amendment case is different we they're
they're saying that they don't have Isis
a today that doesn't have jurisdiction
for a case that is delivered a criminal
conviction on the First Amendment
it is not has nothing to do with the
actual deportation or itself and that is
what is at stake here where they are
taking away the tools of the court to
protect its own its own space its own
its own process and they are fighting
that and you know you see that the
violence that is coming as a resource
point and mcnulty the federal judge in
Newark made this point repeatedly on
Friday this issue of what it means when
you have someone before them and then
another branch of government
Deportes them absolutely I just want to
be clear that is happening in Robbie's
case but it is happening in all the
cases I've described in every case the
government's principal argument is the
court lacks jurisdiction to do anything
and so that's the common theme around
the country the courts don't have
authority to do anything and that's what
the courts have rejected so far and
hopefully we'll continue to reject well
I want to thank you both for and all for
being with us
Ravi Robb beer who now has a deportation
date for March 15th but a federal judge
in New Jersey is going to decide whether
to extend a stay before that date pastor
Seth copper Dale speaking to us from New
Jersey whose church has given sanctuary
to an Indonesian immigrant and legal
errant of the a cou immigrants rights
project this is democracy now when we
come back we remember a great human
rights lawyer humanitarian and activist
from Pakistan stay with
