this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
with the disappearance and probable
murder of Saudi journalist Washington
Post columnist Jamel khashoggi as
evidence mounts that Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman is directly
implicated in his assassination turkish
officials say Khashoggi was tortured and
murdered by a squad of 15 Saudi hitmen
shortly after entering the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul on October 2nd
video and audio recordings from inside
the consulate reportedly show Khashoggi
she was beaten tortured and beheaded
with his fingers cut off and his body
dismembered or of the men implicated in
Khashoggi Xi's death are reportedly
linked to Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Sultan's security detail Mohammed bin
Salman security detail meanwhile there
are reports in the Turkish press that
one of the 15 men involved in Khashoggi
murder has died in a car accident in
Riyadh Saudi Arabia after weeks of
defending Saudi Arabia president Trump
Thursday said he believes Khashoggi is
dead and acknowledged allegations
against the Saudis it certainly looks
that way to me it's very sad
certainly it looks that way and I think
we'll be making a statement a very
strong statement but we're waiting for
the results of about three different
investigations that we should be able to
get to the bottom fairly soon what are
you
based on those well it'll have to be
very severe I mean it's it's bad bad
stuff but we'll see what happens the New
York Times reports Trump's son-in-law
senior adviser Jared Kushner has advised
Trump to defend the crown prince despite
mounting evidence against Saudi Arabia
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin said
Thursday he will not attend next week's
future investment initiative summit in
Riyadh the New York Times reports the
Saudis are now considering blaming a top
advisor to Mohammed bin Salman for
Khashoggi she's killing by claiming
General Ahmed Al Asiri killed Khashoggi
after the Crown Prince ordered him to
capture the journalists for an
interrogation allah Siri previously
served as the spokesman for the
us-backed saudi-led Coalition in Yemen
this comes as the United States received
a hundred million dollar payment from
Saudi Arabia Tuesday the same day
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met with
Mohammed bin Salman and his father King
Salman in Saudi Arabia one US official
said quote the timing of this is no
coincidence that meeting is remembered
for Mike Pompeo smiling and laughing
both with the crown prince and with his
father the king well for more we go to
London where we're joined by Amedeo Al
Rashid a Saudi dissident visiting
professor at the Middle East Centre at
the London School of Economics she was
stripped of her Saudi citizenship in
2005 for criticizing Saudi authorities
her new piece in The New York Times is
headlined why king salman must replace
MBS her edited collection titled Salma's
legacy the dilemmas of a new era in
Saudi Arabia was published earlier this
year we welcome you to Democracy Now
thank you so much for joining us
professor R Rashid why don't you begin
by responding to this latest news that
President Trump has acknowledged that
Jamel khashoggi is probably dead yes but
this is in line with the series of twe
and statements made by mr. Trump from
the very beginning on the 2nd of October
I think we are getting mixed messages
contradictory messages from the American
president over the hishaku affair so the
latest is that he's dead or probably
dead
but the investigation will actually lead
hopefully also to a clear resolution
because it's been more than two weeks
now
and we keep hearing leaks and news about
videos that are not made public about
the most of the sources come from
Turkish newspapers all from sources in
the Turkish investigation team and
therefore I think we really need to
concentrate on the context of all this
and how the United States is still not
wanting to make a break or maybe
acknowledge that the Saudi regime
whether it's Mohammed bin Salman or his
so-called rogue elements within the
regime are responsible for this but I
can't imagine how a journalist entering
the Saudi state disappears and this is
we have the video of that without
actually the fingers pointing to the
involvement of the Saudi regime and
possibly the top person in the Saudi
regime and that is Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman such a horrific crime if it
has been if it has happened inside the
embassy or the consulate
nobody could just take the initiative
and execute someone without orders from
above I think many in this country and
around the world are shocked that
President Trump and Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo continue to say we simply
await the Saudi investigation this is
the Saudi investigation of them
when the FBI was asked are they
investigating they said no there were no
orders to investigate so the US
government is waiting for those accused
to come up with their own investigation
and when crowd when Secretary of State
Pompeo on the tarmac in Riyadh after
visiting with the crown prince and the
and his father the King and with the
video shown of them laughing and smiling
together was asked what he learned he
said it wasn't a factual discussion well
it is bizarre it has never happened as
far as I know that the accused are
involved in the investigation but this
is how the inequality in this world
works it is an inequality between
countries that are wealthy that are
capable of transferring a hundred
million dollars to the US on the day of
the visit of its Secretary of State and
it is that money that actually leads us
to stagnate in the relationship with the
Saudi regime that continues to attack
basic human rights inside its country
but this act if it actually happened
inside the consulate in Istanbul is a
new phase that we are seeing in Saudi
Arabia but if the Saudi regime is
allowed to find a scapegoat or a cover
story that would absolve it from any
responsibility for the murder of Yama
Hari I would attribute that to the
purchasing power of the Saudi regime
rather than its integrity and the
integrity of its patrons theyyou United
States of America so talk about that
relationship talk about President Trump
and his son-in-law
Jared Kushner's relationship clearly
what is called bromance between Jared
Kushner
the crown prince some have talked about
the crown prince
you know Mohammed bin Salman and the
clown Prince Jared Kushner but why they
are so close although it shouldn't be
confused with the u.s. not supporting
Saudi Arabia for you had President Obama
visiting Saudi Arabia I believe
something like four times president
Trump's first foreign visit was to Saudi
Arabia where he did the famous orb event
and did the sword dance etc yes well
this is the history of this relationship
goes back to the softer the second world
war and the discovery of oil in Saudi
Arabia the United States did not have
any interest in Arabia at the time as it
was called until oil was discovered by
an American company and it is the oil
company that brought the US government
into Saudi Arabia rather than the other
way around so we have the oil we have
the money that needed to be protected
after the the signing of a contract for
further exploration of the possibility
of oil on the soil of Arabia so the
United States government was brought in
to protect the interest of the
corporation the oil company that
discovered the oil and started pumping
it and the United States found in Saudi
Arabia a strategic ally it had initially
a military base in the Eastern Province
of Saudi Arabia where oil was found and
that military base was used by the
United States as a place to stop on the
way to the Far East during the 1940s and
late 1950s so the oil was extremely
important and at that time Saudi oil was
important for the United States and the
rest of the world because at the moment
we find that the u.s. is less dependent
on Saudi oil and the justification for
this close partnership between Saudi
Arabia
and the United States from the US
perspective had always been that we need
Saudi Arabia because Saudi Arabia is the
force of stability in the Middle East
they use Saudi Arabia in the Cold War to
launch the jihad in Afghanistan with the
u.s. approval and support and Saudi
Arabia was actually conveying that and
actively participating in that jihad in
the 1980s but also there is this
strategy in addition to the economic
importance of Saudi Arabia the strategic
location of Saudi Arabia the importance
of Saudi Arabia to the rest of the
Muslim world in the Cold War Saudi
Arabia and specifically its religious
tradition that is known to everybody as
the wahhabi tradition was a very
convenient ideology to counter for
example anti imperialist ideologies in
the 1960s Arab nationalism and also
socialism so is Islamic fundamentalism
was promoted by Saudi Arabia in
cooperation with the United States as a
counter strategy to all those
threatening forces in the world at the
time from the perspective of both the US
and Saudi Arabia however when we come to
the present and we come to the election
of mr. Donald Trump Saudi Arabia as you
said of course it did receive President
Obama in Saudi Arabia and frankly
President Obama sold more weapons to
surgery than any other president but
there was one issue that they did not
agree on and that is the Iran nuclear
agreement which allowed Iran to be
rehabilitated into the international
community and accept the conditions of
the as they are the agreement to stop
its nuclear program and Saudi Arabia
felt threatened by that because it felt
that President Obama went behind it and
behind closed door and did not involve
them in the
in the agreement or the negotiation in
fact Saudi Arabia at the time wanted the
United States to bomb Iran together with
Israel and wanted to keep the momentum
of the rivalry and the and the
antagonism between the u.s. and Iran to
make sure that it has the it is the only
regional power that the US could rely on
in its relation with the rest of the
Arab world but this agreement went ahead
and the relationship went into some kind
of tension at the time until the
election of mr. Trump who wanted to turn
the page and reverse all these
agreements and he felt that there is an
opportunity money in Saudi Arabia and
Mohammed bin Salman was the the right
person to negotiate because I think they
both share some common characteristics
in the sense that they are born both
eclectic after money used a lot of media
and PR and also do not actually look at
the facts so what happened is that there
is a project at the moment that his
Mohammed bin Salman is critical for it's
it's it to happen and that is first of
all opening the Saudi economy to
international capital and also involving
American corporations even more in the
development of a kind of neoliberal
economy in Saudi Arabia but at the same
time there are the political issues
Saudi Arabia is enlisted in a new
project and in a new project to actually
reach some kind of agreement between the
Palestinians and Israel and from the
perspective of mr. Trump Saudi role is
extremely important so for example when
the American US Embassy moved to
Jerusalem and that was an agreement that
Saudi Arabia would not make a big fuss
and in fact it didn't make a big fuss so
there are economic issues industry
relationship strategic and also the
political aspects of that relation
should not be ignored however I think at
the moment Mohammed bin Salman and the
Saudi regime are increasingly becoming
an embarrassment and a burden on their
partners especially in the u.s. because
the world and the civil society human
rights organization are very vocal in
condemning the abuses that take place
inside Saudi Arabia and and therefore
public opinion is shifting and well and
and Americans should ask themselves this
question is America just an arm dealer
and a manufacturer of heavy armament to
be sold to dictatorships around the
world or is there something else that
America stands for
does it stand for democracy does it
start for human right does it stand for
a global order where individuals are
respected and are secure if if they are
journalists like Jamaa khashoggi are the
Saudi is going to get away with this
murder if it's proven that they are
responsible for it so in fact the the
hishaku affair is not only about Saudi
Arabia and it is unfortunate if the man
has disappeared and will never come back
but it is also about the so-called free
world and it's a test of its ability to
actually stand to its name as a free
world
so the undermining of the values of
human right and people shrugging them
off they are not even on the agenda it
is a very worrying world I think madawi
al-rasheed please stay with us we're
gonna break for 30 seconds
professor aarush Eid is a Saudi
dissident visiting professor at the
Middle East center at the London School
of Economics
she herself stripped of her Saudi
citizenship Oh over a decade ago for
criticizing Saudi authorities when we
come back President Trump himself well
when he was campaigning talked about his
financial links to Saudi Arabia stay
with us
you
