Rick Douglas this is democracy now I'm
Amy Goodman as we turn now to Yale
University law professor and writer
James Forman jr. he won the 2018
Pulitzer Prize for general nonfiction
for his book locking up our own crime
and punishment in black America the
Prize Committee praised the book for its
quote examination of the historical
roots of contemporary criminal justice
in the u.s. based on vast experience and
deep knowledge of the legal system and
its often devastating consequences for
citizens and communities of color
unquote James Forman is the son of the
civil rights activists James Forman
senior and constancio Romilly who met in
the 60s while organizing with snick the
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee James Forman senior was
executive secretary of snick from 1961
to 66 I began by asking James Forman jr.
to talk about his time working as a
public defender in Washington DC and one
of the clients he writes about in
locking up our own mr. Brandon was
15-year old client of mine and he had
been charged with and had pled guilty to
possession of marijuana and possession
of a gun and he was facing sentencing in
Washington DC Superior Court and I was
his lawyer and I had taken the job of
being a lawyer because I viewed it as a
civil rights issue of my generation I
viewed mass incarceration as the civil
rights issue of my generation and so I'm
there I'm defending him I'm asking for
him to be put on probation I have a
letter from a teacher and a counselor at
his school his mother and grandmother
were there in court they always came
they wanted him to come home and the
prosecutor in the case was asking for
him to be locked up she wanted to go to
a place called Oak Hill which is you
know all of the terrible juvenile
facilities we have you know Spofford
here in new york and around the country
it was one of those awful places a place
drugs violence a place where kids left
worse than when they entered all the
time and the judge that had to make the
decision in the case I changed his name
I call him Judge Walker in the in the
story but he's a real job
and he's an african-american judge and
he looks out at the courtroom getting
ready to impose sentence and he sees
Brandon a young black man the defense
lawyers african-american prosecutor
african-american the judge is
african-american and he gives him what
we called in my office the Martin Luther
King's Speech because I had heard it
before from the judge but this speech it
always changed a little bit but the
basic idea and what he said to Brandon
was son
you know mr. Foreman's been telling me
that you've had a tough life you deserve
a second chance well let me tell you
about tough let me tell you about Jim
Crow and he talked about how people
marched and fought and died for your
freedom he said son dr. King died for
your freedom and he didn't die for you
to be running and gunning and thuggin
and carrying on and embarrassing your
family carrying that gun so I hope one
day you turning around mr. Foreman says
you will but today in this courtroom
actions have consequences and your
consequence is Oak Hill and he locked
them up and I was so angry at the judge
because he had taken the same history
that motivated me to become a public
defender and he had somehow perverted it
and twisted it and used it as a
rationalization and he had done it
before for locking up for being harsh on
another young african-american man
and so that stat incident and there were
many others like it caused me to stop
and reflect and to cast the question
because the judge wasn't alone the City
Council that passed the gun and the drug
laws that Brandon was sentenced under
was a majority african-american city
council the mayor was black
the police hall chief was black the
police department in DC was and is
majority black the chief prosecutor was
and you mentioned it Eric Holder and
even with all that representation we
were doing the same thing we had the
same racial disparities in DC that they
had in the rest of the country and so I
started think to myself what's happened
in this country and what's happened with
our leadership and what's happened in
our community that we would be doing the
same thing and that's the question of
the book and before we get to the black
leadership I want to go to this issue of
okay of where he was going to be put
away and
what this would mean in his life I mean
if we're talking about rehabilitation if
we're talking about people being safer
both he and his family and everyone else
what does it mean for a 15 year old boy
to go to a place like this well I think
any juvenile facility that causes you to
be taken out of your home and put behind
bars institutionalize caged for a
teenager for a young person especially I
oppose it for adults as well but let's
talk about for teenagers is by
definition devastating right even the
best facilities even the most
rehabilitative most humane ones you are
and all the research shows that if you
take two similarly situated people and
you put one in this kind of environment
and you leave another in the community
that six months nine months a year out
the young person that's been left in the
community is going to be better off
they're going to be more likely to be
educated they're going to be more likely
to not commit additional crimes because
the trauma of I mean as a parent you
know my I mean my son is you know he's
he's nine he's six years younger when
he's 15 I know the trauma of what it
would mean for him to be taken out of
our home and put again even in a good
institution and this was not a good
institution this was an institution of
broken glass and barbed wires and
abusive guards and so it would have
meant that he would have been pushed
deeper and deeper into the criminal
justice system and he almost certainly
would have ended up becoming somebody
who's part of the adult system and you
even right when he would be released
let's say six months later he might not
even be allowed back into his high
school that's right one of the one of
the things that I saw and it was and I
did not know this when I became a public
defender until I started representing
clients so I would have clients who
would go to Oak Hill and then they would
come back six months later I had one
young man who
charged with homicide and he was held
for nine months and then all the charges
were dropped he had been it what he was
it would be he was falsely accused and
so now he comes back and I'm trying to
help him get re-enrolled in school so
that so we go to his home school where
he had been enrolled and the principal
says well he's been out for too long
he's missed too much time he's gonna
have to go to an alternative school he
didn't want to go to an alternative
school he wanted to go to his
neighborhood school and I thought by law
and by rights he was entitled so we get
sent down to the district office we get
shuttled from person to person floor to
floor we spend multiple days now remind
you this is he's with his lawyer right
he's with Ivy League educated trained
public defender imagine imagine a family
right that's not versed in the system
the intimidation eventually you're just
going to give up and go to this
substandard alternative school that
you're being referred to so we fought
and fought and fought and fought and
eventually got him back in his school
but that kind of thing happens routinely
and it's so under the radar you know
people don't see it people that aren't
in families like these are in
communities like these working as social
workers working as public defenders they
don't see the ways in which the system
these small ways but they're huge in
people's lives in which the system
abuses and degrades and demoralizes poor
people James Forman talked about Dante
Highsmith
sixteen-year-old boy he's charged with
armed robbery yeah yeah as Dante is
another one of my clients and so I met
Dante he had been arrested and he had
been charged and what happened was he
had gone - he had gone up to a man at a
bus stop and he had had a night he had a
knife in his pocket and he said to the
man give it up the man was at Dante and
the man we're african-american he says
give it up give it up or I'll I'll cut
you the man throws out $12 what he had
and runt Dante grabs it runs in the
opposite direction but he didn't get far
because somebody across the street had
seen what was going on had called a
store security officer gave chase caught
Dante called the police the police
arrive they find a knife on Dante they
find the 12 dollars on him exactly the
amount that man said he had tossed and
Dante
admits that he gives a confession and at
the end of which he says I'm please tell
the man I'm sorry
now I have his case Dante in fact was in
front of the same judge that had imposed
this prison sentence this six-month
period on Brandon and I knew this was
more serious right this wasn't just
possession of a weapon this was using it
Dante also had right and I want to stop
there and say that is what we typically
know about somebody right who's charged
with a crime when you read in the paper
yeah you know suspect caught you know
the facts of what they did and Dante did
those things he wasn't denying it he
couldn't deny it the evidence was
overwhelming but there's more right and
there's always more and so the part that
you don't learn I got to learn to
investigating and learning about his
family Dante's mom had been addicted to
drugs and she hadn't been able to raise
him he basically had grown up in the
streets there was a local gang that had
humiliated him first and then invited
him in they had told him that committing
this robbery was an initiation right
Dante had incredible talents with his
with his hands he was like a master
craftsman I I saw this would these
beautiful carvings he had done in his
apartment and so I wanted to try to get
him into an alternative program the
problem was and this is the way in which
I talk about his case he that's a
violent crime armed robbery is a violent
crime in all states in this country and
when I would call social programs in DC
and I pitched Dante to them they would
hear me out but then they would say at
the end what's he convicted of and I
would say armed robbery and they'd say
oh oh in a word diversion program where
a second chance program but we work with
violent offenders will take a low-level
drug case well we're not going to take
an armed robbery case and so I couldn't
get him into a program and he was
getting ready to go for sentencing and I
really had felt like I had no other good
options so I went to meet with the man
that he had robbed and I call him mr.
Thomas in the book and mr. Thomas
answered the door he let me in which is
surprising a lot of times you know we
get turned away when we say we're
representing the person who's charged
with the crime but he heard me out and I
told him the whole story and at the end
I asked him if he would go along with an
alternative program Dante's mom had
actually found a little upstart program
run out of a church a storefront Church
in Southeast DC didn't even have let her
head but there was a pastor was willing
to take him and the man said he would
think about it he would consider that
request and there were - a couple weeks
passed before the sentencing hearing and
when I get to the sentencing hearing the
man is sitting out in the hallway
mr. Thomas and I walk up to him and he
thrusts out these pieces of paper it
made two pieces of paper and one was
Dante's confession where he had
apologized and another was Dante's
letter of apology that he had written
with me and the man said you know mr.
Foreman you asked me to forgive your
client that day when you came to see me
and he said I can't do that I just can't
he said but I am trying and I can go
along with the program and we were
hustled into court the prosecutor was
furious the judge was surprised but with
the victim of the crime saying he agreed
he did put Dante into that alternative
program and the reason why I feel like
that story is so important is that there
are all of these there's a category of
offenders that we write off in law
people that are charged with violent
crimes and armed robbery is the most
common violent crime in our criminal
system is robbery is the most
predominant of all the you know when you
say violent crime a lot of times people
you know the first thing that comes to
mind is you know serial rapist or
murderer but the category of violent
crime that the law uses is much much
broader and so I really want to push
back against this idea that we're going
to transform our criminal justice system
sin
by talking about nonviolent drug
offenses I think we have to have an open
mind towards a much broader category of
cases cases like Dante's James Forman
jr. author of the Pulitzer prize-winning
book locking up our own crime and
punishment in America we'll be back with
him after break
remember days of breath
do you remember love slavery
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we continue our
conversation with James Forman jr.
author of the Pulitzer prize-winning
book locking up our own crime and
punishment in black America you divide
your book into two parts origins and
consequences and you particularly look
when it comes to gun control in
marijuana at the black community and
what the legislation around it has meant
right yes so I mean I think the first
chapter of the book is about marijuana
decriminalization because one of the
things I found and the other great
things about writing the book was that
the history that I discovered I knew
almost none of it when I started
researching so in 1975 in Washington DC
a majority african-american City Council
is elected it's the first homerooms home
rule City Council it doesn't have enough
autonomy DC local politics still doesn't
have enough autonomy but they do have
some power and one of the things that's
within their power is to decide whether
to decriminalize marijuana or not and I
didn't know that there was a movement to
decriminalize marijuana in the 1970s I'm
a criminal law professor but I didn't
know that but there was one and DC was
part of it and the proponent actually of
the decriminalization was one of the two
white members of the City Council 11 out
of 13 african-american to white members
a guy named David Clarke fascinating
biography went to Howard law school work
with Martin Luther King becomes a City
Council member and he pushes for
decriminalization the opposition
overwhelmingly came from
african-american city council members
church leaders black church leaders and
a black nationalist city council member
by the name of Doug Moore but what I
thought was so fascinating was not just
that they opposed it but why so part of
the opposition was a piece of history
that we've mostly forgotten now but was
the heroine years of the 1960's in this
country which really was focused on in
devastated black communities
so in in the homicide rate in this
country doubled in the 1960s it tripled
in DC heroin use exploded they test
everyone entering the DC jail for heroin
and in 1963 4% of the people were
addicts and by the end of the decade it
was 45% and there was an incredible fear
in the black community at the time that
allowing the legalization of marijuana
would be a gateway to then the use of
heroin and because people had seen how
devastating heroin was Jackie Robinson
the baseball great he went around to
black churches and civic groups in the
early 1970s and said don't decriminalize
marijuana don't get on board with this
because my son Jackie jr. was a heroin
addict and he started with marijuana and
Jackie Robinson is a powerful voice
especially at the time right these are
people who you know this is 15 years
after he broke the color barrier and so
what one of the things I'm trying to do
in the book is I'm trying to show some
of the complexity of the origins of some
of these wars on crime and it doesn't
mean and in showing the complexity in no
way move away from my staunch fierce
criticism and condemnation of the impact
that they've had but I think that the
the marijuana story helps you to see the
way in which a community was and leaders
were really struggling with a real
legitimate issue which was rising crime
and addiction and how that then turned
them against marijuana legalization
interestingly John Boehner the former
Speaker of the House until 2015 has
joined the cannabis Corporation acreage
holdings he says my thinking on cannabis
has evolved he was the Republican
Speaker of the House the reason I'm
shaking my head and in frustration is
that it's one of the things that's
happened in marijuana politics in recent
years that's incredibly frustrating to
you know African Americans in particular
is watching people who really led the
harsh condemnation of the drug
and some of the harsh penalties
associated with it and weren't motivated
in the same well I'm talking about these
african-american City Council members
that were wanted to save the black
community and so we're worried about
marijuana decriminalization that was a
john boehner 'he's motivation for being
a tough on crime politician in the 1980s
right so we do have to and I think it's
important to make clear that in my book
I'm talking about a piece of the story
right I'm talking about some of the
complicated politics that take place
within black communities but there's a
whole nother piece of the story right
and you which you've covered on this
show with writers like Michelle
Alexander and the Jim Crow and Bryan
Stevenson just mercy Tallahassee Coates
between the world and me there's another
really powerful piece of this story that
talks about the way politicians use
crime as a way to talk about race and
exploit voters fears and I view my work
as sitting alongside those as adding
tune complimenting those understandings
and Boehner would fit right to
understand where Boehner is coming from
you need to read books like those and
you'll get a clear conception of that
mode of politician so for him to now
when there's a profit motivated motive
available to turn around and not by the
way not apologize right not I would even
be okay with it if he were to turn
around and say you know what I'm sorry
for the role that I played and I'm now
going to actively work to seal records
of anybody who has a mayor all black and
brown and poor people that have
marijuana convictions from those days
I'm gonna work to get those records
seals because a lot of states are doing
that but I'm gonna work to hire black
and brown entrepreneurs so that they
themselves can get into the business now
that it's legalized if he were a company
the money that he's gonna make with
those kinds with an apology and that
kind of reparation I'd be ok I'd say ok
you know people change over time and I'm
willing to accept that but when you're
