this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
we spent today's show in Singapore where
President Trump and North Korean leader
Kim jong-un have wrapped up an historic
summit pledging to work toward complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
in addition President Trump announced
the end of us South Korean War Games the
summit marked the first ever meeting
between a sitting US president and a
North Korean leader it came just weeks
after another historic meeting between
Kim and South Korean leader moon jae-in
where they agreed to work to formally
end the Korean War the u.s. North Korean
summit began with President Trump and
can publicly shaking hands they then met
privately for less than an hour with
only them and their two translators this
was followed by a large meeting with top
aides at the conclusion of the summit
President Trump and President Kim spoke
briefly to the press while signing a
joint statement so we're signing a very
important document a pretty
comprehensive document and we've had a
really great term together a great
relationship would you like to say no to
the test
[Music]
mother our young we accept agreement
women ha get anything we have a historic
meeting and decided to leave the past
behind and we are about to sign the
historic documents the world will see a
major change or volatile needn't a
little weasel go Gators in trouble that
way again our life express my gratitude
to President front to make this meeting
happen thank you thank you very much
[Music]
thank you very much it's fantastic
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you very much everybody we'll see
you a little bit later and we're very
proud of what took place today I think
our whole relationship with North Korea
and the Korean Peninsula is it's going
to be a very much different situation
that it has in the past we both want to
do something we both are going to do
something and we have developed a very
special bond so people are going to be
very impressed people are going to be
very happy and we're going to take care
of a very big and very dangerous problem
for the world and I want to thank
chairman Kim spent a lot of time
together today very intensive time and I
would actually say that it worked out
for both of us far better than anybody
could have expected I think far better I
watched the various news reports I would
say far better than anybody even
predicted and this is going to lead to
more and more and more and it's an honor
to be with you very great honor thank
you thank you to all of your
representatives very much thank you very
much everybody thank you
hours later President Trump held a a
press conference that lasted over an
hour during which he announced the US
would end what he described as
provocative war games off the coast of
North Korea at some point I have to be
honest and I've used to say this during
my campaign is you know probably better
than most I want to get our soldiers out
I want to bring our soldiers back home
we have right now 32,000 soldiers in
South Korea and I'd like to be able to
bring them back home but that's not part
of the equation right now at some point
I hope it will be but not right now we
will be stopping the war games which
will save us a tremendous amount of
money unless and until we see that the
future negotiation is not going along
like it should but we'll be saving a
tremendous amount of money plus I think
it's very provocative we'll spend the
hour on the historic summit we begin in
Singapore where we're joined by Tim
Chirac who's been covering the summit
for the Nation magazine
Tim grew up in Tokyo and Seoul has been
writing about the u.s. role in Korea
since the late 1970s well Tim this is
the end of an historic day talk about
the highlights what you were most
surprised by the significance of what
has just taken place
well it was a pretty amazing day I think
the most significant thing I heard I
just actually returned about an hour ago
from I was at that press press
conference with President Trump it's the
first time I've seen him in action alive
and it's the longest press conference I
think he's given in his entire
presidency he was exuberant he was
buoyant he was enthusiastic he was
cracking jokes he seemed I'm really you
know very very pleased with himself
the most surprising thing I heard was
when he said you know we're gonna end
the war games and that had not been
previously announced yesterday here in
Singapore Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
had said that the u.s. was ready to give
what he said very unique guarantees
security guarantees to North Korea and
no one was really sure what he meant but
I think it's clear what they meant was
the ending of these war games which may
have even stunned South Korea because
I'm not clear exactly how much he
consulted with president moon jae-in on
this that was one thing I was very
surprised by and and I think that's
actually quite a stunning development
and overall the agreements you know very
very positive a lot of people have noted
that it's you know a little bit vague
and in terms of really spelling out how
what denuclearization means and how the
steps North Korea will take you know to
denuclearize but president Trump seems
pretty confident that that's the way
they're moving another part of the the
agreement that I thought was very
important was the fact that they're
gonna resume North Korea's going to
allow US military to resume searching
for you know American soldiers that were
killed and missing in North Korea the
these for a long time you know until
about 10 or 15 years ago the the
Pentagon was doing this in North Korea
and working with the North Korean
government and searching for remains and
now this is going to start again and one
of the things that's significant about
it is that it actually puts you know US
military personnel in North Korea and so
you know that's that's a real change in
the relationship and the entire way that
President Trump talked about the
jong-un was just you know was just
stunning and I think it really you know
took that crowd of reporters especially
all these Hot Shot like White House
reporters you know quite by surprise
and you know the the feeling of
friendliness he had toward Kim jong-un
and the fact that you know Kim jong-un
greeted him in English this morning and
you know spoke kindly to him and greeted
him but but it clearly looks like you
know they're they're kind of moving to a
whole new situation between the u.s. and
North Korea and and you know I think the
you know the North Korea has been saying
for years and you know years and
especially over the last year they
wanted the u.s. to end its hostile
policy and these military exercises were
clearly you know a key part of this
hostile policy and so removing that
seems very important and the fact that
Kim Jong Hwan you know committed himself
to this on paper with the president
United States you know seems quite
significant even though that the
agreement is you know it's kind of vague
and some of the specifics about how
they're gonna go about these steps
Tim I'm wondering if you could talk a
little bit more about these war games
because the reality is that the indium
in the US press they get very little
attention but they are regular features
of life around the Korean Peninsula and
and also they have always been raised by
North Korea as a signal of the threat
from the United States that they face
and a reason for them building up their
nuclear arsenal as well well that's
right and you know they've been going on
for a long time they did they did the
u.s. did suspend them for a while during
the 90s well you know the negotiations
were going on with President Clinton on
the earlier nuclear agreement but you
know in the past few years these
exercises have really increased in size
and tempo and you know 2017 last year
when all when all the tension was
increasing in the United States and
South Korea held two series of exercises
and in both of them they practice things
like you know the the the sort of regime
change
exercises really they call them you know
decapitation strikes where they actually
practice going into North Korea and
killing off the leadership so of course
that was seen as a big threat to North
Korea but you know these are you know
last year especially these are massive I
mean involving aircraft carriers
nuclear-powered aircraft carriers
nuclear-armed aircraft carriers nuclear
submarines you know planes b-52s but
over the you know over the past six
months as these talks as the diplomacy
has been going on they did scale back
the last series of exercises although
what really got these talks sort of
jump-started in terms of Trump and Kim
was North Korea's objection to certain
strategic bombers being used by the
United States and the last series of
exercises a few weeks ago namely b-52
bombers that carry nuclear weapons and
North Korea you know got very upset
about it and you know canceled their
talks temporarily with South Korea over
those those strategic bombers and then
the u.s. back down and and you know said
okay we're not going to use them so you
know these this is quite a step and Tim
let's go to president Trump and this
news conference said he just held about
an hour before this broadcast the first
extended press conference he's held in
over a year speaking precisely about
those planes we've done exercises for a
long period of time working with South
Korea and we call them wargames and I
call them wargames and they're
tremendously expensive the amount of
money that we spend on that is
incredible and South Korea contributes
but not a hundred percent which is
certainly a subject that we have to talk
to them about also and that has to do
with the military expense and also the
trade so we're doing that we actually
have a new deal with South Korea terms
of the trade deal but we have to talk to
them we have to talk to many countries
about treating us fairly but the war
games are very expensive we pay for a
big majority of them we fly in bombers
from Guam
I said it when I first heard it I said
whether the bombers come from Guam
nearby I said oh great nearby
where's nearby six and a half hours six
and a half hours it's a long time for
these big massive planes to be flying to
South Korea to practice and then drop
bombs all over the place and then go
back to Guam I know a lot about
airplanes it's very expensive and and I
didn't like it and what I what I did say
is and I think it's very provocative I
have to tell you Jennifer it's a very
provocative situation one when I see
that and you have a country right next
door so under the circumstances that
we're negotiating a very comprehensive
complete deal I think it's inappropriate
to be having war games so number one we
saved money a lot and number two it
really is something that I think they
very much appreciate it that's President
Trump speaking at his news conference
against a backdrop of the logo of the
summit which is a combination in a
circle of the American and North Korean
flags Tim I wanted to ask you about the
statement that they signed that the two
leaders signed that basically had four
general points about committing to
establishing new relationships between
the United States and the Democratic
People's Republic of North Korea and
building a stable lasting peace but one
of the one of the state one of the
principles is reaffirming the April 27
2008 een pan-ma ohm declaration which is
really came out of the meeting of the
South Korean leader and the North Korean
leader back on April 28th so this is
really basically reaffirming what has
already been negotiated which is working
toward an end to the Korean War that's
right and I thought that was actually
significant because it does put the two
Koreas back you know in the middle of
this of the middle of any agreement and
of course that Panmunjom declaration did
say you know ending the war ending the
hostility and taking steps say in the
hostilities and then of course expanding
it
to make a peace treaty ending formally
ending the war which would have to
include China the United States now I
was a little surprised that you know
they didn't actually say they were gonna
you know have a peace treaty or
announced the end of the Korean War as
some people as in as actually Trump and
led people to anticipate but I think
it's very important that this this is
included and I also want to say again
you know back in terms of the exercises
that his term a use of the term
provocative I almost fell out of my
chair when I heard him say that because
I mean you know for those of us who've
been critical of these military
exercises you know we call them
provocative too and you know I know
people have been you know you know sort
of attacked red baited just for saying
that so you know he's taken you know
quite a bold step here Mazon clear to me
exactly you know what role the South
Korean government played in this and how
much they were actually consulted and
you know I do think that you know just
just talking to some of the Korean
reporters I was sitting with it the
press conference said there's probably a
possibility that this agreement is going
to be very much criticized by especially
in the South Korea by the right which is
not very big but it's very vocal maybe
you know 20 percent or so the voting
population but you know the parties are
there and they've been very critical of
course at the pond when John Declaration
they don't like it they don't like
really making peace with North Korea and
I think that this idea of ending the war
exercises for them is going to be very
very troublesome and it's going to be an
issue for for a moon jae-in as well
because he's been under attack from the
right wing in South Korea and I think
it's a huge opening for critics of Trump
here both from the liberal side and from
the conservative side you know we saw
last week the Democratic the Senate
Democrats put out this letter saying
that unless North Korea did show that it
was you know moving solidly toward
denuclearization verifiable you're
reversible and so on that they would
oppose the agreement and so I think
we're gonna see opposition from some dem
some Senate Democrat
on this and probably you know other
people in Congress and there's a lot of
liberals that are really don't really
like the way this panned out in terms of
like you know they think that Trump is
maybe a banding in another ally and that
kind of thing so I think there's a lot
to be understood you know how this came
out and how this was worked out if it
was with South Korea I mean this is an
important point in in a moment we're
going to be going to ROH Khanna
congressmen talking about Democratic
opposition to the summit which is a very
interesting flip right now and before we
lose you on the satellite Tim this
statement that has been signed talk
about the atmosphere in the room of the
news conference as you were saying the
elite reporters they're having so many
questions about what do you mean the war
games will be cancelled but also overall
does this statement represent something
new has something like this been signed
before something like this has been
signed before yes and some of the
languages is very similar to past past
agreements not only the 94 agreement but
agreements that happened after that but
the difference is you had the two
leaders meeting I mean obviously this
was an unprecedented meeting between the
president ID States and the chairman of
North Korea the leader of North Korea so
you know that you've never had a
document where you know the top leaders
of the country signed so that makes it
you know how much a much stronger
agreement you know but as for the press
I mean they were actually you know half
the questions at the press conference
are about the issue of you know Human
Rights this has become you know a big
concern for a lot of people you know why
didn't they raise it and this kind of
thing they seem to think that you know
human rights should be raised first and
we can see this you know and some in the
New York Times today you know as lots
about they had op-eds about this and so
I think he's going to be really
criticized from from the Democrat Party
as well as some Republicans for not you
know going after kim jung-han on human
rights but you know I think that that
clearly you know ending war and bringing
peace is gonna be good for human rights
and I think that would be my response if
I was asked about it but I think that
there's going to be a lot of political
minefields here here in the US in this
and I expect to see you know a fair
amount of a fair amount of opposition
and a lot of criticism we Tim we want to
thank you for being with us directly
from the news conference speaking to us
from Singapore where this historic
summit has just taken place
you
