this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman the Republican led
Senate Judiciary Committee is moving
ahead with plans to vote on the
confirmation of bread Cavanaugh today as
a Supreme Court justice
this comes after an extraordinary day of
testimony from Cavanaugh and dr.
Christine Blasi Ford the California
psychologists who testified she was 100%
positive that it was Cavanaugh who
attempted to rape her at a high school
party in 1982 during the hearing
Cavanaugh said he was innocent and
claimed he was the victim of a left-wing
plot of quote revenge on behalf of the
Clintons unquote Republicans are hoping
to push ahead with a full vote in the
Senate this weekend or early next week
even though the FBI has not investigated
the allegations of dr. Blasi Ford or
other women who have accused Kavanaugh
of sexual assault or misconduct in a
major development the American Bar
Association has called on the Senate
Judiciary Committee to halt the
Cavanaugh confirmation process until an
FBI investigation is completed in a
letter to the committee the ABA said
quote we make this request because of
ABA is respect for the rule of law and
due process under law the ABA had
previously given Kavanagh its highest
rating of unanimous well-qualified for
the Supreme Court meanwhile editors of
America magazine the National weekly
published by the jesuits of the United
States called for Cavanaugh's nomination
to be withdrawn Georgetown Prep that's
Georgetown preparatory school where
Cavanaugh was a student when he
allegedly assaulted Blasi Ford is a
Jesuit High School
just as Thursday's hearing gavel to a
close president Trump took to Twitter to
demand an immediate Senate vote on
Cavanaugh's nomination tweeting judge
Cavanaugh showed America exactly why I
nominated him his testimony was powerful
honest and riveting unquote well today
we bring you excerpts from Thursday's
historic hearing we begin with dr.
Christine Blasi Ford the nation hears
her for the first time in her own words
I am here today not because I want to be
I am terrified I am here because I
believe it is my civic duty to tell you
what happened to me
while Brett Cavanaugh and I were in high
school I've described the events
publicly before I summarized them in my
letter to ranking member Feinstein and
again in a letter to chairman Grassley I
understand and appreciate the importance
of your hearing from me directly about
what happened to me and the impact that
it has had on my life and on my family I
grew up in the suburbs of Washington DC
I attended the Holton Arm School in
Bethesda Maryland from 1978 to 1984
Holton Arms is an all-girls school that
opened in 1901 during my time at the
school girls at Holton Arms frequently
met and became friendly with boys from
all-boys schools in the area including
the landed school Georgetown Prep
Gonzaga High School as well as our
country clubs and other places where
kids and families socialized this is how
I met Brett Kavanaugh the boy who
sexually assaulted me during my freshman
and sophomore school years when I was 14
and 15 years old my group of friends
intersected with Brett and his friends
for a short period of time I had been
friendly with a classmate of Brett's for
a short time during my freshman and
sophomore year and it was through that
connection that I attended a number of
parties that Brett also attended we did
not know each other well but I knew him
and he knew me in the summer of 1982
like most summers I spent most every day
at the Columbia Country Club in Chevy
Chase Maryland swimming and practicing
diving one evening that summer after a
day of diving at the club I attended a
small gathering at a house in the
Bethesda area there were four boys I
remember specifically being at the house
Brett Kavanaugh mark judge a boy named
PJ
and one other boy whose name I cannot
recall I also remember my friend Leland
attending I do not remember all of the
details of how that gathering came
together but like many that summer it
was almost surely a spur-of-the-moment
gathering I truly wish I could be more
helpful with more detailed answers to
all of the questions that have and will
be asked about how I got to the party
and where it took place and so forth I
don't have all the answers and I don't
remember as much as I would like to but
the details that about that night that
bring me here today are the ones I will
never forget they have been seared into
my memory and have haunted me
episodically as an adult when I got to
the small gathering people were drinking
beer in a small living room family room
type area on the first floor of the
house I drank one beer Brett and Mark
were visibly drunk early in the evening
I went up a very narrow set of stairs
leading from the living room to a second
floor to use the restroom when I got to
the top of the stairs I was pushed from
behind into a bedroom across from the
bathroom I couldn't see who pushed me
Brett and Mark came into the bedroom and
locked the door behind them there was
music playing in the bedroom it was
turned up louder by either Brett or mark
once we were in the room I was pushed
onto the bed and Brett got on top of me
he began running his hands over my body
and grinding into me
I yelled hoping that someone downstairs
might hear me and I tried to get away
from him but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me
I tried to yell for help when I did
Brett put his hand over my mouth to stop
me from yelling this is what terrified
me the most and has had the most lasting
impact on my life it was hard for me to
breathe
and I thought that Brett was
accidentally going to kill me
both Brett and Mark were drunkenly
laughing during the attack they seemed
to be having a very good time
mark seemed ambivalent at times urging
Brett on and at times telling him to
stop a couple of times I made eye
contact with Mark and thought he might
try to help me but he did not
during this assault mark came over and
jumped on the bed twice while Brett was
on top of me and the last time that he
did this we toppled over and Brett was
no longer on top of me I was able to get
up and run out of the room directly
across from the bedroom was a small
bathroom I ran inside the bathroom and
locked the door I waited until I heard
Brett and Mark leave the bedroom
laughing and loudly walked down the
narrow stairway pinballing off the walls
on the way down I waited and when I did
not hear them come back up the stairs I
left the bathroom went down the same
stairwell through the living room and
left the house I remember being on the
street and feeling this enormous sense
of relief that I had escaped that house
and that Brett and Mark were not coming
outside after me
Brett's assault on me dropped
drastically altered my life for a very
long time I was too afraid and ashamed
to tell anyone these details I did not
want to tell my parents that I at age 15
was in a house without any parents
present drinking beer with boys I
convinced myself that because Brett did
not rape me
just move on and just pretend that it
didn't happen over the years I told very
very few friends that I had this
traumatic experience I told my husband
before we were married
that I had experienced a sexual assault
I had never told the details to anyone
the specific details until May 2012
during a couples counseling session
the reason this came up in counseling is
that my husband and I had completed a
very extensive very long remodel of our
home and I insisted on a second front
door an idea that he and others
disagreed with and could not understand
in explaining why I wanted a second
front door I began to describe the
assault in detail I recall saying that
the boy who assaulted me could someday
be on the US Supreme Court and spoke a
bit about his background at an elitist
all-boys School in Bethesda Maryland my
husband recalls that I named my attacker
as Brett Kavanaugh
after that May 2012 therapy session I
did my best to ignore the memories of
the assault because we're counting them
caused me to relive the experience and
caused panic and anxiety occasionally I
would discuss the assault in an
individual therapy session but talking
about it caused more reliving of the
trauma so I tried not to think about it
or discuss it but over the years I went
through periods where I thought about
the attack I confided in some close
friends that I had had an experience
with sexual assault occasionally I
stated that my assailant was a prominent
lawyer or judge but I did not use his
name I do not recall each person I spoke
to about Brett's assault and some
friends have reminded me of these
conversations since the publication of
the Washington Post story on September
16th 2018
but until July 2018
I had never named mr. Kavanagh as my
attacker outside of therapy this changed
in early July 2018
I saw Press report stating that Brett
Kavanaugh was on the short list of a
list of very well qualified Supreme
Court nominees I thought it was my civic
duty to relay the information I had
about mr. Cavanaugh s conduct so that
those considering his nomination would
know about this assault on July 6th I
had a sense of urgency to relay the
information to the Senate and the
president as soon as possible before a
nominee was selected I did not know how
specifically to do this I called my
congressional representative and let her
receptionist know that someone on the
president's shortlist had attacked me I
also sent a message to the encrypted
Washington Post confidential tip line I
did not use my name but I provided the
names of Brett Kavanaugh and Mark judge
I stated that mr. Cavanaugh had
assaulted me in the 1980s in Maryland
this was an extremely hard thing for me
to do but I felt that I couldn't not do
it over the next two days I told a
couple of close friends on the beach in
Aptos California that mr. Cavanaugh had
sexually assaulted me
I was very conflicted as to whether to
speak out on July 9th
I received a return phone call from the
office of congresswoman Anna Eshoo after
mr. Kavanaugh had become the nominee I
met with her staff on July 18th and with
her on July 20th describing the assault
and discussing my fears about coming
forward later we discussed the
possibility of sending a letter to
ranking member Feinstein who is one of
my state senators describing what
occurred my understanding is that
representative su
office delivered a copy of my letter to
senator Feinstein's office on July 30th
the letter included my name but also a
request that it be kept confidential my
hope was that providing the information
confidentially would be sufficient to
allow the Senate to consider mr.
Kavanagh as serious misconduct without
having to make myself my family or
anyone's family vulnerable to the
personal attacks and invasions of
privacy that we have faced since my name
became public in a letter dated August
31st senator Feinstein wrote that she
would not share the letter without my
explicit consent and I appreciated this
commitment sexual assault victims should
be able to decide for themselves
when and whether their private
experience has made public
as the hearing date got closer I
struggled with a terrible choice do I
share the facts with the Senate and put
myself and my family in the public
spotlight or do I preserve our privacy
and allow the Senate to make its
decision without knowing the full truth
of his past behaviors I agonized daily
with this decision throughout August and
September 7 2018 the sense of duty that
originally moded me motivated me to
reach out confidentially to the
Washington Post and to Anna issues
office when there was still a list of
extremely qualified candidates and to
senator Feinstein was always there but
my fears of the consequences of speaking
out started to exponentially increase
during August 2018 the Press reported
that mr. Cavanaugh's confirmation was
virtually certain persons painted him as
a champion of women's rights and
empowerment and I believed that if I
came forward my single voice would be
drowned out by a chorus of powerful
supporters by the time of the
confirmation hearings
I had resigned myself to remaining quiet
and letting the committee in the Senate
make their decision without knowing what
mr. Kavanagh had done to me once the
press started reporting on the existence
of the letter I had sent to senator
Feinstein I faced mounting pressure
reporters appeared at my home and at my
workplace demanding information about
the letter in the presence of my
graduate students they called my bosses
and co-workers and left me many messages
making it clear that my name would
inevitably be released to the media I
decided to speak out publicly to a
journalist who had originally responded
to the tip I had sent to the Washington
Post and who had gained my trust it was
important for me to describe the details
of the assault in my own words since
September 16th the date of the
Washington Post story I have experienced
an outpouring of support from people in
every state of this country thousands
and thousands of people who have had
their lives dramatically altered by
sexual violence have reached out to
share their experience and have thanked
me for coming forward we have received
herman the support from our friends and
our community at the same time my
greatest fears have been realized and
the reality has been far worse than what
i expected my family and i have been the
target of constant harassment and death
threats and i've been called the most
vile and hateful names imaginable these
messages well far fewer than the
expressions of support have been
terrifying and have rocked me to my core
people have posted my personal
information and that of my parents
online on the internet this has resulted
in additional emails calls and threats
my family and i were forced to move out
of our home since september 16th
my family and i have been visiting in
various secure locales at time separated
in that time
together with the help of security
guards this past Tuesday evening my work
email was hacked and messages were sent
out trying to recant Myra scription of
the sexual assault apart from the
assault itself these past couple of
weeks have been the hardest of my life
I've had to relive this trauma in front
of the world and I've seen my life
picked apart by people on television on
Twitter other social media other media
and in this body who have never met me
or spoken with me I have been accused of
acting out of partisan political motives
those who say that do not know me I am
an independent person and I am no one's
pawn my motivation and coming forward
was to be helpful and to provide facts
about how mr. Kavanagh has actions have
damaged my life so that you could take
into a serious consideration as you make
your decision about how to proceed it is
not my responsibility to determine
whether mr. Kavanagh deserves to sit on
the Supreme Court my responsibility is
to tell you the truth I understand that
a professional prosecutor has been hired
to ask me questions and I'm committed to
doing my very best to answer them I have
never been questioned by a prosecutor
and I will do my best at the same time
because the committee members will be
judging my credibility I do hope to be
able to engage directly with each of you
that's the opening statement from dr.
Christine Blasi Ford who testified in
Thursday's historic Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing she would later say in
questioning she was 100% positive
it was Brett Kavanaugh president Trump's
Supreme Court nominee who attempted to
rape her in 1982 when she was 15 when we
come back we'll hear part of Brett
Cavanaugh's opening response
you
