this is democracy now I meani Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh we turn now to look
at how a limousine crash that killed 20
people Saturday in upstate New York is
linked to a man who is an FBI informant
long accused of lying to the government
and getting away with it the crash in
the town of Schoharie was the deadliest
u.s. transportation disaster since 2009
the limousine had failed an inspection
last month and was not licensed to be on
the road the New York Times reports that
shortly before the crash
one of the victims sent a text message
to a friend saying she was worried about
the limos condition it has since been
revealed the company that owned the car
had a record of repeated safety
violations earlier this year it was
issued written violations after vehicle
inspections by the New York State Police
and the Department of Transportation on
Wednesday state officials arrested the
operator of prestige limousine chauffer
service and charged him with criminally
negligent homicide he is Nam on Hassan
the son of a Pakistani immigrant named
Malik Shah Hassan who is the company's
owner and also an FBI informant in 2001
Malik Shah had Hussein was arrested for
helping people cheat on driver's license
tests in exchange for avoiding
deportation he took a job as an FBI
confidential informant posing as a
radical arms dealer an FBI sting
operations Hussein was a key figure in
the FBI's case against the so called
Newburgh 4 for black Muslim men
sentenced to twenty five year prison
terms after they were convicted for
placing what they thought were bombs in
New York synagogue in 2010 defense
attorneys say the men were entrapped by
Hussein we turn now to a Pittsburgh man
who is entrapped by Hussein his name is
Khalifa Akili he just finished serving
nearly eight years in federal prison and
was released September 25th in a moment
we're going to speak to him directly
he's in a halfway house but first we
want to turn to a clip from the
documentary terror that's T in
parentheses and the word error terror
where Khalifa
keely describes how hussein then working
as an FBI informant in pittsburgh under
the name of muhammad tried to recruit
him for a terror plot it was so clear
that i didn't want to meet these guys
like seriously like I literally made up
excuse after excuse after excuse the
next morning walked up here to the
corner and that's when you know
quote-unquote Mohammed came from around
the corner it's you know just appeared
out of nowhere you know he had his hotel
downtown Pittsburgh and yet he was here
in Wilkinsburg at 9:30 in the morning
without no car no vehicle he just so
happened to have that card for my mother
on him I reluctantly agreed to go to
McDonald's and you know have some coffee
with him
the morning that uh we all came in here
we actually sat at this this first booth
right here and that's whenever he began
to talk about his people being involved
in Jihad and whatnot and fighting him
Khalifa Alec le joins us now on the
telephone from Pittsburgh Khalifa
welcome to Democracy Now congratulations
on getting out of prison after almost
eight years when you heard about this
news of the worst US traffic accident in
almost a decade and that the limousine
that was used that was illegally on the
road was owned by the FBI informant who
led to your imprisonment can you talk
about your response and exactly who shot
Hussein is yeah good morning Amy I was
completely devastated by this news the
fact that this man is allowed continued
to live upon you know citizens
and-and-and to be out here when this guy
is he's a rodent you know he's a liar
and he's a thief he's a criminal he's a
scam artist and he's a danger to society
and and the fact that this took place
and more than likely that the money that
was used to to build this company was
money that was paid to him by our
government I mean this is ridiculous
because of because he's an asset to our
government and he's bringing him
manufactured cases of terrorism this is
why he's allowed to continue to stay in
this country and to flourish and to run
these illegal businesses in which he's
constantly cutting corners and and and
it's it's just sad 20 people died as a
result of this guy's negligence I mean
this is sick Kumiko talk about how you
met Hussein yeah I met him to the other
informant that was involved in the case
Sharif he told me one day said hey man
my brother's coming in from out of town
and I really want you to meet him he's a
real
forceful guy you know and I think you
guys will get a long deal with the
relate and so that's how the initial
introduction was made I only met this
guy once or twice on two different
occasions and you know I didn't want to
meet him from the very beginning but I
already knew that he was an informant I
knew that he was trying to entrap me and
but he was very aggressive and trying to
pursue me and and and to sit down with
me to talk with me and it's this sad man
to hear this news you know it really is
can you talk about where you're speaking
to us from and how his actions led to
your imprisonment yeah sure I'm speaking
from Pittsburgh I'm in a halfway house
right now I'm just focused on trying to
you know my transition back into society
to reunite with my family and and this
guy's actions have led to my
imprisonment because of his attempts to
entrap me and then after I publicly
expose them then the government came in
with a two-year-old picture of me and
some friends haven't having fun at a gun
range and used that to indict me and
give me a rack of years in federal
prison and yet this guy is responsible
for directly or indirectly for the the
homicide of 20 people and he's not going
to do a day in jail how did you figure
out he was an FBI informant yeah I knew
because I knew this sharif was an FBI
informant so the fact that this guy was
introducing me to another guy I just I
knew immediately well Khalif I don't
want you to get in trouble you're at a
halfway house and I know you have to get
off the air and half past the hour so I
want to thank you very much for joining
us Khalifa Alec Ely joining us talking
about how he was entrapped by Malik
jihad Hussain who is the man who owns
the prestige limousine service the
limousine that was illegally on the road
a number of his cars had failed
inspection and yet this limousine
carried 20 people the driver
17 friends between the age of I think 24
and 34 who are all going to a 30th
birthday party two of the couples in the
car had just gotten married
the driver of course killed and two
bystanders we're joined now by two other
guests who can talk about the man who
owns this service not exactly clear
where he is right now his son has been
arrested on manslaughter charges as a
result of the accident here in New York
Sam Braverman joins us an attorney who
represented one of the new Borg Newburgh
four who are convicted after Shahid
Hussain led the group and organized the
scheme he'll tell us about that and in
Los Angeles lirik Cabral is with us Co
director of the film terror that's T in
parentheses and the word error terror a
documentary that follows undercover FBI
informant Syed Sharif Torres who Khalifa
was just talking about another FBI
informant lyric we met you at the
Sundance Film Festival this astounding
film a few years ago if you can finish
Khalifa story for us how he figured out
who ahead was and the significance I
mean he not only was involved in the
jailing of men in Pittsburgh but also as
we'll talk about with Sam Braverman the
men in New York who were then entrapped
and her serving decades in prison at
this point lyric yes so Shah had Hussein
in Pittsburgh he was going by the name
Mohammed and he had been a sign there
presumably to investigate Khalifa Allah
Keeley but because of the Newburgh four
case because that was such a publicly
critiqued example of entrapment during
that trial ahead Hussein was
photographed and was exposed his
photograph was placed on actually was
the front cover of the New York Times
and so because of all the publicly
available information in part due to Sam
Braverman and other defense attorneys on
the Newburgh four team there was
basically this publicly available
information about Shaheed Hussein and
tuning recordings that he made of the
Newburgh four that were entered as
government evidence during their trial
in 2009 so all of this was sort of
public and so when Khalifa had his
suspicions about Hussain Shah had
Hussein in Pittsburgh under the name
Muhammad gave Khalifa a business card
with a number and Khalifa due to his
suspicions he googled that phone number
and it referenced a number in one of the
Newburgh four trial transcripts that was
publicly available so Khalifa through
this Google search was able to actually
confirm on paper that Shaheed Hussein
was an informant I mean that is simply
amazing
this guy gives him his number he's very
nervous about him and he checks it out
on Google and he sees it's the number of
the FBI informant in the Newburgh four
case which brings us to Sam Braverman
morning hi it's great to have you with
us um talked about this case in Newburgh
yes it was front-page news but I think
for many people in this country it's
long been forgotten about
as they rot away in jail oh absolutely
true so the trial is essentially amok
sued it was his nickname in our case of
course I don't think anybody could
honestly say they know what his real
name is because he created II did so
much immigration fraud on his original
asylum application so I don't think
anybody believes that he could be Fred I
mean nobody knows his real name but
beyond that he comes to new Burak he's
tasked to go into Newark he goes into
mosques and he's specifically tasked
Newburgh a very depressed because
Newburgh is a very depressed town he was
in Wappingers Falls before originally
and he went into a mosque and the people
said get out of here get out of here he
went to the Dubourg mosque and the Imam
there said get out of here why why were
they telling him to leave they were
telling him to leave because he was in
there to say let's have a jihad let's
have a holy war and the people in the
mosque were saying this has nothing to
do with us we're here to pray we're here
for a peaceful mission and so he kept
getting thrown out of places and he
found a disaffected person in a parking
lot and that's how the newer cases again
and his name was James Kromrey so James
Crowley was a loudmouth by his own
absolute admission he shot off his mouth
endlessly and then like Khalifa he one
day he said you know I don't have any
interest in this man anymore and hid for
a month and a half hid the FBI knew
exactly it was because they were
trailing him everywhere
but every time that Maqsood would knock
on his door he was hiding behind the
door or he call him he'd say oh I'm out
of town I'm in Philly wherever I am
but the FBI was paying mock suit to do
something he had a job like a Salesman
so as a salesman he only gets paid if he
makes the sale and he has to tell the
person who wants to make the sale let me
tell you anything you want to hear so in
our trial mock sued so he'd Hussein said
things like I'll give you $250,000 a
barbershop free cars free travel my
client Legare pan was totally
impoverished and my client was bought
for food so in every meeting my client
is eating that's how you got my client
to join this thing there's a I know if
you feed somebody rice and they're
starving don't believe anything you ask
them to believe because they're starving
to death as was my client so that that
was the premise that got everybody into
this once they were there she had his
saying just kept doing things his
everyday task was to make the story
better and the FBI was continually
trying to reel him in at the same time
so they're saying no no don't offer
those things you can offer $5,000 so he
went off the reservation said no 250 is
good and then he did these things and
then Dee lied to his handlers about it
and they didn't know about it until they
actually heard the tapes where he said
250f I offered you 250 you didn't want
it how about a car so it was endless and
he said yeah I'm gonna fly on a plane my
client said I can't go anywhere I don't
have a passport
you're talking about that the most
uneducated the most unsalvageable young
men they said this is targetable this is
merit very significant because ahead
knows enough that he cannot just be
offering financial inducements he has to
as he talks about the cause they have to
be there for the cause jihad not for the
money because I don't get the FBI in
trouble so I want to go to the HBO
documentary the Newburgh sting which
features secret recordings the FBI made
of conversations between the undercover
FBI informant choukaku Singh and James
kramat II one of the men who became part
of the Newburgh four you have to listen
very closely because well obviously this
is surveillance audio it's hard to
understand the clip begins with Shahid
Hussein
you understanding that you make lot of
money and still be on the side of Allah
that'll be good but I have to know what
I'm going to make the money don't worry
you gonna meet some fellows this B's so
that is ahead Hussain saying you're
gonna get some brothers together to
James krama D and this is another clip
from the secret FBI recording begins
with James for money or Preakness or the
things they're going to make any money
or or angerness
please do not because this is so that
was krama D at the end who is now in
prison saying yeah yeah I know you're
saying jihad but they really need the
money so it and that's ahead Hussain and
again to bring this back for people are
just joining us now show head Hussein
who runs the prestige limousine service
that was involved in this deadly car
crash he was cited numerous times for
dangerous vehicles this one was not
supposed to be on the road in Schoharie
and it's the one that crashed killing
all twenty all seventeen people in the
in the car and and the driver as well as
two passers-by so talk about then
defending your clients and how they
ended up in jail because these are such
damning
so much of your clients they're clearly
desperate and sometimes trying to get
away from him he's coming up with the
plot all the time he shows them
synagogues he shows them a military base
so in the case here there were a lot of
different ways remember you're what we
are compressing time in a sense because
it starts in an early 2008 and it goes
all the way to 2009 nine months of
recruitment and during this nine months
Korean people are leaving they keep
walking away they can't find people my
client comes in the first time he
appears on tape anywhere he says to shed
by the way thanks for the job I really
needed a job it doesn't say I'm here to
do damage to the world I need a job I
mean literally Waifs on the street so
this persistence is what ultimately the
FBI is allowed to use to say let's
compress it all into one moment what do
we have we have people saying in clips
I'm here for the job what the trial was
about was pulling back that that
band-aid that that bandage that hides
the actual wounds and the wounds were
she had who's saying doing whatever he
wanted to do and that's the connection
with the case here today it's not
because he was an informant then and lie
then that he somehow legally responsible
for this it's because every day of his
life and every minute he's ever had
he's had no responsibilities for
anything so he comes and he lies about
his immigration and I was application
for asylum never punished he comes here
and he creates a fraudulent business
never punished he comes here and he does
a bribery scandal at the DMV and he's
never punished he comes here and he lies
at the trial up in Albany never punished
it comes here he files bankruptcy the
lives of his bankruptcy application
never punish comes here at trial and
then for this whole case here lies in
every step of the trial exceeds his
authority makes offers binds the FBI to
things never punished at trial he lies
on the stand McMahon turns to the jury
and says this man is lying never held
accountable for the government stand and
says you're doing a great job and the
terror case in other cases he's done and
now this so the timeline is for all of
us to watch this to say he's never been
held accountable in his life for
anything so what does he learn from that
he learns sociopathy the ability to say
without remorse without any concern
without any hesitation
whatever I want so if I want this truck
on the road it goes on the road and who
says no you me no we're still paying a
salary he's making hundreds of thousands
of dollars doesn't pay taxes on it he
lies and commits felony crime he didn't
pay taxes on the government is pays the
money
you mean the FBI yeah in our trial came
out that he got sixty six thousand
dollars in the year before our trial he
didn't pay taxes on that money it's a
gift so what does he learn he learns to
do anything he wants he goes to Pakistan
wherever he is who knows if he's
actually there and his son is here to
stand up for him maybe his son takes the
beating for him I don't know when did he
leave who knows who knows he comes and
goes as he pleases have you ever been to
JFK and see the line to get it out of
JFK do you think he stands on that line
he doesn't he just disappears during our
trial he disappeared during the trial
came back nobody says we know where he
is
the FBI agent handler who was on a trial
on the stand says he goes did you follow
him in Pakistan no I asked how do you
know he's not actually a terrorist maybe
he's the actual terrorist is there a
question and he first came to the United
States from Pakistan fleeing a murder
charge so he says right we don't even
have proof of that but he absolutely
said that he was a victim of an unlawful
arrest and all these other things we
have no proof that that's true and the
FBI never offered proof that that was
true the only thing we know about the
FBI is they said about the for in the
trial they said in a letter in an
internal member and they said we know
these guys are totally incapable of an
operation without our informant well I
want to go to comments that have been
made a statement that's been issued by
Muslim groups in the US the Muslim
solidarity committee project Salaam and
the Coalition for civil freedoms issued
a statement about who sans saying quote
the limousine company is the latest hit
on this road of calamity Shaheed
Hassan's debt to justice has not been
paid the years spent in prison and the
years still to serve for the phony
crimes that Hussein engineered for the
FBI cannot be recovered for the men he
put away and the terrible irony of a
felon convicted as part of a DMV scan
who's now responsible for the faulty
operation of a vehicle that killed 20
innocent people is not lost on us so
lyric Cabral could you respond to that
and also say what you recall from who
