is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman we
begin today in Gaza where thousands
attended a funeral Saturday for twenty
one year old Palestinian volunteer medic
Hassan al-najjar witnesses say she was
shot dead Friday by Israeli soldiers as
she ran toward the border fence to
provide medical aid to a wounded
protester this is a description of the
attack from James Heenan head of the
office of the united nations high
commissioner for human rights in the
occupied Palestinian territory quote
reports indicate husband was assisting
injured demonstrators and wearing her
first-responder clothing clearly
distinguishing her as a healthcare
worker even from a distance reports
suggests she was shot about 100 meters
from the fence under international human
rights law which applies in this context
along with international humanitarian
law lethal force may only be used as a
last resort and when there is an
imminent threat of death or serious
injury it is very difficult to see how
husband pose such a threat to heavily
armed well protected Israeli forces in
defensive positions on the other side of
the fence Henan said Najjar was taken to
a hospital where she died from her
injuries
her mother held her daughter's
blood-stained medical vest as she spoke
with reporters and demanded justice
world saw what happened to my daughter
and I call for international protection
where is this international protection
where are the human rights how was my
daughter a threat
what was her weapon this is her weapon
this medical equipment this is my
daughter's weapon this is what she was
resisting with on what basis did the
soldier kill her
she's been targeted since the first day
of protests so many times she has
survived death she would come through
and tell me what she went through
may God account every person who is
silent about this in total the Israeli
military has killed at least 119
Palestinians wounded more than 13,000
more's part of the brutal crackdown
against the Palestinians ongoing
non-violent great march of return
protests demanding an end to the Israeli
occupation
the Israeli military says its troops
worked quote in accordance with standard
operating procedures unquote but said
Saturday it would investigate her death
a volunteer ambulance worker told The
Associated Press he and nature were
planning to announce their engagement at
the end of Ramadan meanwhile Friday the
United States vetoed a UN Security
Council resolution that would have
condemned Israel's quote excessive
disproportionate and indiscriminate
force unquote against Palestinians the
US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley said
the resolution was one-sided on Sunday
Israeli air forces fired at Hamas sites
in Gaza after they said militants fired
rockets at Israel also Sunday Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
tweeted he'd reduced the tax funds
shared with Palestinians in order to
compensate Israelis living near the Gaza
Strip who say their property was damaged
by fires caused by kites rigged with
incendiary devices or attached to
burning rags well in a minute we'll go
to Gaza but first we want to turn to the
Hasan Minhaj are in her own words this
is an excerpt from her interview with
the New York Times when she said Gaza
needed more female medics like herself
being a medic is not only a job for a
man it's for women too sometimes the
injured are women who will treat them
yes a man can but we have a big role
here we have one goal to save lives and
evacuate people and to send a message to
the world without weapons we can do
anything this is the tent where the
volunteers work daily we volunteer here
every day
we do this for a love of the country
it's humanitarian work we don't do it
for money we do it for God we don't want
to get paid or be employed people ask my
dad what I'm doing here and without
getting a salary he tells them I'm proud
of my daughter she provides care to the
children of our country and especially
because in our society women are often
judged but society has to accept us if
they don't want to accept us by choice
they will be forced to
except us because we have more strength
than any man the strength that I showed
as a first responder on the first day of
the protests I dare you to find it in
anyone else for more we go now to Gaza
City where we're joined by dr. Meredith
Abbas the director of Al Shifa Hospital
the largest medical facility in the Gaza
Strip also joining us from Istanbul
Turkey as Dalia on the jar Roslin's
cousin she's co-founder of xyla water an
organization dedicated to making clean
water accessible around the world she
works with everyone from a Massachusetts
Institute of Technology to Lahore
University we welcome you both to
Democracy Now
Dalia let's go to you first in Istanbul
cousin was your cousin can you talk
about what we just heard has done
describing what she felt was her
obligation to be a paramedic and who she
was
thank you but then was a very
strong-minded girl since she was very
young she always had dreams she loved
life she should be the source of
positivity all the time and being a
nurse was one of her dreams she worked
hard to be one she couldn't get a degree
in nursing unfortunately because of the
financial situations her family were
living under and then she went and get
got a training in nursing for two years
and she worked as a volunteer for two
years without being paid and then she
felt it's her duty to be a first
response ER because it's everyone's duty
everyone has a role in what's going on
and she felt that she can do what she's
best at by being first responder she was
one of the first female first responders
and
she inspired many people I heard stories
from her colleagues saying that other
other first responders used to motivate
each other by mentioning her and talking
about her
if anyone's sitting they would tell him
come on Roseanne broke her wrist and yet
she come she completed her shift so
she's a source of inspiration for
everyone I want to go back to rosin on
the jar in her own words talking about
her life as a volunteer field medic in
Gaza she was speaking to trt World weeks
before she was shot and killed by
Israeli forces Friday I want to continue
helping others till the last day I'm
paramedic resin Alicia I'm 20 years old
working here as a field paramedic the
first day was the hardest for me i
suffocated from tear gas three times the
entire medical team was targeted a
colleague was shot in the back and my
friend a nurse was shot in the hand and
another colleague was shot near the ear
we gave them first aid in the field and
then we continued our work we sent them
to the hospitals and carried on in our
work today
I was almost shot but thanks for God's
mercy I was safe and also yesterday I
was suffocated from the tear gas I
fainted
for about an hour I woke up in an
ambulance and I left it I went crazy
because I wanted to continue my work in
my journey I came to give care not to
get care with all pride I want to
continue to the last day that again was
Rosen Alicia's speaking she was killed
on Friday by an Israeli military sniper
Dalia Rosen's mother said I wish I could
have seen her in her white wedding dress
not her shroud she was about to get
engaged after Ramadan yes true when of
her to one of her colleagues medics as
well was interested in her and
they were to call their engagement after
Ramadan you spoke to Rosen's mother on
Sunday night can you tell us about your
conversation and what she said to you
your aunt she told me that we really
need to work hard to get the story here
the end to get Roseanne's message here
everyone need to know the truth and we
need to work collectively to call for
justice and to hold the responsible
parties accountable for their for this
work crime she said to you you are as on
now hold the torch and keep fighting
Dalia yes I broke down on while talking
to her and she was coming to me down and
she told me no llores and you guys used
to play together all the time as young
people and I see you as resent now and I
want you to continue her fight and to
continue sharing her message to the
world I understand that she was also
injured in pre on previous days as she
worked as a medic in Gaza one of our
previous guests dr. Terra Klugh Boni
tweeted she previously fainted twice due
to gas inhalation while on April 13th
she broke her wrist after falling while
running to attend to a wounded protester
I want to turn now to doctor medic Abbas
director of the Al Shifa Hospital the
largest medical facility in Gaza can you
talk about Hassan's commitment talk
about what you understand happened to
her on Friday and was she taken to Shifa
no she was not taken to our hospital she
was taken to another hospital base in
Rafah city is called the
as a hospital when in fact she was shot
by an explosive bullet that penetrated
her heart and came out from her bag and
she the only thing she did was she
pointed to something on her back and
then amid she fell on the ground and she
died at once and I mean she was as it's
mentioned in this report that she was
clearing a white coat it was clear to
everybody that she's a paramedic but
that that that was a mother I mean that
was a crime committed before cameras and
and you because the Israelis usually run
with it so they keep repeating that I
mean another another first rescuer was
killed he was called Musa has an in the
same way also he was shot dead while
trying to rescue some of the the victims
among the protesters and and the same
thing we have been targeting some of the
the trauma stabilizing points that we
have tents in the buffer zones in the
Austin's who used to treat those victims
of the of the Israeli aggression against
our people but at the same time usually
they target those tents by by gas by
tear gas and unfortunately we gave the
Israelis the GPS through the ICRC but
again they are still insisting to target
the mathematics and paramedics
everywhere whatever they are and we'll
never ever forget the the War of the two
thousand fourteen were they targeted to
complete hospitals they demolished a
hospital called in warfare Hospital
totally and they attacked other three
hospitals with partial destruction I
mean so it's not the first time when
they attacked medics and paramedics and
health facilities so can we talk about
what has taken place over the weeks
since March 30th March 30th to May 15th
the sixth week nonviolent protests
called the great march of return up
until now are your figure is a hundred
nineteen Paulist in Ian's dead and
thirteen thousand wounded yeah 15700
almost and 123 today killed in fact
before before the march of return
we've been living under
blocade for ten years more than one
decade more than a decade and the
poverty is prevailing the unemployment
is prevailing and we've been suffering
of shortage of medicine and restriction
of movement of people across borders
because our borders are sealed most of
the time so it was a very miserable
situation before the marshal pétain moon
after the march of return started then
the people start to we have never ever
thought that the people would be
targeted like that way welljust we
thought they might use some teargas and
that was the only thing we thought that
may be used but we were shocked by the
large numbers of of casualties arriving
to our hospitals in serious condition
when the first day we killed almost 30
persons and they wounded 1,500 or 1,700
and the numbers start to mount every
week and we reach now a tragedy and in
the end the health sector on the other
side will be in suffering our staff are
working without salaries most of the
time they are just taking some styles
which are not enough to meet any their
of financial needs and because of and we
have shortage of electricity shortage of
maintenance and spare parts everything
is quite difficult in our hospitals and
the total bid capacity that we have is
2200 beds
imagine that we have admitted 7,000
victims of this aggression in the last
two months so some I remember the Monday
of the 14th of May where we received
3,000 injured and we lost almost 63 were
killed that day that the people were
thrown in the ground in their blood I
mean it was just a very miserable
situation that our capacity was fully in
my hospital where I have 14 operation
room all of them were operating along
the hour and the victims were thrown on
the ground you have no rooms to treat
them there was no way our triage tent
that was expanded was full of them and
usual because they use the many kind of
bullets but there is a kind that they
use which is called the explosive bullet
which will take out the bone and the
blood vessels and leave nothing in the
land they used to target the extremities
the lower limbs in particular there is
an artery called popliteal artery and
another one
the femoral artery once they are
targeted the patient will arrive to the
hospitals with hemorrhagic shock and it
would be very difficult to save their
lives and we have been existing too much
effort to save the lives of those people
but till now we lost 33 limbs were
amputated during this aggression and and
still there they are not denying their
intention to continue targeting the
civilians and at the border side of
course as it is quite clear that it is a
violation of Geneva Convention because
which will protect all the medical
medical personnel in the fields and it
also should protect the civilians
everywhere the during conflict times but
in fact we are shocked and we condemn by
all the words what's being happening
today and believe me we felt so sad by
the United States backing them in the
United Nations with the only thing that
was required is just to protect
civilians we're not requiring anything
the goal of this return march was just
to break the siege we need to be free
they are putting us in this country who
cannot travel we have no salary who have
no hope we have no electricity we have
nothing and we want to be to be free
like any other country in the world many
many of those people were children many
of them were women two women were killed
since the beginning of the great march
of return and the only thing the people
are requiring during those demonstration
are to break the siege and to return
back to their homeland which was stated
clearly by the United Nations resolution
about 194 dr. Abbas can you comment on
whether you think medical personnel like
Hassan are being targeted according to
the Palestinian Ministry of Health and
the Palestinian Red Crescent Society 245
health workers and 40 ambulances have
been targeted by Israeli security forces
since the great march of return began on
March 30th before you answer I wanted to
turn to dr. Terra Klugh Bani I
interviewed him two weeks ago the
emergency room medical doctor Canadian
Palestinian doctor he was one of 19
medical personnel at the time shot in
Gaza dr. Lebon II and associate
professor Western University in London
Ontario
the medic who went to help him was shot
dead an hour later I asked dr. Lebon II
if he felt he was targeted I don't know
the answer to that I don't know what's
what orders they received or what was in
their heads so I can't tell you if we
were deliberately targeted what I can
tell you is the things that I do know in
the six weeks of the March there were no
paramedic casualties and in one day 19
paramedics 18 wounded plus one killed
and myself were all injured so we're all
shot with live ammunition we were all
Musa was actually in a rescue at the
time but everybody else I talked to was
like me we were away during a lull
without smoke without any chaos at all
and we were targeted and we were rather
hit by live ammunition most of us in the
lower limbs so it's very very hard to
believe that the Israelis who shot me
and the Israelis who shot my other
colleagues just from our medical crew
four of us were shot including Musa bas
Annan who passed away it's very hard to
believe that they didn't know who we
were they didn't know what we were doing
and that they were aiming at anything
else
so that was dr. Terra Klugh Bani who's
back in Canada now he is a Canadian
emergency room doctor shot in Gaza by an
Israeli sniper again the medic the
paramedic who helped him was then shot
dead doctor met at Abbas do you feel
medical personnel are being targeted oh
sure sure
that cannot be denied and I'm quite sure
that this is goal-directed
it's an intention they wanted to scare
everybody so that nobody asked for his
rights for freedom and his right to
return back to his homeland this is the
problem and scaring people like that way
is a miserable act it should be
condemned by everybody in the
international community and we received
support messages from many in G
all over the world communicating with us
say that they offer their soul
indirectly with us but again still still
in the United States are still insisting
to back Israel for what they do
killing civilians if we hope we hope
that that the propaganda that we listen
in the media is not right about that the
people who are demonstrating are
terrorists no they are not terrorists
they are unarmed civilians the only
thing they want is that their freedom
they are trapped in the biggest present
air air open prison in the world
enough is enough the people need their
freedom and it's our right I think dr.
Milot Abbas thousands came out for the
funeral of Hasan on Saturday can you
describe what took place well just the
people just wanted to express their
anger their condemnation of this act and
and everybody it was like a mass grief
in Gaza Strip everybody cried for her
and for the rest of the others 123
persons were killed just they were just
still doing nothing you're just
demonstrating peacefully there was not a
single Israeli soldier on the other side
of the border was wounded or harmed just
nothing has happened to them why to use
this excessive force against civilians
that's not explained and everybody was
condemning that and the large number is
saying that everybody is supporting the
medical team everybody is supporting the
right of return everybody is against the
blockade which is imposed on us for more
than a decade today that was the meaning
of this demonstration that occurred
during the federal of rosanna rosanna
was shot in the same day that the United
States vetoed the UN Security Council
resolution on protection of Palestinians
your comments dr. Abbas well I felt bad
everybody I was shocked really it was
nothing we have just wanted nothing the
only thing that we need protection for
our children for our women for our
dignity for our life we need our freedom
that's all and we have expected the
United States to support us just not to
