here on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez one dollar and fifty
cents a week is that a pay hike worth
celebrating well at least it is
according to House Speaker Paul Ryan on
Saturday Ryan tweeted a link to an
Associated Press report writing quote a
secretary at a public high school in
Lancaster Pennsylvania said she was
pleasantly surprised her pay went up one
dollar and fifty cents a week she said
that will more than cover her Costco
membership for the year
unquote after a deluge of ridicule and
outrage
Ryan deleted that sweet hours later in
contrast to the reported dollar fifty
pay increase which comes to 78 dollars a
year
House Speaker Ryan received a staggering
half a million dollars in campaign
contributions from Charles Koch only
days after Ryan pushed through the tax
overhaul legislations been massively
benefiting corporations and the richest
Americans including president Trump and
his own family and the Koch brothers who
may save as much as 1.4 billion dollars
on income taxes every year well to talk
more about the Trump administration's
economic agenda were joined by Richard
wolf professor emeritus of economics at
the University of Massachusetts Amherst
visiting professor at News School
University he's the founder of democracy
at work hosts a weekly national
television radio program called economic
update author of a number of books
including capitalism's crisis crisis
deepens essays on the global economic
meltdown so you have the House Speaker
tweeting about this incredible victory
as he considered this woman raising
getting a dollar-fifty raise a week
seventy eight dollars a year but he is
mocked and ridiculed so much he has to
delete the tweet your response to this
Richard Wolffe I take great comfort from
the fact that there was this kind of
response the classic move both of the
Republican Party in general and of mr.
Trump is to give tiny tax benefits to
the mass of people in order to distract
them from the grotesque inequality of
the benefits going to the corporations
and the richest people Exxon corporation
gloated over the weekend that they're
going to save six bill
ian's dollars from this tax cut so we
can see that what this is doing is
worsening not improving worsening the
inequality of the United States in a
dramatic way and for me as an economic
historian after 30 years which is the
truth of the last 30 years of a growing
gap between rich and poor that everybody
recognizes to pass a tax cut that
worsens it rather than softens it it's
kind of staggering it's really not about
economics anymore it's about an
out-of-control economy in which the few
are simply grabbing it all before it
disappears Richard I'm wondering what do
you think the impact might be even of a
small increase because for people who
have been used to not having increases
in their take-home pay even a small
increase to what degree that may lull
many Americans and to thinking well look
Mena maybe the Trump and the Republicans
are so bad that's what they hope they
hope that if you get a little bit you'll
be so grateful and so happy that you
won't pay attention but here's where
it'll come back and bite you because
with this kind of a tax cut massive
reduction in the money that the federal
government gets from all these
corporations and rich we know already
because mr. Ryan among others has told
us they're going to be cutting
government programs using the excuse
that they don't have the money so the
dollar 50 that young lady will save she
will then lose more than that in the
cutback in government programs upon
which she and her family and her
community will depend this is a bad
scene for the mass of the American it's
very interesting we just had the segment
on nuclear weapons and president Trump's
1.2 trillion dollar plan to increase the
nuclear weapons of the United States
that we can afford talk about where the
money goes and what you see as the
alternatives well I think fundamentally
the money is going where mr. Trump and
the Republican Party wanted to go he's
building his political support he's not
a popular president we all know that
despite his tweets so he has to build so
he gives the military that's one way to
build his support he gives the big
and the big corporations a cut that's
another way to build support
he makes symbolic gestures for the rest
of the population in hopes of drawing
them in this is a program that is
mindless about the economic realities of
our society about the suffering about
the promises he also made in his
campaign it is built on the notion he is
going to build his support and the
Republican Party and the rest of the
society will just live with where the
chips may fall for me this is a problem
of a system this is beyond this problem
that problem this reform that law you
have a system that is out of control we
have so much wealth in the hands of so
few that they're in a position to make
everything else serve them that's a
classic sign of a decay in a society and
for me the fundamental shifts that have
to happen are the only way you're gonna
get out of this long series of horrible
kinds of decisions such as saying we
can't take care of the secretaries
economic needs beyond the dollar fifty a
week and then you know doubling our
defense expenditures and I'm wondering
what in this are in this bill that was
the tax bill that was recently passed
most astounded you because clearly there
was the cut in the corporate tax and the
pass-through companies and the
inheritance tax well I mean what was it
that most astounded you about the the
ability of the Republicans and President
Trump to get this through all the ones
you mentioned but here's the one that
really got me for years large
corporations have evaded their share of
taxes by using a loophole that their
lobbyists got into the law years ago
which says if you keep your wealth
outside the country your profits
you don't have to pay the tax here in
the United States you only have to pay
when you come back year after year
billions were unavailable to Washington
to serve our needs as a people because
they did that and instead of saying you
know you've abused the American economy
by this knock payment instead that bill
that was passed in December
gives them a preferential lower rate
than they otherwise would have had to
pay them amnesty
that's right basically gives them an
instead of punishing them for the damage
they did it rewards them by saying
having waited and not paid now bring it
back and you'll pay less than you ever
would have before that is such an upside
down notion of justice and economics
logic in taxation you know and here's
the last point that I do as an economist
if you give government money to poor and
middle-income people they go out and
they spend it and it makes the economy
um if you give the bulk of government
support to the richest those are the
people who don't spend it all because
they already living high on the on the
hog they save it they hold it back they
use it for all kinds of things that
aren't the kinds of things that make the
economy harm in economic logic it's much
better to give to the middle and the
bottom that it is to give even more to
the top after 30 years of having done
that already and what's your response to
these corporations that have suddenly
now started to Rea to to voluntarily
give their workers a small increase in
their in their base pay well I brought
with me because I didn't want to make
any mistake the name of the firm Willis
Towers Watson it's a human resources
firm is the only scientific effort to
understand what the companies are doing
with their tax cut they interview they
picked some of at random 333 companies
with no less than a thousand workers
each and here's of the results they got
they asked them are you giving their
workers a benefit from your tax cut if
you're not are you planning to over the
next year if you're not doing that are
you considering it here the results 3%
have given 4% are planning to give 13%
are considering it 80 percent of
American corporations aren't haven't
done it aren't planning on it and are
not even considering it it's a hype it's
a hustle it's an attempt to fool people
by picking a few examples and there's
one more I love Walmart is giving money
but it turns out the amount that you get
depends on how long you've worked at
Walmart what one has a tremendous
turnover because they don't pay much
therefore most people haven't been there
very long they won't get very much it's
it's a game in which unfortunately these
companies are complicit with mr. Trump
in the hype that this is not what it
actually sorting the media are complicit
so back to that deleted tweet of Paul
Ryan the House Speaker who said this
woman was pleasantly surprised when her
pay went up a dollar fifty a week she
said that will more than cover her
Costco membership for a year
the former Obama staffer Jon Favreau
tweeted as a thank-you for passing a one
trillion dollar corporate tax cut Paul
Ryan received five hundred thousand
dollars in campaign contributions from
the Koch brothers which would probably
cover the cost of buying Moscow okay so
that's the Obama staffer but how
different is what Trump and his allies
are doing then what the Obama
administration was doing and what do you
think meet needs to be done well it's
much worse I want to be fair what Trump
and the GOP are doing is much worse than
what the Obama but you're quite right in
your question it's a difference in
degree it is not a difference in kind
mr. Obama came in with great hopes as
everyone knows that there would be
changes and there would be a redirection
there wasn't I mean to be real brutally
honest there really wasn't but in the
light of what mr. Trump does it all kind
of looks better we have a history in
America that with each president the
previous one looks a bit better than he
did before so for me the basic issue is
what you say what what has to be done
and for me here's how it looks the
decisions we see or the decisions made
by the people who run the businesses of
America the corporations the boards of
directors the major shareholders who
really do control this economy and have
for a long time if we're not happy with
the outcome which I assume we're not
we've been discussing that then we have
to go to that problem we have to be
willing to change the system and for me
what I work on is to change the way
corporations are run democracy now
I love the slogan I love your name I
want it in the workplace
I want democracy there for the first
time we don't have democracy at the
workplace we have a tiny group of people
at the top the major shareholders the
boards of directors they select they
make all the decisions what to produce
how to produce where to produce and what
to do with the profits everybody helps
to produce in an enterprise why do we
allow such an undemocratic system the
decisions at the top everybody who works
there has to live with and yet there's
no accountability the mass of people who
work in each enterprise can't control
don't elect have no role they live with
it but they have no participation that's
the opposite of democracy I don't think
if we put the people in charge of our
businesses if we make the economy run by
the people in each enterprise I think
for the first time we'd have an economy
that serves people rather than asking
all of us to serve an economy run by a
tiny minority I wonder I want to ask you
about the Trump administration's a
regulatory direction because clearly
after the financial crisis there was an
attempt on during the Obama
administration to provide more breaks
and controls on the worst excesses of
the financial industries but now we're
seeing payday lenders we're seeing the
old student loan companies that were
constantly peddling debt to to America's
young people all having a resurgence the
impact of the regulatory changes that
are occurring probably more profound
than anything we've been discussing
right now under the surface because
there's so much of it going on even the
media can't quite keep up underneath the
visible is a change in the personnel in
which after one after the other
lobbyists from every industrial group
are being brought in to be regulators of
what they used to work for I mean it
really is the Fox is guarding the
chicken coop on a mass basis and I think
what you're going to see slowly
is a radical alteration in which the
government looks the other way as each
industry group gets to do what they've
tried to do for decades and been held
back from more or less now it's open
season and we will have and I suspect
you will have to cover more and more
stories and the most recent one is the
one in which the fast-food industry
lobbyist has become the person hired to
determine American dietary rules it's
extraordinary what you're seeing and how
that will play out in the little moments
of our lives talk about that Jerome
Powell taking charge as the economy
stutters as the New York Times yes well
you know the Federal Reserve we pretend
in America that we're a private
enterprise economy but we all depend on
the Federal Reserve which is basically a
governmental or largely governmental
agency that has unspeakably enormous
power how much money there is in the
economy what the interest rates are are
shaped by the Federal Reserve Janet
Yellen a classmate of mine by the way
when I was in graduate school in
economics has left and replaced by mr.
Powell who's closer to the Republicans
and closer to the president and before
my guess is you're going to see a
Federal Reserve accommodating like
everybody else
this deregulatory shift wealth to the
top kind of mindset so unfortunately
we're miss Yellen might have been a bit
of a break this is full speed ahead in a
direction I think is disastrous for this
country well the last question and that
is how is Trump sold to the American
people with the help of the media even
if they are an opposition media
sometimes what is the note he has struck
that he is so succeeded in what you see
as duping people I think it goes back to
your point about Obama
in fact promises were made to the
American people in the Obama
administration to bring hope to bring
change and there wasn't much of any and
I think it turned a large number of
people off and they were discontented
and turning away from politics and
there's a kind of anger and
rage against what's happening and mr.
Trump has tapped into that and he keeps
playing on I'm the naughty boy I'm the
different one I'm going to do what
others fear to do it's theater there's
no reality to it he's actually gone in
the opposite direction but this endless
tweeting and the endless crisis
mongering with his promises is the kind
of distraction meant to keep people away
from understanding that what they hoped
for with Obama and were disappointed in
is gonna be an even bigger
disappointment with this one we want to
thank you so much for being with us
Richard Wolffe professor of economics at
University of Massachusetts Amherst
visiting professor at the new school
founder of democracy at work hosts a
national television and radio program
called economic update this is democracy
now when we come back yep Super Bowl
happened last night huge upset in the
sports world with Philadelphia Eagles
winning for the first time if you were
watching did you notice that someone was
taken off the field with a concussion or
maybe that's why you weren't watching
last night we'll talk about what
happened on the field and off 17 people
were arrested in racial justice protests
outside stay with us
