democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan
Gonzalez welcome to all of our listeners
and viewers around the country and
around the world hurricane season is
officially underway and today we spend
the hour looking up what dohiko as it
continues to recover from Hurricane
Maria which devastated the island last
September researchers at Harvard
University recently revealed the death
toll from hurricane Maria maybe a
staggering 70 times higher than the
official count the official death toll
still stands at 64 but the new study
estimates a death toll of at least four
thousand six hundred forty-five with
some projections topping fifty seven
hundred this is one of the reports
co-authors and dr. Domingo Marquez of
Carlo Alviso University 4645 so to add
something I'll tell you that in our
study we found that in terms of the
people who suffered from the hurricane
was due to the fact that the average
puerto rican was exposed to 84 days
without electric power moreover it was
more than 60 days without drinking water
which is a huge public health problem
and it was more than 40 days for the
average person without cellular
communications so just those three
things really give reasons to the
mortality numbers 911 not working in
small towns it was down in all of Puerto
Rico so when you think about those
things you can understand why the number
was so high President Trump has so far
not responded to the new study but in
October during a visit to Puerto Rico
Trump boasted about the low official
death count now I hate to tell you Porto
Rico but you've thrown our budget a
little out of whack because we've spent
a lot of money on Puerto Rico and that's
fine we've saved a lot of lives if you
look at the every death is a horror but
if you look at a real catastrophe like
Katrina and you look at the tremendous
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
people that died and you look at what
happened here with really a storm that
was just totally overpowering nobody's
ever seen anything like
now what is your what is your death
count as at this moment 17 16 people
certified 16 people versus in the
thousands you can be very proud of all
of your people all of our people working
together 16 versus literally thousands
of people that was President Trump in
the days after Hurricane Maria that was
the same visit where he tossed paper
towels to some of the residents of San
Juan cable news networks are facing
criticism for spending far more time
covering the Roseanne story than the
stunning new Harvard report that found
at least forty four thousand six hundred
forty five people died in put the Hickel
because of the hurricane according
according to Media Matters the main
cable news networks covered Roseanne for
over ten hours in the first day of
coverage they covered Hurricane Maria's
death toll in Puerto Rico for just over
thirty minutes Fox News spent just 48
seconds covering the Puerto Rico story
San Juan mayor Carmen Newlin Carew's
posted a message on Twitter reading
never forgotten never again
in an attached photo she was wearing a
hat with the number 4645 for more we
host a roundtable discussion for the
hour we're joined by Naomi Klein author
journalist senior correspondent for the
intercept she has a new book out it's
called the battle for paradise Porto
Rico takes on the disaster capitalists
she's also author of no is not enough
resisting Trump shock politics and
winning the world we need this changes
everything capitalism vs. the climate
and the Shock Doctrine the rise of
disaster capitalism among others also
joining us straight from Puerto Rico
kaca Aviles Vasquez Puerto Rican
environmental activist member of a
sustainable farming resource group
called the boricua Organization for
ecological agriculture part of the
climate justice alliance she's based in
San Juan and Elizabeth young Pierre
executive director of uprose and
co-chair of the climate justice alliance
we welcome you all to Democracy Now you
have just come Katia from the island you
were there when this Harvard study came
out it's not that a lot of people on the
island weren't saying it's actually the
opposite of what Trump said at the time
he's consulting the governor and he said
what 1617 people have died that was
right after but now this number
maybe it's 4,600 maybe it's 5700 people
who have died was that your sense of
things and what as we move into this
next hurricane season are your major
concerns right now so I think the first
thing is to highlight Oh Maya Sosa and
the Center for Investigative Journalism
they were the first ones to document and
call out what we all were feeling and
knew and had seen which was that we we
had died in the thousands and and I
think it's really important to highlight
their work and particularly they were
able to gain a victory yesterday to have
access to the number of that things to
squirely Sauceda residency among other
people that were in the team the 4645
numbers is a statistical mean you say
that they were able to gain access I was
a judge ordering the government of
Puerto Rico to finally Labour's finally
yeah that certificates actually that
came down yesterday yeah so after coming
dude and the numbers we knew that it was
going to be in the South in the
thousands and I think it's important to
not focus on whether it's 45 45 45 46 45
or 50 700 because we knew is going to be
on the thousands the study remains
within a three month window which is
October November December and it looks
specifically the survey that they were
doing and then they extrapolate based on
that survey but it doesn't necessarily
count all the people that went out of
time for example or elderly and sick
that maybe could have lasted our
knowledge knowledge barriers that could
have lasted a little bit longer and
suffered before they finally their
bodies gave up because they couldn't
take the heat or the lack of food I
think it's important to have that
highlights not only that that it was
kept secret but the fact that it was
kept secret to serve a political agenda
in the case of governmental say yo that
day right after Trump left the
government recognized that the number
went up to 34 so when he answered
Trump's question it's very unlikely that
he didn't know the number was not 16
already so that again it's just
highlighting that the numbers and the
entire situation has been usurped too
serve Priscilla's political agenda and
the capital is that are now taking over
the island I think the other the other
part that needs to be taken into
consideration like you mentioned is that
the the the number of deaths now in the
since January has continued to increase
due to Maria and we have not only the
suicide rates that are increasing but
stoplights literally falling on people
and killing them
power plants blowing up and catching
fire and killing people and then people
that have continued to die because of
the lack of the necessary and
appropriate resources so if we actually
take into account all those indirect
deaths again we're in the in the
thousands of this and coming into the
next hurricane season infrastructure is
still very weakened houses are still
with tarps there's very much a lot of
debris on the streets they're still the
water hasn't been restored everywhere
electricity hasn't been restored or
anywhere everywhere the the boat system
lalana that goes from the main island to
Vieques and Culebra is still not
functioning properly so we're in a very
weakened state to face it I wanted to go
back to that issue the Harvard study
only as you mentioned goals from
September 20th to December 31st yet
there were hundreds of thousands of
people in January and February that
still didn't have electricity and so
that they were there undoubtedly other
deaths I currently in the early part of
this year as well correct and there's
still some that happened a couple of
weeks ago because indirectly because of
that like I mentioned literally a stop
light fell and the person that hit
recently died so we've we've had
continuous that's do indirectly to the
hurricane and its impact on
infrastructure Naomi I what did I asked
you but you first did an article a long
article and now this book in terms of
what you saw when you went down to what
the heck oh and also the how much
protocol has fit into one of your main
theses that you've developed over the
years of disaster capitalism mmm-hmm
well I was there I was actually there
with Elizabeth young here and was like
we were lucky enough to be shown around
to some parts of the country by Katya
and you know we saw people in February
having to travel very long ways to plug
in their oxygen machines you know
elderly people because they still didn't
have electricity so I think that this
goes to the point that the deaths were
continuing after that the count stopped
for this particular study and I'm really
struck by this you know this phrase that
these are deaths due to Hurricane Maria
you know it's not due to Hurricane Maria
it Maria was the catalyst but if you
look at the study the the the the the
cause of death in so many of the cases
and them in the largest cause was the
collapse of the healthcare system which
is intimately tied to the collapse of
the electricity system which is
intimately tied to the collapse of the
water system so this is really about
in total infrastructure failure right
and it didn't just fail a total society
doesn't have its infrastructure fail
unless you systematically knock out
every support structure and you do so
knowingly you know I am I keep thinking
about this phrase from four decades ago
by the great late investigative
journalist Rodolfo Walsh the Argentinian
kind of inventor of investigative
journalists in so many investigative
journalism in so many ways when he was
describing the economic policies of
Argentina's military in Clinton he
called it planned misery and I think
that applies so much to what is going on
in Puerto Rico right now that this has
been a planned system of immiseration
Maria comes along and is just the final
blow but we but you know I keep
searching for a phrase to describe this
it's not a natural disaster it's not
just a tragedy it's state-sponsored mass
killing that's what we're talking about
here because maybe there wasn't the
intent to kill but there was the
knowledge that this was that that that
the infrastructure was being
destroyed and even after we see the
results the deadly results of it they're
doing it still and you know this this
comes to what one you're asking me about
how this fits into what I've written in
the past about disaster capitalism in
the Shock Doctrine even after seeing the
effects of such brutal austerity and the
thousands of lives
it has taken what is the response more
of the same huge doses of austerity that
they're pushing right now trying to kill
trying to close hundreds of schools more
layoffs more neglect and the cost of
this is counted in thousands and
thousands of lives I wanted to go to the
White House press briefing Tuesday press
secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked about
Puerto Rico does the president still
think his response to the hurricane in
Puerto Rico he deserves a ten out of ten
score now that estimates say almost the
federal response once again was at a
historic proportion we're continuing to
work with the people of Puerto Rico and
do the best we can to provide federal
assistance particularly working with the
governor there in Puerto Rico and will
continue to do so so there the reporters
asking about the volume of the death
toll and the White House spokesperson
saying doing the best we can elizabeth
yum pier well what we understand is that
FEMA is evacuating people instead of
rebuilding we know that even before the
hurricane that lots of people were being
pushed out of Puerto Rico so many of
them moving to Central Florida we
estimate that by 2020 I think something
like 600,000 Puerto Rico's will have
been pushed out of the island we know
that here in New York City those people
who are in temporary shelters are also
faced with eviction they're living under
the worst kind of circumstances they get
a first when they get in to their homes
they have to show their ID as if they
were in some form of incarceration and I
think that one of the things that
concerns us the most is that this effort
of evacuating the island is really an
opportunity
to really privatize the entire island
and so if there are no people there it
really makes it easier for the United
States to support corporate interests
one of the things that I've been
concerned about is what happens for
example with those 23 brown super funds
that exist in Puerto Rico and a lot of
the toxic exposure that people are being
exposed to none of that is being
addressed by the US government those a
u.s. corporate interests and those are
sites that are managed by US
corporations and that's another source
of death for people in in in Puerto Rico
so it's really disappointing and but I
also think that there's not a lot that
is being expected of of the US
government in this in this situation we
saw what happened in New Orleans and we
saw how people were treated in New
Orleans and people in Puerto Rico have
not fared better than that
we're gonna go to break when we come
back we're gonna take a little of the
trip with you that Naomi Klein and
Elizabeth Young Pierre went on in Puerto
Rico when they followed you Katya and
others we're talking to Naomi Klein this
is a day the book the battle for
Paradise Puerto Rico takes on the
disaster capitalist is released with a
big event tonight at Cooper Union
Elizabeth Young Pierre is with us she is
co-chair of climate justice action among
other groups and Katya Aviles is with us
kaca
Aviles is a / well-known Puerto Rican
environmentalists working in agriculture
with the group boricua
ecological agriculture this is democracy
now back in a minute
[Music]
[Music]
Hey
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
resilience a new song by the Puerto
Rican artist
taina a silly this is democracy now I'm
Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez Juan yeah
I wanted to follow up Elizabeth before
the break you were talking about the
federal response and one of the things
that folks have not gotten much attempt
a much attention to is that the the
Trump's of Federal Communications
Commission who recently decided that
they were going to sharply reduce the
lifeline project which most people are
not aware of but the lifeline project is
a project that provides cellphone and
broadband services to low-income
Americans and there are 500,000 people
in Puerto Rico who received that
lifeline so it's a government subsidy
for communications now we all talk about
the communications catastrophe that
occurred in Puerto Rico but 369 thousand
people in Puerto Rico are going to lose
this 500,000 in Puerto Rico who received
the service 369,000 are going to be cut
off as a result of this decision and
they're not going to have access to even
government subsidized communications in
an emergency situation like this another
example of how in very many different
ways the federal government is failing
the people of Puerto Rico you know
what's really interesting is that we're
living in the age of climate change and
everyone who is talking about climate
adaptation resiliency building social
cohesion one of the central things to
making it possible for people to survive
recurrent extreme weather events is a
good communication system and so we just
finished hearing about a report where
people lost their lives because they had
no access to communication they couldn't
get access to health care they couldn't
get access to if you know they had
diabetes and they needed medical care
and so by doing that by dismantling that
and by diminishing that it really
increases the chances that more people
are going to die it increases
vulnerability a destroy social cohesion
and it really is an attack on the
survivability of the Puerto Rican people
and and I think people think of
communications and they don't see the
relationship between the ability for
people to have access to all of their
needs through that system and their
survival and there really is a direct
relationship and that's just one of the
many things
is happening in Puerto Rico to really
make it impossible for people to make it
through
