is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman the
United Nations Human Rights Council has
announced it will hold a special session
Friday to discuss escalating violence in
Gaza after Israeli forces shot dead at
least 61 unarmed Palestinian protesters
taking part in the great march of return
on Monday more than 2,700 Palestinians
were injured this comes just one day
after the US ambassador to the United
Nations nikki Haley blocked a call for
an international investigation into
Israel's actions on Tuesday Haley
repeatedly blamed the violence on Hamas
while praising Israel whom for showing
restraint but a senior Israeli army
spokesperson admitted Tuesday Israel
failed to minimize Palestinian
casualties during the protests this is
Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Cahn Rica's
the international spokesperson in head
of social media for the IDF that's the
Israel Defense Forces speaking at a
briefing organised by the Jewish
Federations of North America Lieutenant
Colonel Connor ekeus also said Hamas
quote wanted the casualties and called
the photos of thousands wounded in Gaza
a knock out publicity win for Hamas
Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman also blamed Hamas at the Gaza
border Wednesday I want to emphasize the
leadership of Hamas was a gang of
cannibals who treat also their own
children as ammunition they have rocket
ammunition there is personal ammunition
and there is a different kind of
ammunition children or women
for more we go to Gaza where we're
joined by the Canadian dr. Terra Klugh
Bani a Monday Israeli forces shot him in
his left leg and right knee while he was
treating gunshot wound patients in Gaza
he was one of 19 medical personnel shot
in Gaza Monday dr. Lebon II is an
emergency room medical doctor associate
professor at Western University in
London Ontario Palestinian refugee and
member of the Gila the glia project
creating open source medical devices for
low resource settings Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau said quote were
appalled that dr. Tariq labonte a
Canadian citizen is among the wounded
along with so many unarmed people
including civilians members of the media
first responders and children Prime
Minister Trudeau called for an immediate
independent investigation into the
killings in Gaza
dr. Tarek Labonte is still in Gaza both
legs shot welcome to Democracy Now thank
you for being with us can you describe
what happened to you on Monday
thank you for having me Amy basically on
Monday I was doing what I've been
trained to do for years I've been a
field medic for quite a while I'm an
emergency physician with a
specialization in trauma
I do trauma work in London Ontario in
Canada where I spend most of the year
and I also do lots of trauma work here I
know where to be I've been around
gunfire an awful lot I've been at
massacres as well such as in Egypt
previously and a few other places and I
tell you I was in fact the least
experienced person on the team when it
came to gunshots the paramedics were
even more experienced than I was
unfortunately we were away from the
protest area about 25 meters west 25
meters south of the protesters we it was
calm everybody was sort of loitering
there were no tires on fire
there was no chaos it was a very
controlled scene we knew where we were
we could see the sniper posts for sure
they could see us
and I was just sort of talking to the
the medical team we were testing out
some medical devices that we've been
trying to make in Gaza because of a
shortage and we had written we had
resupplied because we ran out was very
early in the day and yet we had run out
of our entire supply so we resupplied
that's when unfortunately I heard a loud
bang found myself on the ground and
realized I'd been shot and so what
happened next
the first rescuer who came to me was a
man named Musa a paramedic who is
excellent and who I've trained with and
helped train as well he sort of came
over is like you know look doctor what
have you done to yourself here looked at
my leg cut my pants and started work he
looked at it it was bleeding and he said
what do you think should we put a
tourniquet on it was a good question
because the fact is that had I been
anywhere else in the world I would have
had a turn a key put on but we had such
a shortage there have been so many
injuries to the arms and legs among
protesters that we have a tremendous
shortage of turnkeys which is a belt
that you use I'll show you what after to
basically stop bleeding on people who
have been shot so when he asked me this
I looked and I knew that I needed one
but I thought we only have eight one of
them is in my back pocket I took it out
I threw it to them and I said no use it
for somebody else I knew there were many
more gunshots to come they put a
pressure bandage I bled through it of
course
and the next one of course but still I
ended up being okay I got sent to
another hospital and treated there had I
been in Canada I've asked my trauma
colleagues because I like I said I work
a lot of trauma and Canada and asked my
Canadian colleagues they said yeah you
needed a surgery yeah should have gone
in there cleaned it up explored it you
know etc etc and then kept you in
hospital for a while but in that moment
in Gaza there were so many casualties I
mean I was brought
to the hospital in a vehicle that held
six patients so there are so many
casualties I was literally the least
wounded one and so I was discharged
because everyone knew that the problems
to come from me were gonna be later you
know deal with it at home now dr. Lu
Bonnie what happened to the paramedic
who treated you the one who asked if you
wanted a tourniquet put on your legs
Musab asinine was a great guy I'm
talking about him in the past tense
because about an hour after he rescued
me he ended up going back to the field
on a call and unfortunately he was shot
in the chest there was so much fire
around him and so much live ammunition
that his colleagues couldn't get to him
and couldn't treat him and when they
finally did get to him it was about 20
minutes later the problem he had it's
called a pneumothorax basically air
where it shouldn't be in the chest and
it shouldn't have killed him I knew how
to fix it if I were there I could have
fixed it with literally a Bic pen but
unfortunately he couldn't receive the
treatment he needed and he died he
couldn't receive the treatment he wanted
because there was so much fire by the
Israeli military forces in this area
where the paramedics were that he could
not be tended to by anyone else they
couldn't get around him they couldn't
get to him no there was so much fire
there and anybody who was sort of like
peeked out was shot so even even though
the rule for us is we just don't put
ourselves in a situation where we get
shot we're incredibly careful we're
incredibly careful he was wearing a
high-visibility orange jacket that had
been submitted by the International
Committee of the Red Cross to the
Israeli army as a paramedic service I
was wearing greens Hospital greens we
were all marked in high visibility and
and yet unfortunately
he was shot and his colleagues who were
all highly marked were being targeted
anytime that they showed themselves so
everybody was to the ground until things
calmed down which took about half an
hour dr. Lebon II do you think you do
you think the other paramedics
how many altogether 19 killed or wounded
on much just on Monday alone do you
think you were targeted by the Israeli
military I don't know the answer to that
I don't know what's what orders they
received or what was in their heads
so I can't tell you if we were
deliberately targeted what I can tell
you is the things that I do know in the
six weeks of the March there were no
paramedic casualties and in one day 19
paramedics 18 wounded plus one killed
and myself were all injured so or were
all shot with live ammunition we were
all Moussa was actually in a rescue at
the time but everybody else I've talked
to was like me we were away during a
lull without smoke without any chaos at
all and we were targeted and we were
rather hit by live ammunition most of us
in the lower limbs so it's very very
hard to believe that the Israelis who
shot me and the Israelis who shot my
other colleagues just from our medical
crew four of us were shot including
Moussa bahasa in who passed away it's
very hard to believe that they didn't
know who we were they didn't know what
we were doing and that they were aiming
at anything else dr. Lebon II I want to
ask you about a photo that you posted on
Twitter it shows you and three other men
from last Friday you wrote quote a
haunting photo Friday May 11 left
Mohammad McDon shot in the right ankle
Hasan abou sada Terra Klugh bonny shot
in left leg and right knee
you mean Sione Yousef
luke musa abu hassanein shot in the
thorax and killed volunteer unknown
photographer shot and wounded talked
about this yep yeah so we were that was
a group photo on Friday after the
protests had died down we were there we
had attended to probably a minimum of a
hundred people just our medical crew
there are other medical crews there too
and afterwards one of the guys the
photographer ended up getting shot he's
also paramedic with an interest in
photography said let's take a group shot
when we took it I thought that we were
taking a photo that would be lost in my
photo album I didn't think I would be
taking a photo that predicted the
shootings of four of us and the killing
of one of us that's why for me it was a
haunting photo and that's why for me it
was such a terrible scene I'm I'm
devastated that all of us ended up being
wounded and I'm devastated that I can't
be back on the field but the reality is
that I'm the luckiest one of all of us
because if I want I can leave here I can
go get treatment in Canada if I want and
realistically I just got so lucky with
my gunshot that I'm probably gonna have
the least disability of everybody else
in that photo who did get shot Canadian
Prime Minister your Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau
said we are appalled that doctor Tariq
Levani a Canadian citizen is among the
wounded along with so many unarmed
people including civilians members of
the media first responders and children
the Prime Minister called for an
immediate independent investigation into
the killings in Gaza dr. Lebon II can
you talk about what your prime minister
Justin Trudeau has called for Canada
Belgium France Britain and other
countries and what the US did at the
United Nations this week stopping
an investigation from taking place
I congratulate Prime Minister Trudeau
for representing the Canadian people it
has been a while now that the Canadian
people have felt that there is a problem
in the Gaza Strip and in the West Bank
that there's a problem with the way that
civilians in Gaza are treated both as a
result of the blockade and as a result
of shootings that appear to target
civilians I congratulate the government
of Canada for taking that very
courageous step I'm sure that they're
going to pay a political price for doing
it however what's this investigation
going to reveal what's it gonna tell us
and will it change the lives of the
people in Gaza ultimately the people in
Gaza didn't go out to their protests
because they wanted an investigation
they went out to the protests because
they wanted a change in the conditions
and so I've called on the Canadian
government and when I've spoken to to
the Minister Minister Freeland from the
Canadian government I asked her for an
infrastructure project anything that
will resolve the situation here for
example to deal with the electricity
situation we can put solar power on
hospitals which is a project that I've
been involved in in a small scale we
could do that on a big scale we could do
sewage treatment we could try to relieve
the blockade build a port create a way
for Palestinians to enter an exit these
are things that will improve Palestinian
lives not investigations we don't lack
investigations and frankly while I think
that it will be academically interesting
to add to the record I don't think it
will change Palestinian lives hospitals
in Gaza are continuing to struggle with
the thousands of patients who are
wounded by the Israeli military just
this week alone now again in the six
weeks of these nonviolent protests in
Gaza over a hundred Palestinians have
been killed Oh
twelve thousand wounded this is I'm an
Aussie Bonnie the director of the
emergency room at Shifa Hospital LaVon
Elizabeth or efficient - man hey the
emergency department at Shifa Medical
Center received the biggest number of
these injuries we received almost 500
injuries while the capacity of the
emergency department is 20 beds or 20
injuries we are talking about 25 times
as much about the capacity of the
emergency department with all the big
challenges and the shortage in medicine
and the medical supplies that reach
critical levels
can you talk dr. Terra Klugh Bonnie
about the state of the medical system in
Gaza and the impact of the Israeli
blockade and describe just what that is
were you taken to shift for yourself I
wasn't taken to shifa shifa considered
the premier Hospital in Gaza however by
the time that I was shot if it was well
and thoroughly overloaded there was a
kind of round-robin disaster system and
it was very clear to me that even though
I might have received better terror
Chifa that there was no way that that I
deserved to go there so I was sent to a
different hospital which provided me
great care and did everything that was
needed but was completely overwhelmed as
well every hospital here is overwhelmed
I work at Shifa as a rule I work in that
emergency room with dr. Ayman the one
who you showed and really the situation
there is very dire in normal times in
normal times I don't have the
anesthetics to freeze people when I saw
them in normal times I can't give people
pain medication like morphine in normal
times it's very very hard to find even
gloves for my patients or gauze for my
patients so the situation is terrible in
normal times now that there is this
disaster that is happening this this
disaster unfolding all over Gaza it's
it's been even worse I mean it's gotten
to the point where in fact I had to very
carefully pick who it was that I'd use
gloves on when I was in the field
because we have a shortage
gloves had to pick who I would use
bandage on because we have a shortage of
bandage these things are not supposed to
be caught by the blockade but they are
de facto the hospitals are in a complete
disaster scene and I must say it it
makes it so that my complaints about
lack of supplies and services when I'm
in Canada it makes those complaints
really come into perspective when I'm
here just trying for the absolute basics
I wasn't in chef of that day I have not
been able to go to chef a sense because
I can barely walk today was my first
outing however having said that I have
heard from my colleagues at Shifa
they're devastated they're traumatized
they don't know what to do
they were piling bodies and corners I
mean it's it's terrible they are very
good at what they do but everybody has
limits in every hospital has limits and
if this were downtown New York or
downtown Toronto or downtown any other
metropolis they they would not be able
to deal with the devastation that was
faced you know al-jazeera's reporting
that medics on the ground are saying
Israeli forces are shooting at
demonstrators with a new type of round
and not seen before known as the
butterfly bullet which explodes upon
impact pulverizing tissue arteries and
bone causing severe internal injuries
can you talk about this did you see this
yourself dr. Lu Bonnie when before you
were shot and after uh yes so I didn't
see much after I was shot I've been
recuperating but before I was shot yes
I've seen a lot of this type of bullet
you can even hear the difference because
they sound different and so my heart
always drops when I would hear one of
these bullets come out and hit a patient
and I always knew when we would go to
those patients firstly that they would
certainly need extensive amount of work
both on the field and then in the
hospital and secondly that their lives
would be devastated forever med
south-south frontier Doctors Without
Borders has released a report on the
very unusual injury pattern on the day
that I was wounded I found a photo of a
child who was wounded with one of these
shots which devastated his leg I was
very lucky I was wounded with a regular
bullet that's why I didn't have my leg
amputated that's why I'm lucky however
so many people have had this particular
kind of bullet used on them I don't know
I don't know why that happened I don't
know what particular advantage this
bullet has however functionally on the
field what it means is sheer devastation
polarization of bone near amputation
we're usually carrying the distal parts
the far part where the shot is
separately because it's just so
devastated
dr. Terra Klugh Bonnie final words in
the last 30 seconds we have with you as
you speak to us from Gaza both of your
legs shot your thoughts coming from this
region where the Palestinians say they
will continue to non violently protest I
came here because I really believe in
the idea that every single person
regardless of their race nationality
creed even political beliefs deserves
the best medical care I was not able to
deliver that on on Monday and neither
were my colleagues for the first time in
almost six weeks we saw patients die
preventable deaths on the field and that
should never happen and so I want to see
a Gaza in which two things happen one no
medical person ever feels in danger of
being targeted and to the the root
causes of the protests the devastation
and desperation are addressed in a
direct way by the the international
community and of course by Israel who's
ultimately responsible for Gaza dr.
Terra Klugh Bonnie I want to thank you
for being with us emergency room medical
doctor associate professor at Western
University in London Ontario he is a
Palestinian
eugie a member of the glia project
creating open-source medical devices for
low resource settings treating gunshot
wound patients in Gaza when he was shot
by the Israeli military on Monday this
is democracy now I am Amy Goodman we'll
be back in a minute
