this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm one Gonzales
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world we begin today's show in Gaza
where 18 Palestinians have died after
Israeli forces opened fire Friday on a
protest near the Gaza strips eastern
border with Israel as many as 1,700
Palestinians were wounded the deaths and
injuries came as 30,000 Gaza residents
gathered near the wall as part of a
planned six-week long nonviolent protest
against the blockade of Gaza and to
demand the right of return for
Palestinian refugees the protests began
on Friday March 30th which is known as
land day the annual event marks the
anniversary of the March 30th 1976
killing of six Palestinians protesting
the Israeli occupation of Arab land
video posted online shows unarmed
Palestinians being shot in the back
while taking part in Friday's protest
another 49 Palestinians were injured by
Israeli forces on Saturday is really
been condemned around the world but
Israel is rejecting calls to investigate
the killings meanwhile at the United
Nations the u.s. blocked a move by the
UN Security Council to open an
investigation Riyad Mansour the
Palestinian ambassador to the United
Nations condemned Israel's actions these
peaceful demonstrators posed no threats
whatsoever to Israel or its heavily
armed soldiers yet it's trigger-happy
soldiers used live ammunition tear gas
and rubber bullets to shoot in-district
indiscriminately at those nonviolent
protesters who were demonstrating inside
the Gaza Strip near their side of the
well fortified barrier that separates
them from Israel how could that we could
do
Israel has defended its use of lethal
force
captain Karen Hodge F of the head of
public diplomacy in the Israel Defense
Forces what we've seen over the last 24
hours is anything other than a peaceful
protest what we've seen is a violent
riot in its clearest form the Hamas
terrorist organization have sent their
people here to camouflage their true
intentions and we've seen that on the
ground just behind where I'm standing
right now we go first to Gaza City to
attorney Rogers irani director of the
Palestinian Center for Human Rights in
Gaza
he received the Robert F Kennedy Human
Rights Award in 1991 he was also twice
named an amnesty international prisoner
of conscience
Raja surrani take us back to land a to
Friday and talk about what took place
dozens after 11 years of criminal
illegal human seed with suffocated Gaza
socially economically and after three
words where Israel was targeting in the
eye of the storm the Hessian civilians
and civilian targets this time where
Israel didn't allow rebuilding Gaza and
denied us from our basic rights
I mean at that level we are not able to
treat our water or our sewage Gaza after
11 years of siege having 65% unpaid or
unemployed having 90 percent under
poverty line and 85% depends on under
operation so this shifted us to be
national figures in a biggest man-made
disaster two million people are crippled
not because we are lazy we have one of
the highest percent of university
graduates and we have one of the most
fantastic skilled workers and we have no
in literacy
but with that they didn't allow us to
function normally and they decided to
disconnect us from the with banking from
the outside world and invested or
reasons to make Gaza really I mean Isis
space where people lose hope no future
no opportunity for any level or by any
chance so so people wanted after all
this conspiracy of silence after all
this pain and suffering to demonstrate
for their dignity for them right of
having a name for this criminal illegal
in human seed which all international
human rights organizations all human
bodies and all word civil society denied
and the dance and condemned Israel of
practicing F they just wanted to have a
rowdy crime we have we want to have an
end we want to be free we want to have
no access to the outside world we want
to be normal this is incredible what's
going on and people just decided to
resort inland day to a peaceful means
peaceful demonstration and they went in
hundreds of thousands many woman young
old from every morning everybody burst
and went to very specific points
designated by the political parties to
demonstrate and all political parties
declared and committed themselves to
have it clearly peaceful I personally
was that I was on the border with the
people from the early morning I can
assure you hundred person what I have
seen what I witnessed what I found what
all our field workers cross the Gaza
Strip filmed and watched and unnoticed
that this was 100 percent
peaceful demonstrations nothing not well
had happened all people were away from
the fence tens of meters between fifty
two hundred meter at least and as
Rayleigh sort on the other side 100 to
150 I can assure you one harvest on this
day not a single Israeli soldier were
hurt or injured or sure but we have
almost 1500 people injured many of them
in critical conditions many of those any
critical conditions are children and we
have sixteen that day we are talking
about purity still millions people
peaceful demonstration it was very
costly Israel wanted to people to have
the retract for the dozen Toro to
retaliate to retaliate in violent way
but people were committed to this notion
peaceful peaceful menstruation and they
wanted to show their moral superiority
on criminal aggressive occupation who do
flagrantly war crimes and crimes against
humanity on the daylight in front of the
media it wasn't a mean hide and
challenge one single variant was taken
by the demonstrators at that day it was
for us day of bright and day of
challenge for this years of occupation
Roger sir Ronnie we're gonna break and
then come back to this discussion Roger
sir Ronnie award-winning human rights
lawyer activist director of the
Palestinian Center for Human Rights
in Gaza he is on the Executive Board of
the International Federation for Human
Rights
Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award
winner this is democracy now when we
come back we'll continue our discussion
about what took place in Gaza
it's believed 18 people killed by
Israeli forces on Friday more than a
thousand wounded stay with us is
democracy now I'm Amy Goodman with Juan
Gonzalez as we continue to look at the
crisis in Gaza where 18 Palestinians
were killed after Israeli forces opened
fire Friday on a protest near the Gaza
Strip eastern border with Israel as many
as 1,700 Palestinians were wounded in
addition to human rights activist Rogers
irani director of the Palestinian Center
for Human Rights in Gaza City who was
there on Friday we are also joined by
Diana Bhutto in the Israeli city of
Haifa she has served as a legal adviser
to the Palestinians and negotiations
with Israel previously an advisor to
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and
in Washington DC were joined by the
Israeli peace activist and writer
Michael pellet his father was an Israeli
general a military governor of the Gaza
Strip and a member of parliament in 1997
his niece was killed in a suicide attack
in Jerusalem one I'd like to bring in
the Diana bhutesu to talk about the the
claims of the Israeli Defense Forces one
that the protesters are turned violent
and also that most of the people killed
were young men between the ages of 18
and 30 including several folks that they
have identified as Hamas leaders could
you respond to that portion of what the
Israelis have claimed the Israelis are
going to try to claim that this was I
didn't bought a peaceful protest because
they have no way of justifying what it
is that they did I think it's important
want to keep in mind exactly the layout
of Gaza Strip we've got the Gaza Strip
which is completely fortified on both
the north and eastern side by an
electrified fence and that in addition
to that electrified fence that people
cannot pass Israel has imposed a 350
here about a thousand foot buffer zone
that is unmarked in that area as well
and that buffer zone or that no-go zone
is an area where it Palestinians go
there they will be shot by the Israeli
army and so their claim is that they
were somehow trying to protect Israel
but first it was no there was absolutely
no side whatsoever that there was any
any of that sort of thing and then
secondly the type of of force and the
weaponry that was used they made it
clear from the day before the protest
was taking place but they were going to
use live ammunition to shoot to kill and
they announced as much by saying that
they were going to be using and putting
forth a hundred snipers on the border
that day so the idea that this is
somehow not a peaceful protest
it's simply their attempt at revision of
chantrey video footage and all the
pollution is coming out of Gaza has
clearly demonstrated the opposite in
terms of the people who were killed
there were people the vast majority of
people are all the people who are
children under the age of 30 because
that is the composition the Gaza Strip
right now more than 50% of the
population is under the age of 18 years
of age so when Israel was shooting out
was a child population the defense with
population and civilian population and a
refugee population and they made it very
clear that they were shooting to kill
and so they did on Saturday the Israeli
army tweeted yesterday we saw 30,000
people we arrived prepared and with
precise reinforcements
nothing was carried out uncontrolled
everything was accurate and measured and
we know where every bullet landed the
tweet was later deleted the Israeli
human rights group B'Tselem said that
tweet was akin to saying israeli army
takes full responsibility for the
killing of all unarmed protesters and
the injuring a hunt of hundreds with
live ammunition
Rossi's irani in gaza your response to
what Israel is saying
and the fact that Israel's saying they
will not investigate this despite what
the UN Security Council is calling for
created and my experience for the last
40 years as practicing lawyer and the
Israeli legal system never ever I mean
they hold accountable anybody on him for
crimes you know being committed vice
versa I mean even with the cases we
submitted once and again I mean all the
way long they're a legal system and
provided full legal cover for organized
systematic crimes perpetrated by the
Israeli occupation army on the other
side Israel never cooperated with any
investigation committee ever by the UN
or any other body they only recognize
their justice and they know how to
justify for themselves
all these willful killings and crimes
they are perpetrating against
international law we do act according to
very simple formula supported by
international community there is facts
standards conclusions the facts we know
I mean we are living here and I think we
have enough credibility and
professionalism to say this is peaceful
demonstration and Palestinians can be
they can be peaceful we are not
terrorists we are freedom fighters
we are romantic revolutionary we have
absolute into the birthright of be free
of occupation and the history never ever
spoke about just or fair occupational
it's vice-versa the Israeli occupation
should by default
I mean how criminal they are now the
demonstrations were peaceful and the
Israeli army before this Friday in a
clear-cut way
Relations spokesperson our spokespersons
and and difficult army and security
leaders said we are going to use the
snipers we are going to kill any who
come close to the borders peaceful or
not and these statements are on the
record believe me believe me Amy I was
there it can be me who was shot and
killed or injured it should not area
numbers
snipers are hundreds of meters away and
they are shooting picking people like
elements I mean shooting at them for no
reason whatsoever
I mean you can see people
I mean falling down among those peaceful
demonstrators you know one injured one
killed one in the back of his head one
in his spine and you don't know I mean
we're unit area number can be so Israel
really committed very intentionally
crime they did willful killing this was
in advance has been decided
I'd like to also bring in my co-pilot an
Israeli peace activist wanted to get
your response to the to the current
violence and also if you could talk as
you have often talked about the
treatment of Palestinians who are who
live within Israel who are Israeli
citizens and yet they are also continue
to suffer under Israeli rule sure yes I
mean look the the issue here is is is a
threat to the Israeli legitimacy as long
as this humanitarian catastrophe
continues to fester there is a threat to
the story that Israel somehow has
legitimacy and the people have to pay
the price are the Palestinians and so
when they dare to stand and they're
there to challenge the claim that Israel
has legitimacy then they have to be shot
the only reason that there's such
poverty in the Gaza Strip their only
reason there's such poverty in the neck
up desert
Palestinians have Israeli citizenship
the only reason the Palestinians who
have Israeli citizenship are on the
lowest the lowest level you know the
very bottom of the economic totem pole
with in what is called legitimate is
so-called legitimate Israel is because
they are Israel wants them either dead
or out because as long as they survive
as long as they are there there's a
challenge to the legitimacy of the State
of Israel if the existence of the State
of Israel comes at a cost of what we see
in Gaza then there cannot be legitimacy
and this is why they're killing so the
claim that somehow there is a threat to
Israel from Gaza or a threat to Israel
from any Palestinians who never had an
army who never had a tank who never had
an f-16 fighter plane is is nonsense the
threat is that people will see that
Israel has no legitimacy that the price
for the establishment and the existence
of the State of Israel is Palestinian
suffering is Palestine refugees is the
ongoing killing of Palestinians the
denial of their rights denial of their
right to water and and in a normal life
I mean 2 million people in Gaza live
without access to clean water or medical
care the same goes for Palestinians who
are citizens of Israel who are who have
no access to clean water and other
services so this this it's an insult to
the intelligence really when they start
to claim that some of this or any of the
other Palestinian protests around
Palestine at any at any point in time
were somehow a threat and this nonsense
claimed that somehow Hamas was behind it
and did not declare their intentions
their intentions are very clear it was a
non-violent protest it was designed in
order to remind people the Palestinians
have a right to return and they want to
return to their lands and their homes
the lands from which they goose in in
many cases they can see from the border
of the Gaza Strip and the bottom line is
that we have Palestinians a young
Palestinian child in Gaza with a curable
disease will die whereas the young
Israeli child a few miles away will live
because Israel has declared it has the
right to decide who lives and dies
it'sit'sit's you know this is the
reality it's a question of legitimacy
Kumiko Pelin you're in this
son of an Israeli general the uncle of
your niece was killed in a suicide
bombing in Jerusalem what is the
response right now of the Israeli people
I mean you have this nonviolent
demonstration 18 Palestinians gunned
down more than a thousand have been
wounded look if we want to see what
Israeli society thinks we all we need to
do is look at the makeup of the Israeli
Knesset of the Israeli Parliament and
the Israeli government because Israelis
vote in very high numbers so from time
to time as in this case you see a few
hundred people protesting there a few
hundred Israelis protesting here but the
vast majority of Israelis support the
government support its actions and call
for more and more violence they see this
as completely justified if you look at
the Israeli press the narrative is that
these were clashes if there was somehow
violent intentions on the part of the
Palestinians they're completely locked
in step behind what the government
spokespeople are saying so this is what
the Israelis think Israelis agree to
this they voted for these people and
it's not like it's only Netanyahu
Netanyahu's a broad coalition and broad
support all over you know the among
politicians among the press and among
people in the street it's a very very
very it's a very sad state of affairs
within Israeli society because there is
support for this if Israelis wanted to
end the siege on Gaza they could be out
there in hundreds of thousands
protesting or vote for somebody else
they support this 100% the United
Nations secretary-general Antonio
Guterres has called for an independent
transparent investigation into the Gaza
bloodshed
however on Sunday the Israeli Defense
Minister Avigdor Lieberman told Israel's
public radio that there will not be an
inquiry he said quote from the
standpoint of the Israeli Defense Force
soldiers they did what they had to be
done I think all of our troops deserve a
commendation ROG ISA Ronnie can you
respond as we wrap up what you're
calling for and your response to what
the Israeli military is saying I know
[Music]
2008/9 and i know the victims of 2012
and i know the victims of 2014 and we
know what Israel is doing on day to day
basis I resent those civilian victims I
represented them all my life and I know
what Israel doing and what quality and
kind of crimes they are doing Israel
doing a cleansing in Jerusalem for
Palestinians the Christians and Muslims
Israel building a new brand of apartheid
the West Bank and in Gaza with the siege
they are doing social economical
suffocation that's the hardest of 25
years of Oslo Accords which was intended
to end by having a Palestinian
self-determination independent and stake
in Gaza Bank and Jerusalem Lieberman
first class criminal I can assure you
one thing one day he will stand for
justice and he will be hold accountable
for all crimes and orders he gave to
those criminal soldiers new to the chain
of command we we want to push us for one
thing to give up to be good victims
never ever we will give up and we will
continue the fight for our freedom for
our dignity for our people for our right
to be free to have an end for this
criminal occupation and assisted in a
bursary they want to steal tomorrow from
us but tomorrow is ours right
side of history and that will happen
irrelevant to what Lieberman is saying
our people so determined to go with this
