this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman Environmental Protection
Agency administrator Scott Pruett is
again facing a slew of ethics and
spending scandals amidst mounting calls
for his resignation on Thursday The
Washington Post reports Pruitt enlisted
members of his 3.5 million dollar
security detail
to pick up his dry cleaning and search
for his favorite skin moisturizing
lotion even though federal rules
prohibit public officials from receiving
gifts from subordinates including unpaid
services
this comes after congressional
transcript surfaced showing Pruitt had
one of his top aides Milan hop go
apartment hunting for him in violation
of federal ethics standards Hoppe was
also instructed to try to get Pruitt a
used mattress from the Trump
International Hotel after Washington
Post broke the story hub announced her
resignation
her last day is today also resigning
amidst the mounting scandals is Pruitt
senior counsel Sarah Greenwald who
traveled internationally across the u.s.
with Scott Pruett as he met with
industry officials and foreign diplomats
meanwhile Pruitt has also faced
criticism after it's surfaced his former
scheduler contacted the chief executive
of chick-fil-a seeking to set up a
personal meeting about the possibility
of Pruitt's wife Marilyn opening a
franchise of the fast-food chain the
revelation is based on emails obtained
by a Freedom of Information Act request
filed by the Sierra Club on Wednesday
journalist Jessica Smith published a
video of her questioning Pruitt about
the chick-fil-a scandal with great
change comes you know I think opposition
I mean there's significant change that's
happening across not only the EPA but
across this administration it's needed
and look my wife is an entrepreneur
herself I love she loves we love we
chick-fil-a is a franchise of faith and
it's one of the best in the country and
so that's something we were very excited
about so and we need more of them in
Tulsa we need more of them across the
country so anyway it's it's an exciting
time the New York Times has also
reported in recent days Pruitt attended
a University of Kentucky basketball game
last December in seats belonging to
Joseph W Kraft the third a billionaire
Kohl executive who is aggressively
fighting to reverse Obama era rules
limiting coal pollution all these new
scandals come as Pruitt was already
facing at least a dozen investigations
over spending and ethics violations
ranging from his close ties to industry
lobbyists to illegal spending of public
money meanwhile Pruitt is continuing to
radically reshape the Environmental
Protection Agency the New York Times
reports today the EPA has given the
chemical industry a big victory by
scaling back the way the federal
government determines health and safety
risks associated with the most dangerous
chemicals on the market Pruitt has also
been accused of radically reshaping the
EPA rule making process and weakening
Obama administration efforts to tighten
fuel economy standards among others for
more we're joined by Robert Weitzman
president of Public Citizen last year
Public Citizen launched corporate
cabinet org a website tracking the
corporate connections and conflicts of
interest of trumps cabinet appointees
but Rob today we're going to focus on
Scott Pruett we're gonna divide this
into two parts talk about the this slew
of scandals and then we'll talk about
what some consider the greatest scandal
and it is the rolling back of
environmental protection Rob Wiseman
thanks Amy it's good to be with you and
your viewers and listeners you know if
you listened to the introduction you
just gave
I don't Washington is very familiar with
people who come and try to self enrich
themselves from the taxpayer pot but I
don't think we've ever seen anything
like Scott Pruett that list of examples
most of which have just emerged in the
last week or two I don't think there's
any but everybody anything like that and
they're more you know last weekend came
out that he was buying $130 pens because
he thinks he needs to write with $130
pens and what we've seen is a guy who
first of all has no respect for the
taxpayer and his duty to be frugal and
guard taxpayer assets but more
importantly a guy who thinks that he
should live like the billionaire's that
he's serving you know he's hanging out
with these super-rich people and he
doesn't see himself any different than
them they get to fly around all over the
world whatever they want to do you know
huh on luxury planes and and so should
he and they get to sit at the front row
of college basketball games and so
should he they get to hat eat in fine
restaurants whenever they want without
regard to paying and so should he one of
the other stories has come out in the
last couple of days is he's going over
to the white house dining hall so
frequently because there's great food
there at a very low price sort of luxury
level food at McDonald's prices and they
told him stop coming you're coming here
too often and so there's this
unbelievable degree of entitlement and
desire for luxury which is not
appropriate for a government official
but I think it does connect to the
second strand of what you're talking
about part of the reason he thinks he's
entitled to this besides his own
megalomania is he's hanging out with
people who live like this and he doesn't
see why he shouldn't be able to do the
same thing can you talk about the women
who've just resigned his top aides
lawyer and assistant right well these
are people he brought over with him from
Oklahoma he was formerly the Oklahoma
Attorney General and he used them in
considerable part to take care and tend
to his personal whims and desires you
know one of these aides who had was
effectively his executive assistant but
it had a high-level title and a high
paying job was scheduling his personal
trips you know he wanted to go to the
Rose Bowl so she she worked that out
then it emerged as you were
the last few days she actually was
looking for apartments for him she
visited at least 10 apartments the House
Oversight Committee discovered to try to
find one for him after he got thrown out
of the the flophouse he had the super
discount deal from a lobbyist or
lobbyist wife well laid explain that I
mean that that deal that he had was
staying in the building of an energy
lobbyists wife getting a deal from an
energy lobbyist in essence paying $50 a
night when he was there but the room was
held off one for him always the
apartment yeah that's exactly as you
said so he's paying $50 a night which is
let's say below market rates here in
Washington DC
he wasn't even paying every night he's
only paying for the nights he stayed and
that wasn't as many as you might think
because he is jetting all around the
country in the world to attend to his
desires and whims the you know the
discount deal was being provided by a
lobbyist couple the husband had business
before the Environmental Protection
Agency which was a fact deny but now
revealed in fact just revealed in the
last few days as the husband had to
change and fully disclose on his Lobby
forms what he'd been doing and she's
just never been anything like this so
there are some hard ethics questions in
Washington DC but none of the things
involving Scott Pruett are hard ethics
questions and again they're just
startling kinds of misbehavior but
they're startling kinds of misbehavior
that matter not just because like what
does he need $130 pens for but because
he's doing favors for the people who are
conferring benefits on him three and a
half million dollars in security I want
to turn to a postcard addressed to Scott
Pruett sent to the EPA Seattle office
last year the postcard featured an image
of a man standing on an iceberg it read
quote dear mr. Pruit climate change is
real we're watching you for the sake of
our planet our children and our
grandchildren will you be a reasonable
man I repeat we are watching you it was
signed by seven
first names of women well this postcard
is on the potential list of potential
threats to Pruitt's safety that the epa
used to justify a 24/7 security detail
that has cost taxpayers at least three
and a half million dollars right it's
just part of the grandiose story around
Scott Pruett so he's got this 24/7
security detail that former EPA
administers administrators have not had
and for which he has no reason he uses
these people to sort of create a bubble
around himself when he travels to put on
screaming sirens and take him to his
favorite restaurants in Washington DC to
protect him from citizens who might come
up to him and complain about what he's
doing and as you say to do weird things
like find his favorite moisturizer so
let's turn to this latest news we're
gonna take a break and then come back to
it and that is one of the top headlines
today top story of the one of the New
York Times the Trump administration
after heavy lobbying by the chemical
industry scaling back the way the
federal government determines health and
safety risks associated with some of the
most dangerous chemicals in the market
we'll be back with Robb Weitzman
president of Public Citizen this is
democracy now I'm Amy Goodman as we
continue to look at the record of Scott
Pruett is he about to resign or be fired
that's the question the New York Times
reporting today the EPA has given the
chemical industry a big victory by
scaling back the way the federal
government determines health and safety
risks associated with the most dangerous
chemicals on the market EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett has also been
accused of radically reshaping the EPA
rulemaking process weakening Obama
administration efforts to tighten fuel
economy standards still with us Robb
Weitzman president of Public Citizen
Robb talk about this latest news about
the chemicals in the air we breathe in
the soil in the water we drink yeah this
is the real outrage so the stuff we were
just talking about
that's funny for the soap operas and it
is crazy outrageous in its way but it's
not really hurting people in the same
way this is so this breaking news from
the New York Times is that the agency
the EPA is going to change
it assesses chemical safety it's now
looking at beginning a new process after
a recently passed law of evaluating the
safety of chemicals that have long been
on the market it's looking first at
10:00 and then is going to go on to
others and it's a short version is it's
changing the way it's going to do it so
that chemicals will be deemed safer than
the otherwise would have been it'll be
higher levels of exposure will be
possible more use of dangerous chemicals
will be possible how do they get there
well this is the real scandal to EPA the
person in charge of the review is an
industry chemist who came from the
chemical industry trade association
she's now in charge of setting up the
process so she is delivering for the
agency from which she wants came the
impact is going to be on people whose
names we don't yet know but people will
die as a result of this so when you look
at what they're doing at the in the
chemical industry or how Pruett and his
top aides are benefiting the coal
industry or enabling more air pollution
or taking care of the agribusiness
industry or making sure we've got more
oil and gas burning going on he is
enabling a kind of corporate violence
that will kill literally tens of
thousands of people every single year we
don't know their names but they will die
he is looking at rolling back on behalf
of the oil and dirty energy industries
an air pollution standard which one air
pollution standard that is expected to
save 11,000 lives every year and prevent
130,000 asthma attacks every year again
when those things happen going forward
if he succeeds in rolling back this rule
almost no one's gonna go back and say
look it was Scott Pruett who enabled
this it was the guy
it was the industry that polluted in my
neighborhood that forced my child to
have an asthma attack people don't think
that way but it is what happens so it is
a crime and a violence that is
equivalent to street crime except it's a
much more gigantic scale than anything
that the biggest mass murderer could
ever hope to accomplish we wanted to go
back to a story we covered last week
officials with the EPA barring multiple
journalists from covering summit
on water contamination at the EPA's DC
headquarters with one journalist
reporting she was shoved out of the
building by security guards the
reporters were from CNN The Associated
Press ena News the journalist who was
shoved ellen nick meyer of AP was
ultimately allowed into the meeting in
the afternoon
the meeting was about nationwide water
contamination from the chemicals pfoa
and PhD a flan and firefighting foam the
attempt to exclude some journalists from
the meeting comes as EPA Administrator
Scott Pruett who spoke at the meeting
waves of course facing the slew of
scandals around him we had an extended
conversation about this this is about a
truck people trying to get a report
released of areas communities around
industrial sites around military bases
that fear this contamination yeah that's
right so the the big story at EPA in
this regard is because scott pruett
suggesting care of the polluters and the
donors and of course himself full-stop
has nothing to do with science has
nothing to do with evidence and won't
let evidence get in the way of what he's
trying to do they don't want any media
coverage of what they're doing they
don't want internal staff to tell the
truth so they're pushing out as many
people as they can and even in one case
trying to hire a PR agency to
effectively do external scrutiny of
their internal employees to see who
might be trying to do their job they
don't want anyone to mention climate
change the biggest threat facing
humanity and they're stripping from
their data sets information on climate
change they are refusing to consider
real science and their rulemaking
processes and now trying to change the
overall rulemaking process so to exclude
important parts of environmental science
and public health science they are
working in every possible way they can
to reach predetermined results on behalf
of polluters you know if for a long time
the the deregulatory forest is in the
country say look well all we want is
more evidence let's just do more studies
let's do more studies and studies was
the sort of their excuse for why they
should delay the next regulatory
protection but now that they've got
control of power they want nothing to do
with evidence they want nothing to do
with science they just want to get to
their predetermined outcome which is
enabling polluters to pollute more and
as I said it is an outrage and it's not
just an outrage because you know the
error is going to be dirtier in the
abstract it's an outrage because real
people are going to suffer and the real
people it's all of us but as is normally
the case it will be concentrated in
low-income communities and people of
color communities where the most
hazardous sites exist where the most
pollution goes on and where the
communities have the least local power
the fight back to women on Wednesday
Elena plot a journalist with the
Atlantic reported she was castigated by
EPA spokesperson Johan Cox when she
asked for comment on the resignation of
one of Pruitt's top aides wilcox
reportedly told plot you're a piece of
trash meanwhile a former top attorney
for the chemical industry has been named
to lead the Environmental Protection
Agency's Superfund task force Stephen
cook who worked for two decades at the
chemical giant land Elbe cell think
progress reports Cook will now be
responsible for overseeing the cleanup
of Superfund sites polluted by his
former employer Rob yeah so both those
stories are reflective of what's going
on at the EPA the first again this
hostility to journalists for just
reporting on what's going on again also
following a lead from the White House of
course and in the second part of this
grand story throughout the Trump
administration of bringing in industry
to be in charge of industry officials or
formal officials or former lawyers for
industry to then come into government
and be in charge of regulating the
companies that they once worked for it's
not just this guy from the chemical
industry it's also this chemical
industry science I mentioned
as I mentioned it's also a cold August
who's now the number two at EPA can talk
about this so this it for him to be
number two that means if Scott Pruett is
forced out that's right on that andrew
wheeler who's worked for nearly a decade
on behalf of fossil fuel companies
including the coal company Murray Energy
approved by the Senate in April becomes
second-in-command and would become the
EPA Administrator at least for a time is
that right yeah that's exactly right I
mean we absolutely think that scott
pruett should be impeached it's a bit of
a power game now in DC to see if he can
hold on the White House wants him to go
but not the most important person in the
White House the president increasingly
members of Republican members of
Congress are saying look this is just an
embarrassment we got to get rid of this
guy so and we think Congress should do
its duty and force them out through
impeachment but we have to be honest and
recognize what that means we're going to
probably have Pruitt exit the scene and
have a coal industry lobbyists come and
be in charge of the EPA finally Pruitt
rolling back Obama era fuel standards
very briefly if you could explain what
that is so the most important thing that
President Obama did to deal with climate
change was not the clean power plan it
was increasing the fuel efficiency
standards for for cars and trucks it was
being done in two phases and going it's
just a win-win it's going to massively
reduce the amount of carbon pollution
that goes in the air by also reducing
the amount of gas that our cars need
it's going to save consumers a huge
amount of money Pruitt is now trying to
roll back the second phase of that the
cost and dollar terms to consumers would
be more than a hundred billion dollars
let alone the impact on climate change
well Rob Weissman I want to thank you
for being with us president of Public
Citizen last year Public Citizen
launched corporate cabinet org website
tracking the corporate connections and
conflicts of interests of the Trump
cabinet appointees this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman
you
