[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with part 2 of our
discussion about what just took place in
Minnesota where a court has acquitted
three anti pipeline activists who broke
into an oil pipeline facility intending
to cut off the flow of tar sands oil
coming into the United States from
Canada the so-called Valve Turner's
Annette Clapp Stein and Emily Johnston
along with a support person Benjamin
Joel ders ma are part of the group
climate direct action
Emily Johnston a poet and co-founder of
350 Seattle org and a net clap Stein
retired attorney for the pre-lab tribe
and member of the raging grannies
they're joining us from Minneapolis
along with their attorney Kelsey Skaggs
and dr. James Hansen the former top
climate scientist at NASA who came to
Minnesota to testify in their trial the
judge said no to his expert testimony
but then acquitted the valve Turner's so
I wanted to begin with Emily to go back
in time this action actually took place
exactly two years ago in October of 2016
you were in this was the time of the
heat of the presidential election it was
also the standoff at Standing Rock and
everything that was happening against
the Dakota access pipeline in North
Dakota Emily talk about why you chose to
do what you did and what the different
actions were in different states from
Washington to Montana to where you were
in Minnesota and exactly where you were
when you engaged in the civil
disobedience sure we did our action in
Minnesota in Clearwater County and the
other we are friends that were working
with us shut down pipelines in North
Dakota Montana and Washington State this
was all the major tar sands crude
pipelines coming into the u.s. from
Canada and we did it because tar sands
are a disaster for the climate and we
are
all terrified of the effects of climate
change that is already happening in the
world we know with the increased
hurricanes wildfires droughts floods etc
and we know that it's going to get much
much worse especially if we don't stop
burning tar sands as soon as possible
let's go to another valve Turner Leonard
Higgins speaking as he closed the valve
at the sight of spectra Energy's Express
pipeline in coal banks Landing Montana
back in well just when you did at
October of 2016 I'm in coal banks
Montana just north of the Missouri River
at a block valve on the spec spectra
Express pipeline
it carries tar sands oil from Canada
down into the US for refining and we
have to stop especially burning coal and
tar sands oil they are major emitters of
the carbon dioxide that is causing the
planet to heat in Paris 192 nations
agreed that we need to keep global
warming to a limit of 1.5 degrees
centigrade and it's obvious from the
science what we're hearing that we're
gonna blow right past that and we're in
a state of emergency to protect our
loved ones and our families our
communities
we need to separate the citizens and
take action where our leaders are not
and so that's what I prefer to do when I
close about along with the other team
that was valve Turner Leonard Higgins
who was found guilty of criminal
mischief and misdemeanor criminal
trespass a sentenced to three years
deferred imprisonment meaning he won't
serve jail time
Higgins conviction has been appealed on
the basis that he was denied a necessity
defense and we're going to talk more
about the necessity defense with our
guests but I want to go to another valve
Turner Michael foster speaking again
back in October 2016 exactly two years
ago as he went to shut down a valve for
TransCanada's Keystone pipeline in
Walhalla North Dakota his own pipeline
North Dakota a Michael foster in order
to preserve life as we know it in
civilization give us a fair chance and
our kids a fair chance I'm taking action
as a citizen I am duty-bound that was
Michael foster convicted a criminal
mischief conspiracy to commit criminal
mischief both of which are felonies as
well as criminal trespass a misdemeanor
he was sentenced to three years to
deferred for which he served six months
Michael Foster's conviction has been
appealed on the question of the
application of state law
Sam Jessup who live streamed Foster's
action was convicted of conspiracy to
commit criminal mischief and conspiracy
trespass and was required to pay $5,000
restitution we just heard from Emily
johnston annette claps teen you and
Emily were engaged in this action at the
same time in another state in Minnesota
what went into your decision to leave
you live in Washington State is that
right and to go to Minnesota to engage
in this knowing you could face very dire
consequences for what you did I feel
that as an older person this is my job I
need to step up to protect future
generations who have no chance at a
decent life if we don't very rapidly
turn around what we are doing to the
climate I'm a member of a group called
the Seattle raging grannies we are all
about protecting the future for our
grandchildren from a host of issues but
we decided in 2012 the it's an
international group and we decided in
2012 across all of the groups in Canada
and the US that climate change had to be
our number one issue that we had to
address so I do feel that I had no
choice
that my conscience would not let me do
otherwise than do everything in my power
to turn this around because our plan
system is absolutely not addressing it
and explain what the necessity defense
is and what it meant that you were
allowed to offer that defense though
ultimately your expert witnesses like
who you're sitting next to right now
James Hanson were denied the necessity
defense in very short hand is when you
basically plead that you technically did
do a crime but you did it to prevent a
greater harm so in this case yes you
know we did technically cut some chains
on some enclosures technically that is a
crime but we did it to prevent the
overwhelming harm that is going to
happen to everyone on this planet I will
let our lawyer Kelsie Skaggs get into
the more technical version of it but but
this you know this comes out of English
common law and basically the example
that's usually used is there's a burning
building there's a child in it you break
in and you know save the child and are
charged with burglary and you come out
and say well yes technically I did
commit burglary because I had to break
in but I did it to save a child's life
and we have a planet that's on fire and
all of our children are going to burn if
we don't do something about it so Kelsie
Skaggs you're the attorney for the valve
Turner's who just got acquitted explain
the necessity defense was allowed for to
be presented but the expert witnesses
like dr. Hanson like Bill McKibben were
not allowed to speak that's correct so a
year ago we received a ruling in this
case allowing us to present the
necessity defense which as annette
mentioned means that you get to argue
that you acted to prevent a greater harm
a lesser evil and that you didn't have a
legal means available to do that to
prevent that harm and that what you did
was effective so it's an old legal
argument and it's also a very good fit
for climate change-related protest cases
like this case unfortunately directly
before the trial was set to begin the
judge issued another ruling that was
contradictory to the ruling of a year
ago in which he said that we would be
prevented from calling expert witnesses
to talk about the issues of climate
change or civil disobedience
now obviously both of those issues are
central to this case so it was a real
real blow to our ability to effectively
present the climate necessity defense I
want to go to another valve Turner Ken
Ward who shut off the Kinder Morgan
Trans Mountain pipeline in Anacortes
Washington as part of the coordinated
effort this is from the film Valve
Turner's I have been charged by the
prosecuting attorney for Skagit County
Washington with four crimes
burglary criminal trespass sabotage an
assemblage of saboteurs for my action
last Tuesday closing a safety valve on
the trends mountain pipeline and
blocking the flow of Canadian tar sands
oil from Alberta to the Hanna cordis
refineries there is no question about
what I did i alive streamed it and you
can see the video @ww set it down today
the only question is whether what I did
was an appropriate and practical
response to what President Obama
recently described as the terrifying
climate conditions so that was valve
Turner Ken Ward in a split verdict Ward
was found guilty of one count of
burglary and sentenced to time served on
30 days of community service
his conviction has been appealed on the
basis that he was denied a necessity
defense and will be heard by a
Washington appeals court in November I
wanted to ask Emily Johnston about the
map of pipelines that you are all
targeting and did you talk to each other
deciding which pipelines you would all
try to shut down two years ago in
October just in the lead-up to the
November
yes we sure did we needed to do a fair
amount of research to know exactly where
we should go and which pipelines were
where and where all these pipelines came
into the US and as it turns out the math
of that was that we the amount of oil we
shut down for about a day was the
equivalent of 15 percent of u.s. daily
oil consumption so it was substantial
and we had not realized that in advance
so explain Enbridge's role here and is
it just Enbridge that you're targeting
for people who are not familiar with
pipeline politics in the United States I
mean for example energy transfer
partners which owns the Dakota access
pipeline or starting taking the back and
fracked oil from the back in oil fields
of North Dakota ultimately headed to the
Gulf you have
Enbridge the pipelines you targeted
explain what the Enbridge corporation is
it's a Canadian company tar sands
company and not all of the pipelines
belong to Enbridge just ours in
Minnesota did at the time and now they
also own the one in Montana so like
Keystone XL that's what you a lot of
people have heard of that's TransCanada
another tar sands pipeline company we
chose to target the tar sands not so
much the specific companies because they
are so incredibly dirty and carbon
intensive and we also hoped precisely
that by doing the action in four states
we knew we would get four chances at
getting the necessity defense and it was
very important to us to try and put our
story and the testimony of our expert
witnesses in front of a jury you know in
part one of our discussion Emily you
said at the end you were very
disappointed that you couldn't introduce
your expert witnesses people might have
been surprised because unlike in these
other cases of your Co activists across
the country you were acquitted and yet
you talked about how disappointed you
were explained yeah it's it's a very
complex feeling really because we are
grateful not to be going to prison and
it's
not to have a felony charge but the
truth is we didn't do this in order to
get away with something and we were
fully prepared to go to jail what we
really wanted to do was to bring this
case again before a jury of our peers
and have make change through the
judicial system and there many people
have attempted to do this around climate
change it's come very close several
times now and we thought we were going
to be able to do that so it's pretty
heartbreaking all of our expert
witnesses are incredibly articulate and
authoritative I think the case that we
would have made as a group would have
been irrefutable and I think there's a
very good chance that we would have had
at least a hung jury if not an acquittal
and I think that would have made real
waves within the judicial system and
also in the public eye and again you did
have an acquittal but it wasn't a jury
acquittal it was before the trial and it
was the judge I want to turn to one of
those expert witnesses that were not
allowed to testify dr. Bruce Snyder the
physician who was set to testify in your
trial
about the impact of climate change on
public health he spoke outside the
courthouse after the acquittal was
announced my concern now with these
issues has to do with public health and
what's happening when we talk about
climate change and we talk about fossil
fuels there's kind of this other piece
which is pollution that really needs to
be addressed because when we
but let me just give you an example the
tar sands the Alberta tar sands
operations have been shown to be the
largest source of airborne air pollution
in North America now if this is having
consequences for our health people with
asthma people with heart disease people
who are at risk for stroke young
children the this kind of pollution
increases the risks of developmental
disorders it increases the risks of low
birth weight and even SIDS
 deaths we've got a lot of health
issues tied into this and in some sense
it's we think I think that it's the
responsibility of major businesses and
corporations to do a lot of good things
but to also take into account the health
of their communities after all they have
children too so that was dr. Bruce
Snyder the physician who was set to
testify at the valve Turner's trial who
didn't get to testify and we are joined
by dr. James Hansen the former top
climate scientist at NASA from 1981 to
2013 he was the head of the NASA Goddard
Institute for Space Studies now the
director of climate science awareness
and solutions at Columbia University's
Earth Institute who also traveled to
Minnesota to testify at the trial for
the valve Turner's and didn't get to
before they were acquitted the judge
said she would not take expert witness
testimony but dr. Hansen explained what
you would have said if you were in court
under oath well my intention is to try
to get typical members of the public to
understand the urgency of the climate
issue I think most of the public does
not really understand that just because
you know that what we see happening so
far we're we see climate effects
occurring now but what is in store in
the coming decades is much greater
and we need to get the public to
understand that and so this is a chance
to see if we can in fact get typical
public members to understand this you
know the things like sea-level rise well
we see it's occurring but so far it's
measured in inches or a good fraction of
a foot but if we let our science
emissions and other greenhouse gas
emissions continue to rise we're going
to be talking about meters and we're
going to be talking about losing all of
our coastal cities which is you know
incredible to think of it it's hard to
see how the planet would be governing
more than half of our large cities are
on the coastline and there are the other
effects we will drive a significant
fraction of the species on the planet to
extinction and of course we see already
the beginnings of more extreme events
stronger storms a greater droughts
increasing fires but these are just a
small beginning of what's in store for
our children and grandchildren so we
really have to draw attention to that
because we can still address the problem
but we have to begin very quickly you
know a net clap Stein talked about being
a raging granny and talked about what
she sees her role as as an elder now in
the United States and that she sees is
engaging in civil disobedience and
warning younger people who inherit the
earth you have gone on quite a journey
yourself dr. James Hansen most recently
I've seen you with your granddaughter
involved with activism but you were the
head of the Goddard Space Institute the
NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies
for many years you were raising the
alarms testifying before Congress under
president george w bush as the bush
administration was vacuuming the words
you know global warming off of website
you then went from your role as a
leading scientist in this country to
engaging in civil disobedience yourself
what at least four times you were
arrested and I was wondering if you can
talk about the transition you made in
your life even as you continue to you
know talk about your work as a scientist
yeah about 12 or 13 years ago I realized
that although science had become clearer
and clearer there were no policy changes
being made global emissions just
continued to get greater and greater and
I did not want my grandchildren to say
oppa understood what was happening but
he didn't make it clear so I thought
well it would be I I could make it
clearer in public talks but it's really
hard to communicate with the greater
public when our governments just don't
pay attention so these civil
disobedience cases actually I was
arrested five times I have decided it's
more effective if we go on the offense
rather than trying to defend the valve
Turner's and the other people who tried
to draw attention so we've filed a
lawsuit against the federal government
for violating the constitutional rights
of young people and future generations
I'm sure you've heard about the our
children's trust lawsuit which will go
to trial later this month unless the
government can succeed in getting
another delay but I don't think they
will succeed in that this is the 30th
anniversary of your famous testimony
before the House of Representatives well
you know it was months ago but as June
23rd 1988 so 30 years in June last June
where you said the greenhouse effect has
been detected and it
changing our climate down now that was
under Reagan and Bush you went all
through the Clinton years you went all
through George Bush George W Bush all
through Obama which is the bulk of your
activism during the Obama years and now
into Trump yeah and of course what's
happened the rate of growth of emissions
has actually accelerated over that time
period and the reason is very simple
as long as fossil fuels are allowed to
be the cheapest energy source then we
will keep burning them and the countries
that want to raise their standard of
living will use the same paths that we
used in the West and of course these
fossil fuels are not really the cheapest
energy because their price does not
include their effects on human health
and on climate the air pollution the
water pollution and the climate change
so we need it's a simple story about our
government simply actually subsidize the
use of fossil fuels rather than making
their price honest that's the basic
problem we just had dr. Kevin Anderson
on from Manchester in England responding
to this IPCC report the UN climate
report of almost a hundred climate
scientists who said we have a dozen
years to mitigate climate change or this
is catastrophic so you have that coming
out on Monday this is the time that the
trial began in Minnesota on Tuesday you
have the acquittal and you have the
