this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman talk of the possible
impeachment of President Trump is
growing in Washington after Tuesday
stunning legal developments in New York
Trump's longtime personal lawyer and
fixer Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to
eight criminal charges including tax
evasion bank fraud and campaign finance
violations 200 miles away in Virginia
Trump's former campaign chair Paul
Manafort was found guilty of eight
charges related to tax and bank fraud as
well as hiding a foreign account the
Cohen case is likely to put the
president in the most legal jeopardy
Michael Cohen worked for Trump from 2006
until this year
he admitted in court he arranged to
illegally pay out money to two women an
adult film star in a Playboy model to
keep them from speaking during the 2016
campaign about their affairs with Donald
Trump Cohen said the payments were made
quote in coordination with and at the
direction of a candidate for federal
office and that they were made quote for
the principle purpose of influencing the
election unquote Cohen's lawyer Lonny
Davis wrote on Twitter if those payments
were a crime for Michael Cohen then why
wouldn't they be a crime for Donald
Trump Davis later appeared on MSNBC and
said Cohen's willing to speak with
special counsel robert muller about
quote a conspiracy to collude with
russia during the 2016 presidential
campaign Davis also told The Washington
Post Cohen knows about Trump's
participation in a criminal conspiracy
to hack into Democratic Party officials
emails during the 2016 election Michael
Cohen becomes the fourth former Trump
official to plead guilty to criminal
charges
he joins former national security
adviser Michael Flynn Trump's former
campaign deputy campaign manager Rick
gates and former trump foreign policy
adviser George papadopolis Michael Cohen
will be sentenced on December 12th he'll
likely be sentenced to four to five
years in prison me
while in Virginia a jury convicted Paul
Manafort on 8 of 18 charges but the jury
could not reach a verdict on the other
count sentencing experts expect him to
receive a prison term of about 10 years
the man of four charges stemmed from
special counsel Robert Miller's
investigation into Russian meddling in
the 2016 election but the case against
Manta Ford focused on the work he did
before he became president Trump's
campaign manager Matt affort was accused
of hiding millions of dollars earned in
Ukraine and overseas bank accounts and
failing to pay taxes on the money on
Tuesday President Trump briefly spoke
with reporters about the mana four
verdict
he was with a lot of different people
over the years and I feel very sad about
that it doesn't involve me but I still
feel
sad thing that happens this has nothing
to do with Russian pollution
wit John tenets at this race the
question now is whether Michael Cohen
and Paul Manafort will cooperate with
Muller's investigation in exchange for
lesser sentences or will president Trump
pardon one or both men to help answer
these questions and more we're joined by
investigative journalist Marcy wheeler
she runs the website empty wheel dotnet
joining us from Michigan
Marcy welcome to Democracy Now an epic
day yesterday when two of presidents
Trump's well his closest advisor fixer
his personal lawyer Michael Cohen and
his former campaign chair Paul Manafort
both guilty talk about the verdicts
yesterday yeah it's not often we need a
split screen for guilty verdicts usually
that's that's reserved for sporting
events but the the mana for guilty
verdicts were pretty much expected
because the case against him was a slam
dunk the the you know it was tax fraud
it was some bank fraud the charges that
the jury was not able to reach a verdict
on involved charges where Rick Gates's
testimony was central so it seems like
the the some people on the jury may not
have found him all that credible and
also one charge where Trump says it
didn't involve him that's not actually
true there was one charge where mana
fort was trying to get a loan in 2016
from a banker in Chicago and promising
him positions once Trump took the White
House and the impression is the jury
decided that he was going to get that
mana fort was going to get that loan
regardless of what kind of claims he
made to the banker and so those are the
charges that he wasn't found guilty on
but they're both tax cheats they're both
involved in other crimes as you
emphasized the very interesting thing
for Trump are the two hush money
payments involved with the Cohen crime
because there he quite quite clearly
said
and and the criminal information said I
think it was the 46th the word and the
criminal information named named Trump
basically didn't name him by name but
said you know the person went on to
become president of United snow let's go
and named him as go ahead go ahead and
named him as being part of the
conspiracy to pay off these women so as
to hide these affairs for the election
let's go to US Deputy Attorney robert
Kazami announcing the felony charges
that Michael Cohen pled guilty to
yesterday today as you heard Michael
Goan pled guilty to eight felony charges
five of those dealt with tax evasion for
the years 2012 through 2016 in which he
failed to report approximately 4.1
million dollars in reported income in
addition mr. Cohen felt guilty to to
campaign finance charges one for causing
and unlawful corporate contribution and
a second one for personally making an
excessive personal contribution both for
the purpose of influencing the 2016
election in addition what he did was he
worked to pay money to silence two women
who had information that he believed
would be detrimental to the 2016
campaign and to the candidate and the
campaign in addition mr. Cohen sought
reimbursement for that money by
submitting info invoices to the
candidates company which were untrue and
false so Marcy wheeler this the really
the biggest news while Paul Manafort was
the campaign chair for President Trump
you have Michael Cohen not only saying
he committed a crime he wasn't even
indicted he just pled guilty yesterday
in a kind of unusual move where this
happened all very fast he not only said
he was guilty but he said that the
president was guilty of ordering him to
do this right
he in his statement in the courtroom we
don't get cameras there so we can't play
it but in his statement in the courtroom
he was very clear that he did this with
with the involvement at the behest of
Donald Trump so well well the Russian
investigation is going to name Trump and
technically sort of did in the GRU
indictment m'dear that he asked for
Russia to hack Hillary and they
immediately did but but here he is named
explicitly so it's the first time in
these wide-ranging legal investigations
that he is being named and being accused
of committing a crime to cheat to get
elected basically let's go to Michael
Cohen's attorney Lanny Davis speaking
Tuesday night on MSNBC mr. Cohen has
knowledge on certain subjects that
should be of interest to the special
counsel and is more than happy to tell
the special counsel all that he knows
not just about the obvious possibility
of a conspiracy to collude and corrupt
the American democracy system in the
2016 election which the Trump Tower
meeting was all about but also knowledge
about the computer crime of hacking and
whether or not mr. Trump knew ahead of
time about that crime and even cheered
it on and we know he publicly cheered on
but did he also have private information
now that's Michael Cohen's attorney
Lanny Davis talked about the
significance of what he's saying and
what kind of information he's offering
to robert muller to muller well it's not
actually clear Cohen has been pursuing a
cooperation agreement for well over a
month probably a couple of months and
Muller did not take him up on that at
least as far as has been made public
clearly Cohen implicated Trump in the in
the hush-hush payments but he has not as
part of yesterday's plea agreement he
has not publicly in
located Trump in any of the Russia
related crimes so I'm not convinced that
this guilty plea is more important than
mana for its guilty verdicts yesterday
because Trump a long time ago said I
think I'm okay so long as Paul Manafort
doesn't flip on me Paul Manafort is the
only one who can really bring me down
because it is true or Coen claims that
he knows information about when Trump
knew certain things about the hack and
leak but even Omarosa says that she
already talked to Miller's people about
that so it's possible I mean several
things are possible Amy one is that
Cohen's right and he will go talk to
Muller and he will get some lesser
sentence because he does it it's
possible that Muller doesn't need
Cohen's cooperation and and Muller wants
to indict Cohen for part of the
conspiracy as well and it and it's
possible that Muller just doesn't want
to cooperate with Cohen because he's
been spending so much time talking to
the press we know that he with George
papadopolis for example as soon as
Papadopoulos went to the press he
stopped trying to cooperate with
Papadopoulos entirely so we don't
actually know what we do know is that
according to Trump's own understanding
of the circumstance for whatever that's
worth Paul Manafort is the one person
who can bring him down now Rick Gates
has been cooperating since February and
Rick gates knew most of what Paul
Manafort
knew and Rick Gates is the only one of
the many people that you said that you
described as who had already plead who
got a very sweet plea deal I mean he got
excused from all of the financial crimes
that Paul Manafort was found guilty of
yesterday some other ones in DC he was
excused from some of his own role in the
conspiracy with Russia so Rick Gates as
far as we know is the one who's offering
the big cooperation and that puts both
Cohen and Paul Manafort on much Shaker
grounds if they believe they're going to
get a lesser sentence by cooperating
with Muller and who exactly is Lonny
Davis which is very interesting Michael
Cohen has chosen him as his lawyer the
former
legal advisor that's President Clinton
in the 1990s when he was president right
but Lanny's function here is not to be a
lawyer Cohen's got a different lawyer
who used to work in Southern District of
New York that lawyer was picked because
he knows the people who were prosecuting
him in New York and he has the ability
to the extent that it's possible to
negotiate a plea deal Lanny Davis's job
is to go on TV and make statements like
he did yesterday that's really been his
function for a long time now he's in
some ways the Democratic equivalent of
Paul Manafort he's about press these
days more than he is about blurring but
but but again I'm not sure that working
the press is gonna get you a plea deal
with Robert Muller he has made it very
clear he doesn't want any of this in the
press he doesn't want to work via the
press he's been unbelievably good at not
leaking anything and so hiring a
democratic lawyer to go and appear on TV
and make allegations about about the
president isn't necessarily gonna help
Cohen's legal plate at all and what
about Burr and Warner who were heading
up the Senate committee that is
investigating Russian interference
saying that this might influence what
Michael Cohen has said might want to
question him and what this means Michael
Cohen going before Congress right so
Cohen already testified to the Senate
Intelligence Committee and there he said
he didn't know of any prior knowledge of
the June 9th meeting and some of the
public statements that he and Lanny
Davis have made seem to contradict that
and so yesterday the Senate Intelligence
Committee in the wake of this plea deal
basically contacted his lawyers and said
does his prior testimony before the
committee does it still hold and they've
threatened to call him back to test the
claims that he's made before you know
yeah I'm a little bit jaded about what
Richard Burr is doing here the
investigation yes it is
is credible yes it is bipartisan there
are only seven people investigating it
according to public reports there
they're still working on reviewing what
the Intelligence Committee knew by JIT
by January 2017 so they're not getting
to the guts of whether there really was
collusion so it's sort of Richard burrs
job to go and test these claims and go
on TV and and claim that there was no
collusion rather than to really get to
the core of whether there was or not and
I think that's more of what's going on
here then then really trying to get to
the bottom of things but we will because
the Senate Intelligence Committee
already got testimony from Michael Cohen
we will learn quickly whether he's
backing off his prior testimony because
of because of yesterday and might want
to get more testimony from him but I'd
like to turn to Democratic Senator
Richard Blumenthal
who said in a statement on Tuesday the
White House is looking increasingly like
a criminal enterprise this is Blumenthal
speaking on CNN with Wolf Blitzer last
night we're in a Watergate moment where
the two parties have to come together we
need bipartisanship now more than ever
to protect the special counsel and to
stop and I must underscore stopped any
consideration of pardons which
undoubtedly will be another thing that
has the right to pardon Paula metaphor
for example if he wanted to he has the
power to pardon Paul Manafort but he
would be screaming to the world I am
guilty and he would so undermine the
credibility of his office that it would
be a disaster the nation and it would
very possibly be an obstruction of
justice because he would be misusing
that power to protect himself as a
target of that investigation so that
senator Blumenthal speaking on CNN Marcy
wheeler the possibility of pardoning
manna fort and Michael Cohen and or
Michael Cohen right and Cohen this
morning is already out saying he won't
take a pardon which I doubt but that's
what he's saying or Lanny Davis is
saying on TV back in January or February
the New York Times actually reported
that Trump
preemptively offered both Mike Flynn and
Paul Manafort pardons and a lot of what
has happened in the metaphor case you
you you sort of have to believe that
because yesterday's verdicts were not a
surprise the case was overwhelming
against him and so it was sort of
suicidal for him to go through trial
because his sentence will be much
stiffer I mean just as a comparison as
you said he is expected to get at least
10 years where's Cohen is gonna get five
or fewer similar kinds of crimes right
so for having gone to trial mana for
it's gonna get twice the sentence and so
one of the most logical explanations for
that is he's expecting a pardon but
because Muller already knows in fact
this is one of the questions that he
wants to ask Trump apparently Millar
already knows that this that this pardon
has been offered preemptively I think
that that would count as as obstruction
of justice it's also not that easy to do
well the last time we were in this kind
of situation George Bush commuted
scooter Libby's sentence rape when he
was about to go to prison and that meant
that Libby wasn't going to prison but
also still retained his Fifth Amendment
privilege against testimony that's the
kind of thing he would have to do with
mana for and it's not clear that that
would be enough to silence mana for
going forward because if he pardons mana
for today then mana for depending on how
broad the pardon is then mana for can be
asked to testify without incriminating
himself on the Russia stuff which is
what Trump has already said is what mana
for is most threatening to him for so
it's sort of hard to do it's unclear
whether he will do I mean he's pardoning
everyone anyway but it's not clear that
that's gonna achieve the objectives that
he really wants which is to skate free
of what he himself has done with the
conspiracy to win the election multiple
now we can say go ahead we can say sorry
with multiple conspiracies
I mean there's the conspiracy to silence
the women and the conspiracy to work
with Russia to win the election so now
we can speak in multiple terms Trump's
current personal attorney Rudy Giuliani
said in a statement there's no
allegation of any wrongdoing against the
president and the government's charges
against mr. Cohen it's clear that as the
prosecutor noted mr. Cohen's actions
reflect a pattern of Lies and dishonesty
over a significant period of time on
Sunday Giuliani appeared on Meet the
Press with Chuck Todd to defend
president Trump what I have to tell you
is look I'm not gonna be rushed into
having him testify so that he gets
trapped into perjury and when you tell
me that you know he should testify
because he's gonna tell the truth that
he shouldn't worry well that's so silly
because it's somebody's version of the
truth not the truth he didn't have a
conversation this crowd I don't be to go
like I know it isn't truth truth isn't
truth the president United States says I
didn't truth is a truth mr. mayor do you
realize what I know don't do this to me
don't write Donald Trump says I didn't
talk about Flynn with Tommy Comey says
you didn't talk about it tell me what
the truth is Rudy Giuliani saying truth
is not truth but Marci Willer I want to
go step further to this issue with
impeachment and what can happen here we
are so close 11 weeks away from the
midterm elections also you know Brett
Kavanaugh they're trying to push him
through before the election the
possibility of a flipping of the house
or the Senate or the House and the
Senate but what about this possibility
of impeachment well we don't know I mean
Rudy Giuliani both of those clips are
him playing games neither of those are
credible it's not clear he even
understands the legal risk that the
president is under he really should stop
being invited on TV to go and just play
with the press because he's not
providing any news or anything credible
but Muller knows that Muller knows that
Rudy is playing games Miller knows that
Rudy is trying to stall Muller knows
that Rudy is trying to stall long enough
to get Cavanaugh confirmed and so we
don't know and Muller is not telling
what he plans to do in response one of
the things that was interesting unless
new
where the yesterday is he extended the
cooperation the continuation of Mike
Flynn's sentencing but only until
September 17th which is shorter than any
of the other extensions continuations
and so that's that suggests that
Muller's got some things up his sleeve
in the next 24 days and I wouldn't be so
surprised to expect some major moves
from Muller
well Rudy's on TV kind of playing with
the press and and and uttering nonsense
