this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today showing
Honduras
we're on Friday the United States
congratulated the incumbent President
Juan Orlando Hernandez on what it said
was his reelection this came one month
into a standoff between the Honduras
government and the opposition over the
disputed vote tally and days after the
government controlled Election
Commission declared Hernandez the winner
previously the opposition front the
alliance against the dictatorship as
well as the Organization of American
States have called for new elections
amidst reports of widespread fraud and
vote rigging saying the victory was
impossible to verify last week
opposition candidate Salvador Nasrallah
travelled to Washington DC to meet
officials at the Organization of
American States the OAS and the US State
Department but US officials claimed he
did not present evidence to back up his
allegations of fraud but on Friday
Nasrallah said his bid for the
presidency was a quote lost cause after
the United States recognized Hernandez
as winner of the election he told TV
Network france24 quote the situation is
practically decided I no longer have
anything to do in politics but the
people which are 80% in my favor will
continue the fight
this is Nasrallah speaking to the media
Friday in Honduras capital Tegucigalpa
the United States can recognize like it
recognized the electoral win of Kwan
Orlando Hernandez today via its State
Department but in my opinion my opponent
lost the elections by half a million
votes like I proved scientifically on
Monday and Tuesday to the organization
of Americans this comes as human rights
groups have documented at least 17
people have died in demonstrations over
the disputed election in Honduras their
reports the military has assassinated
and beaten protesters including
attacking protesters in the hospital
shooting tear gas into people's homes
including where there are children and
pregnant women and launching a violent
crackdown against
for indigenous Garifuna protestors the
US state department considers Ananda's
and Honduras an ally in the drug war and
immigration Washington is Honduras main
aid donor and largest trading partner
Honduras was also one of eight countries
to vote with the United States last
Thursday at the United Nations against
resolution denouncing president Trump's
recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's
capital well for more were joined in New
York by Ellen Erin award-winning
investigative journalists who just
returned Saturday night from Honduras
his latest story for the intercept is
headlined us spent weeks pressuring
Honduras opposition to end protests
against election fraud Alan Aaron has
won many of the top honors in journalism
Alan you were in Honduras for several
weeks covering this election talk about
what's happened so far well it's in a
sense an Intifada of Hondurans against
election fraud but more deeply it's a
it's a class uprising against an
oligarchy that the US has been backing
for decades the u.s. first used it in
the 80s to stage the Contra attack
against Nicaragua Honduras was there was
their base now they say it's being used
for the for the drug war but it's a de
facto US military occupation of Honduras
in a sense since the US has an actual
base there even though foreign bases are
prohibited by the Honduran Constitution
but as in for example the the southern
Philippines where the u.s. also has
military operating on the ground there's
a wink and a nod from the central
government
it's very significant because Central
America was devastated by massacres in
the eighties
perhaps 200,000 killed in Guatemala
more than 70,000
El Salvador similar numbers in Nicaragua
backed by the US with the help of Israel
and the societies have yet to recover to
this day the gangs the crime the drug
trade are all direct outgrowths of those
attacks on civilians but first in
Guatemala starting a few years ago with
a popular middle class based
anti-corruption movement that helped
topple the us-backed president general
Perez Molina and now in Honduras with
this uprising against what appears to be
a stolen election the there's a revival
and an example I think for the for the
US and the world that even people at
when they're most beaten down when many
of their labor their leaders have been
assassinated when many of their villages
have been wiped out as happened in
Guatemala they can still come back the
US backed this election in Honduras of
attempted re-election of President and
nan des a reelection that is also
prohibited in the Honduran Constitution
he wasn't supposed to be able to run
again yeah but he did anyway he all
sorts of evidence of fraud came out
there was a tape where his people were
talking about Plan B for stepping
stuffing ballot boxes there were there
was a chat message which I saw from one
of the electoral technicians saying the
fraud is now complete
on election night the manager of the
contractor counting the votes actually
briefly put out a message on Facebook
saying NASA dala the opposition
candidate is the new president of
Honduras his lead is irreversible and
then they just shut down the vote count
and resumed it later announcing that
that lead had evaporated and Anand as
the u.s. man was the new winner yet they
had to wait three weeks before they
could formally declare that victory
because people took to the streets
hundreds of thousands of Honduran zall
over the country in many cases
some of the poorest people and working
people in the streets taking the lead
and even many of the police rebelled at
one point apparently about 20% to a
third of the entire national police
force had gathered in in bases refusing
to they said to continue the repression
saying they were going to to lay down
their arms in response the military has
promoted the leaders of the most brutal
most loyal units the the military police
and those who come out of the us back
full cena training course to be the new
leaders of the military they're killing
about one protester per day how many do
you estimate well it's it's it's hard to
know exactly have been killed by the
military it's probably thirty four or or
more at this point it's in a sense an
Intifada in the streets and a lot of the
tactics they're using are also
reminiscent to the tactics used by the
Israeli military early you met you
mentioned the shooting of teargas into
houses the systematic beating of
protesters but unlike in Israel where
the Army is deeply ideological fully
indoctrinated to the project of the
government in Honduras it's only certain
sectors of the army and the police that
have that character I talked to many
many dozens of army and police and it's
clear that many of them don't really
like being dragged along on a real
position of the Ananda's government and
if these demonstrations can continue
it's not clear that this government can
can hang on
even with Washington's backing and this
is just a remarkable breakthrough for
not just for Central America but for all
of Latin America but even on a world
stage because it's another example that
the strongest us back powers sometimes
can be defeated they sometimes can be
rolled back and that the u.s. grip
in the world right now is weakening and
just the stamp of approval from the
Pentagon may no longer be enough to hold
on although despite the widespread
protests and calls from the opposition
party the Alliance against the
dictatorship and the Organization of
American States for new elections and
reports of widespread fraud and vote
rigging in Honduras as presidential
election the US backed incumbent
president Juan Orlando Hernandez
declared himself the victor last week de
Levante cerca de trÃªs the acceptance of
the will of nearly three and a half
million Hondurans will bring peace
harmony in progress so that is Hernandez
and the first announcement Hernandez
saying that he won was last Sunday is
that right
when Nasser ala Salvador Nasrallah of
the alliance against the dictatorship
who is ahead in the vote count before
they shut it down had gotten on a plane
headed to the United States to meet with
officials in the State Department
that's when Hernandez made his
announcement yes as Nasser Ella was in
the air that's that's right they did it
apparently to catch him off guard you
saw an astrology was getting on his
plane yeah he was not expecting the
announcement to be made then especially
since just the day before then and as
his own sister had died tragically in a
helicopter crash so the idea was well
he's certainly not going to do it today
she was close to nice yeah she was his
main strategic he was she was president
Hernandez main strategic advisor so they
claimed victory and then a few days
later the the u.s. came out and
congratulated him on that victory
another one to step in very early and
congratulate him was Israel and then a
few days after that the UN General
Assembly had the vote on on Jerusalem
and Honduras switched its past voting
pattern and was one of the few countries
to to back the US
moving the embassy to Jerusalem thereby
acknowledging us control and Guatemala
then under President Jimmy Morales who
came to office as the candidate of the
mass at the old massacre generals who
are now facing prosecution
what up Morales announced the Guatemala
was moving its embassy to to Jerusalem
it's part of a worldwide push that the
US State Department has made behind the
scenes to try to shore up the Trump
policy on Israel so before we talk about
Israel and Palestine which we'll do in
the next segment more fully to talk
about Honduras talk about the u.s.
representative in Honduras I mean
president Trump has failed to name many
ambassadors around the world but talk
about who Heidi Fulton is and the role
the US has been playing in this election
well she's the charge a the affair the
she's the acting ambassador and during
in recent weeks during the protests I've
been talking to nasrallah all along and
asking him about his daily interactions
with the US and at one point early in
December Fulton and John Kramer who's a
senior State Department official and a
former aide to General John Kelly of the
White House met with Nasser Ella and he
said that the US officials were urging
him to stop the protests the protests
were the one popular source of leverage
against the electoral fraud and the US
was trying to trying to shut them down
and without success
even though Nasser Ella made a point of
saying he wanted to be a friend of the
US he wanted to be an ally of the US he
said he wasn't going to touch the
military base he wasn't going to touch
the multinationals he even said he would
sign every US extradition order without
even reading them despite all of that
the White House had where general Kelley
is closed personally close to a nun
disease in a sense his political mentor
and to explain what I mean - Kelley
before he was the chief of staff he ran
the US military for Latin America out of
South comms and then became the southern
command and then became head of DHS
Department of Homeland Security before
becoming Trump's chief Chen right so
they decided even NASA dalla who was
promising all those things to comply
with the u.s. was not good enough was
not acceptable to them because he would
represent a voting out of the coup
regime the 2009 coup which had backing
from the Pentagon and also from
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at
the time put in a series of presidents
of whom Ananda's is is the latest who
back the oligarchy give the u.s. a blank
check to do whatever they want
militarily and who have very little
popular support you know an acid Allah
keeps saying in a lot of his speeches
well it may be a 170 percent it may be a
one eighty percent of the vote and that
sounds kind of implausible for any
politician to be saying that but I have
to say as I went around Tegucigalpa and
its outskirts which is not considered a
stronghold of the opposition it was very
hard to find anyone who had supported at
nine days even I concentrated on talking
to what are usually the most
conservative sectors army police small
businesspeople the security force people
are not allowed to vote but if you ask
them out of their family voted they say
overwhelmingly Nasrallah and they're not
allowed to vote because to keep them out
of politics in many many countries have
have that rule and marija lee is a great
deal of evidence that this was a massive
ballot box stuffing operation that
almost failed because first they did not
the us-backed Ananda's forces
did not expect that the vote for Nasser
Ella would be so large so they basically
didn't stuff enough ballot boxes they
were shocked to find that even with her
stuffing Nasser Ella was still ahead by
five points on election night so that's
when the computer system was announced
to have crashed and they shut everything
down and they came back apparently
having fed additional fake ballots into
the system and only then were they able
to get the result they wanted but even
that wasn't good enough because people
were on the streets refusing to accept
the result now the US has come in and
ratified it even though the Organization
of American States has said you need a
new election this is not legitimate but
it's it's not clear today that even that
will be enough because if people keep
returning to the streets this regime
could end up being very shaky we're
gonna break and then come back to our
discussion with Alan Eyre and
award-winning investigative journalist
one of many of the top honors in
journalism just returned Saturday from
Honduras his latest story for the
intercept is headlined us spent weeks
pressuring Honduras opposition to end
protests against election fraud this is
democracy now back with Alan Aaron on
Honduras and other issues in this end of
year discussion in a moment
