welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman the New York Times is
reporting the Pentagon's quietly
preparing for a potential war with North
Korea with the u.s. military launching a
series of war games and exercises from
Fort Bragg North Carolina to the skies
above Nevada to a planned deployment of
even more Special Operations troops to
the Korean Peninsula during the Winter
Olympics in South Korea next month the
planning for a potential nuclear war
comes as president Trump has repeatedly
threatened to launch a nuclear strike
against North Korea meanwhile The Wall
Street Journal is reporting the Pentagon
is also planning to develop two new
sea-based nuclear weapons the reports
based on a new pentagon nuclear strategy
review which says the proposed new
nuclear weapons would be to counter
Russia and China last week The Guardian
reported the Trump administration is
planning to loosen the restrictions on
the use of nuclear weapons and develop a
nuclear warhead for us Trident missiles
this all comes as Trump has proposed
building up the United States nuclear
article arsenal and has reportedly asked
about nuclear weapons if we have them
why can't we use them meanwhile
residents of Hawaii experienced panic on
Saturday morning when an emergency
management worker mistakenly sent out a
false alarm warning residents about an
incoming ballistic missile the Amber
Alert which residents received on their
cell phones read emergency alert
ballistic missile threat inbound to
Hawaii seek immediate shelter this is
not a drill it took 38 minutes for
Hawaii to then inform residents that the
alert was in fact a mistake this is the
Hawaii governor today's a day that most
of us will never forget
a day when many in our community thought
that our worst nightmare might actually
be happening a day when many frantically
tried to think about the things that
they would do that's why Governor David
EJ meanwhile on Tuesday Japanese
residents also received a false alert
about an incoming ballistic missile this
alert was sent today as a News Alert by
the national broadcaster NHK before they
retracted it the US ambassador to Panama
has resigned amidst international
outrage over president Trump's racist
comment in which Trump reportedly called
African nations El Salvador and Haiti s
whole countries but use the full four
letters first word s whole countries in
his resignation letter the US ambassador
to Panama
John feely said he feels he can no
longer serve the president faithfully
his resignation takes effect March 9th
the news of the resignation comes after
Trump sparked this international
firestorm by reportedly saying during a
meeting with lawmakers at the White
House last week what why do we want all
these people from Africa here There s
whole countries we should have more
people from Norway it's now being
claimed by some lawmakers who were
present at the meeting that Trump used
the word s house well the full word not
s whole in response to the comments the
government of Botswana wrote in a
statement quote the both SWANA
government has also inquired from the US
government through the Ambassador to
clarify if both SWANA is regarded as an
S whole country unquote this all comes
as President Trump has denied being a
racist during an interview with
reporters on Sunday
meanwhile on Saturday night activists
projected onto the Trump International
Hotel in Washington DC the words quote
need a place to stay
try this [ __ ] spelling out the whole
word but they too like the president
used that four-letter swear before whole
The Wall Street Journal has reported
president Trump's lawyers reportedly
paid 130 thousand dollars to a former
porn star to keep her from going public
about her sexual encounter with Donald
Trump in 2006 the money was reportedly
paid to Stephanie Clifford known as
stormy Daniels in October of 2016 only a
month before the general election the
sexual encounter allegedly occurred
shortly after President Trump married
his wife Melania and while she was
pregnant with their son Barron
meanwhile a former Playboy model named
Karen McDougal says she also had an
affair with Donald Trump in 2006 she
reportedly sold the exclusive rights to
the story to the National Enquirer for
$150,000 shortly before the presidential
election The Inquirer never ran the
story the CEO of the newspapers parent
company is a close friend of President
Trump former US Army whistleblower
Chelsea Manning is running for US Senate
in Maryland this is a clip of her new
campaign ad which features images of the
deadly white supremacist rally in
Charlottesville Virginia last year we
live in trying times
[Music]
I'm suppression we need to stop
expecting that our systems will somehow
fix themselves we need to actually take
the reins of power from them you're damn
right we got this
that's chelsea manning speaking in her
new campaign ad announcing her run for
US Senate in Maryland
she'll face Democratic incumbent senator
Benjamin Cardin in the Democratic
primary later this year the Pentagon is
planning to escalate the u.s. war in
Afghanistan by sending an additional
1,000 new so-called combat advisors as
well as sending additional armed and
surveillance drones the US war in
Afghanistan is the longest war in US
history
it's escalation comes as the Pentagon
has also indicated it plans to recruit
and train thousands of us back Kurdish
fighters in Syria to form a border
security force in northern Syria along
the border with Turkey us-backed Syrian
Kurdish fighters already control large
swaths of northern Syria on Monday
turkish President Recep Tayyip Ardoin
slammed the United States for the
proposal and accused the Syrian Kurds of
being terrorists in Iraq at least 27
people were killed in a double suicide
bombing in the center of the capital
Baghdad during rush hour Monday morning
the majority of the attacks victims were
Street vendors and day laborers who had
gathered in the market looking for work
no group has claimed responsibility so
far Monday's bombing was the first major
attack in Baghdad since the Iraqi
government declared victory over Isis in
Libya at least 20 people were killed in
its clashes and the capital Tripoli the
fighting shut down the main airport the
government says the clashes began when a
militant group tried to free imprisoned
members from a nearby prison Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas slammed
President Trump and the United States in
a speech Sunday saying Trump's decision
to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem is a slap in the face
political negotiations
International mediation and not solely
in American mediation should I make it
clear we do not accept America as a
mediator between US and Israel now we
said no to trump and others know we will
not accept his project we told them the
deal of the century is the slap of the
century and we will retaliate on Monday
Palestinian leaders voted to call on the
Palestine Liberation Organization to
suspend its recognition of Israel until
Israel recognizes the state of Palestine
and stops the construction of Jewish
only settlements in the Israeli occupied
territories meanwhile Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu faced
protests when he arrived in New Delhi on
Sunday as part of a six-day visit to
India protesters demanded India cut ties
with Israel over its treatment of
Palestinians in Mexico longtime
journalist Carlos Dominguez Rodriguez
was murdered in the border town of Nuevo
Laredo on Saturday in the first murder
of a media worker in Mexico this year he
was an independent journalist who in one
of his final columns for the online
outlet the rest a digital wrote about
the growing political violence ahead of
Mexico's presidential elections in July
Reporters Without Borders says Dominguez
was dragged from his car by masked men
and stabbed to death in broad daylight
last year Mexico was among the deadliest
countries in the world for journalists
in Honduras protests continue against
the re-election of the incumbent us back
president Juan Orlando Hernandez on
Friday protesters took to the streets to
denounce alleged widespread election
fraud and what many are calling an
electoral coup the military attacked the
protesters with tear gas and rubber
coated steel bullets among those
attacked was opposition candidate
Salvador Nasrallah
and former President Manuel Zelaya who
was ousted in a us-backed coup in 2009
this is one of the protesters Mario
Trejo we have come out to accompany
president-elect Salvador nusra
we have come out as a united people
before the world to tell them that the
government robbed the election in
Honduras there's a serious problem Juan
Orlando Hernandez wants to stay and he
has all the media all the weapons to
show that he won but to the world we say
that he's lying he needs to go he needs
to give up power in Greece teachers
judges doctors nurses and transportation
workers launched a strike Monday to
protest the Greek Parliament's passage
of a new round of austerity measures
imposed by international banks Monday's
strike came on the heels of a massive
national strike on Friday also
protesting austerity measures and the
government's efforts to restrict workers
ability to go on strike this is one
protester speaking during the walkouts
Monday we the older generation spilled
blood to acquire the right to strike for
us the workers the people to have a
voice we will not sit on the couch with
our arms crossed there is no way we will
ruin the government's plans back in the
United States and California thousands
of people gathered Sunday night to
commemorate the 20 people who've died in
the deadly mudslides in Montecito near
Santa Barbara at least three people
remain missing including a two-year-old
girl the deadly mudslides come after
Southern California was ravaged by
historic and deadly wildfires both
wildfires and torrential downpours which
triggered the mudslides have been linked
to climate change in Tennessee a member
of the white supremacist gang the Aryan
Nations was arrested for the alleged
shooting and wounding of a police
officer last Thursday meanwhile the FBI
has charged a white supremacist with
terrorism after he allegedly attempted
to derail an amtrak train the man Taylor
Wilson had traveled with other neo-nazis
to Charlottesville Virginia for the
deadly white supremacist rally last year
and the former Klansmen Edgar a killin
who was convicted for orchestrating the
murders of three civil rights workers in
Mississippi in 1964 died in prison on
Thursday night in a Democracy Now
exclusive in
shrink ten state undocumented activists
Marmara Villalpando says Immigration and
Customs Enforcement ice has placed her
in deportation proceedings and a move
she calls retaliation for her political
activism Maru is a nationally known
immigrant rights activists who leads the
organization Northwest detention center
resistance she's engaged in multiple
acts of civil disobedience to protest
deportations and immigrant detentions
she says only days before Christmas she
received a notice to appear
she writes quote with the letter
delivered to my house
ice has officially made the leap from a
law enforcement agency to a political
repression agency crossing a line that
should concern us all unquote we'll have
more on her case later in the week
here in New York City hundreds gathered
to oppose the detention and possible
deportation of prominent immigrant
rights activists Ravi robbed beer and
Jean mantra though Ravi robbed beer was
detained on Thursday at a scheduled
check-in with ice agents he's executive
director of the new sanctuary movement
of New York City just a week prior Jean
Mon travel another leader with the
organization was detained outside of his
home and could be deported as early as
today to Haiti on Monday hundreds
circled Washington Square Park in a
Jericho walk then gathered at Judson
Memorial Church this is Ravi rob beers
friend and lawyer Alena dass reading a
letter written by Ravi entitled letter
from an immigrant jail it was a wild and
crazy ride every moment was uncertain
except the certainty that they wanted me
gone I'm still here because of all of
you thank you I miss everyone
I feel very heartbroken to see how many
of you are suffering for me how many
people were abused during this process I
feel heartbroken that care for someone
evokes violence
I want everyone to stand strong at this
moment we need to speak about changing
this system so that no one has to face
this type of harm not just for me but
for all the families who face being torn
apart until we get reform we need to
repeal the act that criminalizes
immigrants that makes us less than human
because of a document that's Elina das
reading a letter written by Ravi Raab
beer while in detention in Florida we'll
have more on Ravi and John's cases
tomorrow on Democracy Now we'll be
speaking with both of their wives in
Florida prisoners launched a statewide
prison strike Monday Martin Luther King
Day the prisoners say they launched the
strike to protests being used as unpaid
labor during the cleanup from the
massive hurricane
Irma last year and communities and
congregations across the country marked
Luther King Day Martin Luther King Day
Monday many pastors and civil rights
leaders denounced president Trump
including Martin Luther King Jr's
daughter
Reverend Bernice King in this out must
always be louder than the voice of one
who may speak sometimes representing
these united states whose words
sometimes do not reflect that legacy of
my father we cannot allow the nations of
the world to embrace the words that come
from our president as a reflection of
the true spirit of America that was
Martin Luther King Jr's youngest child
Reverend Bernice King speaking at
Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta on
Monday and a correction to our earlier
headline that was reiative Ettie
speaking on monday about Ravi Raab beer
not his lawyer in New York City and
those are some of the headlines this is
democracy now democracynow.org the war
and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm
Juan Gonzalez welcome to Oliver
listeners and viewers around the country
and around the world
