here on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez
well we're spending the hour with Glenn
Greenwald his new report for the
intercept is about Facebook censorship
it's titled Facebook says it is deleting
accounts at the direction of the US and
Israeli governments in it he writes that
Facebook representatives met with the
Israeli government to determine which
Facebook accounts of Palestinians should
be deleted on the grounds that they
constituted quote incitement
alternatively Israelis have virtually
free rein to post whatever they want
about Palestinians and calls by Israelis
for the killing of Palestinians are
commonplace on Facebook and largely
remain undisturbed that includes a
recent Facebook campaign calling for
vengeance against Arabs and retribution
for the killing of three Israeli
teenagers all of this follows president
Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as
Israel's capital and as the Israeli
right wings push now to doom any attempt
at a two-state solution today's New York
Times reports quote Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu's party for the first
time has urged the annexation of Jewish
settlements in the West Bank and the
nation's top legal officers pressed to
extend Israeli law into occupied
territory in addition the Israeli
Parliament after a late-night debate
voted early Tuesday to enact stiff new
obstacles to any potential land for
peace deal involving Jerusalem again
that's in The New York Times today well
for more we continue our conversation
with Glenn Greenwald the Pulitzer
prize-winning journalist and founding
editor of the intercept so your pieces
headline facebook says it's deleting
accounts at the direction of the US and
Israeli governments can you explain
exactly which accounts are being deleted
and how you found this out sure so
within the last week Facebook deleted
the Facebook account and the Instagram
account Facebook is the owner of
Instagram of the president of the
Chechen Republic Ramzan Kadyrov who is a
pretty monstrous monstrous tyrant I I
don't think there's much doubt about
that
they're very credible reports that he's
at least
we asking two if not presiding over the
mass detention and torture and in some
cases killing of lgbts
within his Republic he is killed and
kidnapped and tortured political
dissidents he basically has free reign
over the Republic although he ultimately
reports to Moscow but he has essentially
autonomy over how to run the Chechen
Republic he's an awful tyrant there's no
doubt about that
so when Facebook decided decided
suddenly to delete the accounts of the
head of the state who had a total of
four million followers they didn't say
the reason we're doing it is because
he's an awful tyrant who has done all
the things I just said what they said
was the reason we did it is because he
was placed on a list that the United
States government state department
manages and the Treasury Department
manages in which he is now the target of
sanctions which means that under the law
we Facebook are obligated to obey the
dictates of the United States government
and no longer allow him to use our
services now this rationale was sort of
dubious there are other people who are
on the same list like the the president
of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and many of
his top officials who continued to use
Facebook quite actively but what the
rationale actually means if you think
about it is that the US government
according to Facebook now has the power
to dictate to Facebook who it is she's
allowed to use that platform to
communicate with the world and who will
be blocked and who will be banned and
you know you can take the the position
on the one hand that Facebook is a
private company and it has the right to
determine who uses its platform which is
true the First Amendment technically
doesn't apply to Facebook but Silicon
Valley Giants have become so powerful
and massive I would say in particular
Google Facebook and Apple they're really
much more akin now to public utilities
to almost their own private
nation-states than they are to just
average corporations that have
competition in the leg so that the power
to eliminate somebody from Facebook is
almost the power to eliminate them from
the internet and to hear Facebook say
it's the US government the Trump
administration that has the power to
tell
who will use Facebook and who can't is
extremely chilling especially since
already last year they prove that they
were willing to do the same thing when
it came to the Israeli government as you
just mention Amy there's an article in
The New York Times today detailing that
the Israeli right which basically is the
dominant faction in Israel is finally
being open about the fact that their
real goal is not a two-state solution or
a peace process but is the annexation of
the West Bank and these politicians who
are now openly advocating this are the
same ones who summoned Facebook
executives in October of last year to a
meeting and directed them to delete the
accounts of a huge number of Palestinian
activists journalists commentators and
Facebook obeyed and almost every one of
the cases even though as you indicated
Israelis remain free to say the most
heinous and awful things about
Palestinians including an incitement so
you see Facebook now collaborating with
the most powerful governments on the
planet the Israelis and the Americans in
particular to determine who's allowed to
speak and who isn't and what messages
are allowed to be conveyed in which ones
aren't and it's hard to think of
anything more threatening or menacing to
Internet freedom and the promise of what
the internet was supposed to be then
behavior like this and Glenn is there
any indication of the people the
Palestinians who were targeted by the
Israeli government that any of them were
under US sanctions there was any reason
for the for the United States to support
this or was this basically an Israeli
government Facebook conflict where the
Israeli government insisted if Facebook
wanted to continue operating within
Israel and the occupied territories they
would have to do this it was basically
just pure bullying and coercion on the
part of the Israeli government what they
did was they said to Facebook we are
going to enact a law that requires you
to delete the accounts of the whatever
accounts our government identifies as
guilty of incitement and the only way
that you can avoid us enacting this law
and this law was going to say Facebook's
failure to obey will result in massive
fines and ultimately could result in the
blocking of Facebook in Israel the way
that China blocks pay
 and other companies that don't
comply with its censorship orders the
only way the Israeli government said to
Facebook that you can avoid this law is
if you voluntarily obey the orders that
we give you about who should be deleted
and Facebook whether because they were
driven by business interest of not
wanting to lose the Israeli market or
ideology that they support the Israeli
viewpoint of the world whichever one of
those motives might might might be
driving them or whatever mixture of
motives complied with the Israeli
demands and I think this is really the
critical point that I hope everybody
listening thinks about is there is this
growing movement now on the left in
Europe and in the United States to
support censorship as a solution to this
kind of growing far-right movement well
let's just ask and plead with Silicon
Valley executives to keep fascist
offline or let's hope our government
will not allow fascists to speak and
aside from the fact that I think it's
incredibly counterproductive because
generally when you try and censor
movement you only make them stronger the
premise of this idea as we can see in
this case is really warped I mean the
idea that Silicon Valley executives or
US government officials are gonna use
censorship power to help and protect
marginalized groups I think is absurd in
in in almost every case when we see
these entities using censorship powers
they're using them to target
marginalized groups and serve the most
powerful that's why Facebook blocks
Palestinians but not Israelis because
Palestinians have no power and Israelis
do and and the more we empower these
entities to censor the more we're going
to be endangering marginalized groups
because ultimately that's who's going to
end up being suppressed well couldn't go
in Greenwald you have this amazing
moment in the house and the Senate
recently the hearings with the heads of
Google and Twitter and Facebook where
you had this demand on the part of the
Republicans and the Democrats for
censorship the Democrats using the
pretext of Russia saying why didn't you
delete these
counts yeah I mean this idea that
somehow our political salvation rests
and placing into the hands of these
already obscenely powerful Silicon
Valley executives the further power
which they don't even want to have to
determine what political messages are
allowed to be heard on the internet and
which ones aren't to determine who's
allowed to communicate on the Internet
and who isn't is incredibly menacing
just last week Twitter promulgated a new
policy in response to exactly the kind
of demands a me that you were just
describing and this is their policy they
said you are no longer allowed to use
Twitter to advocate or incite violence
except if you want the violence to be
done by governments or military so
you're allowed to go on Twitter now and
say I demand that the US government
nuke North Korea out of existence you're
allowed to go on Twitter and say I want
the Israeli government to incinerate
every person in Gaza but what you're not
allowed to do is to go on Twitter and
say as a Muslim I believe that it's the
responsibility of Muslims to fight back
against aggression or as a North Korean
I want to be able to defend against
imperialism so under the guise of
begging Silicon Valley to save us our
bad political speech what has actually
happened is that the most powerful
factions are empowered to say whatever
they want and the least powerful
factions are the ones who end up
censored and that's always no matter how
well-intentioned it is the result of
these kind of calls for censorship and
in the end of your piece you talk about
would facebook ever dare censor American
politicians or journalists who use
social media to call for violence
against America's enemies answering that
question Glenn Greenwald right so if you
look at for example Facebook's rationale
for why they censored the president of
the Chechen Republic they said we had to
do it because he was put on a list of
people who were sanctioned by the US
government well just last month the
government issued a list of sanctions
that included a whole bunch of Canadian
officials the Russian government has
issued list of people who are sanctioned
that includes US businesspeople and US
officials as well obviously in a million
years Facebook would never honor the
sanctions list of the Russian government
or the Iranian government and remove US
officials or Canadian business people
it's purely one-sided it's only serving
the dictates of powerful governments and
you know you can go onto Twitter or you
can go onto Facebook pretty much every
single day and see calls for extreme
amounts of violence to be directed
against Iran Ian's to be directed
against people in Gaza or the West Bank
to be directed against people in the
Muslim world and obviously Facebook and
Twitter are never going to remove that
kind of incitement to violence because
that's consistent with the policy of
Western governments the only people who
are gonna be removed are people who were
otherwise voiceless who are opposed to
Western foreign policy and that's why
it's so L advise is so dangerous no
matter how well-intentioned to call for
Silicon Valley executives or the US
government to start censoring and
regulating the kind of political speech
we can hear and can express well I
wanted to turn to a topic that you've
written quite a bit about the the
ongoing the Muller investigation over
possible collusion between the Trump
administration and and Russia in
attempting to influence the 2016
election and you've been especially
critical of how the corporate and
commercial media have dealt with this
issue especially the the now debunk
supposed expose that CNN issued several
months ago about an email that seemed to
prove that that collusion could you talk
about that and how you're seeing this as
we're heading into 2018 and the
continued development of the Muller
investigation sure so I think a couple
of things are important to point out
which is that from the beginning I think
everybody I certainly include myself in
this and everybody that I've read and
heard has always said that it's
obviously possible that the Russian
government was the primary culprit when
it came to the hacking of the emails of
John Podesta and the DNC
it's certainly something that the United
States and the Russians do to one
another and have done to one another for
decades and so nobody should put it past
Putin or the Russians to have done it in
this case and it's certainly also
possible that there were people in the
Trump campaign who became aware after
the fact that this was done and who
somehow helped to decide how this
information was going to be disseminated
but I think given the implications that
this issue has in terms number one of
the relationship between two extremely
dangerous nuclear-armed powers which is
Moscow and and and Washington who on
many occasions in the past have almost
obliterated the planet through an
exchange of nuclear weapons and who are
in many places in the world at
loggerheads with one another as well as
the climate in Washington in which any
kind of interaction with Russians now
become something that is a ground for
suspicion what I've always says is we
have to be very careful as journalists
and the citizens to make sure that we
don't get our head of ourselves in terms
of the claims that we're making that we
have to adhere to the evidence that is
available before we decide that official
claims from the CIA and the NSA and the
FBI agencies with a long history of
lying and deceit and error before we
accept them is true and one of the
things that we've seen over the past
year or year and a half is large media
outlets in case after case after case
after case acting very recklessly
publishing stories that turned out to be
completely false that needed to be
retracted that got discredited which is
the thing that then enables Donald Trump
to try and encourage people not to trust
the media so no matter your views on
Russia and I think it's really dangerous
that the US and Russian relations are
probably at their worst point as they've
been since the fall of the Soviet Union
something that nobody should think is a
good thing despite all the claims that
that that Trump was gonna serve the
interest of the Russians the reality is
the two countries are at great tensions
no matter your views on that I think
that we all have an interest in making
sure that our political discourse and
that our media reports are grounded in
reality in fact
and while Muller thus far has produced
four separate indictments they all have
been for either lying to the FBI or for
money laundering none of them have
alleged any actual criminal collusion
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians and so what I've said all along
and what I still say is that we ought to
let an investigation proceed till the
end look at all of the evidence and only
then reach conclusions about what
happened because it's very dangerous to
use supposition and speculation and all
kind of guesswork to make accusations
that can have really serious
consequences and I think we've seen the
dangers of that over the last year I
wanted to go to this issue of collusion
with Russia that was also a key focus
and president Trump's recent rare
interview with reporter Michael Schmidt
of the New York Times which took place
in the grill room of trumps Golf Club in
West Palm Beach Florida near the
beginning of the interview Trump
launched into a discussion about Russian
collusion The Times quotes Trump is
saying quote virtually every Democrat
has said there's no collusion there's no
collusion and even these committees that
have been set up if you look at what's
going on and in fact what it's done is
it's really angered the base and made
the base stronger my base is stronger
than it's ever been great congressman in
particular some of the congressmen have
been unbelievable in pointing out what a
witch-hunt the whole thing is so I think
it's been proven that there is no
collusion and by the way I didn't deal
with Russia I won because I was a better
candidate by a lot Trump goes on to
repeatedly say throughout the interview
there was no collusion if you can talk
about what he says and talk about his
attacks on Muller I mean some say if he
would leave Muller alone moer will
ultimately vindicate him so there's a
lot going on there so first of all Trump
statement that all Democrats acknowledge
there's no collusion is just a typical
Trump lie there are all kinds of
Democrats in fact most Democrats who say
that they believed there was collusion
what he is right about though is that
none of them thus far have presented
evidence of collusion
and there's a point in the interview
where he says he saw Diane Feinstein
last month on television admitting that
there's no evidence of collusion that's
not actually what she said but it is
really instructive to go and watch Diane
Feinstein who is the senior Democrat on
the Intelligence Committee who gets
regular briefings from the CIA about the
evidence she did go on CNN last month
and was asked a series of questions
about whether she's seen evidence about
a whole variety of theories of collusion
and she essentially said no I've never
seen any of that evidence she went on
CNN in May and explicitly said after a
CIA briefing that she's not aware of any
evidence of actual collision between the
Trump campaign and the Russians now you
have in this interview Trump doing what
he does which is constantly lying about
what Democrats have said about the
nature of the investigation
I think his attacks on Muller are
incredibly stupid for the reason that
you said although hopefully Muller if
he's the professional that everyone says
he is won't be affected by those attacks
he'll simply follow the evidence but I
think what's really going on here Amy is
is this and this is such an important
point if you look at how our political
media works the part of the political
media that is partisan the way that the
right-wing media really grew was during
the Clinton years when people like Rush
Limbaugh and the Drudge Report and
ultimately Fox News fed on scandal after
scandal after scandal of whitewater and
Vince Foster and then ultimately in the
