[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report with this web
exclusive I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen
Shaikh we turn now to part 2 of our look
at a new investigation by the nation
headlined how big Wireless made us think
that cellphones are safe
it reveals how cellphones were first
marketed to US consumers in the 1980s
without any government safety testing
then a decade later one of the
industry's own hand-picked researchers
Jorge Carlo reportedly told top company
officials including leaders of Apple
AT&T and Motorola that some industry
commission studies raised serious
questions about cell phone safety on
October 7th 1999 Carlos sent letters to
industry CEOs urging them to give
consumers quote the information they
need to make an informed judgment about
how much of this unknown risk they wish
to assume instead the cellular
telecommunications and Internet
Association reportedly tried to
discredit Carlos findings and had him
physically removed from its premises
during its annual conference in February
2000 the nation investigation notes
Carlos story evokes eerie parallels with
two of the most notorious cases of
corporate deception on record the
campaigns by the tobacco and fossil fuel
industries to obscure the dangers of
smoking and climate change respectively
for more we continue with our interview
with one of the authors of the new
investigation Marc Hertz card the
nation's environment correspondent and
investigative editor so Marc Hertz card
if you could reiterate at this point in
2018 as you evaluate the science or talk
to the scientists who are evaluating it
what do you think is of most concern
about cell phones and then talk about
ways to mitigate your the effects of
cell phones sure I want to emphasize I'm
not a scientist I'm a journalist and an
author but we talk to a lot of
scientists and our story does not say
whether sighs whether cell phones are
safe or not we looked at the industry
disinformation and propaganda campaign
for the past 25 years has been
convincing the public that these
cellphones are safe and the way they've
done that is to wargame the science as
they put it in a internal memo from
Motorola they funded they're friendly
scientists they've attacked critical
science independent science they put
their own people on two advisory boards
all that said that's resulted in I think
the message coming across from the
mainstream media frankly that cellphones
are safe enough shall we say however
that point of view took a major hit just
last week the night before we released
our story there was a peer review by
independent scientists of the biggest
study that the United States government
has had to date on cell phone radiation
this was a study by the US National
Toxicology program that's part of the
National Institutes of Health the study
was commissioned by the US Food and Drug
Administration and released some
preliminary findings in February and
then those findings were peer reviewed
by independent scientists last week and
those independent scientists finally
concluded that there was quote clear
evidence unquote clear evidence that
cell phone radiation can cause cancers
and notably those independent scientists
upgraded the confidence level of that
and other findings by this National
Toxicology program so what that seemed
to do was to confirm the suspicions by
outsiders that the National Toxicology
program brassed the people up at the top
we're trying to downplay this study
because it was the very same data that
had been released in 2016 and when that
that data was released in 2016 it came
with a public health warning by the
National Toxicology program and in 2018
back in February they tried to downplay
this so it's very significant that last
week these independent scientists said
oh no there is clear evidence here that
cellphones can cause cancer now before
you all worry out there that you're
having the
of a cigarette habit let me just say
that the evidence is not yet definitive
of how much how high the risk is for
cancer and genetic damage is another
concern here but it is definitely it
seems a risk if you look at the
scientific data that is compiled by the
National Institutes of Health the actual
studies that they catalogue there
the vast majority of them do indicate
that there are health impacts of this
technology of this radiation I should
say according to Henry Lai a professor
at the University of Washington who's
analyzed all of this and we talked with
him in some detail so there are things
you can do the main thing you can do as
a consumer is to minimize your use of
your cellphone use a landline telephone
whenever you can and if you must use a
cell phone always use earbuds and use it
for as little at the time as possible
don't go on and on have your phone call
and complete it and in general you want
to try and minimize the risk that's as
again I am NOT a pediatrician I'm not a
doctor here you can talk to
organizations like the American
Pediatrics Association which by the way
told the Federal Communications
Commission five years ago that they
needed to revisit this question because
their standards weren't adequate the FCC
has not done that but you can talk to
them you can talk to a group called the
environment health trust and they will
give you more information on this that's
really interesting that you talked about
the FCC and they haven't done that
because the former head of the FCC the
Federal Communications Commission is was
Tom wheeler in 1999 then the president
of the cellular telecommunications and
internet Association Thomas wheeler
spoke to ABC News 20/20 and listened
carefully
I believe that the cellular phone is
safe our industry has gone out and
aggressively asked the
can we find a problem and the answer
that has come back is that there is
nothing that has come up in the research
that suggests that there is a linkage
between the use of a wireless phone and
health effects so that was yes Thomas
wheeler who was President Obama's pick
as FCC chair speaking to Brian Ross on
ABC bar Kurt's card do you talk about
his role and that was a lie that was a
lie that mr. wheeler told we spoke with
mr. really for this story
he gave us an interview but insisted on
putting it off the record except for one
statement that said that he followed the
recommendations of the Food and Drug
Administration which had found no
dangers from health phones but what he
told Brian Ross in that story that there
had been that they went out an
aggressively questioned the science was
there a problem that part was true
but to say that they found no such
evidence that was an absolute lie and I
used the word lie deliberately he knew
perfectly well by that time that he had
been told by Jorge Carlo the scientist
that there were serious questions from
their own 28.5 million dollar research
program and so to me the this the career
of Tom wheeler is an interesting
illustration of a very old story in
Washington DC about how the regulatory
agencies of the federal government get
captured by the very industries that
they are supposed to regulate so wheeler
left the industry and later went on to
head the FCC for President Obama and in
the meantime it's gone the other way
around the FCC person the vice president
at the FCC I guess or a vice chair
rather Baker came to now runs the Trade
Association and this is why the Harvard
study on this by normal stir calls the
FCC a captured agency they have been
captured by the industry they're
supposed to regulate and the single best
example of that that I can give you is
the FCC does not even end
they test the radiation levels on these
phones they take what the industry
claims and just put it on their website
that is not good enough part of the
reason that we're down this road all the
way we are out so far is that we did not
test cell phones back in the 1980s
before they went on the consumer market
and we're about to make that same
mistake again with 5g technology well
can you explain what 5g technology is
sure 5g means fifth generation and
that's the next generation of the
technologies that have been used for
cell phones and wireless going back into
the 1990s and where people might have
heard of it most is 5g technology is
what will be required if we go to this
thing called the Internet of Things the
Internet of Things is the idea of your
smartphone being connected to your smart
car and your smart household so that all
of your appliances your cell phones your
computers everything will be connected
24/7 so that you can while you're
driving home you can turn on the oven of
25 minutes from home so that it's nice
and warm and you can make your dinner
when you get home that seems like it's a
kind of a convenient idea perhaps but
when we did the reporting on this my
colleague Mark Dow he went to the
conference of the industry and saw and
we have this picture in the nation
magazine story saw a picture of a baby a
doll wearing a diaper and at the crotch
of the diaper is a little transmitter so
this transmitter under the 5g technology
Internet of Things this transmitter will
send a little message to mom or dad in
the next room that though the baby's
diaper needs changing well do we really
need that and we really want to be have
radiation going from our baby's crotch
to our cell phones why don't we just
walk into the next room and check for
ourselves in January 1993 David Reynard
of Tampa Florida sued the NEC America
company speaking on national TV may not
set his wife's NEC phone caused her
lethal brain tumor let's go to a clip
from ABC News as 22
investigation that aired in 1999 that
begins with Reynard tumor was exactly in
the pattern of the antenna David Wright
went on to almost single-handedly create
a national scare when he filed a lawsuit
and went public with his allegations
well we're suing the carrier we're suing
the manufacturer
there was great alarm on Wall Street
even though Reynard lawsuit was later
thrown out by a judge for a lack of
reliable scientific evidence it left the
cellphone industry with a huge public
relations problem so mark could you
comment on that and also the distinction
if there is any in terms of possible
risks of using a cell phone to talk as
against using it for email or for
texting is there a difference from what
you've learned about possible risks
that's really where the industry
wireless industry's propaganda campaign
was launched because as Brian Ross's
report just showed they had a huge
public relations problem at that point
it was their congressional subcommittees
beginning to investigate the stock on
Wall Street was tanking and that's when
Tom wheeler stepped up and immediately
told a hastily kathode press conference
cellphones are safe but we're gonna
we're going to revalidate that with this
new science and that was how they then
found George Carlo the scientist who
they hired to to do that and it's
interesting George Carlo I wouldn't call
him a whistleblower exactly but he he
certainly did not work out the way that
the industry had hoped they had hired
him because he seemed liked by his own
acknowledgement in our interviews with
him he seemed like an industry guy and
they thought that because he had
previously done studies in which he said
dioxin was not terribly harmful in small
quantities docks and of course was
behind the Love Canal in the Agent
Orange scandals one of the most toxic
chemicals on earth he'd also said that
breast implants were not necessarily
dangerous so he seemed George Carlos
seemed like the kind of guy who would
return a friendly verdict for the
industry and then he did not and that is
really where their way
is parted and Carlo eventually told the
truth both to Brian Ross and to us and
in a book cellphone radiation if you
listeners want to check that out
now to your question you mean about the
differences again I'm not a scientist
here I'm a little uncomfortable talking
about that there are plenty of places
where you can go to get good information
on this I'd recommend the National
Environment Trust is one the American
Pediatrics Association has also raised
concerns about this however I I do know
this from sources that we've interviewed
on this story that you want to always
wear earbuds if you're going to use a
phone you want to minimize your use of
the phone and yes texting is better than
a phone call in terms of the amount of
radiation you're exposed to and also the
moment of the connection of the call is
when there is the biggest surge of
radiation that is after you've dialed
and you hear it ringing and then it
connects to the other phone that at that
moment hold that phone away from you the
farther away it is from your skull the
less radiation that is going to be
touching you but again the main thing is
to just limit your use of all of this to
the maximum extent that you can use
landlines when you can you know the
world still spun on its axis we all had
our lives before there were cell phones
you can do it folks I wanted to ask you
about the criticism of your piece dr.
David Gorski a surgical oncologist of
Barbara and kimonos son Cancer Institute
wrote a piece for his blog science-based
medicine criticizing your report his
post is headlined the nation indulges in
fear-mongering about cell phones and
cancer in it dr. Gorski writes an
article published last week in the
nation likens wireless telephone
companies to tobacco and fossil fuel
episodes and their tactics of spreading
fear misinformation and doubt regarding
the science of cell phone radiation
health to produce this narrative the
investigations authors rely on
unreliable sources and cherry-pick
scientific studies ignoring the
scientific consensus that cellphone
radiation almost certainly doesn't cause
cancer all the while disingenuously
claiming that they aren't taking a
position on the health effects of radio
waves
dr. Gorski continues the idea that the
radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation
used by cell phones and wireless
networks is somehow causing horrendous
health effects in humans be it cancer
brain breast or other behavioral
problems mental illness or whatever is
like anti vaccine pseudoscience a claim
not supported by evidence that just will
not go away says dr. Gorski your
response to that mark hard start thank
you doctor dr. Gorski for providing such
a illuminating illustration of the very
kind of disinformation campaign we're
talking about here we're not scientists
but maybe he would revisit his blog post
if he looked at what the peer review of
independent credentialed scientists just
said last week about the National
Toxicology programs finding they said
quote unquote clear evidence clear
evidence that cell phone radiation
causes cancer
we are not cherry-picking that is
exactly what the biggest study ever
funded by the United States government
has said about this and it was not what
the government agency was trying to say
the government agency was trying to
retreat from that position and it's only
because of peer-reviewed scientists on
the outside that we know that go back
and read our piece and compare it to the
the good doctors blog I'm very confident
that our reporting stands up well mark I
know you have to take your daughter
Karen to school congratulations on her
thirteenth birthday today
just Chiara have a cell phone she has a
cell phone that I will say her mother
gave her for my objection I going there
and we're not gonna go there but she is
limited on the cell phone
and has its nose that you must always
use ear plugs and ear buds rather and to
limit the the usage so we try and
analyze it like that and she has
promised to watch this show and to read
the nation piece and we're going to
revisit all that I understand this is
something that is in every household in
America and by the way we didn't talk
about
this but they also deliberately addicted
their customers to this technology
just like the cigarette companies the
tobacco companies had as nicotine to
cigarettes the wireless companies
deliberately addicted people to this
technology they've admitted that Sean
Parker at Facebook talked about that in
November and they are now regretting
that some of those individuals but the
fact remains that this is a highly
addictive technology and they were told
20 years ago that this could cause
cancer in kids and they kept doing it
think about that think about that well
let's end with Sean Parker who was
speaking at an axial vent in
Philadelphia last year Facebook's
founding president Sean Parker who said
Facebook was deliberately designed to
hook users that thought process was all
about how we consume as much of your
time and conscious attention as possible
and that means that we need to sort of
give you a little dopamine hit every
once in a while because someone liked or
commented on a photo or a post or
whatever and that's going to get you to
contribute more content and that's gonna
get you you know more likes and comments
on it's a it's a valid it's a social
validation feedback loop that that it's
like I mean it's exactly the kind of
thing that a that a hacker like myself
would come up with because you're
exploiting a vulnerability in in human
psychology it literally changes your
relationship with society with each
other with yeah and yet you know it it
it probably interferes with productivity
in weird ways it god only knows what
it's doing to to our children's brains
that's Facebook's founding president
Sean Parker talking about how the site
was deliberately designed to hook users
that does it for our interview with Mark
hurt scarred the nation's environment
correspondent and investigative editor
we will link to the nation's new
investigation which he co-wrote with
Mark doughy headlined how big Wireless
made us think that cell phones are safe
mark hurts guard is you out there of
seven bucks
including hopped living through the next
fifty years on earth to see part one of
our discussion with mark Kurtz guard go
to democracynow.org I'm Amy Goodman with
nermeen Shaikh thanks so much for
joining us
[Music]
