this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez
Claudia Gomez Gonzalez that is the name
of the 19 year old indigenous Guatemalan
woman who was so us who u.s. Border
Patrol agent shot in the head last week
killing her in Texas near the US border
Claudia's nickname was princess Sita or
little princess the Guatemalan consulate
in Del Rio Texas has called for an
investigation into her death while
criticizing the violence and excessive
use of force by the border patrol border
the border patrol initially claimed that
the shooting occurred after an agent
quote came under attack by multiple
subjects using blunt objects the
original statement described Claudia as
one of the assailants but later the
agency changed its story saying the
agent opened fire after quote the group
ignored the verbal commands and instead
we rushed him but a resident who lives
near the shooting said she never heard
the agent yell anything at the time of
her death claudia was headed to Virginia
where her boyfriend Yossi Marta Morales
lives Yossi Maher posted this emotional
video message online first off good
evening I want to thank the people who
live in Texas at the border thank you
for all the support you have given me
into social media thank you for the
support to continue moving forward I
know that losing a family member is a
painful thing losing a loved one despite
all the plans that one has to see each
other again unfortunately it didn't
happen like that my girlfriend was
killed while crossing the border an
immigration agent shot her unfortunately
she was shot in the head and killed
immediately I'm asking please for
everyone who sees this video support me
in demanding justice and bringing to
justice the person who did this losing a
family member is painful
it's tragic losing a loved one I'm
asking for your help in demanding
justice thank you Claudia Gomez Gonzalez
his family says she was attempting to
come to the United States to further her
education
this is her mother Lydia Gonzales I'll
save some money she said I'll earn money
for my studies she said but
unfortunately she was unable to do that
my poor little girl my little baby no no
no this can't be she's gone my baby
that's how it is I want justice for my
girl because it's not fair for them to
do this now
if people are able to help me retrieve
my baby's body as soon as possible
that's what I want
we can't do anything else now she's dead
she's dead the shooting death of Claudia
Gomez Gonzalez is not an isolated
incident recent investigation by the
Guardian newspaper revealed the US
government has paid over 60 million
dollars over the past decade to settle
claims against border patrol this
includes at least 20 wrongful death
claims filed against CBP that's Customs
and Border Patrol to talk more about
these stories were joined by two guests
aster Dominguez is director of the ACLU
border rights Center and Sara McCray is
an award-winning investigative
journalist and contributes to the
Guardian earlier this month she wrote a
three-part investigation into border
patrol violence but we're gonna begin
with aster Dominguez talk about exactly
what you know happened to Claudia
good morning Amy we know that last week
on Wednesday May 23rd according to
Border Patrol
klaudia but the DCI Gomez Gonzalez
crossed the border with a group of
immigrants border patrol arrived to the
scene after someone reported the little
activity and encountered the group we
know after is that border patrol States
the group attacked the agent with blunt
objects calling Claudia one of the
assailants and shot her in the head on
Friday border patrol retracted and
doesn't call her an assailant anymore
but a group a member of the group that
was crossing and the agency states that
the agent was no longer
attacked by a blunt wasn't attacked by a
blunt object but the group rushed to the
agent and the group didn't follow any
commands what we also know is from the
neighbor who recorded this incident
right after it had happened there is the
reason why border patrol should be
wearing body worn cameras this would
give us more clarity as to what happened
to Claudia and what led that agent is
should Claudia we have that video in
which miss Martha screams out the agents
and protests the violence that took
place right at him back her backyard
well after you've been working on this
issue for quite a while your concerns
could you talk about Customs and Border
Patrol and their tactics as they attempt
to to stem the flow of migrants coming
across the border
sure
we have several concerns about this
particular case is what happened to the
three immigrants that cross with Lilia
what is going to happen to them will
they be deported they shouldn't be
deported they should have legal
representation and there might be key
witnesses we need to know what happened
to Claudia and they should be telling
their story without fear have been
intimidate been intimidated now this
agency has a track record of violence
this isn't the first case sadly where
immigrants are killed at the hands of
Border Patrol there's been in the past
80 years around 50 people that have been
killed by the hands of Border Patrol and
the agency also has a very bad track
record in terms of accountability and
oversight we're talking about an agency
that that has a record and they have not
the officers when they violate policy
are not accountable for their actions
just an example the 20/20 video that
probably you've seen of the teenage boy
goose goose
Marcus he was a teenage boy that was
crossing the San Diego border and he was
suspected of carrying liquid meth the
agents asked the the teenage boy to
drink the liquid meth right there
against policy
the child died right after that now this
agents are still on the job and there's
no discipline or there was no action
take it as far as we know there is a lot
of reforms of this agency needs and
among them were talking about the use of
force and their their policy manuals as
well I wanted to turn to Claudia zan
Domingo Vicente this isn't the first
person who has died in this country
there are various people they are
treating us like animals and this isn't
the way it should be I'm asking the
authorities and institutions impose some
discipline or call upon the US
government to stop treating us in this
way like animals that's Claudia's aunt
dominga I wanted to bring Sara McCurry
into this conversation as she says she's
not the only person who has been killed
talk about your investigation Sara thank
you for having me on Amy I'm glad to be
here to talk about this because what I
found when I looked at fatal encounters
with Border Patrol agents over the last
15 years not including just fatal
shootings but all manner of encounters I
found counting Claudia's death now 98
fatal encounters with Border Patrol
agents in the last 15 years and that
includes shootings as I mentioned and
and shootings in which incidents like
what happened to Claudia
you know that there there there are
pattern among them among those fatal
encounters but the fatal encounters also
include a whole nother litany of
violence as Astrid mentioned there have
been fatal encounters that have happened
as a result of malice and negligence in
addition to the incident that happened
with the teenager attempting to cross
there have been people who have drowned
there have been people who've died from
not from supposedly non-lethal force
people who've died after being pepper
sprayed and Tay
and beaten I found that through looking
at civil suit settlements the agency has
paid out over the last you know dozen or
so years I separately looked at fatal
encounters because what I started seeing
in all the civil suit settlements were a
number of wrongful death claims and I
felt that that probably only hinted the
number was so small and I had heard of
so many other incidents I felt that the
number of claims that have actually
settled out only hinted at what was a
broader pattern of violence and so I saw
20 wrongful death claims over you know a
dozen or so years but digging deeper
looking at fatal encounters some of
which have been dismissed in court some
of which have never made it to court
because another important point that
Astrid shared are that in many instances
some of the eyewitnesses are migrants
themselves and and you know without
those eyewitness accounts it's very hard
to bring a complaint but what the cases
that we do know about you know share
features of that came up in the shooting
of Claudia Gomez Gonzales and the only
reason we know about some of these other
cases is because of the persistence of
family members you know in demanding
justice and because of solidarity of you
know border communities in supporting
family members in those claims this is
not the first shooting by far in which
we've seen agents allege you know that
that people were throwing objects at
them most prevalently that's been rocks
there have been a number of cross-border
shooting incidents where alleged rock
throwing has come up but there have also
been those shootings inside the United
States one of which was even settled
under the current Department of Justice
in which a man was alleged to have
thrown you know what an agent called
basketball-sized rocks at him from above
that agent was back at work within six
days local news media reported what the
lawyer in that case told me that the
current Department of Justice settled
out that case were a half million
dollars told me that the medical
examiner's report was at odds with the
agents account because the man died from
two downward trajectory bullet wounds
and was a very slight stature to be
throwing basketball-sized
rocks rock throwing and the throwing of
objects allegedly has come up so often
in indebted use of deadly force among
Border Patrol agents that it even
prompted a change in policy in 2014
which stated that you know after looking
at many incidents and this came from the
current chief of the Border Patrol at
the time what a study of those incidents
found was that agents could in many
instances simply move out of harm's way
that deadly force wasn't necessary and
so that prompted a change in policy
regarding thrown objects in 2014 and the
shooting of Claudia Gomez Gonzalez is
one that's taken place since then that
seems to be from what we can tell
although the facts are obscured which is
another common occurrence in many of
these fatal shooting incidents but from
what we can tell this shooting that
would seem to be in violation of that
policy regarding their initial claim
which they've already walked back oh
sorry I wanted actually you mentioned
that but you heard it out many of these
cases through looking through civil
suits many of these deaths got very
little publicity but certainly the
Customs and Border Patrol knows exactly
who dies in interactions with them
what's your sense of the accountability
within the agency but in terms of the
agents involved in these cases I think
that when people say this agency that
there's a culture of impunity in this
agency when people say that this agency
acts as if it's above the law I think
that that is absolutely a fair statement
what I found when I looked at you know
anything I could find regarding
accountability and oversight for some of
these incidents you know there's a
shooting that was not dissimilar from
that of Claudia Gomez Gonzalez that goes
back to 2007 although I found fatal
incidents before that and fatal
shootings before that but the one that
the one that occurred in 2007 is notable
it was a young man approximately 20
years old had recently crossed the
border according to the civil suit he
was with siblings the border patrol
agent that showed up showed up as a
result of a National Guard alert
and soon afterwards a young man was shot
and killed in the words of the complaint
execution-style the government went on
to settle that civil suit for seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars in a
very very rare incident instance the
agent in that shooting was actually
criminally charged and twice he walked
away free after a hung jury that him
being having brought charges against him
is very rare a conviction is even rarer
we've yet to see that we've actually
just seen another Border Patrol agent
who was found not guilty of murder
although he'll be retrial de ghin this
Hill he'll face a retrial again this
fall in the shooting death a
cross-border shooting death of a teen
who allegedly threw rocks so those are
two very rare instances in which
criminal charges were brought
but in which there were no convictions
meanwhile in terms of the agency's own
internal reviews they'd they set up a
national use-of-force Review Board but
if you look at any public report any
report that that Review Board has made
public they have found you know all of
the incidents all of the incidents in
accordance with Standing policy at the
time although some of those some of
those incidents have actually compelled
the agency to even change their policy
regarding you know firing at shooting
vehicles in regarding you know allegedly
thrown objects and so you know it's it's
there's there's very little
accountability that we can tell has
taken place I want to join a stirred
back into the conversation aster
Dominguez talked about the new ACLU
report detailing the widespread abuse
and neglect of unaccompanied immigrant
children detained by border agents
during the Obama administration the ACLU
uncovering documents detailing verbal
physical sexual abuse of migrant
children the denial of clean drinking
water adequate food failure to provide
necessary medical care detention and
freezing unsanitary conditions can you
talk about what further you found in
what you're demanding this report was
published last week as you will state at
these are documents that the agency
provided that go from 2009 to 2014 the
agency provided to over 30,000 pages of
internal documents of complaints that
have been placed against CBP from
children abuses and this is I mean the
stories are appalling
these there are stories from kids
claiming that they the agents not only
beat them but also psychologically
mistreated them calling them dogs
threatening them with rape or you know
to let them they were gonna let them die
the kids were refused basic necessities
just like you mentioned like water food
a girl was sexually assaulted an agent
opened up her legs and touch her
so part that she screamed and these
documents are on our website at the ACLU
so we only have 30 seconds so what
you're calling for in those cases and in
the case of Claudia so first of all we
need it's a it's an investigation we
need to know that these types of abuses
are not happening anymore even though
this was during the Obama administration
we ought to make sure that CBP has
changed and that these abuses are not
currently happening
second of all the oversight agencies
over CBP which is the OIG the Office of
Inspector General the civil rights civil
liberties office and their internal
affairs should also have super greater
powers to make sure that agents are held
accountable for their actions and that
this abuse is no longer happened to kids
who are in Border Patrol custody I want
to thank you both very much for being
with us Esther Dominguez director of the
ACL u--'s border rights Center speaking
to us from Houston and Sarah McCray
award-winning investigative journalist
contributed to the Guardian speaking to
us from st. Louis I'm Amy Goodman with
Juan Gonzalez thanks for joining us
