[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue to look
at Brazil where a far-right former Army
officer who openly supports
dictatorships and torture has been
overwhelmingly elected president Gerry
Olson Otto's election marks the most
radical political shift in Brazil since
military rule ended more than 30 years
ago he won 55 percent of the vote easily
defeating Fernando Haddad a of the
leftist Workers Party still with us in
Rio de Janeiro for part two of our
discussion is the Pulitzer prize-winning
journalist Glenn Greenwald one of the
founding editors of the intercept Glenn
we spoke to you before the selection now
president Trump has just tweeted
congratulating a year volson Otto
but Glenn while people protested in the
streets as his victory was announced 55
percent of Brazilians and you can
explain who votes and who doesn't
voted for this far-right former Army
official exactly I think that's a
critical point it is true that bol
Cynara won wealthier neighborhoods
predominantly white regions of the
country so the upper class was
absolutely at least in the second round
supportive of ulsan ro he wasn't the
primary choice of the establishment in
the first round but in the second round
they were behind him but Brazil is a
country with massive inequality and a
tiny percentage of its population is
rich so the only way you win 55 percent
of the vote in a country where voting is
mandatory is if you also win a huge
number of people who are anything but
rich and anything but white and anything
but ensconced in safe enclaves so I
think that it's very important to avoid
the storyline that fascism won because
rich white people got behind it they did
get behind it but a huge number of other
people got behind it or else he wouldn't
have won and the reason they got behind
it is not necessarily because they
support fascism a lot of them have spent
the last sixteen years voting for the
center-left Workers Party it's because
they feel like the ruling class of
Brazil
which includes not only the oligarchic
class but also the center-left
establishment of PT that has governed
the country for 14 years has turned
their backs on them and failed them
and when that happens when enough people
in the country perceive that the ruling
and establishment class do not care
about their futures and don't care about
their welfare they're going to run into
the arms of demagogues who rightly or
wrongly accurately or inaccurately are
portraying themselves as outsiders to
that system and are threatening to burn
it down and that's the lesson of Brazil
but also of the US and and and and
Europe European democracies as well that
we are very reluctant to embrace can you
describe what the jailing of Lula the
previous president well before Joe Meaux
who SEF who also was impeached his
successor what this meant since he was
the front-running presidential candidate
but then was jailed
whooaaa is obviously a singular
political force there's almost nobody
like him even in the entire democratic
world when it comes to charisma and the
ability to connect with people on a
visceral level there's certainly no
leftist leader and they were in the
world like him and so the project of
Brazilian elites for the last three or
four years has been to destroy PT and
finally remove them from power because
they thought they were gonna get this
center-right banker friendly party in
Canada in their place it all backfired
terribly but that plan could only work
if Lula was banned from running the only
way you could ban Lula from running is
if you quickly imprisoned him on
conviction charges and then upheld that
conviction in a very fast and dubious
way which is what happened so Lula's
imprisonment was done under very
questionable circumstances to put that
mildly it was obviously carried out with
the intention to bar him from running
and it is true that public opinion polls
showed him as the front-runner I think
we should be cautious though about
assuming that have Lula been able to
won't run he would have won it's
certainly possible but even those early
polls that showed him at 35 30
percent a lot of these polls showed
early on that bowl scenario was very
very low in the polls at 20 percent not
really able to get over that I think
it's very possible that the climate of
the country was such that they were
going to reject anyone associated enough
with the old political system even Lula
but certainly just because of his
personal charisma and connection to the
populace and the popularity that he had
because of his success he was by far the
candidate most likely to win from the
left which is why for sure they ended up
in prison and barring his candidacy I'd
like to turn to comments Paul senado
made earlier this month speaking to a
crowd of supporters through his cell
phone when he pledged a cleansing never
seen before we are the majority we will
build a new nation they lost in 2016 and
they will lose again next week
only the cleansing will now be much
lighter either they leave or go to jail
these red outcasts will be banished from
our homeland and Lula da Silva you're
going to rot in jail wait for her dodge
to get there too since you love each
other so much you're going to rot in
jail it will be a cleansing never seen
before in Brazilian history you will see
proud armed forces a civilian and a
military police with legal backing to
enforce the law against you criminals
from the landless workers movement
criminals of the homeless workers
movement your actions will be typify Daz
terrorism
so that is Junior bull senado right
before the selection talk about the
significance of what he is what he means
by this cleansing and the military and
the police going after and for those who
aren't familiar around the world the
landless movement the workers party etc
Glen yeah so I hope nobody needs me to
explain how terrifying that language is
it I mean I wasn't personally surprised
by it but a lot of people who had
declared their neutrality I'm talking
about prominent influential people in
Brazil who have long been in the center
or even the center right and 8pt
were so alarmed by that unhinged
rhetoric that they actually declared
their support for PT saying I never
thought that I would do this ever in my
life but I'm voting for PT because
although PT has robbed me for the last
15 years they've never threatened me
this way so as I said in the first part
of the show what's not being fully
appreciated about Bolson ro is that he's
not part of this newer alt-right
movement but instead comes from the
military regime that ruled the country
for 21 years during the Cold War and
carried out like all of these far-right
anti communist regimes did atrocities
that they thought were justified in the
name of fighting communism and there's a
really moving and remarkable op-ed in
this morning's New York Times that I
would encourage all of your viewers to
read by a Brazilian writer named Marcel
or gubins whose father during the
dictatorship was an elected member of
Congress a socialist not a communist but
a socialist and when the military Hunta
took over Brazil with the help of the US
and the UK they simply cancelled his
mandate in Congress they removed him
from Congress and then one day a couple
years later they came to his house
arrested him his wife and his 15 year
old daughter in front of their three
small children took them to where people
were tortured and they never saw their
father again he was tortured to death
over the next 48 hours
those are the kinds of atrocities that
were committed by the very people that
balsan ro who are still alive today and
that ball scenario intends to empower
and who he explicitly wants to replicate
so again it's hard to put into words the
kinds of threats that are opposed to
basic human rights and the right of
dissent and democratic values as he made
very clear in that speech that you just
played brazil's dictatorship ended in
1985 do you think brazil's congress the
legislature the supreme court are strong
enough to keep him in check or even to
survive I don't think anyone knows the
answer to that first of all the Congress
it's important to point out has been
flooded with the far-right movement of
which Ballston era was a part people
that no one had ever heard of two months
ago were swept into office and by virtue
of nothing other than affiliating
themselves with ball scenario so he has
huge support in the Congress for
whatever it is he wants to do the
question of the courts his son got
caught on tape just three months ago
that was just released and found in the
last week when he was asked what he
would do if the Supreme Court tried to
impede his father's ascension to power
or his agenda basically said well we
could just send a tank and an army to
outside of the Supreme Court and I don't
think anyone's going to go into the
street in support of the Supreme Court
so the only faction that can really
impose limits on bohlson ro is the
military and that is the big looming
question is on the one hand you have a
military that obviously ran the country
under the dictatorship and is still
connected to the people who did it on
the other hands they now have had three
decades of being inculcated with the
idea that their principal patriotic duty
is to defend democracy in the
Constitution from anyone who might
threaten it and so they're now
definitely consolidated behind Molinaro
for a long time they hated boston-area
because they thought that he made the
military look bad when they were trying
to rehabilitate their reputation they're
now united behind him but that is the
big mystery as to what extent will the
military kind of be a backstop
acting democracy in the Constitution
against Paulsen ro the way say the
Turkish army used to do before aired
again when it came to protecting Turkish
democracy that's their the question no
one knows the answer Glenn what role did
both social media play and also the
stabbing of bolson era what effect did
that have social media played an
enormous role in for in this country and
Brazil for a long time the corporate
media was even more dominant than it was
say in the u.s. in the 1980s in the
1990s before the proliferation of cable
news and the Internet the all of the
information was centralized in the hands
of a tiny number of television outlets
owned by the same four or five rich
families that have the same political
ideology it was impossible to win the
election without their support they
didn't support Boston ro at least from
the beginning he really was a candidate
of the internet he was created and
driven his movement was by young people
who were very internet savvy they
circumvented the establishment media
institutions they used whats app the
Facebook owned free telephone
communication service to spread all
kinds of mass information much of which
were just outright lies about PT and
about Boston ro so their ability to
exploit these new means of communication
to disseminate their messaging but also
lies was a huge part of why he won and
the stabbing of Olson ro which really
came very close to killing him had he
arrived at the hospital two minutes
earlier he would have been dead
created a huge amount of sympathy for
him it's simple it humanized him as a
victim and it also made it impossible to
attack him for almost a full month
because it's very hard to attack
somebody who is in a hospital bed with
tubes connected to them and so it
created a vacuum where he was kind of
just seen as this humanized victim who
you felt sorry for and who also seemed
to be a victim of the violent crime that
he had spent his whole campaign
denouncing it gave him the excuse to
avoid all political debates and so he
was never really forced to defend the
tie
of things that he has been advocating
are the things that he said and
obviously we'll never know what would
have happened had he not been stabbed
but there's no question that ended up
being a huge help to him do you see his
victory is part of what's happening in
Latin America you have right-wing
electoral victories in Argentina Chile
Colombia Paraguay Peru and then you know
globally as well including places like
Hungary with Orden yeah I mean look
politics is is really no longer domestic
politics is regional and politics is
global it's in part because we live in a
globalized world and it's in part
because the Internet is so pervasive in
places where until very recently it
didn't exist and so ideologies that
thrive in the most powerful and richest
countries in the world in the US Canada
in Western Europe now infiltrate much
more easily into places that had
previously been immune to them so I
absolutely see what's happening in
Brazil in one sense as being the
byproduct of unique Brazilian dynamics
the convergence of these multiple
scandals in a way that really doesn't
exist elsewhere but I see it more so as
part of a regional and global trend that
has a lot of the dynamics that we
already discussed but I want to add to
that the fact that I do think that the
left needs to ask itself why it is
increasingly failing to be able to
communicate to and provide answers for
the fears and the anxieties and the
resentments that huge portions of the
population you are not really
ideologically entrenched on the right
are harboring
and I think that is a major question
that the Brazilian Left needs to ask
itself but also the Western left which
is why is it that the people who live in
the interior who are economically
repressed who feel unrepresented by the
power structure why are they turning
away from the left which sees itself as
representing those kind of people who
are marginalized and economically Martin
and economically repressed and turning
instead to this kind of not
holistic populist right the instinct is
just to call those people names to
accuse them of xenophobia and racism and
misogyny a lot of that may be true and a
lot of cases but there's a lot more to
it than that and I think that that kind
of soul-searching needs to be done on
the left if any of these dynamics that
are obviously disturbing are to be
stemmed and then reversed I mentioned
all these countries and of course here
in the United States and elections are
coming up in just a week and we'll see
what effect these attacks of the last
just of the last week of just hours will
have from the killing of
african-americans in Louisville to the
bomb threats sent to trump opponents all
over the country a kind of Trump hit
list attack list and of course the
Pittsburgh Massacre yeah you know I
think that one of the things that's
likely to happen unfortunately in the
u.s. I mean fortunately and
unfortunately is that in general parties
that are out of power do very well in
the midterm elections and there's a huge
amount of enthusiasm on the part of the
Democratic base because of the
anti-trump sentiment that has been
building up over the course of more than
two years so I think Democrats are very
likely to do very well in the midterms
probably will take over the house and
wow that's very good in one way because
that will serve as a much needed limit
and check on what Trump's able to do on
the other hand I think that's gonna end
up masking the fundamental problems of
the Democratic Party who it's funded by
whose interest it serves it's messaging
that it never really engaged in much of
a self-critique after 2016
even though it collapsed as a national
political force and I think that it's
likely victory in 2018 at least in the
house is probably going to give it the
excuse needed to justify continuing to
push off this kind of reckoning that's
needed if the Democrats are gonna start
to recapture so many of their old voters
who have turned away from them Glenn
Greenwald want to thank you very much
for being with us Pulitzer Prize winning
journalists one of the founding editors
of the intercept if you want to see part
one of the discussion go to
democracynow.org this is democracy now
I'm Amy Goodman thanks so much for
joining us
[Music]
