here on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman the Department of Health
and Human Services is refusing to
disclose how many migrant children
separated from their parents at the
border they're still holding last week
the HHS secretary Alex's R said 2047
separated minors were still in the care
of the office of refugee resettlement
but the department has refused to give
updated numbers even though the Trump
administration is facing a July 10th
court imposed deadline that's next
Tuesday
to reunite all separated children under
the age of five with their parents two
weeks later all children must be
reunited meanwhile the separated
children continued to be sent around the
country from the border we saw this
firsthand at the airport in Brownsville
when we were reporting on the us-mexico
border in South Texas we're just back
and today we take you along that journey
that we went on from meeting with asylum
seekers at illegal port of entry to
talking with its airport worker who
describes children being brought in
early in the morning in order to be
flown out to other states I'm here in
the studio with Democracy Now producers
Laura goddess döner and renee felts who
I traveled with to the Mexican border we
encountered these children ourselves at
the airport the Trump administration has
been saying that people are illegally
entering the United States
so we went to the International bridges
in Brownsville the legal port of entry
in the legal way to enter found asylum
seekers sitting for days on the bridge
and a hot baking Sun them and their
children after being told the United
States the country was full we go on the
bridge with Christina Peppino Jewell who
is director of the Rio Grande Valley
equal voice Network and Michael Seaford
of the ACLU this is democracy now I'm
Amy Goodman with Rene felts and we're
walking over what's called the old
bridge from Brownsville into Matamoros
we're about to pay a dollar in quarters
to cross into Mexico and we hope to meet
with people who have been waiting here
for days potentially weeks seeking
asylum in the United States but have
been turned away and we'll see what
happens if there are any migrants on the
bridge we'll go over to the Mexico side
and then we'll come back my name is
Christina Pitino Hall and we're at the
old bridge at the border of Brownsville
and Matamoros and we're about to cross
into Matamoros so this bridge spans the
the river that is what makes the border
here and the actual border is in a
midpoint on the bridge so we're crossing
over the international border between
the United States and Mexico below us
the Rio Grande Christina there's a tent
a kind of makeshift tent on the car
bridge which is right next to us we're
on a sort of pedestrian walkway right
below it and they are now stopping
migrants coming over from Mexico right
there at the line at the border yes
exactly so it's new that they have a
tent for the agents on the pedestrian
side on the on the as you cross from
Mexico into the United States and that
tent is only for the agents it's not for
the people seeking asylum so there's a
line now of people seeking asylum
without shade or shelter and what's new
now that we've seen in the last few
weeks is that previously you could cross
the actual boundary the actual border
into the United States and you would get
off the bridge and after you've crossed
into the United States you can make a
case for your asylum legally you the
United States government is obligated to
see you and to process your case for
asylum but now that they're stopping
people at the boundary you don't have
permission to make that request until
you step foot into the United States so
we'll be going through Mexican customs
right now as you can see when we crossed
into Mexico from the United States there
was no age and asking for our documents
on this side it's all a new development
and very makeshift on the part of the
United States we've just come in to
Mexico we crossed over the highway and
we're now going to cross back into the
United States so
what about all this so this is the cars
coming from Mexico into the United
States
and up here will be a line of people who
are going to want to ask for political
asylum but who are being stopped at the
top of the bridge in the Sun and told
they have to wait their turn that
there's no capacity to to process them
when in matter of fact yeah I think I
see a baby crib already up there
sarens and Colorado said yes yes each
one wins and Doris Arkady hero
go get our nails on
[Music]
so we're coming away from the migrants
who are sitting on the bridge trying to
pass into the United States democracy
now is Laura got is dinner with us Laura
talk about the woman who was on the
bridge
sure so Evelyn explained that she and
her two-year-old daughter Jennifer fled
Guatemala because of a domestic violence
situation the father of her daughter and
you know when I asked she said I went
multiple times to the police and every
single time they said I can't help you
I'm not going to help you so when I
finally asked you think there's any
protection for you as a woman in
Guatemala in a domestic violence case
she said no my only option is to come to
the United States and she's got family
here and she's hoping that she'll be
able to apply for asylum the problems
that you know she's been camped out on
the bridges now for four days
they haven't even allowed her in
violation of domestic and international
law to apply for asylum but if she does
get in it will be probably a challenging
situation because Attorney General Jeff
Sessions did recently announced that
domestic violence cases will no longer
serve as a basis for political asylum
which is a very big problem for
thousands upon thousands of women
fleeing Central America and other places
so that is the old international bridge
in Brownsville Texas between Brownsville
and Matamoros Mexico we also went to the
new bridge and found exactly the same
thing democracy now is Laura goddess
döner and Rene felt her in the studio
with us right now Laura as when you talk
to this 21 year old Guatemalan mother
with her two year old trial too afraid
to be shown on camera but desperate she
had been on both bridges yeah exactly a
mrs. she had waited on one bridge and
been told the u.s. is not allowing
anybody in so then she finally after
about a day and a half went to the next
bridge and they told her you know the
u.s. is full you have to wait she had
some hopes because the you know Border
Patrol was letting in about a family a
day this is one of the major
international points of entry and legal
ports of entry and you know what was
encouraging was we saw a bunch of food a
bunch of clothes a bunch of Gatorade the
people in the bridge agile Evelyn and
the other immigrants were saying that
both people from the US and Mexico just
regular civilians had been coming to the
bridges to make sure that they had food
had water but we have to remember it was
over 100 degrees
Evelyn mentioned that her two-year-old
daughter Jennifer was you know suffering
allergies this Mexican health worker
came by said he probably thought it was
heat rash and when asked you know even
though the US has said or Trump
administration has said it will no
longer separate families when asked you
know was she concerned about family
separation she said yeah I am concerned
about it but this is my option I think
it's important to remember you know
there's a long history of the United
States denying Guatemalan asylum cases
during the 1980s at the height of the
armed conflict when the US was training
and funding what is now well understood
to be a genocide the United States
denied 98% of all Guatemalan asylum
cases so this is not new this has been
happening for decades it happened
obviously under the Obama administration
as well but what we have to remember is
that domestic and international law came
about after World War Two and
particularly one of the most famous
cases was you know the steamship MS st.
Louis which docked right off Miami Beach
it was so close the nine hundred Jews
aboard who were fleeing Nazi Germany
could see the lights of Miami and the
admit the United States was so concerned
that not a single one of them reach us
Shores in order to try to stay and seek
safety that they sent the US Coast Guard
to patrol the ship and the waters all
around the ship to make sure nobody set
foot in the United States and that's
really important because there is a
change as you heard on this on this
bridge the u.s. border guard or have now
moved directly a makeshift
set up right on the border rather that
on the US side of the bridge so the
immigrants renee cannot walk over once
they do they have to be taken into
custody if they're applying for
political asylum that's right and we saw
guards posted right there at the halfway
point the guards had a tent
shielding them from the Sun the asylum
seekers didn't and they had been there
for weeks they said just following
orders turning people away making them
wait it's something that people that
live there have never seen before I want
to go to a conversation that we had in
Brownsville it was on Thursday right
before a massive rally one of the
biggest that Brownsville had seen
outside the federal courthouse where
migrants were being brought day after
day in groups to face judges and it's
you know Brownsville is where so many of
the children have been separated the big
rally was to keep families together
rally and we spoke with Juanita Valdez
Cox long time farm worker organizer
executive director of Lupe which stands
for la unión del pueblo antara the
community union she described the
separation of children from their
parents being deported alone
this family the father was traveling
with his 8 year old and his 10 year old
son and when they crossed the border
they were apprehended by immigration and
so the father is here at a detention
center actually not too far from here
called La Vie a detention center and the
children were placed separately so the
father calls the family and and of
course frantic and and worried that the
children that he didn't know where the
children went and so we were trying to
get the children together and get
and-and-and we didn't want to call the
father because we couldn't find them for
three days it took it took us meeting
with the Human Rights Commission from
Mexico a group of six people coming to
our office and I was telling them the
story of the children and could they go
back into Mexico and see if they could
find them it was also the father of one
of our staff member that works with us
that helped us in Mexico trying to find
the children we finally found them a
native ten year old were were deported
on their own
and the mother didn't know where they
were and the father didn't know where
they were what does it mean they're
deported how are they left where do they
go they were they they leave them they
leave them and at the border if it's
close they just put them in the in the
paddy wagons for the Border Patrol and
then they drop them off at the border
and the children cross into Mexico
but they drop an eight and ten-year-old
child on the border and they're supposed
to go into Renault sir
they went into they went into Reynosa
and hopefully there's a shelter in
Reynosa but it has been it has been
crowded because there's so many that are
being dropped off there now if you're
from a further country they could put
you in an airplane and then fly you back
but we're so close to the border that
they could just drop you off they don't
need to but the thing is they're not
responsible after after they just
dropped them off there
right it's just that it's just
uncomfortable that that is that that is
that that is what is happening first of
all it's known how dangerous Reynosa is
even for adults speaking about child
abuse they dropped and eaten a ten year
old child and the boarder and told them
to go into Mexico and to whom well I we
hope that that that the US government is
is contacting with the with the Mexican
government on the children so that they
have some assistance when they cross the
border so that they're not by themselves
right but we were not able to find them
for three days and so and so it's so
dramatic
the family was not able to find them for
three we found them for three we Lupul
another problem they are working with
lawyers with the Human Rights Commission
with a counselor and of their country
and we still took us three days to find
them and where were they from they they
are from Tabasco Tabasco Mexico so
that's one eat of all does Cox executive
director of Lupe and then she had this
to say about a nine month old child and
a one-year-old child alone separated
from their parents
yes they are in this Detention Center
but the parents are not there and when
the congressman went in to see that they
when they come back out and talk to the
community we had a meeting with them
there though they tell us what they see
and this is what they were seeing
now we put together what the congressman
see and the phone calls we get of
parents that are looking for their
children many times they can get a hold
of a relative and the relative comes to
Lupe or to other nonprofit organizations
and say we need your help in finding our
children and so we know that this is
happening we know that they're being
separated and the other thing that is
it's just heartbreaking is to see that
that when the children are crying yes
they can feed them and yes they can
change their diaper but they're not
allowed to they're not allowed to pick
them up and to hold them and to not
allowed to hug them no not at all
because apparently the government wants
to be careful about
I think child abuse isn't that ironic
they already do evening they already
doing the worst thing that could happen
to the children and so and so this is
this is a situation that we've that
we've been going through maybe for the
last six or eight months since this
administration started that zero
tolerance policy again that's 180 volts
Cox head of the group Lupe we spoke to
her just before a massive rally in
Brownsville on Thursday on Friday we
went to find the separated children
there in a number of detention centers
but we went to the largest it's become
quite well-known it's the old Walmart in
Brownsville called now Casa Padre I just
wanted to know is this where the 1,500
children are being held
okay well as you can see the sign says
welcome to Southwest key programs Casa
Padre this is an old Walmart in
Brownsville Texas and it's where it's
believed 1500 children are being pills
are being caged congressmen have come
here asked to come inside have not been
allowed to Senator Jeff Merkley came
here ma'am man we just want a statement
from Southwest key sheriff we want to
speak to someone and we're saying can we
call a supervisor I'm not authorized to
answer your questions I know you want to
speak to someone but if they're not
answering they're not answering I can't
help you with that but we have a
responsibility as the press there's
responsibility for this property yes but
there's 1500 children jailed inside the
press or needs to know what is happening
and that so we want to speak to someone
deny everything for the proper time
isn't it the proper point but that
number no one answers I can't help that
that's the number we're give it to give
up
we have a responsibility here we have to
speak to someone and there is certainly
there are hundreds of people who work
here and we want to speak to one of them
we want to speak to a person in charge
who can just answer our questions that's
all we're asking you're doing your job
we're doing ours right and that's that's
that's fine but like I said I can't help
you but that's why we want someone to be
called from inside who can come and who
can help us like I recognize you're a
sheriff I was working on the outside and
and we need someone from the inside of
southwest key who can talk to us about
what's happening inside like I said
ma'am
you want
soon all you want outside the barricades
you want to interview whoever's out here
that's fine but you can't just press the
barricades and I can't answer your
questions and I apologize we've come to
the southwest key programs facility
where up to 1,500 children migrant
children are being held in cages inside
we want to know what's going on we asked
to speak to a supervisor the sheriff's
deputies security all came out and their
golf court carts wherever we came to
this vast facility very few windows and
the windows we see are blacked out there
are barricades up that say keep out we
ask to speak to a supervisor they said
they could only give us a phone number
that phone number no one answered then
we were able to leave a message when we
left the message why later someone did
call back and said we'd have to call the
office of refugee resettlement they said
possibly we could get an interview in
the next 10 to 14 days we called the
number and they left and there's no
answer again this is we're up to 1,500
children are being held the barricades
say keep out and private property
private property the children private
property detained in cages inside we
come back from break we race to the
airport we meet with a child who was
just released from kassapa drew stay
with us
you
