welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman president Trump has
signed into law the Republican tax plan
which will shower billions of dollars of
tax cuts upon the rich and major
corporations while ending a central
pillar of President Obama's signature
health care law what's happening is
we're going to sign this this is a
little picture of it it fits nicely in
the box and I consider this very much a
bill for the middle class and a bill for
jobs and jobs are produced through
companies and corporations and you see
that happening corporations are
literally going wild over this I think
even beyond my expectation so far beyond
my expectation that was President Trump
signing the legislation into law Friday
in the Oval Office he's expected to
personally benefit from a tax cut of up
to fifteen million dollars a year after
signing the legislation Trump travel to
his ritzy mar-a-lago resort in Florida
where he reportedly told his friends
dining at the expensive private club
quote you all just got a lot richer in
reference to the tax law the initiation
fees from Mar Lago costs two hundred
thousand dollars in annual dues costs
13,000 experts say the one and a half
billion dollar tax cut will
overwhelmingly benefit big corporations
multimillionaires private equity
managers and President Trump and his
family while hurting the elderly
low-income families immigrants people
buying health insurance in the island of
Puerto Rico the legislation will also
repeal the Affordable Care Act's
individual mandate which experts say
will cause health insurance premiums to
skyrocket the bill also opens up
drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife
Refuge a recent NBC news/wall Street
Journal poll found only 21 percent of
Americans thinks the tax plan is a good
idea its passage has sparked protests on
Capitol Hill and in Los Angeles where a
psychologist named Robert strong said he
hand-delivered a gift-wrapped package
filled with horse manure to the home of
Treasury
secretary steve minuchin on Sunday night
Christmas Eve in order to protest the
tax plan I didn't send it and delivered
it this new tax law that's going to kick
millions of people off of health care
and ultimately going to give the
corporation's tons of money at the
expense of the average working poor
family I felt like I needed to do
something that was equally absurd that
was Los Angeles psychologist Robert
strong the tax cut will be 1.5 trillion
dollars meanwhile also in California
students and activists have launched a
statewide campaign to gather signatures
for a ballot measure that would
reinstate California's inherited estate
tax in order to provide free tuition for
public universities and community
colleges across California they launched
the grassroots initiative only days
after Republican lawmakers voted to
slash the federal estate tax as part of
Trump's tax plan this is one of the
student organizers my name is Debbie s
an attorney in tent city college in San
Francisco College for all is a ballot
initiative that my college tuition free
all across California which includes UCS
Cal States and community colleges by
taxing the inheritance of the rich it
prioritizes low-income students but it
also includes undocumented students
under eighty one thirty formerly
incarcerated students and
non-traditional students those who do
not go to college directly from high
school that was Cynthia Diaz a student
organizer with the College for all
California campaign the New York Times
reports President Trump made derogatory
and false claims about a number of
different immigrant groups during an
oval office meeting in June
Trump reportedly fumed about Haitians
who had received US visas falsely
claiming they all have AIDS he also
complained about Nigerians who had
received visas saying after they came to
the US they would never go back to their
huts in Africa Trump also called
Afghanistan a terrorist Haven the White
House has denied Trump made the
derogatory statements in Seattle
Washington a federal judge has partially
lifted president Trump's latest travel
ban after the ACLU and the Jewish Family
Service argued the bed
causes irreparable harm and prevents
people from majority Muslim countries
from reuniting with family members
living in the United States the ruling
by Judge James Robart came only one day
after a three-judge appeals panel also
ruled the latest version of the ban is
in violation of federal law
the latest ban prohibits the entry of
most citizens of Iran Libya Syria Yemen
Somalia Chad and North Korea along with
some groups of people from Venezuela the
Deputy Director of the FBI Andrew McCabe
is expected to resign within the next
few months McCabe was the right-hand man
a former FBI director James Comey and he
briefly ran the FBI after President
Trump fired Comey
McCabe has now faced months of
escalating pressure and attacks from
Republican lawmakers unnamed sources
have told The Washington Post McCabe
plans to retire as soon as he's eligible
for full pension benefits over the
weekend President Trump took to Twitter
repeatedly criticizing the cave in a
tweet storm that experts say could
constitute witness intimidation
McCabe may be called as a witness and
Special Counsel Robert Miller's ongoing
investigation into whether the Trump
campaign colluded with Russia and
whether Trump committed obstruction of
justice by firing former FBI director
James Comey Richard painter who serves
as chief White House Ethics lawyer for
President George W Bush tweeted using
Twitter on Christmas Eve to intimidate a
witness McCabe in a criminal
investigation is not a very Christian
way to celebrate the holiday but it does
make mr. Miller's job easier and that's
a nice thing to do Merry Christmas
painter tweeted the leadership of Miss
America Organization has resigned after
The Huffington Post published a series
of emails in which the organization's
CEO and its employees referred to the
women contestants as the c-word and
malcontent called former winner gretchen
carlson a snake and shamed another
former winner about her weight gain in
response to the expose 49
former Miss America's called on the
organization CEO Sam Haskell and other
leaders to resign Haskell and other
members of the leadership then resigned
over the weekend the US ambassador to
the United Nations nikki Haley is
claiming the u.s. helped push the United
Nations to cut its budget for the
upcoming year by 285 million dollars
Haley's statement on Sunday came only
days after President Trump threatened to
cut off funding to countries if they
voted against the United States decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel despite Trump's threats the UN
General Assembly voted overwhelmingly
against the u.s. last week in Yemen
residents say US backed saudi-led
airstrikes killed more than 70 civilians
in a 48-hour period this weekend
the residents say the bombing killed
women and children in the capital sana
and flattened buildings and other
residential neighborhoods airstrikes
also reportedly injured civilians
attending a demonstration against
President Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital in
Afghanistan a suicide bombing in the
capital Kabul killed at least 10 people
Monday Isis has claimed responsibility
for the blast which occurred near an
office of the National Directorate of
security Human Rights Watch says the
Syrian government and Russia have
escalated their bombing campaign against
Eastern gluta a suburb of the capital
Damascus the rebel-held area has been
besieged by the Syrian government since
2013 there are currently four hundred
thousand people living in the besieged
region where supplies of food water and
medicine are in short supply protests
have erupted in Peru after the president
Pedro Pablo Kaczynski pardoned former
President Alberto Fujimori who was
imprisoned for crimes including ordering
massacres by death squads in the 1990s
he's now been released from prison many
saw the pardon as a quid pro quo only
days earlier lawmakers aligned with
fujimori helped the current president an
ex Wall Street banker of
avoid being impeached on corruption
charges this is a protester speaking
from a demonstration in Peru's capital
Lima on Monday we were demanding
Peruvian president Pedro Pablo
Kozinski's resignation and the
reconviction again of this practitioner
of genocide Alberto Fujimori everyone in
the forge Morrison a priest the American
popular revolutionary Alliance groups
really everyone in Congress the Peruvian
people are within all their rights to
unite in a national insurgency in the
Philippines more than 200 people have
died after Typhoon tendin hit the
southern region of Mindanao Friday the
tropical storm caused landslides and
widespread flooding at least a hundred
more people are still missing and more
than 50 thousand people spent Christmas
and mandatory evacuation camps the storm
is now heading to Vietnam where
thousands have evacuated in more news
from the Philippines at least 37 people
have died in a fire at a shopping mall
in the southern city of Davao all 37
were workers at a call center that was
based inside the mall unions say the
fatalities were caused by a failure to
enforce labor laws including workplace
safety inspections in the disputed
territory of Kashmir Indian troops have
killed a man they claim was the
commander of a pakistan-based militant
group the news of the killing sparked
protests in which at least six
protesters were injured by Indian
soldiers firing tear gas and pellet guns
this year has been the deadliest year in
a decade in Kashmir with at least 350
people killed amidst India's military
offensive dubbed Operation all-out back
in the United States in Texas police
shot and killed a six-year-old child
only days before Christmas the boy
Cameron Prescott was killed when a stray
bullet shot by a sheriff's deputy tore
through the wall of his family's mobile
home in a small city outside San Antonio
the sheriff says the officers were at
the mobile home park after receiving a
call about a stolen vehicle their
deputies encountered a suspect a 30 year
old woman and opened fire killing her in
the six year-old boy
the woman was unarmed except for a small
pipe the sheriff calls the killing of
the child a tragic accident
claims the deputies follow departmental
policies the Washington Post database
says at least 952 people have been
killed by police so far this year in the
United States in New York City 27 year
old activist Erica garner is in a coma
after suffering a heart attack
Erica garner is a nationally recognized
anti-police brutality activists whose
help lead the struggle for justice for
her father Eric garner who was killed
when police officers in Staten Island
wrestled him to the ground pinned him
down and applied a fatal chokehold in
2014 his final words I can't breathe 11
times Erica's mother says her daughter
was hospitalized on Saturday after an
asthma induced heart attack this is
Erica Garner speaking on Democracy Now
last year I protested I've spoke on
panels I traveled all across this nation
and I resource or avenues
I even endorsed Bernie Sanders to get my
message out and it's like we keep having
a conversation I exhausted for two years
and you know how much talking do we need
to have the black lives matter movement
been very compassionate patient and
basically begging the nation you know we
are under attack as black people we are
being gunned down every day and these
offices is not being held accountable
and no charges from Tamir rice to my dad
Freddie gray you know has been that's
Erica garner speaking on Democracy Now
last year she's currently in a medically
induced coma after suffering an asthma
induced heart attack she gave birth a
few months before photographer Don Hogan
Charles has died at the age of 79 he's
most famous for his photographs of the
civil rights movement including the
iconic image of Malcolm X holding a
rifle while peering out of the window of
his home in Queens New York Charles was
the first African American photographer
hired by the New York Times he died
earlier this
in East Harlem and Christians around the
world celebrated Christmas this weekend
on Sunday night Pope Francis called for
peace in Jerusalem and a two-state
solution to the israeli-palestinian
conflict during his Christmas Eve Mass
in questa Jonah defaced I invoke on this
festive day let us ask the Lord for
peace for Jerusalem and for all the Holy
Land
let us pray that the will to resume
dialogue may prevail between the parties
and that a negotiated solution can
finally be reached one that would allow
the peaceful coexistence of two states
within mutually agreed and
internationally recognized borders Pope
Francis's call comes amidst ongoing
protests across the Israeli occupied
Palestinian territories after President
Trump announced the US would recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move
the US Embassy there an Israeli military
crackdown against the ongoing protests
has killed at least 12 Palestinians so
far during Pope Francis's Christmas Eve
Mass he also lifted up the plight of
refugees worldwide and called for peace
for the Muslim minority Rho Hingis
who've been the victims of a brutal
ethnic cleansing campaign by the Burmese
military to neighbor many go in contrato
I see Jesus again and the children I met
during my recent visit to Burma and
Bangladesh and it is my hope that the
international community will not cease
to work to ensure that the dignity of
the minority groups present in the
region is adequately protected the UN
General Assembly has voted
overwhelmingly in favor of a resolution
demanding Burma end the military
campaign against the rangas grant the
persecuted minority group full
citizenship rights and ensure the safe
return of the hundreds of thousands of
Rohan goes who have fled into
neighboring Bangladesh and those are
some of the headlines this is democracy
now democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman
