you're on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez
well voters in West Virginia Ohio
Indiana and North Carolina headed to the
polls Tuesday to decide a number of key
primaries in West Virginia the state's
Republican Attorney General Patrick
Morrissey won a closely watched US
Senate primary defeating US
Representative Evan Jenkins and former
coal baron
Don Blankenship Blankenship had served a
year in prison after 29 miners died in
the 2010 Upper Big Branch Mine disaster
he faced intense criticism after
releasing an ad attacking Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and his
quote China family
Patrick Morrissey will now face the
conservative Democratic Senator Joe
Manchin in November in Ohio Richard
Cordray defeated former Congress member
Dennis Kucinich in the state's
Democratic primary for governor Cordray
served as the first director the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau he
will now face Mike DeWine in November to
determine who will replace outgoing Ohio
Governor John Kasich in Indiana vice
president Mike Pence's brother Greg
pence won the Republican primary for the
congressional seat in eastern Indiana
that was once well vice president
Pence's female candidates were also big
winners Tuesday according to political
there were 20 open Democratic House
primaries with women on the ballot and
voters selected a female nominee in 17
of those 20 races in Ohio Rachel crooks
one of at least 19 women who've accused
President Trump of sexual harassment and
assault won an uncontested primary for
seat in the state's House of
Representatives to talk more about these
races and other primary results were
joined by two guests in New York Tim
Murphy he's a senior reporter at Mother
Jones his latest story is headlined
Donald Trump's attacks on justice system
are helping this ex-con coal barons
campaign and in Washington we're joined
by Kevin Robillard senior political
reporter for HuffPost Tim I want to
begin with you in West Virginia because
while Don Blankenship did not win
the man who went to prison it related to
the deaths of 29 miners at one of his
Massey Energy coal mines he did rock the
Republican Party and I wanted to go
right now to his ad this is one of don
blankenship ads where he attacked the
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
and his so-called China family McConnell
who's opposed blankenship Senate run is
married to Secretary of Transportation
Elaine Chao Blankenship candidate for US
Senate and I approve this message
swamp captain Mitch McConnell has
created millions of jobs for China
people while doing so mitch has gotten
rich in fact this China family has given
him tens of millions of dollars Mitch
the swamp people are now running false
negative ads against me they are also
childishly calling me despicable and
mentally ill the war to drain the swamp
and create jobs for West Virginia people
has begun I will beat Joe Manchin and
ditch cocaine Mitch for the sake of the
kids cocaine Mitch and the China family
and Elaine Chows father he referred to
as the China person now you might just
say well he lost that's the point but
this was very significant in Republican
politics
yeah and it's important to note that Don
Blankenship lost last night but these
kinds of attacks in this kind of
campaign has worked for Republicans in
the recent past you don't have to look
any further than President Donald Trump
it worked for Roy more to a point and
there's reason to think it will work
again Don Blankenship happened to be
uniquely fatally flawed for a state like
West Virginia he'd just come out of
federal prison his probation he has
described himself as the most hated man
in Mingo County which ironically was one
of only four counties that he actually
won last night on the Republican side so
he was you know uniquely situated to
lose this primary the fact that it got
as close as it he did his probation his
probation period ends on Wednesday so he
can finally drive outside of the state
of West Virginia if he wishes to and he
was a longtime resident of Las Vegas
until he came back to run first
so perhaps he'll return home so this has
worked for Republicans in the past and
it might work for them again and the
fact that Blankenship came as close as
he did you know and through the
Republican Party into crisis mode
suggests that this is a really
deep-seated problem but wasn't part of
that that he had a few million dollars
of his own money to throw into the
campaign because otherwise he wouldn't
be able to buy all these television ads
and and all of the social media ads that
he did he also mounted yeah and that
gets into this kind of you know new
trumpian era of the Republican Party
Blankenship left Massey Energy in 2011
with an 86 million dollar golden
parachute he loaned his campaign about
two million dollars and he spent that on
some of the lowest quality campaign ads
that you'll ever see so he just pumped
in you know ad after ad after ad all
basically on the level of what you just
saw if it wasn't cocaine Mitch it was
attacking his opponents it was attacking
President Obama african-american judges
you name it he refers to Negroes not
African American yeah he referred to
that you know in in one of these
interviews and he also you know ran an
ad where he just showed the faces of the
judges on the Fourth Circuit Court of
Appeals who upheld his conviction for
african-american judges just so people
knew now he is not he's saying it's not
that he referred to the China family or
cocaine Mitch he is saying it's because
Trump refused to endorse him yeah and
when Trump came out and and said vote
for anybody else
Blankenship went out and said well I'm
trump eager than Trump you know it turns
out replicant voters maybe didn't want
to go Trump here than Trump and I think
at the end of the day that probably made
a pretty big difference it wasn't that
his opponents really went after him
because up until the final days they
didn't really touch Don Blankenship at
all well I'd like to bring in Kevin
Robillard or it's a discussion your big
takeaway from yesterday's of voting
around the country and especially the
the the Ohio race where with Richard
Cordray and Dennis Kucinich two
stalwarts of the sort of progressive or
liberal win the Democratic Party going
head-to-head against each other race a
lot of people thought was going to be
quite close it ended up basically being
pretty much a romp by Cordray even one
in Cuyahoga County which is Cruz Senate
is home County that includes the city of
Cleveland so really it really ended up
being Cordray was sort of backed by
elements of the left and you could
probably say the Democratic
establishment in the state he had the
backing of Elizabeth Warren the
Massachusetts senator who obviously came
up the idea for the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau he also had the
backing of former Ohio Governor Ted
Strickland who was the last Democrat to
get elected governor who Senate's had
the backing of our revolution which is
sort of the political group that came
out of Bernie Sanders campaign but not
of Bernie Sanders himself which may have
made a difference here but really it
ended up being a pretty big sweep by
Cordray and really just shows the
Democratic establishment is still pretty
good at winning these gubernatorial
primaries at this point they've won the
last several in a row dating back to
last year's Virginia gubernatorial race
and they also won in New Jersey and in
Illinois recently so really it shows
that the Democratic establishment still
has a pretty big hold on these
Democratic primaries and that for the
most part all this liberal energy we're
seeing hasn't necessarily translated
into wins for sort of the most
progressive candidates on the ballot no
one is saying that Richard Cordray isn't
progressive but clearly Dennis Kucinich
was sort of on the left of him Dennis
Kucinich I ran along with Akron City
Councilwoman Terris samples who is
african-american to be as lieutenant
governor but I want to turn to Richard
Cordray delivering his victory speech
last night I spent my entire career
fighting for Ohio consumers retirees and
families by taking on powerful interests
and gotten your money back when people
mistreated you or tried to take
advantage of you meanwhile Mike DeWine
has been serving those at the top
enabling powerful interests to have
their way in Washington and now in
Columbus instead of being an advocate he
let Ohioans be taken advantage of for
too long costing us too much and
innovating our future
that was Richard Cordray who you may
remember was first director of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
let's go on Kevin Robillard to other
major races and also the significance of
in the Democratic primaries across these
four states 17 of 20 women who ran one
well how much being a woman is now an
advantage in a Democratic primary the
party's been trending that way for a few
years now but this is really this year
has really came into its own if you look
you can go back to you the first round
of primaries in Illinois and Texas you
saw some similar results there and
really it shows that much of the energy
in the Democratic Party right now is
sort of related to the women's March is
related to the defeat of Hillary Clinton
and it's sort of interesting how now a
woman in a Democratic primary sort of
symbolizes change in a way that when
Hillary Clinton was running they almost
ended up symbolizing the status quo so
that shift has been really significant
and it's really helped a lot of women
candidates win their democratic
primaries around the country okay I want
to ask you about a race in North
Carolina that may be considered a a a
minor race but really has perhaps major
implications in Durham the race for
sheriff where the candidate who pledged
not to cooperate with ice ended up
winning and possibly will not become the
first african-american County sheriff in
Durham yeah that's really interesting
what we've seen a lot of is progressive
energy being put towards sort of
basically law enforcement positions this
is a sheriff's race in North Carolina
where the incumbent Democrat had worked
with the Trump administration had worked
with ice the new the person who won and
will likely win in November terms a
pretty democratic area has pledged not
to cooperate with ice we've also seen
this in a district attorney primary sort
of the country in Philadelphia last year
I think we could see it coming
next month there are a series of
primaries in California where there are
a number of progressives running for
District Attorney positions it's been a
really interesting place to see where
this energy has gone you've seen groups
like the ACLU you've seen George Soros
who's obviously a big liberal donor has
gotten involved in some of these fights
and it's a place where progressives are
really making some progress rousting
more established Democrats in a way that
they aren't necessarily doing a little
bit further up the ballot say at the
gubernatorial ursine well well let's go
to here the winner of the of the of the
doram sheriff's race Clarence Burkett
speaking last night after winning the
primary together did not cooperate with
ice
today we have to do everything we can
possibly do to clean up our Jail
[Applause]
humanity and dignity we're gonna keep on
dorm safe get guns off the street work
together for a new door that was
Clarence Burkett speaking last night
after winning the primary that will
likely propel him to become the first
african-american Durham County Sheriff
and the importance in terms of a state
like North Carolina also possibly states
like Georgia and an Alabama who have
seen that not only have large
african-american populations but have
seen influxes in recent years of a
considerable number of people from Latin
America of immigrants from Latin America
into those states Kevin yeah it's it's
really been interesting it's sort of a
way for again for sort of at a very low
level to fight back against some of the
the Trump administration's immigration
policies and I think you're starting to
see that sort of Alliance come together
a coalition come together to basically
fight these policies at the local level
and this is one example of that and talk
about what happened in Indiana Kevin
yeah so in Indiana there were sort of
two big takeaways
first there was Greg Prince who's
obviously the brother of vice president
Mike Pence one his brothers
congressional seat pretty easily
basically walked into the seat didn't
really seem to do much campaigning or
many media interviews the other big race
in Indiana was the Senate primary to see
who's going to take on Democratic
Senator Joe Donnelly in the fall that
was won by Mike Braun who is a sort of a
former state legislator but really has
built his career in business he ran as
sort of a miniaturized version of Trump
in some ways he's not nearly as sort of
boombastic as Trump is doesn't have the
penchant for
sort of as many crazy things as Trump
does but definitely said you know I'm
here to support the Trump agenda I'm an
outsider like Trump the other big
takeaway from that is that he beat two
sitting congressmen this was actually a
really bad night
for sitting members of Congress who are
running for higher races both in Indiana
to lost Reverend Jenkins lost in West
Virginia and in Ohio congressman Jim
renee c1 the Republican nomination for
Senate but did it pretty pretty
underwhelming Lee he didn't mention 50%
of the vote Tim Murphy let's go back to
West Virginia very quickly talk about
Richard o jeta the pro-marijuana Pro
coal Democrat who voted for Trump and
now regrets that he won the Democratic
primary for a congressional seat in West
Virginia this is a clip from a report
that you did to we haven't had anybody
in Washington DC in quite some time
that's actually thought first a 3rd
congressional district we haven't you're
a state that is broke we're not really a
state we're a colony everything that
we've ever had in this state has been
sent out of West Virginia to make other
people millionaires and billionaires and
the people of West Virginia have always
been poor Tim Murphy your comment yeah
Richard or Jeddah you know at first
glance almost looks like kind of a
unicorn and democratic politics he's
pro-gun he's protocol he got elected to
a seat that president Donald Trump
carried by about you know he wanted with
like 70% of the vote in 2016 but he is
writing a really significant wave in
West Virginia and in sort of across the
country he was at the vanguard of the
teachers strike last winter he was sort
of you know the the Paul Revere of the
teacher strike give a big floor speech
in January that you know signaled that
this was something that was on the
horizon he's gotten a lot of momentum
from teachers in West Virginia he's led
the push you know for more teacher pay
he's also led the push to build a
marijuana industry in the state so he is
running on a real kind of populist wave
that you know sort of offers a counter
to a lot of what we've seen from from
president Truong and he won its primary
well we're gonna leave it there continue
of course to follow election politics -
Murphy senior reporter at Mother Jones
thanks so much and I also want to thank
our guest Kevin Robillard
who is with HuffPost and breaking news
President Trump says North Korea has
released three Americans imprisoned in
North Korea Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo will return with them to the
United States that does it for our show
by the way democracy now is accepting
applications for our paid video
production fellowships as well as a
variety of paid internships find out
more at democracynow.org also i'll be
speaking at UC Santa Cruz in California
on May 17th along with Daniel Ellsberg
check our website at democracynow.org
Democracy Now produced by Mike Burke
Rene Feldstein Augusto Norman shave
Carla wills Laura goddess Ninasam
al-kahf Sam I hope you feel better
John Hamilton Robbie Karen honey masseur
and endure and not need a mic to fulfill
Miguel McGarrett Paul Huckabee or
engineers I'm Amy Goodman with Juan
Gonzalez thanks for joining us
[Music]
