is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman ten
journalists died in Afghanistan on
Monday and the deadliest day for
journalists since the Afghan war began
in 2001 nine journalists died in a
double suicide bombing in Kabul the
tenth journalist was shot dead in the
eastern city of coast the journalists in
Kabul were directly targeted they died
while covering another bomb blast in the
Central District of the capital which is
home to NATO headquarters and a number
of embassies after journalists rushed to
the scene of the first bomb blast a
suicide bomber dressed as a photographer
blew himself up among the journalists
the suicide bomber reportedly posing as
a cameraman for the TV channel for a
cameraman a cameraman for the TV channel
Vaughn Doon described the scene of the
twin bombings with a mother named Edith
II I was about ten meters away from the
site of the first explosion trying to
enter the site when the second blast
happened it was very powerful and when I
was finally at the site I found many of
my fellow reporters lying on the ground
some of them dead already
Isis claimed responsibility for the
attack the Committee to Protect
Journalists condemned the attack CPJ
Stephen Butler said quote this latest
attack on journalists in Afghanistan as
a reminder of the extreme dangers to
media workers in that country and if the
extremely brutal tactics used there by
enemies of the Free Press among the
victims was a Jean's from presses
celebrated photographer Shammar eye he's
been working with AFP in Afghanistan for
two decades beginning as a driver for
the agency under Taliban rule and
working his way up to become AFP's chief
photographer in Kabul he's the father of
six children including a newborn
daughter the AFP global news director
called mirai's death the devastating
blow for the brave staff of our
close-knit Kabul Bureau and the entire
agency we're joined now by two guests
Ali Latifi is an Afghan born journalist
based in Kabul he covered Monday's
bombing for Think Progress and in Paris
France were joined by Phil Chatwin the
global editor-in-chief for ASEAN's
France Presse
we welcome you both
Democracy Now Ally Latifi in Kabul I
want to begin with you can you talk
about what happened on Monday morning
yesterday morning sure so basically what
happened was that the first attack
allegedly tried to target the upon
Intelligence Agency which is also in the
neighborhood where the attack took place
and what makes us think that it was
targeted against journalists is that
within about 20 minutes after the
initial attack a second bomber came
claiming to have a camera with him
claiming to be a journalist and he
entered the site where the journalists
were gathered and detonated his second
bomb and talk about what happened next
what happened next was basically what
happens all the time you know people
rushing to the scene trying to get
people taken care of there would be
ambulances trying to reach the scene
there would be taxi people trying to
take the dead and injured and taxis and
then as the hours went on there was just
shock because no one expected
journalists to be outright targeted in
this sort of a way there have been
attacks on television stations in the
past both by the Taliban and groups
claiming to be - or the so-called
Islamic state but there's never been
something like this where they go to the
exact site and deliberately target
journalists posing as a journalist Tolo
news compiled brief bios of each of the
ten journalists killed on Monday yaar
muhammad taqi was a cameraman at Tolo
news where he'd worked for 12 years he
was due to be married within the month
Sean Mariah was AFP's chief photographer
in their Kabul Bureau
he leaves behind six children including
his newborn daughter Ghazi Rizzoli was a
journalist at one TV and a journalism
student at Kabul University 21 years old
scheduled to get married next month
now Rosalee Rajabi was a cameraman with
one TV he was the father of a three
month old baby for Eastham harm Durrani
was a journalist for Azadi radio she was
a producer of the woman program on the
station Sabah Wonka Carr was a
journalist for Azadi radio he
survived by his wife and child a badula
Hannan's I was another journalist with
Azadi radio he was the producer of the
documentary the poison convoy which
covered issues related to drug
cultivation and production in
Afghanistan Saleem Talaash was a
journalist with Michaele TV he got
engaged last month Ally Shalini had
joined Michelle TV just a week ago and
then in another city in the eastern city
of cost Ahmed Shah was shot dead on
Monday he worked for BBC Pashto ten
journalists in one day Phil Chetwynd is
editor-in-chief at ojos France Presse
he's based in Paris a national holiday
today we thank you for coming in you
have lost your star photographer in
Kabul can you talk about talk about him
talk about Shammar I and what this means
to you and who he was well thank you for
having me ami the mirai was an
extraordinary man in that really he
started working for us as a driver under
the time of the Taliban when it was
extremely dangerous to really do any
journalistic work at all and he sort of
cut his teeth really without with a
hidden camera in his hand trying to
smuggle out little bits and pieces of
life under the Taliban when really there
was hardly any other journalists at all
in Karbala in fact we had to pull
everybody out at one point and Mariah
was the only one who really held the
fort for us until 9/11 happened and and
we were able to re-establish our Bureau
properly with everybody in it so he was
very very much the heart and soul of our
Kabul Bureau he was a huge character
always a smiling character always a very
engaging character always someone who
would come in and sort of lighten the
stress and and and and bring a lighter
moment to the bureau when he could see
perhaps his younger and maybe more less
experienced colleagues struggling a
little bit in the current environment so
he really lost the pillar of our Bureau
in Kabul there and someone for us and
anyone who's been to Karbala I mean many
times
karbolyn he was someone who you would
always just remember as being absolutely
the heart and soul of our team there
last year Shama wrote an essay about his
and his family's life and Kabul
it was headlined when hope is gone in it
he wrote life seems to be even more
difficult than under the Taliban because
of the insecurity I don't dare take my
children for a walk I have five and they
spend their time cooped up inside the
house I've never felt life to have so
little prospects and I don't see a way
out
Ali Latifi if you could talk more about
him also your friend Shamar I and that
feeling as you work in Kabul as well not
about someone like Shana and I is that
as the AFP said earlier is that you know
he this is a common story this is what
has happened and everyone is fun we have
people who have started literally as
drivers and translators and fixers and
stringers who have worked their way up
to the tops of their bureaus and they're
extremely dedicated you know determined
to get the shot and the one thing I
always remember about the video and
photo journalists at any scene like this
in Kabul is you know you would see them
hiding behind like protecting themselves
behind a wall with their cameras up in
the air desperate to get the shot
because that's that's their job that's
their that's their duty and they're very
determined to get that and so that's the
one thing I will remember about all of
these journalists and I think that's the
one thing we should all remember about
all of them in terms of what he said
about life in Kabul he's a hundred
percent correct my own family my own
cousin doesn't like to take his children
out on the street my aunt her husband
recently passed away and people said why
don't you go take a course why didn't
you oh my dress ah why don't you do this
and she said how can I go out on that
Street you know she's like the people
aren't the same the security situation
isn't the same I have no faith on what's
going to go on and to be quite honest
from 2016 to now it hasn't gotten much
better in fact it's probably gotten
worse what does it mean to you I mean
not just worse we're talking about the
worst attack
journalists in one day since 2001 since
the beginning since when the u.s.
invaded Afghanistan I mean it means that
there's no more bars anymore right there
there's no more sort of barriers right
if you can target journalists then you
can target anyone and this is the thing
that I found really surprising about the
reaction to this is people that have
known for years people that were born
and raised here people that have been
living here for years the thing that
shocked them more about this attack that
anything was the fact that it was
journalists and I couldn't believe that
people had that much of a connection to
us as you know as a group of people and
as a profession and I think you know I
was asking people why do you think that
they would target journalists and they
said basically it says that there's
nothing left you know no one is safe
anymore and that I think is really the
scary part bill Chetwynd in addition to
the nine journalists who were lost
including Shaun Murray your chief
photographer in Kabul you have another
reporter who was just killed in Khost
who worked for BBC Pashto what does this
mean you are the editor-in-chief at our
Jon's france-presse you the your
organization signs people this very
difficult situation can you talk about
the situation Afghanistan well I think
the situation in Afghanistan has been
something that has been troubling us for
a very long time really over the last
ten years as the situation's become
worse and worse and the Taliban attacks
are become wider and now we've seen a
competition between the Taliban and
Islamic state almost the Islamic state
group almost to you know to out horror
each other the way we work and how to
try to work safely has been something
that's been weighing on us extremely
heavily we move our Bureau several times
we change our procedures we we put in
extra guidelines we we we don't go to
certain places we're constantly looking
and evolving and trying to work out how
on earth we can do our jobs in this kind
of environment
but of course this latest attack really
you know really changes the game as Ali
has it has just said to actually be in a
situation where the journalists actually
lured into a trap and killed in this way
9 or 10 in a single group he's really
very shocking and I think poses lots of
questions about how we can try to report
at all or safely in the future ill
Chatwin in 2014 your news agency
Agence france-presse lost journalists
Sardar Ahmed who was shot and killed
along with his wife and two of his three
children in a Taliban attack on an
Afghan hotel that was just three years
ago so you talk about how you do operate
so what will you do now what will
AFP do now without Samurai well I think
we have to firstly really understand
fully the circumstances behind what
happened and so on obviously when so
when you get an immediate attack like
this there are the first you know first
feelings as to what happened the first
reports and so on but there is a need
really to get to the bottom of exactly
what happened before we can you know
take any sort of radical decisions but
at the same time it is our job to report
around the world we report on extremely
dangerous things all around the world
and we find a way to do it
we certainly done this in Syria for the
last five years which has been an
extremely dangerous place to work in the
end we ended up creating a little
network of our own local journalist
sources and so on around around Syria on
the ground because after about 2013 it
just became too dangerous for us to put
our own people in after various
kidnappings and murders and so on so the
Syrian situation is perhaps an example
where where when we will blocked one way
from doing thing we are there to report
the story we are there it's absolutely
vital at the story of Afghanistan
continues to be told is vital and the
story of Syria can continues to be to be
told and therefore we have to find an
asymmetric or a different way to tell
the story if that is what is necessary
um
Latifi you are in Kabul you're a
freelance journalist there you face
extreme danger all the time as other
journalists as other civilians do you've
reported a lot on the thousands of
Afghan refugees being deported from
Turkey and the European Union because
Afghanistan is quote safe now can you
talk about what's happening so basically
yeah this is exactly the problem I was
actually on a flight back from Dubai
about a couple weeks ago and when we
were leaving the airplane I heard the
stewardess say oh no deportees on this
flight and I thought that was really
interesting because it's who are you
deporting from Dubai but the truth is
that this is exactly the problem you
know I've been to Turkey I've been to
Greece since 2013 covering the situation
and what we see is that you know these
European Union governments the Turkish
government in accordance with agreements
with the Kabul government are saying
things like oh well there are safe areas
and have honest on and the most common
safe area that they claim is Kabul well
within one week there have been two
suicide bombings or three actually
targeting civilians specifically whether
they be journalists or you know
civilians as in like women children and
men from the area and so this is a major
issue that no-one is addressing the fact
that you know there are hundreds and
hundreds of a lot of young men being
deported back from the European Union
from Turkey and who basically are coming
back to an area where at any moment you
know as traumatise Journal said and as
other people have been saying you really
don't know when you step out of the
house you know if you go one direction
there could be a bombing if you go
another direction there could be a
bombing that area where the bombing took
place on Monday I was I go there I go
there to go to the Avalon film
Directorate so you know had I gone one
day later I could have been there
no Chatwin as you report from Paris
based in Paris your editor in chief of
AFP can you talk about the effect of
President Trump's comments about the
Press calling at the end the enemy of
the people
hmm
well I think the interesting thing is
it's not just President Trump you were
really having a wave of this kind of
language coming from many countries
around the world the Philippines Hungary
Slovenia that that there's a sort of
wave of attempts to D credible eyes the
work of working journalists around the
world and and that's extremely
concerning because when you have an
event such as we've just witnessed in
Afghanistan it should be an
international scandal
we cannot allow for impunity against
journalists and for such a grievous
attack against people doing their job
people who are ultimately one of the
pillars of a free society so there's a
general discourse around the world
coming from certain countries and and
leaders which is certainly eroding
confidence and also trust in the work of
very brave people on the front lines and
this they say this latest incident in
Kabul is just an example of the kind of
risks people are taking all around the
world journalists working for many many
many organizations to tell real stories
not to be involved in a game of fake
news we're involved in a game of
misinformation disinformation and so on
there are people risking their lives
every day to tell the stories that need
to be told and this attack really brings
it home that it's it's beyond rhetoric
that the reality is what we saw in Kabul
and so I think this whole thing that
we've seen around the world in terms of
this use of language very negative
language towards journalists he's an
extremely negative thing as having a
very poor impact on our business and
Ally Latifi let me put that question to
you on the ground in Kabul you both live
in Afghanistan were born there you've
also lived in the United States what it
means to you that President Trump has
called you journalists I mean not you
specifically but journalists the Ahmet
enemy of the people
I think it's dangerous you know I've
also lived in Turkey where there's a
major issue with the Free Press and I
think it sort of creates this image I
think that might have been why I was so
surprised that how people reacted to the
deaths of journalists here because I've
become so used to people saying Oh fake
news or the failing New York Times or
whatever and you see that you know it
really has a value you know when you
live in an informed population news has
a real value but the one thing I wanted
to address was the issue of impunity
right so if we're talking about impunity
for the Taliban and the so-called daesh
or so-called Islamic state forces very
hard to hold them accountable obviously
but the other issue in terms of impunity
is for the case on host and a week
before in the southern province of
kondal where journalists are being
killed by armed men and no one is
finding out what happened to them who
killed them and and and there's no real
justice for that and we also have issues
you know in terms of again saying how
how the press is treated we also have a
lot of issues with the police and with
the military and with MPs and with
warlords and with governmental ID
militias that have you know and and with
the Intelligence Agency that have taken
journalists put bags on their heads take
them in the back of a car and thrown
them in a basement asking them what they
were doing and this is another major
issue the Kabul government you know
there's no way they can hold like let's
be realistic they can't hold these dice
forces or the Taliban accountable but
they can hold their own security
agencies and their own politicians
accountable for how they treat
journalists and and for really you know
sort of embracing that and and and and
learning that you know violence and
intimidation you know it's not going to
work and it's not gonna help and we're
not the enemy we're not there to take
anyone down or to destroy anyone and of
course this recent attack that creates a
problem for us because again you know
when people see a camera and in a way
rightfully they'll be suspicious what's
in that camera right because for me like
I'm a print journalist a lot of times
when I go to these kinds of things the
first thing they say to me is where's
your camera that gives you credibility
that's an instant sort of marker that
makes you recognize as a journalist and
now even that could be taken away from
us so you think it's very
but the issue of impunity is addressed
all around and finally Phil Chetwynd
