[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
members of the United Nations Security
Council are heading to Burma and
Bangladesh to see firsthand the impact
of the Rohingya refugee crisis more than
a million registered Rohingya refugees
now live in southeastern Bangladesh
after they fled a Burmese military
campaign of rape murder and arson that
the UN has called a quote textbook
example of ethnic cleansing meanwhile
the US State Department has confirmed
it's investigating alleged atrocities
against Burma's Rohingya Muslims
including these accusations of murder
rape beatings and other alleged offences
the findings could be used to prosecute
Burmese military officials for crimes
against humanity we continue our
conversation with two Kaine president of
the Burmese rohini organization UK a
member of the free row hanga coalition
he was born in Burma but in 1982 he was
rendered effectively stateless along
with a million other ethnic Rohingya
under a new nationality law this is part
two of our conversation welcome back to
Democracy Now tun King before we talk
about what's happening there today I
think people in the United States when
they hear Roe hanga they're not even
sure who the Rohingya are you yourself
are Rohan you talk about your community
and why we should care in the United
States mostly you know Rohingya are an
ethnic minority living in western part
of Burma they are about 3.5 million
population of Rohingya and only about
about approximately 500,000 ruling a
left in Burma right now and in
Bangladesh 1.2 million in other
countries you know is they are facing
persecution since 1962 you know when we
got independence in from British
political growing up in Rohingya were
recognized as an ethnic group like other
nationalities of Burma on that my
grandfather was a member of parliament
I'm not
citizen of Burma and my mother's
grandfather was the first - its judge in
northern our [ __ ]
but I'm not recognised as a citizen of
Burma until when I was there so why this
is systematically they want to explain
ate the whole population because they
strip of our citizens ethnicity the
strip of our citizenship right and they
deny you know drawing your identity the
restriction of movement marriage
attribution and they confiscate our
lands and they create popular violence
and the burning down villages and
pushing us to the camps in IDP Sin City
and now the mass killings they practice
and then they are almost like you know
all 2/3 population already flat Burma is
largely a Buddhist country are all
Rohingya Muslim 90% Rohingyas are Muslim
I should say and do you believe it's
religious persecution it's a religious
ethnic and political because Rohingyas
are the largest Muslim minority in Burma
and what about other minorities in Burma
other minority is also facing under of
this military you know like cusine Quran
and Shan and others but Rohingyas are
facing much more than that oranges are
much more targeted they deny our
existence they deny our identity they
deny our identity and they deny our the
right to have children the right to a
federation the right to have movement
it's been going on many decades people
been aware after 2017 August that is
what I said that is the question why
this most recent wave of horrific
violence against the Rohingya that has
led to a million Rohingya now fleeing to
Bangladesh the de facto leader of Burma
is that nobel peace laureate Aung San su
Chi what role is she playing in this
yeah first thing we should say before I
tell about her you know military
senior general I should I call in
criminal Ming online mentioned that in
Washington Post this is an
business that's why we're trying to get
up these people from there and strong
Suzuki we've been supported for for many
years but now she is totally sight
taking side of military
she's totally complicit of this genocide
she is defending military why is that
she's been a critic of the military for
decades she certainly knows their
repression she was imprisoned by them
for years yeah we been Devendra he has
been supported how we are I campaigned
for her in this New York City and I camp
environment and US State Department and
others to be really foreign for the
political prisoners but they are saying
now we are not citizen of Burma this is
not happening where she is denying that
these atrocities never happened you know
she said she does not know why these
people are fleeing where international
you know
Human Rights Watch Amnesty International
UN have a well documented report and
hired ministers are spreading haters
fish and two days ago one of the
minister Immigration Minister said we
will give them NVC which is degrading
illegal citizenship national
verification to graded citizenship and
second classes second-class it's not
even settled guys at third class I
should say and he is telling that by
giving them is we will not allow them to
move from one village to another
officially our Minister is telling about
it
so what precipitated this latest wave of
violence this is what I mentioned is a
military been trying for a long time and
so this is I should say when some
ruinous attacks police post that is how
they taken but the it's not as far as
when I was a Bangladesh the refugees
told me they are not they are not
looking for those who attacked the
police post this systematically banned
burning down house by house village by
village and someone told me in one
village to laterally more than 1,000
ravine have been killed and they told
them just get out you guys have no
problem
get out from your home and then they've
been all rounded up by the military they
just shooting them one by one
that is what's happening to laterally
that's what someone told me when I was
in Bangladesh so it's been going on
eight months right now we have not seen
any action from international community
we have seen Security Council discussing
but we have not seen Security Council s
program resolution but we want to calls
it could be Council to refer brahma into
an ICC that is very important begin to
the International Criminal Court yes
International Criminal Code bridge must
bring them this criminal me online and
all puppetry is that whoever complicity
in this genocide this is very important
because with impunity this is governor
it's not only Rohingya dr. xin
Laurentian all those all minorities are
facing pepper
you know crimes against those other
minorities perpetrated by these men
military so we cannot let it happen so
for the Rohingya we are facing a general
sight in 21st century whenever genocide
happened is the never again we need
protected homeland in Yama we need this
does not mean we are asking any
different things because we are a part
of Burma society we want to live in
Burma but we need protection from
international community to protect us so
UN or other any government must come
forward to protect us that is the only
priority we need an ICC referral before
repatriation citizenship and others this
need to be protection is much more
priority to taking
well chunkiness as we mentioned earlier
the UN Security Council is carrying out
a an independent investigation at the
moment but they're not the only ones the
United States is also carrying out an
investigation so first of all what do
you hope will come out of these
investigations do you have any faith in
the Trump administration being able to
deal with this issue and minimally the
question of Rohingya refugees going
somewhere other than Bangladesh
including the u.s. yes you know first
thing we have seen a very strong report
from UN in the
in few months UN High Commissioner
already mentioned these are hallmarks of
genocide and and other you know
fact-finding mission also did they have
report and you know interim report and
it's good but to release to get I to
invest in investigation either we
welcome on that but that thing is it's
not only published in the report and
cover in on the media we want to see
effective action after releasing this
report they must set up timeline and
benchmark must take action okay we're
gonna call support Isis referral and
support for you know Rohingya protection
is needed in Bangladesh refugee camps
they have to focus on short term and
long term that the international
community urgently needed so we are not
clear apart after report we appreciate
what the real point we were in the camps
do you see us investigators I do not
know who they are but of course I saw
the report but what are they saying and
what are they looking for has their
report come out already or they just now
no I think the report will come up in in
me as far as what I had I saw the news
so I think they are just also
interviewing their refugees and the same
thing also what we did of course there
are a million Rohingya population many
growing young women been raped and they
can get all the information what do you
want to see your here in the u.s. you
don't live here what are you looking for
the u.s. to do us Muscat my support Isis
in referral they must support ICC
referral to Burma under criminal a
referral to the International Criminal
Court
CRC and also US must put also priority
to protect Rohingya refugees in
Bangladesh to support more funding and
also you know it is important that when
the top repatriation they must support
protection issues for the Rohingya
homeland this Ravinia
they want protection US must support
under protected homeland and also
you know it is important a US must take
a leading role you know where when the
supported human rights and democracy for
many years now a country where human
rights and democracy
you know so-called reforms are going but
for me
this is much disaster under a fun sense
which is government and much more
political much more ethnic minorities
are much more human rights violations
and crimes facing by ethnic may have by
the military in ethnic areas so we must
have stopped that you know some sense
which is not a hopeful Burma I should
say clearly because she is under hard
wash over you know thousands of Rohingya
been killed under her watch a million
Rohingya population fled and under her
watch you know to journalists to
reporters who report at what's happening
the truth you know where this Rohingya
channels are in Indian village and she's
she's just not talking about it she is
defending from military side and these
are afraid of these these are the
Reuters reporters who are currently just
shelled in Burma yes well I want to turn
to a short video that you provided us
from your recent trip to Bangladesh when
you were meeting with Rohingya refugees
a video that you provided to us from
your a recent trip to Bangladesh and you
can of course arimathea
sobbing so can you explain what these
men were telling you happened ah he lost
his family members and his relatives
been raped in front of him and he he's
totally you know he's in trauma
situations so that's you know so he was
also you know thinking about what I'm
doing and also you know that is a kind
of he wanted to sue me for a long time
so he's very happy to see and so was
that response of people just to hold you
and weep yes this is what they have they
can they want to express something but
it's an expressible situation when I was
their destitution unexpressible I
couldn't sleep when I was in Bangladesh
and I was there for weeks in September
to October the situation I have
interviewed you know one women told me
when the military entered just military
knives to data seven years old boy and
then military entered her house he was
raped
more than how 20 minutes by the military
another military tried to rape her and
she was managed to to get out from her
house in flouride she was raped by the
military raping and she was faced in
raped by the military in front of her
her husband was saluted another military
well you you mentioned earlier the need
which is obvious from what you're saying
for international protection for the
refugees and those fleeing from Burma
even today
what kind of protection has been
discussed if at all and then the
question of AIDS
tabanga-do SH which is hosting 1.2
million refugees does the u.s. provide
any aid and other European governments
to Bangladesh which is of course not a
rich country as far as I know
international community being supported
to aid but I think it might not be too
long it's not enough for the longer term
is it should have quite long term plan
because this refugee will not return in
fact maybe in five to ten years because
they bulldoze rowing up villages they
disappear if they are just a shrine
during a presence in their own homeland
so they are building up camps so nobody
want to return they told me to the care
to their prison camps that is what they
told me so the way it looks like in five
years maybe three years in ten years
younger if these refugees they will not
return last week Burma's social welfare
relief and resettlement minister winiata
said Burma will start repatriation of
Rohan gaya refugees from Bangladesh
Bangladesh ahead of the monsoon process
as soon as possible because the motion
is very near and and we see we saw all
the peoples and that comes in very good
condition so that's the Burma government
official when me at a talking about
repatriating Rohan Jia from Bangladesh
ahead of the monsoon season which is
also a tremendous threat that people
will drown where they are in places like
Cox's Bazar the most populated refugee
camp on earth but you're saying if
there's no protection of Rohan Jia they
are not going to return to Burma yes
this man he just he said this switches
ministers are world-class liars I should
stay because he mentioned last few
months ago she mentioned that this
they burn down their own homes and they
flee in what is totally an ascetical in
this war you know so and she now this
man is say they as far as what I think
is just a to ace international pressure
they will not take back any refugees and
Lisa you know Bangladesh government sent
8,000 people and they just select about
a 600 or 800 something they will receive
so there are no proper planned as far as
let me bring up the point from Bill
Richardson Mexico in Kofi Annan
recommendation implementation Commission
there he was a member of there he did
not see any plant from sun-sin [ __ ] to
repair about citizenship issues and
other protection issues for this
refugees they have no plan is just
racing international pressure just bring
them to prison camps and just blocking
it and just kill them this is the plant
they are trying to move forward this is
they have this is intention we have not
seen government and military government
military and government attitude towards
Rohingya have never changed until today
and three days ago five families been
flat because these been targeted because
we found false allegation they are from
booty downtown chief you know they are
well educated and well respected so the
government targeted not those who ever
left in Burma they targeting them so
people are fleeing everyday how can we
Patriot back you know the people are
still fleeing this is just a shoe so we
must we must get the point there is no
repatriation this is just a shoe was so
without protection or homeland
protection you know protected homeland
supported by international community we
cannot return where we will go we need
protection that's why I want to ask
about other steps that can potentially
be taken short of referring Burma to the
international criminal
the present investigation that's
underway by the u.s. is modeled on on
the probe that the u.s. carried out in
Sudan's Darfur region in 2004 which made
it possible for the u.s. to label the
violence there a genocide and eventually
of course to impose sanctions so do you
think that the US should impose
sanctions on Burma and what effect do
you think that will have I mean will
that be sufficient to stop the Burmese
government from carrying out this what
has been referred to as ethnic cleansing
of the Rohingya for me I don't say
Sethna clinton-era Linga I am a victims
of genocide I have mad victims of
genocide this is completely a genocide
intentionally destroying our community
so Burmese military and the government
you know they should call every they
should do error sorry you have
government's should do everything they
can you know first they must call ICC
referral of course sanction is needed
become military they do not want to see
sanctions that's why the the quite the
quite a scare of this quite worried
about sanctions so much portable they've
been a threat to impose sanctions by any
government the US or otherwise yeah
which governments have have said that
they will impose sanctions on Burma as
far as I know they just call enough for
that but we have not seen a you know
military it doesn't work you know when
US called for one percent mobile only
but they must get top military
particularly criminal Ming online who is
seen yet
general me on life they must focus on
him and other top-level militaries not
only one person you know sang they do in
sanction is not enough so they must
focus all of the military leaders even
NLD members who are spread in has a
speech and all the ministers they must
focus on everyone to just to bring them
on sanction list that is important of on
the for me I want to highlight that root
cause is you know
protection and also citizenship and
other rights before they are right how
can they return and even the Burmese
military and government they give their
rights we need protection any time these
people will face mass atrocities in
Burma because as a whole country Burmese
Buddhist monks USDP party NLD party
military secret it was real kind
Buddhists they are always denying these
people are not from Burma they are
illegally moving so when they come back
they will face again atrocities so what
how they can come back that's why the
people are saying we we if we return we
will face again the same situation the
people of trauma they all are you know
if mentally they are quite you know
quite destroyed this community I should
say you know I met them and I can see
their faces well of course we will
continue to cover this issue and I want
to thank you very much for being here to
in cane is President of the Burmese
rohini organization UK and a member of
the free Rohan gaya coalition born in
Burma 1982 rendered effectively
stateless along with a million other
ethnic Rohingya Muslims under a new
nationality law this is democracy now to
see part one of our discussion with Tim
Kaine go to democracynow.org I'm Amy
