[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we bring you part two
of our discussion with pulitzer
prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald
Bloomberg is reporting that China
inserted microchips into servers used by
major tech companies such as Apple and
Amazon that give backdoor access to data
the miniscule grain of rice sized chip
would allow hackers to bypass security
and remotely access the networks of
these companies both Apple and Amazon
are denying the claims in the report
meanwhile Vice President Mike Pence
accused China of interfering in the u.s.
midterm elections in order to undermine
president Trump the American people
deserve to know in response to the
strong stand the president Trump has
taken Beijing is pursuing a
comprehensive and coordinated campaign
to undermine support for the president
our agenda and our nation's most
cherished ideals vice president Pence is
warning to Beijing comes amidst this
growing us-china trade war and as the
Pentagon is reportedly planning a
massive show of force in November with
US warships and planes set to carry out
exercises near China's territorial
waters in the South China Sea and Taiwan
Strait Glenn Greenwald you're speaking
to us from Rio de Janeiro you're near
your home in Brazil can you talk about
the significance of this this happening
at the same time we'll talk about this
in a moment that the Justice Department
was indicted a group of Russian hackers
Pence's focusing on China and how it is
the greatest threat to the midterm
elections in the United States well one
day as you know we talked about the the
Trump Russia controversy on your show
many times over the last two years and
and one of the points I've made often is
that even if you believe the kind of
maximalist theory about what Russia did
in the 2016 election the focus on it in
the scope of and in the context of
geopolitics is so wildly exaggerated and
has the effect of drowning out a lot of
other extreme
important in fact more important
concerns and it always seemed much more
political to me than rational or
intellectual and I think China is a
really good example because by every
metric China is a much more powerful
country than Russia it's a much more
serious and wily competitor than Russia
is to US and Germany into US power and
if you look at not what right-wing think
tanks but left wing think tanks and
economists have been focused on over the
last decade or more it is in economic
policies of Russia threatening wages and
threatening economic equality in the
United States it's the ability of China
to use unfair trade practices to
undermine the American worker and the
like
this whole thing about pence and China
interfering in our elections is
obviously a kind of attempt to exploit
the narrative of the Democrats that the
Russians are interfering to help Trump
by saying no actually China is doing the
opposite I don't take that very
seriously at all I'm sure China is
involved in our politics just like we're
involved in there's in every other
countries but what I do think is a
legitimate issue is that if you look at
any policy perspective from the United
States China is a more serious
competitor and a more influential and
consequential competitor than the
country on which we've obsessively in
mono maniacally focused for the last few
years which is Russia and this issue of
the US military exercises that will be
that the US will be sending planes and
ships right off the coast of China I
mean I think that one of the big
problems in the narrative that has
emerged in the United States over the
last two years is that we need to be
belligerent and more aggressive with
whoever we regard as our adversaries
that certainly been the bipartisan
consensus when it comes to Russia and I
think you see this now migrating towards
China and to other countries as well at
the very same time that the Democrats
and others have accused Trump of being
insufficiently belligerent to Russia
he's been surrounding himself with
people I would regard
not just arranged but almost ammoniacal
when it comes to recklessness in dealing
with other country is led by people like
John Bolton whose fingerprints I think
are all over things like these threats
towards China the withdrawal from
international tribunals and other
institutions things John Bolton wanted
to do by all accounts during the Bush
administration where even with Dick
Cheney as his ally he wasn't able to get
done and now is able to do so I think
that a lot of our focus has been kind of
misdirected to places that aren't very
dangerous namely Moscow and has caused
us to ignore things that the Trump
administration is doing that are
genuinely very dangerous such as this
kind of provocation when it comes to
China and other countries that are a lot
more threatening than Russia's well I
want to talk about Russia for a minute
the Justice Department has just indicted
seven Russian agents for conspiring to
hack the computers of anti-doping
officials who uncovered a massive ring
of Russian state-sponsored cheating by
athletes ahead of the 2016 Olympics in
Rio de Janeiro where you are actually
Glenn US attorney Scott Brady said
Thursday the seven agents have ties to
the GRU Russia's military intelligence
agency he said they went on to attempt
hacks against other targets they
targeted Westinghouse a nuclear power
company based in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
that supplied nuclear fuel to the
Ukraine they targeted the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
which was investigating the use of
chemical weapons in Syria and the
poisoning of a former GRU officer and
his daughter in the UK and they targeted
a lab in Switzerland that analyzed the
nerve agent used in that poisoning the
u.s. indictments came as the Dutch
defense ministry said
counterintelligence officials broke up a
hacking attempt by four russians last
april as they used sophisticated
electronic equipment to try to break
into the computers of the OPCW that's
the organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons from a parking lot in
the hey
the Dutch said the Russians had a
receipt which showed they took a taxi
ride from the headquarters of GRU in
Russia
that's Russia's military intelligence
service to Moscow's main airport the
four Russians arrived on diplomatic
passports and they were then expelled
from the Netherlands Russia's rejected
the US indictments and the Dutch
allegations calling them part of a
disinformation campaign Glenn Greenwald
I mean to be honest I find all of these
stories extremely baffling the attempt
to criminalize international espionage
electronic surveillance and hacking and
maybe the reason for that is is that as
you know I spent two or three years of
my life and very recently in 2013 2014
and 2015 reading through hundreds of
thousands of not more of top-secret
documents from the United States the
United Kingdom Australia New Zealand and
Australia that details extensively the
fact that those five countries do
exactly what this indictment lays out
against Russia toward every conceivable
target that you can possibly think of
from Human Rights institutions to the
United Nations to foreign governments
including allied ones to even to private
companies here in Brazil the biggest
story for example or one of the biggest
stories as part of the Snowden reporting
that we did was the NSA attempts and not
attempts but success in hacking into the
email accounts and telephone lines of
Petrobras the state-owned oil giant here
in Brazil that funds Brazilian social
programs so I don't mean at all to
suggest that because the United States
does it it's okay for Russia or anybody
else to do but what I do mean to suggest
is that this is unbelievably commonplace
and widespread among every large-scale
country Iran does it China does it the
Russians certainly do it the US and
their allies do it and so this idea that
we're now going to start criminalizing
hackers and indicted Russian hacker
that we know we're never actually going
to be able to apprehend makes no sense
to me what will happen if the Russians
start indicted NSA agents who are
hacking into Russian oil companies as
they are absolutely doing and has been
reported or into the allies of Russian
governments or foreign companies or
international organizations that monitor
human rights it just the the purpose of
it is very difficult to understand given
that a we're never gonna actually be
able to apprehend them Russians never
the Russians never gonna extradite them
and be it's creating a framework in
which the u.s. is just as susceptible as
everybody they're accusing to the same
kinds of accusations that everybody
knows that so other than this kind of
political effort to continue to point
fingers at Russia for political purposes
and propagandistic purposes it's hard
for me to understand what beyond that
might be motivating this um Glenn you
know you talked about what the US is
doing and you know we're talking on the
day of of the announcement of the Nobel
Peace Prize and it went to two people
dr. mukwege a and Nadia Murad who fight
sexual violence Nadia a sexual violence
survivor as well but one of the people
on the shortlist the name being bandied
about was Edward Snowden I thought I
might be talking to you about him today
but I want to anyway because the
significance of this that he is
considered by so many not only so
important for breaking open what the US
is doing not to mention other countries
but held for so many as a hero in the
world for talking about threats to
privacy can you talk about what's
happening with him right now
and what he did why it matters so much
to so many and particularly key in
understanding what's happening when the
u.s. talks about China and Russia but
doesn't talk about itself yeah you know
one of the advantages of living in a
a country other than the one in which
you were born and raised is that you
knew see sometimes how aberrational the
perspective is of your own country which
is very difficult to see when you're
kind of immersed in it and you think
that everybody sees the world the same
way and so I mean we talked for example
briefly during the live part of the show
about the Brazilian elections and the
way in which Noam Chomsky has spent the
month here in Brazil in part because his
wife is Brazilian in part because he's a
longtime activist when it comes to Latin
American politics and has known Lua for
a long time and what amazed me was not
just the way in which Noam Chomsky's
visit to Lula and just as general
pronouncements were covered by the
mainstream Brazilian press but also the
way in which every major Center or
center-left candidate went to visit and
meet with Chomsky took pictures of
themselves with him and then published
it proudly online so the contrast
between how known Chomsky is treated in
multiple countries around the world
including in Brazil as one of the
world's most important intellectuals
with whom political figures want to meet
and want people to see their meeting
because it raises the credibility and
whose pronouncements are treated as
important news events by media
institutions in contrast to the US where
he's silenced where he's ignored where
he's suppressed from mainstream media
outlets is incredibly stark and it makes
you realize that actually the way the
u.s. sees so many things is itself
aberrational because the treatment of
Chomsky and how he's regarded around the
world is much closer to what happened in
Brazil then what happens in the US and
the same is true of Edward Snowden if
you go to the US he's largely talked
about often as a traitor or at least
somebody whose motives are in serious
doubt or or or should be questioned
whereas in most places around the world
he celebrated and regarded as a hero
people forget that the reason the Hong
Kong government allowed him to leave
despite US government to may own
because by that point he had become such
a hero not just in Hong Kong in China
for exposing us surveillance of the
entire Chinese telecommunication system
that the Chinese government the Hong
Kong government couldn't withstand
popular pressure and had to let him go
when I go in anywhere in Brazil
including when they went to testify
before the Brazilian Senate members of
the Brazilian Senate from many different
parties war Edward Snowden masks in
solidarity with him because of their
gratitude for what he showed Brazil
about what the NSA was doing and so so
often the way the u.s. looks at the
world is actually the rogue way of
looking at the world not the mainstream
way of looking at the world and how
Edward Snowden in particulars regarded
the fact that he was a serious candidate
for the Nobel Peace Prize
whereas in Washington he's talked about
as though he's some kind of traitor who
belongs in prison and in fact they're
trying to put him in prison and would if
they could further shows this kind of
disparity and and it's difficult to see
when you're in the u.s. even if you're
looking at things with a critical eye
because of how dominant media narratives
can be actually if you could give us an
update and what is President Trump or
what's going on behind the scenes since
you speak with Edward Snowden who's in
Moscow got political asylum there but
obviously would like to come back to the
United States
what's the Trump administration saying
to Snowden right now what is this
possibility of returning I think the
possibility of his returning under a
trump administration is is basically
zero not because of President Trump
himself although Donald Trump did say in
2013 when the Snowden story happened
that Snowden was a traitor who ought to
be executed but because of the people
who Trump has empowered and with whom he
has surrounded himself the military and
the intelligence community continued to
hate Edward Snowden with a passion that
is exceeded only by the contempt that
they Harbor for Julian Assange and so
the idea that he would be able to come
back to the US and not go to prison for
a long time I think continues to be a
fantasy that no one is
seriously considering there was some
talk for a while among Democrats that
Trump and Putin would reach some kind of
a deal where Putin would hand over
Snowden to trump in order to empower
Trump and and and make him stronger and
that was never a real possibility for a
lot of reasons including the fact that
as I learned when I went to Moscow just
recently it's kind of embedded in the
Russian culture that people who seek
asylum and political protection from the
West
in Russia are people who the Russian
government has a duty to protect and in
the words of certain journalists and
activists I've talked to including ones
opposed to Putin it would kind of be an
unrushed thing to do for Putin to turn
snowden over to the u.s. so i think he's
safe in russia he's free to speak out
he's free to criticize the russian
government as he does very very
frequently and aggressively but i don't
think there's any prospect that he'll be
returning to the united states anytime
soon and finally i want to go back to
the Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh who's been accused of sexual
assault and misconduct by several women
on Thursday over 300 protesters were
arrested on Capitol Hill protesting his
confirmation President Trump just
tweeted the very rude elevator screamers
let me just say he's responding to some
women coming up to Orrin Hatch going
into an elevator as they were protesting
and he responds grow up and then
paternalistically waves at them while
the elevator was closing
so Trump responds and says the very rude
elevator screamers are paid
professionals only looking to make
senators look bad don't fall for it also
look at all the professionally made
identical signs paid for by Soros and
others these are not signs made in the
basement from love hashtag troublemakers
that's president Trump's tweet today
Glenn Greenwald you know there's so much
going on with the whole Kavanagh not
and obviously the fact that he was
nominated by somebody who himself not
just was accused of but was caught on
tape admitting to multiple acts of
sexual assault makes it you know it's
one of the ugliest things we've
witnessed in US politics in quite a long
time and I'm sure that even Cavanaugh is
most dedicated supporters would wish
that Donald Trump would remove himself
from defending Cavanaugh because
everything he does makes the case for
Cavanaugh much more difficult
particularly when it comes to looking at
people like Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins who must be cringing at the idea
that Brett Kavanaugh is leading defender
is somebody who we all know has
committed sexual assault because he
boasted of doing so on tapes that we all
heard you know I think that there is
this real question that isn't just a
question about the me2 movement but has
gone back many decades about how it is
that we treat accusations of sexual
assault because it is true that it is a
crime that is more in susceptible to
evidence than pretty much every other
crime in part because it usually happens
with no witnesses in part because
usually physical evidence is not left
and most importantly because it's the
only crime that I can think of where
there's an actual stigma and societal
shame attached not to the perpetrator of
the crime but to the victim of the crime
which makes immediate reporting or even
reporting in a short period of time very
unlikely for reasons that are highly
understandable on the other side we
should take seriously the possibility
that sometimes people are wrongfully
accused and want a procedure in place
that ensures a fair process even if just
their reputation is at stake as opposed
to putting them in prison and I think so
many of these values are clashing in a
way that we as a society haven't quite
figured out what to do but I don't think
any fair-minded person could have
listened to dr. Ford
and come away with anything other than a
belief that what she was saying was true
incredible and as I said earlier the
fact that Brett Kavanaugh exploded with
this internal rage an extremely part
in anger that's not surprising given his
history is a political operative not a
judicial scholar in DC makes it such
that putting him on the court would
seriously harm an institution whose
integrity has already been harmed over
the years in a way that I think makes
his nomination untenable at the end of
the day though Republicans have been
savoring this moment for decades that
have five reliable right-wing votes on
the Supreme Court and so I can't imagine
the republican-controlled Senate not
confirming him but I hope I'm wrong
about that
Greenwell we want to thank you so much
for being with us Pulitzer Prize winning
