this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show
with the historic verdict in the lawsuit
against u.s. agribusiness giant Monsanto
in a groundbreaking decision a jury in
California has ordered Monsanto to pay
289 million dollars in damages to a
school groundskeeper who developed
cancer after regularly using the weed
killer roundup the 46 year old man
Dwayne Johnson has non-hodgkins lymphoma
doctors say he's likely unlikely to live
past 2020 Suzanne Ramos Bolanos read the
jury's verdict would a reasonable
manufacturer distributor or seller under
the same or similar circumstances have
warned of the danger or instructed on
the safe use of Roundup pro or Ranger
Pro answer yes was Monsanto's failure to
warn a substantial factor in causing
harm to mr. Johnson answer yes claim of
damages what are mr. Johnson's damages
past economic loss eight hundred and
nineteen thousand eight hundred and
eighty two dollars and thirty two cents
future economic loss 1 million four
hundred and thirty three thousand three
hundred and twenty seven dollars passed
non-economic loss four million dollars
future non-economic loss thirty three
million dollars with regard to punitive
damages did you find by clear and
convincing evidence that Monsanto acted
with malice or oppression in the conduct
upon which you base your finding of
liability in favor of mr. Johnson answer
yes the jury at San Francisco Superior
Court of California deliberated for
three days before finding Monsanto had
failed to warn Johnson and other
consumers of the cancer risks posed by
its weed killers
Johnson's was the first lawsuit to go to
trial alleging glyphosate causes cancer
filed in 2016 it was fast-tracked for
trial due to the severity of Johnson's
illness he spoke after the verdict was
delivered since beginning this case I
received a lot of support and a lot of
thank-you and a lot of prayer and a lot
of everything just good energy from a
lot of people that I don't even know you
know and I'm glad to be here to help
with this situation after I learned
about roundup and glyphosate and
everything I'm glad to be here to be
able to help with a cause is way bigger
than me so hopefully this thing will
start to get the attention that it needs
to give rise so folks can make a good
choice Johnson's attorney said jurors
for the first time were able to see
internal company documents proving
Monsanto has known for decades that
glyphosate and roundup could cause
cancer Monsanto is a unit of the
multinational pharmaceutical corporation
Bayer and now faces more than 5,000
similar lawsuits across the United
States for more on Friday's verdict
we're joined in Los Angeles by Brent
Wisner the lead trial counsel for
Dewayne Lee Johnson and his lawsuit
against Monsanto welcome to Democracy
Now can you first respond to this
historic verdict a jury almost awarding
your client 300 million dollars as well
he may be in the last years of his life
good morning
this verdict is without question truly
historic I mean what mr. Johnson has
done taking on this massive corporation
the courage the tenacity and the
willingness to speak out against what he
believed was a real problem is truly
spectacular and this jury heard it I
mean this verdict is groundbreaking it's
precedential it's something that I think
Monsanto and its shareholders
particularly a bear are hearing loud and
clear and realizing that they have a
problem with this product and they have
to start warning people that it can
cause cancer tell us Dwayne Lee Johnson
story Brent you know Lee is just an
amazing man I mean he started working at
the Vinicius School District in 2012
he was actually promoted originally he
was just sort of running mail around the
school and then he became an integrated
pest management of the school district
he would spray upwards of a hundred and
fifty gallons a day trying to handle the
weed situation during that time he was
exposed repeatedly repeatedly and and
prior to that he had perfect skin after
that he started developing these tumors
on his skin and they didn't know what it
was at first and they discovered it was
a rare type of non-hodgkins lymphoma
that manifests in the skin and the
cancer got worse it got worse it got
worse mr. Johnson actually reached out
to Monsanto while he was spraying to ask
him hey is there some connection between
this product and this cancer that I'm
getting and they said they would call
him back and then they never did then he
called back a second time and he
continued to spray waiting to hear back
from Monsanto and they never called and
what we learned was that his cancer
while he was spraying it transformed it
went from a relatively controllable type
of cancer to one that's essentially a
death sentence and you know the fact
that Montaigne's never called him back
and the fact that they never warned him
deprived them of the ability to make an
informed choice and and mr. Johnson you
know when he finally put up two and two
together he called us up and we took at
the trial and sort of history was made I
wanted to read the statement of Monsanto
we reached out to the agribusiness giant
to join us they weren't available but
they did provide us with a statement
that said they plan to appeal the
verdict and insisted go IFAs eight does
not cause cancer and did not cause duane
lee johnson's cancer this is the
statement from monsanto vice-president
scott partridge who said we're
sympathetic to mr. johnson and his
family
today's decision does not change the
fact that more than 800 scientific
studies and reviews and conclusions by
the US Environmental Protection Agency
the US National Institutes of Health and
regulatory authorities around the world
support the fact that glyphosate does
not cause cancer and did not cause mr.
Johnson's cancer we will appeal this
decision and continue to vigorously
defend this Prada
which has a 40 year history of safe use
and continues to be a vital effective
and safe tool for farmers and others
your response to that Brent Wisner well
there's really three points that aren't
worth mentioning I mean the first is
this idea that there's 800 studies that
test roundup and say that it's safe is
just a fabrication the studies he's
talking about are largely not related to
cancer we're talking about skin
irritation ie rotation things that
really have nothing to do with the
issues here when you talk about cancer
we're talking about 20 or so studies six
or seven of them are in humans the rest
are in animals and those studies as the
jury was shown are almost completely
positive so that's just fact number one
incorrect and the second thing that's
really important is this idea that it
has a 40-year history of safety I mean
almost absent from the conversation is
that for the first 20 years roundup was
actually proved based on fraud I mean it
was coming from a laboratory that has
been known people were indicted people
went to jail and that was actually a
former Monsanto employees so this idea
that has a 40-year record of safety it
glosses over 20 year history of front at
least at the very beginning and the last
thing is and its release is really
important is that mr. Partridge doesn't
say roundup doesn't cause cancer he says
glyphosate and he does that
intentionally because he knows that
glyphosate is different than roundup now
glyphosate is part of roundup
but roundup is a combined product of
glyphosate plus a bunch of other
chemicals that make glyphosate
significantly more potent and one of the
things that the jury is really focused
on this jury in our case was that
there's a synergistic effect of the
glyphosate and the other chemicals and
the simple fact is Monsanto has never
tested the carcinogenicity of the
combined product and this omission is
glaring and it's intentional in fact we
have internal documents that say we do
not want to look at this issue because
we're afraid of what we're gonna see and
the jury heard all this and they
rejected this idea that it's a safe
product that it doesn't cause cancer and
they said not only does it cause cancer
but that Monsanto acted with malice and
doing so I think that's really important
what did these
internal documents that you got ahold of
show I mean this is extremely
significant given how widespread roundup
is around the world then for both
Monsanto and the people who use it here
in the United States are already 5,000
lawsuits behind this one I mean there
there's a lot of documents but what they
really show is sort of a rampant
corporate culture that has no interest
in looking at whether or not their
product is safe but have an interest in
attacking science that doesn't suit
their business agenda and that's just
simply what we see when a bad study
comes out the emails that circulate
amongst Monsanto employees is how do we
combat this how do we fight this how do
we take this person out it's actually uh
it's actually given a name within
Monsanto it's called freedom to operate
and they actually have a budget assigned
to this particular action but in
addition to all that I mean it shows
without without question that's at least
starting twenty years ago
Monsanto has known that their product
can cause cancer and has gone out of its
way to ignore it and or fight any
science that suggests a link and we see
this happening amongst all the
independent scientists that have looked
at this and there's hundreds of them who
all look at this and say you know you
got a problem here and instead of doing
something about it Monsanto simply says
you know let's let's take away their
funding or let's go after you know that
the university or let's put political or
scientific pressure on these scientists
that make them back off and a lot of
scientists when we first got involved in
this litigation said listen I think it
causes cancer but I can't help you I
don't want to fight Monsanto they're
bullies and that's what the documents
show brent Wisner the division between
the compensatory and the compan the
punitive damages can you explain what
exactly the jury verdict Amin's sure so
the compensatory damages are really what
the the amount of money that it would
take to make mr. Johnson you know his
family whole to kind of I mean I I know
how you pay for the pain and suffering
associated with the type of cancer he
has but that's what the jury came up
with and that was around forty million
dollars
the punitive damages are not really
about mr. Johnson they're really about
Monsanto they're about looking at what
Monsanto has done and asking does that
need to be punished and if so what's the
amount of money to not only punish
Monsanto but to deter future wrongful
conduct you know when I was talking to
the jury in our closing argument I told
them that you know this was a chance to
send a message to Monsanto that this was
a chance to actually maybe even change
the world and I think that resonated
with the jurors because they saw that
you know if they could make Monsanto pay
a certain amount of money that it
actually might lead to future correct
conduct so the next person that caused
Monsanto or the next person that uses
roundup can make that decision within
the forum trust and I think it's
important no one's saying it should be
banned okay no one's saying we should
take it off the market
I mean people still smoke cigarettes
today right but they smoke cigarettes be
knowing the risks and that's all we're
asking for here is Monsanto just
disclosed the risks warned and if they
can do that then they can start taking
steps in the right direction there isn't
the federal government have play a role
here why is this all approved that's a
really good question and unfortunately
the answer is a little disturbing so one
of the some of the evidence that we
showed Monsanto I started the jury about
Monsanto was a very kind of unhealthy
and kind of creepy relationship between
Monsanto and the the regulators at the
EPA we had text messages email
conversations where various EPA
employees are actually going out of
their way to stop other agencies from
investigating this issue and going out
of their way to sort of gain approval
from Monsanto and that's disturbing
right because the regulators are
supposed to be detached they're supposed
to be doing an objective and honest
assessment and you know this regulatory
EPA did not do that in fact they
convened a scientific advisory panel
that to critique what the EPA was doing
and these independent scientists came
together and they unanimously agreed on
one fact that the EPA was not following
its guidelines so the reason why the EPA
is giving
Monsanto's Monsanto special treatment is
actually unknown but there's a lot of
smoke and I suspect there's a fire and
you know the Department of Justice has
actually opened an investigation into
this exact issue although I'm not
holding my breath that we will see the
fruits of that investigation under this
current administration how the US
government is respond the French
government promised in May
glyphosate would be banned for its main
uses by 2021 and for all its uses within
five years that's right and actually
Germany is taking a similar approach
Austria a whole host of European
countries are saying we don't agree with
our European regulators we agree with
the International Agency for research on
cancer and they're taking a lot of
important steps to actually banning this
product in Europe and if that happens
then you would have to think that the US
would at least listen to these to this
to this outcry but you know again I'm
not holding our breath with the current
administration and the issue of rolling
back regulations even more than they
have been that's right and that's really
a problem here because you know there's
an incentive to use this stuff because
it helps you sell more crops right so
it's not like there's not a there's the
the synergy between the financial
interests and the safety interests are
not aligned here and the problem is is
the people who are paying for the
pesticides are usually not the people
spraying them and so we have a lot of
immigrant workers particularly here in
California who are who are out there
spraying this stuff they're not being
told about the risks or not given proper
precautions and then of course you know
they're being marginalized by the legal
system because of their immigration
status and so you know it's a real
public health crisis and something that
I think you know the EPA needs to step
in and do something about California has
actually taken steps the state of
California has determined it is a
substance known to cause cancer and
they're actually having a fairly
protracted legal battle with Monsanto
trying to get to force Monsanto to warn
but again that's a sort of a legal fight
that I hope you know California will
prevail on rent Wisner want to thank you
for being with us attorney and lead
trial counsel for Duane Lee Johnson in a
lawsuit against Monsanto Johnson
developed cancer
after regularly using roundup weed
killer at a school a jury has just
awarded him 289 million dollars in
damages when we come back we're going to
speak with the author of the book
whitewash the story of a weed killer
cancer and the corruption of science and
then we go to Yemen where scores of
funerals are being held 40 school
children were killed in a us-backed
Saudi bombing of a school bus stay with
us
