this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh we end today's show
with the ongoing siege on Gaza after a
hundred and thirty Palestinians were
injured Friday while protesting the
ongoing Israeli occupation and demanding
the right of return twenty-five children
and four paramedics were among the
injured Israel announced it was
implementing a quote zero tolerance
policy towards protesters in Gaza
shortly before 10,000 protesters
gathered along Israel's heavily
militarized separation barrier with Gaza
as part of their weekly Friday Friday
protests under the banner of the great
march of return the protest began March
30th and since then Israeli forces have
killed at least 170 Palestinians
including more than 30 children and
injured tens of thousands more meanwhile
the is Israel has postponed the planned
demolition of the Palestinian Bedouin
village of khan al Ahmar in the occupied
West Bank after facing international
condemnation last week the International
Criminal Court warned Israel that
population transfers and occupied
territories constitute war crimes we
return now to part two of our
conversation with Haggai and odd the
executive director of the Israeli human
rights group B'Tselem he was in New York
last week on Thursday when he testified
before the UN Security Council
officially for the first time I asked a
guy about his message to the world so it
was key for us he's really tried to
spell out the daily reality for a
Palestinian living under occupation in
the moments that don't necessarily make
the news when soldiers enter Palestine
home in the dead of night and people
abroad might assume that they have a
search warrant or probable cause or
something like that but no military law
gives almost any soldier the authority
to enter any Palestinian home anytime
and the army does and a million other
ways in which Palestinians day in and
day out have absolutely no control over
their lives have no representation in
the Israeli institutions that determine
everything in the life of a Palestinian
and to try and explain that to give
flesh and blood to the meaning of living
under that regime not for a month not
for a year not for a decade an entire
peace
though for more than half a century in
doubt reality and there you're talking
about the West Bank and Gaza people are
being killed regularly there's the great
march of return protests that began on
march 30th and your official figures for
how many people the Israeli military has
killed since then it's more than 170
fatalities more than 30 of them were
minors under 18 three of them were
actually children there were 11 years
old these are the youngest ones that
were killed since March 30 in more than
5,300
they were injured from live gunfire but
it's so important for me to emphasize
that Gaza is also another example of
Israeli control as well controls
everything between the river and the sea
in Gaza the control is external we
decide what and who gets in and out of
the Gaza Strip except of the Rafah
Cossack with Egypt that is closed most
of the time we control the population
registry in Gaza if your pristine in
Gaza need medical care not to Sarah even
in Israel you need medical care in the
West Bank or in Jordan that you know you
need a nice very permit for that we
control everything in different ways
directly or indirectly I wanted to ask
you about Israel's plans to demolish the
Palestinian Bedouin village of Hana Lama
on Monday Israeli forces arrested for
villagers injured seven people as they
protested the arrival of the demolition
teams this is veteran villager ahmad abu
de heuk speaking last month we ask all
the free people in the arab nation to
react it is a war crime the Israeli
authorities want to demolish and
evacuate us are they gonna send us to a
better place
speaking from hon amar what this place
is and what's happening so this is just
a few miles east of Jerusalem in a part
of the West neck known as area C that's
about sixty percent of the West Bank and
that's in an area that has been high up
on the Israeli list of priorities for a
while to minimize plasini footprint
there to displace the many Palestinians
out of that area and to expand
settlements in there and it exposes in
detail the Israeli hypocrisy in its
planning policies used against
Palestinians living in the West Bank it
was a letter by the Israeli ambassador
actually to the Security Council just a
day before my briefing trying to
articulate to the argument somehow as if
what is about to happen is legal why is
it legal because the Palestinians have
been building illegally why is it legal
because this was backed by the Israeli
how could of Justice why is this is
legal because Israel was kind enough to
offer relocation sites to the community
and all of this are just lies on top of
distortions on top of lies why are
Palestinians building illegally because
Israel created a planning regime that is
meant to serve settlers and to
dispossessed Palestinians if you're a
Palestinian in Area C in the West Bank
your chances of getting a building
permit from his earliest southeast are 1
1 in 100 right so Palestinians have no
other choice and that's why they build
without permission from Israeli
authorities and the Israeli High Court
when it makes a ruling that says that
the militia orders are legal while
completely ignoring the context that
palestine's cannot build big early in
anyway doesn't make that ruling just or
sensible or even formally legal it only
makes the judges of the Israeli High
Court complicit in what if this is the
attack will take place will be the war
crime of forcible transfer of protected
people in occupied territory cannon
LACMA is the most visible example of
this phenomena these days the community
of some 200 people in that location with
the school that serves other communities
in the area but this is happening not
only now and not only in Halawa this is
part of a broader Israeli policy to take
over as much pristine land minimize
Palestine footprint concentrate as many
persons as possible in the parts of the
West Bank known as area a in area B and
then say that those areas like area a
hey don't worry about that
that's what Palestinians are running
their own lives well in fact what we're
talking about are isolated Bantu stands
that are getting more and more closed by
further and further
Israeli settlements in the rest of the
West Bank and in the end Oh too
have is this picture in which Philistine
life in Palestinian territory in the
Palestinian people and spirit are
completely broken up into small
digestible ezel more easily controllable
areas Gaza separated from the West Bank
East Jerusalem walled of the rest of the
West Bank the West Bank itself chopped
into these different segments you
referenced a party in your speech to the
UN Security Council you said take a look
at the discriminatory planning
mechanisms and the separate legal
systems in the occupied territories they
are reminiscent of South Africa's grand
apartheid yeah we try to make a nuanced
point there because often if you make
that point it as well say how dare you
compare these two realities we don't
have laws that say that you know
Palestinians and Israelis cannot sit in
the same benches for instance and indeed
we don't but that's why the distinction
was made between petty apartheid and
grand apartheid not those aspects of
apartheid the benches the separate
beaches and so on and so forth and I'm
not talking here about restrictions on
movement but to focus on the issue of
the policies the legal systems and of
course voting rights you also wrote in
Haaretz what are the Palestinians
supposed to do if they dare demonstrate
its popular terror if they call for
sanctions its economic terror if they
pursue legal means its judicial terror
if they turn to the United Nations its
diplomatic terror it turns out anything
a Palestinian does besides getting up in
the morning and saying thank you rice
thank you master its terror yeah the
this has become so routine in Israel
this has become so normalized after 50
years that people have a difficulty even
in accepting that basic right that
people live under oppression have the
right to reject that reality and any
avenue that Palestinians try is met with
one firm or another of condemnation but
for Israel this is part of a broader
agenda the agenda is not only to
overcome Palestinian opposition to their
oppression
but also to silence Israelis and to
silence the international community so
it goes further right you know if an
Israeli is against occupation she or he
must be traitors if an international
speaking or acting against occupation
they must be anti-semites right and I'm
saying that with a lot of cynicism but I
but this is no laughing matter this is
actually quite an effective silencing
mechanism that Israel is deploying
continuously all over the world you know
this week the Pope sainted Archbishop
card Archbishop Romero Oscar Romero of
El Salvador who is assassinated in 1980
the last speech he gave before he was
gunned down was heard throughout El
Salvador on the radio and he ordered the
soldiers he beseeched them he pled with
them to put down their arms to defy
orders he said stop the repression in
April your group B'Tselem called on
Israeli soldiers to refuse orders to
shoot unarmed protesters did they heed
no and we punished adds this is actually
also like a legal responsibility more
responsibility not only I think from
like any decent person but also
according to like you know Israelis own
laws if a soldier receives a flagrantly
illegal command is duty-bound not to
follow that command it commands that
orders soldiers to fire unarmed
protesters that are not endangering
anyone from a distance these are
flagrantly illegal commands they should
not have been given and the
responsibility for that is with the
country's leadership with the Prime
Minister Defense Minister chief of staff
and that's where the responsibility
begins that's over the brunt of the
responsibility is but if such orders are
given soldiers are duty-bound not to
follow such orders I wanted to turn to
an emergency room doctor who we
interviewed he's a Canadian doctor and
he went to Gaza to help Palestinians the
Palestinian Canadian dr. Terra Klugh
Bani who was shot by Israeli forces in
both legs while
he was helping treat Palestinians
injured by Israeli forces during the
nonviolent great march of return it was
May 14th it was a Monday I asked dr. Lu
Bonnie this is right after he was shot
if he felt he was targeted as a doctor I
don't know the answer to that I don't
know what's what orders they received or
what was in their heads so I can't tell
you if we were deliberately targeted
what I can tell you is the things that I
do know in the six weeks of the March
there were no paramedic casualties and
in one day 19 paramedics 18 wounded plus
one killed and myself were all injured
so or were all shot with live ammunition
we were all Moussa was actually in a
rescue at the time but everybody else
I've talked to was like me we were away
during a lull without smoke without any
chaos at all and we were targeted and we
were rather hit by live ammunition most
of us in the lower limbs so that was dr.
Turek Lu Bonnie the Canadian Palestinian
doctor we spoke to him just after he was
shot the men he was talking about
paramedic Moussa Abu Hassan Ian was shot
and killed by Israeli forces he was shot
in the chest dr. Lu bonny tweeted a
photo captioned a haunting photo Friday
May 11th left Mohamed MCDOT shot in the
right ankle Hassan Abu Salah Terra Klugh
bonny shot in left leg and right knee
you mean seal me Yusuf Imam Luke
Moussa Abu Hassan shot in the thorax and
killed volunteer unknown photographer
shot and wounded he said this was a
photo they were just taken so they could
have for their scrapbooks talk about
this okay there's a lot of information
also about addition incidents and I
invite viewers to go to the bit salon
website and read more data and analysis
on on the Australia what I would want to
add is that one can be rest assured that
in all likelihood no one is going to be
held accountable to any of these killing
Israel has Avenue brocaded whitewashing
mechanism that doesn't really
investigate it performs what looks like
investigation you know to push against
international legal authority sometimes
it will take a very long time until they
will close the case sometimes a shorter
time but based on our data analysis more
than a decade of working on such issues
both in the West Bank and in Gaza more
than 97 percent of the time no one will
be held accountable let me ask you about
the criticism that you've faced in
Israel two years ago our guest a guy
Allah spoke first before the United
Nations Security Council the Israeli
government threatened to revoke his
citizenship he was then barred from
speaking at Israeli schools then this is
Israeli ambassador to the United Nations
Danny Danon speaking yesterday
ma'el ad hoc media mr. elet you are a
citizen of the state of Israel serves
our enemies against us IDF soldiers
protect you and you come here and smear
them shame on you shame on you you
collaborator shame on you you
collaborated the Israeli ambassador to
the UN said a guy allowed your response
he said it in Hebrew no one could
understand that in real time at the
Security Council chamber and of course
he knew that he was talking to an
Israeli audience back home when he was
saying that 20 seconds before that he
was speaking in English and from the
same very seat celebrating is very
democracy because hey we have human
rights organizations such as B'Tselem
did get to present before the Security
Council it's a perfect example of his
very hypocrisy at its worst in the sense
that democracy is reduced to a product
for expert that's what we celebrate
abroad the only democracy in the Middle
East but at home going after the
traitors trying to silence the
opposition to the occupation both things
at the same time by this point and we
ready used to even to having both of
these voices but usually you'll be the
Prime Minister
and then someone else speaking five days
later somewhere else right but they have
the same person within less than a
minute do democracy in English
collaborator in Hebrew absolutely
amazing but to have like a deep
understanding of how cynical that is
that's all you need to look at what
about the Trump administration has it
changed what's happening on the ground
in Israel and the occupied territories
what about the Trump administration's
relationship president Trump Jared
Kushner's relationship with Prime
Minister Netanyahu Prime Minister
Netanyahu is inner circle as
increasingly being arrested the latest
charges brought against his own wife
moving in on Benjamin Netanyahu himself
and we see this you know something
similar happening in the United States
with an investigation of President Trump
but what's happening
I don't know over credits Trump
Netanyahu they haven't begun this
they've both inherited this reality that
has begun many years before that in
Israel by governments left right and
centre they were part of the occupation
project I don't want to shy away from
that history in that context at the same
time of course Trump is making
everything much worse in the sense in
Israel of like this government that not
only they have a green light from the
White House to basically get away with
almost anything they want to do but in
fact that what they have here is you
know from their perspective a concern a
limited time window of opportunity in
which to advance Israel's occupation
project with no fear of consequences
from the US with no fear of anything
happening at the Security Council
because of the American veto and that is
scary that was a guy a lot the executive
director of the Israeli human rights
group B'Tselem in New York last week
where he testified before the UN
Security Council officially for the
first time I'll be speaking Aliso Viejo
in Orange County California Wednesday
night at Soap University I'm Amy Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh thanks for joining
you
