[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman news that dr. Christine
Blasi for it will testify Thursday about
her sexual assault allegations against
president Trump's Supreme Court nominee
judge Brett Kavanaugh has prompted many
to warn senators not to repeat the same
mistakes made during the confirmation
process of Judge Clarence Thomas in 1991
when Anita Hill was questioned by an
all-male all-white Senate Judiciary
Committee about her allegations that
Thomas sexually harassed her when he was
her supervisor this is Anita Hill being
questioned by Republican senator aural
inspector New York Times says this quote
in an interview miss berry suggested
that the allegations were a result of MS
hills disappointment and frustration
that mr. Thomas did not show any sexual
interest in her now aside from saying
that miss berry doesn't know about you
on the social side what about the
substance of what miss berry had to say
I'm what exactly are you asking me I'll
repeat the question again
was there any substance in miss Berry's
flat statement that quote miss Hill was
disappointed and frustrated that mr.
Thomas did not show any sexual interest
in her
no there is not there is no substance to
that he did show interest in the weeks
after that hearing in 1991 black
feminists organized a manifesto titled
african-american women in defense of
ourselves that was signed by nearly 1600
women who raised $50,000 to publishing
it as an ad in the New York Times it
read in part were particularly outraged
by the racist and sexist treatment of
Professor Anita Hill an african-american
woman who was maligned and castigated
for daring to speak publicly of her own
experience a section of sexual abuse the
malicious defamation of Professor Hill
insulted all women of African descent
and sent a dangerous message to any
woman who might contemplate a sexual
harassment complaint for more we
continue with part two of our
conversation with Barbara Ron's band
Chicago she was one of the initiators of
african-american women in defense of
ourselves in 1991 now a professor of
african-american studies gender and
Women's Studies and history at the
University of Illinois Chicago author of
the award-winning biography Ella Baker
in the black freedom movement and a new
book just out titled making all black
lives matter reimagining freedom in the
21st century thank you for continuing
this conversation professor Ron's be
first I want to get your response to dr.
Christine Blasi Ford's allegations now
Deborah ramirez's allegations that just
came out in The New Yorker interestingly
both of these women have spent their
lives working on trauma dr. Christine
Blasi Ford is at Palo Alto University
she's a research psychologist and
Stanford she teaches and Deborah Ramirez
now works with domestic women domestic
violence survivors both alleging Brett
Kavanaugh sexually assaulted them when
he was 17 in the case of Ford and 18 in
the case of Ramirez well the room in the
Ramirez allegations have you know is you
know just come out and and I'm not
surprised because often there is a
pattern of men who engage in this kind
of behavior which there are many and
there are others who participate in a
kind of code of silence
don't think it's a serious transgression
and who either watch or hear about and
and and don't don't share that
information with others but I'm not
surprised that now we have two people
making these kinds of allegations and
women who are sensitized to a set of
feminist issues women who are sensitized
to the larger issue of sexual assault
and sexual violence who had the courage
to come forward I think that so many
women experience sexual harassment
sexual violence on a continuum and
choose to still to this day in 2018 to
keep quiet about it because often the
price is very high for speaking out I
wanted to turn to Joe Biden who many may
not realize that the Senate Judiciary
Committee of 1991 the Anita Hill hearing
was democratic it was chaired by a
Democrat yes the former will now vice
president former vice president then
Senate Judiciary chair Joe Biden
questioning Anita Hill back in 1991 can
you tell the committee what was the most
embarrassing of all the incidences that
you have alleged I think the one that
was the most embarrassing was his
discussion of pornography involving
these women with large breasts and and
engaged in variety of sex with different
people there are animals that was the
thing that embarrass me the most and
made me feel the most humiliated now I
want to turn to an interview with former
senator Vice President Joe Biden about
the Anita Hill hearings in 1991 this air
just Friday on NBC Biden was questioned
by by Craig Melvin I need a hill was
vilified when she came
forward by a lot of my colleagues
character assassination I wish I could
have done more to prevent those
questions and the way they asked them I
hope my colleagues learn from that my
biggest regret was I didn't know how I
could shut you off and you were a
senator and you were attacking even
Hills character under the Senate rules I
can't gavel you down and say you can't
ask that question although I tried and
so what happened was she got victimized
again during during the process seems
like you get it now versus back in 91
well I think I got it 91 I don't think
it well people have their own opinion
okay that's Joe Biden in on Friday
saying he got it then your response as
you go back deeply involved with the
Anita Hill hearings professor Ron's me
well yeah I mean I I'm disappointed that
he doesn't think he could have done
anything else because I think you know
in any formal hearing there are rules of
engagement there's protocol of course
senators are free to ask questions but
you know asking her was she a woman
scorned
you know implying in very snide ways
that she was lying that she was unstable
that that she had a sexual sexual
desires for Clarence Thomas and and
therefore was making this up so I mean
all of that should have been nixed
should have been checked in in the
context of that hearing and so I think
however Joe Biden might have done that
if that's what should have happened to
have a fair and respectful hearing Nita
Hill was there with her family she's one
of 13 siblings her aging mother I
believe was was also in the audience and
she was a challenge to recount these
really lewd and raunchy statements by by
Clarence Thomas in the course of making
her case and then being asked questions
to unsettle her to you know to make her
feel humiliated in that context I you
know it was just I'm sure more could
have been done the other thing is that
there were other witnesses that weren't
allowed to testify so that was another
omission and error on Joe Biden's part
ultimately eleven Democrats voted to
confirm Clarence Thomas despite these
very compelling and disturbing
allegations about him I mean Biden was
not one of them but but there were
eleven Democrats that that voted to
confirm Clarence Thomas who as you know
was confirmed by one of the the
narrowest margins in you know since the
19th century
so now talk more about how you did what
you did at the time how you organized in
nineteen ninety one sixteen hundred
women african-american women signed on
to your letter that you raised enough
money fifty thousand dollars to get a
full-page ad in the New York Times and
why you felt compelled to do this and
what you were doing Barbara at the time
he weren't a professor of
african-american studies gender and
women's studies in history at University
of Illinois right I was actually
finishing my my dissertation on Ella
Baker at the time I was teaching also in
Chicago but I wasn't I wasn't at
University of Illinois but it was myself
it was Elsa Berkeley Brown and Deborah
King we were all three academics who
were watching this I was also an
organizer I very involved in
anti-apartheid movement very involved in
black feminist organizing efforts very
much involved in in progressive and left
organizing for a number of hues so
organizing was not unfamiliar to me so
we we felt that it was important to have
a collective voice and not just
individual voices in response to what we
witnessed in the Anita Hill Clarence
Thomas spectacle we wanted particularly
black women to have a voice because we
didn't hear our voices heard there was
sort of this false juxtaposition between
race and gender in fact a number of
people said well it's white women who
are coming forward to support Anita Hill
Clarence Tom which was not you know I
mean white women did black women did
Latin X women did but also Clarence
Thomas invoked this idea of a high-tech
lynching which kind of gave him the
mantle of the black experience and
completely invalidated Anita's hill's
experience as a black woman who was
experiencing both sexism and racism so
we wanted to articulate all of that in
our state
we wanted to add some complexity to the
conversation and we wanted it to be in
the public record I have to say also
particularly galling was a New York
Times op-ed by Professor Orlando
Patterson who essentially said that this
is the way that black people interact
with each other that Clarence Thomas
didn't do anything wrong even if he said
some of these things and that he should
deny it even if he did it because he
would be subject to unfair and undue
sanctions and punishment and so that was
particularly outrageous to us that this
would be put forward as legitimate as an
acceptable analysis of the black
experience in such a big forum as a New
York Times op-ed and so we wanted to
respond to that as well and what was the
response to your ad well we we got a
great response when we made the call for
the ad and again I mentioned before it
was before the internet so when I tell
this to my students they were like how
in the world just do it we called people
we emailed B I mean we we weren't using
email we we call people we word-of-mouth
we set up an 800 phone line we we got
letters
I still have shoeboxes with letters and
notes from women saying either this
happened to me I completely believe her
I'm completely outraged by this thank
you for taking this initiative and so it
really resonated it really resonated and
after the fact we heard from people who
were upset that they didn't know ahead
of time in order to lend their names to
it it was a lot to raise money to and
I'm pleased that we were able to do it
by very small donations from many women
and some men who contributed to the
campaign so I wanted to bring this
forward to what's happening right now in
the case of dr. Christine Blasi Ford
she's set to testify Thursday but Dianne
Feinstein the Democratic senator has
called for a delay in these hearings at
this point with another woman stepping
forward and then Michael avenatti
saying there may be another woman and I
wanted to ask you about the difference
in the times what difference it makes
that this is all happening within the
context of the me2 movement and how this
has grown which was begun by an
african-american woman
tirana Burke right well we hope this
makes a difference I mean I think you
know as a historian I study change over
time right so there's ways in which
things change and then ways in which you
know things are all too familiar from 27
years ago but I do think the me2
movement has made an important
intervention it has you know not only
reiterated and underscored the fact that
sexual violence and sexual harassment is
pervasive in our society but has has
made sure that men with enormous power
and privilege were not exempt were not
insulated were not protected by their
their privilege and power and so you
know when you have a harvey weinstein
when you have the head of media outlets
who are called to be accountable for
their actions
i think that takes it to another level
we also know that you know women of
color working-class women women who are
incarcerated are most vulnerable
conversely we know that men of privilege
white men of privilege are often not
held accountable and so I think the me2
movement has crossed a threshold in that
regard and and we hope that that makes a
difference in this case dr. Ron's be
this brings us to your book making all
black lives matter reimagining freedom
in the 21st century
I asked Alexis Goldstein earlier in the
broadcast who's organizing the letter of
1,100 women who went to home and arms
kristinb la zis alma mater in high
school they wrote a letter and I asked
her you know she was very involved with
Occupy Wall Street and how that compares
to what's happening with me - let me ask
you about this all taking place in the
midst of the black lives matter movement
also what's happening just in your city
of Chicago you have Jon Burge just died
who is the acknowledged torturer the
police commander responsible for so many
young african-american men being
imprisoned with false confessions after
they were tortured you have the laQuan
McDonald trial under way not the trial
of laQuan McDonald unfortunately he's
dead but if the Police Officer Jason van
Dyke who's been charged with
first-degree murder talk about why you
wrote this book and make whatever
connections you will well the book is
documents the role of young black
feminists in the movement for black
lives the black lives matter movement
and that's a that was a really important
fact right that sometimes we gloss over
that from Ferguson to Chicago to New
York City to LA and Oakland Baltimore
young women activists with feminist
sensibilities influenced by earlier
feminist movements from african-american
women in defense of ourselves to the
Combahee River collective to the
abolitionist work of Angela Davis and
critical resistance those young women
were at the very forefront of the
movement against state violence rallying
in the case of Michael Brown's murder in
Ferguson but also holding up in the say
her name campaign holding up the the
deaths of African American women by
various forms of violence but state
violence the death and custody of Sandra
bland the police shooting of rikiya boy
and I wanted to talk about how black
feminist politics which are
intersectional which look at multiple
forms of oppression and injustice and
the way that they feed off of each other
why those politics were so pronounced
and why that fact was so important in
the black in sustaining the black lives
matter movement or the larger rubric the
movement for black lives and that
particularly is relevant in Chicago in
Chicago we have a range of organizations
from black youth project 100 to assadís
daughters to black lives matter Chicago
who have been
really relentless in challenging the
Chicago Police Department around various
instances of violence
laQuan McDonald being only one of those
and have been you know mainstays at this
at this Jason van Dyke trial so Chicago
and the organizing that's gone on here
has been at the epicenter of the
movement for black lives and continues
to be you mentioned John Burge is
passing the campaign here in Chicago to
get accountability for police torture
that had a long history here you know
under Jon Burge went on for many many
years several of his victims ended up on
death row there was a campaign to get
most of them to get all of them released
and and most of all of them were
released and then a campaign for a city
ordinance that would give some sort of
compensation to victims who who didn't
have that because of statute of
limitations but also set up a curriculum
in the Chicago Public Schools and set up
a center for people dealing with trauma
from police violence so there have been
victories there's been sustained
organizing here in Chicago we have a
historic mayoral race coming up next
year and these issues are fitting
prominently in that and the young women
who have been a part of black lives
matter movement will fit prominently in
that campaign as well hmm and now you
have Rahm Emanuel announcing he will not
run for mayor again Rahm Emanuel who
became mayor again in the last election
after suppressing after information was
suppressed the videotape of what
happened to laQuan McDonald yeah
absolutely and that's changed the
landscape we also have several African
American women running for mayor in this
in this current round so it was
interesting and and I think not
inconsequential that Rahm Emanuel made
his announcement that he wasn't going to
run for re-election
just as the Jason van Dyke trial jury
selection was was getting underway that
case was going to haunt him in this
campaign and I think he knew it and so I
think the movement
here in Chicago that has kept the laQuan
McDonald case alive that has said this
young man's life did matter that someone
will be held accountable the the person
that killed him will stand trial that
all of that is really important in
understanding the current political
context in the current mayoral race that
is unfolding here in Chicago any final
thoughts as we wrap up this moment we've
come to right now I mean you have a need
a hail weighing in at this point this
isn't like a moment way back in history
you have the black lives matter movement
you have the me2 movement as a historian
do you think we are making positive
change in this country that there is a
trajectory if you will moral arc towards
justice well I do think so I mean I
think you know the best of times the
worst of times I mean many of us have
felt traumatized by this this current
occupant of the White House because day
after day there's a new outrage but it's
not just the the recklessness of his
behavior it's also the policies that are
being pushed through the the programs
that are being dismantled the tax bill
which was horrendous etc but we've also
seen more organizing sustained
organizing direct action organizing new
coalition's forming we've seen more of
that than ever before we see a whole
crew of new progressive candidates
coming into the electoral arena so I'm
very optimistic I work very closely with
a lot of young organizers here in
Chicago and nationally they are smart
they are committed and they're
passionate about creating a different
kind of country and building a movement
that will get us there and and I'm
hopeful that that will be the case
Barbara rands be professor of
african-american studies gender and
Women's Studies in history at the
University of Illinois Chicago in 1991
she was one of the initiators of the
African American women in defense of
ourselves a black feminist ad campaign
in support of Anita Hill they got a
full-page ad in The New York Times
supporting a need a hill and her sexual
harassment alley
patience against then Supreme Court
nominee Clarence Thomas who would be
confirmed to the Supreme Court
