[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen shape with
our latest part to web-exclusive we
continue our conversation with the
award-winning artist and writer Molly
crabapple she's the illustrator and
co-author with marijuana sham of
brothers of the gun a memoir of the
Syrian war out next week she's also
written a memoir titled drawing blood
her art is in the permanent collections
of the Museum of Modern Art and the
Library of Congress I asked her to talk
about working with Marwan Hisham and
what it took from my wand to survive in
Syria well it's always difficult to
speak for someone else and someone
else's experience but shortly after me
and Marwan began working together he
broke the news of the American
airstrikes on Twitter he was so used to
the bombing of his city that he was able
to identify that this bombing came from
a different type of planes and he
correctly figured out that it was
America beginning airstrikes against
Isis he broke the news on Twitter 20
minutes before the Pentagon announced it
Marwan was living in a city that was
being bombed by America by Russia by the
Syrian regime by France by England by
every single country seemingly that
wanted to prove something about itself
and at the same time there was a
totalitarian regime in place that was
murdering anyone who did journalism in
that city he was talking about I mean
talking about Raqqa Isis murdered
journalists Isis murdered the family
members of journalists it murdered not
just famously Western journalists but it
murdered many many Syrian journalists as
well and Marwan did something of
astounding courage he didn't just give
me photos he actually filed for the New
York Times and foreign policy writing on
his phone and sending it at internet
cafes where at any moment if someone had
looked at his phone he could have been
jailed and killed and he did that
because he believes in journalism and
because he believes in writing most of
all and because he believes in
the power of words and the power of
keeping things for history even if it
doesn't change things right now and
could you explain Molly what prompted
your interest in Syria you went to
Tripoli and Lebanon and visited refugee
camps how did you sustain urine I mean
didn't marijuana have a lot to do with
how much you were able to develop your
own work on Syria starting from your
visits to those refugee camps well I
started covering Syria because I I
suppose I saw a certain unity between
the protests in 2011 that happened there
and the protests that I was covering in
Greece and also that I was involved in
in New York of course we had
disappointed hopes and tear gas and
Syria ended with bombings and torture
and their country destroyed so it seems
like a slightly frivolous comparison at
the moment but at the time that was what
initially drew me to it and so many
people had so many disagreements and
what was going on in Syria on the truth
of what was happening on the ground on
what America's role should be if any
that in 2013 I had the opportunity to
reporter for the New York Times in
Tripoli about Syrian refugees that were
living in the midst of this city that
was also divided in sectarian lines in
Lebanon and I also reported in makeshift
camps in the Bekaa Valley I met with
queer refugees in Lebanon and the
stories that people told me there they
they haunted me and the questions that
people asked me I still remember there
was a woman from Bob Amador which was a
suburb of Homs that saw some of the most
devastating early destruction by the
regime she asked me she was like Obama
talks about the red line is shortly
after the red line but what's the
difference if they were killed with gas
or if were killed with bombs what does
it matter and why didn't Obama do
anything and while I myself opposed
intervention and I've always opposed
intervention I didn't have a good answer
for that woman and so I suppose I kept
recover
I kept reporting on Syria both very very
very very briefly inside Syria but more
in refugee camps in Iraq in Lebanon and
Turkey and in Greece because I I wanted
to find answers and also I think what
stained me reporting on it was that it
did start with a revolution and that
revolution has been betrayed a thousand
times rebels have done many war crimes
inside Syria many many rebel groups of
the initial FSA have devolved into
Turkish proxies that are occupying a
Kurdish city called a freeing right now
however there was that revolution and I
felt that it was important to try to
preserve the memory of the bravery of
those people in those hopes however they
had been betrayed you've talked about
being inspired by George Orwell's homage
to Catalonia Margaret Atwood's The
Handmaid's Tale explain how they
informed your work brothers of the gun
I'll start with a Handmaid's Tale one of
the things that the devil's every person
that's writing about the Middle East for
Americans and honestly I think every
person who's writing about foreign
countries for Americans is that
Americans don't have a good education
about the world outside of America and
so writers have to do an endless amount
of exposition such as Syria country in
the Middle East there are different
religious sects in it and I think a lot
of writers are very frustrated with
having to do that and so me and my one
we looked at the way that Margaret
Atwood deals with Gilead as an example
of how you can show a world very very
different from your own that has all
sorts of different classes of people and
a totally different government and
totally different terminology without
literally writing out aunt Lydia is an
ant ants are women who repress other
women they have Tasers
so that was it was more of a technical
literary model in terms of homage to
Catalonia I think that everyone who
writes about war is probably inspired by
it
it's an incredibly personal unsparing
portrait of war and its horrors that is
equally honest about Orwell's own side
as it were I actually gave marijuana a
pirated ebook of homage to Catalonia
that he was reading when he was in
Aleppo and can you talk about Mali what
you think the value is of art in
chronicling war in particular the Syria
Wars you've done and what do you think
your illustrations I mean what is it it
seems obvious from having read the book
if you could say what is it that's
conveyed in your illustrations that
can't just be conveyed in text the first
privilege that an advantage and that an
artist has over photographer is that a
photographer has to be their photo
journalists are some of the most
insanely brave journalists on earth
because they're literally at the front
lines right with their camera there but
the thing is that power often keeps
cameras out I mean we were just
discussing our new I don't know shots
either not see our new you know CIA
leader and her destruction of tapes
right that's because power doesn't want
the images torture to be seen and one of
the things that art can do is art can
speak to those people who have been
tortured it can speak to those people
whose phones were emptied out at
checkpoints who have been imprisoned who
are under siege and it can make images
of their memories that would otherwise
be lost and that's something that I did
a lot in the book well something that
you mentioned in the first part of the
interview has to do with the way in
which the media in the US but not just
in the US has come to represent the war
in Syria and that this book brothers of
the gun a memoir of the Syrian war your
book written together with marijuana
sham it provides a corrective to that
narrative so could you explain what you
think the problems are with the way in
which Syria has come to be covered over
the course of these years that the war
has been on because of the incredible
and seemingly unfixable ignorant of
Americans about the outside world
a lot of Americans imagine that Syria
was either forever a pile of rubble
probably with camels roaming through it
and suicide bombings or else they'd just
have a giant blank of they have no idea
of what it was and also because of
propaganda in America that has happened
even before 9/11 people from the Middle
East are dehumanized here especially
young men from the Middle East they're
either at worst seen as terrorists or at
very best they're seen as pitiful
refugees who could use a helping hand
but they're not given the sort of
complexity and interior 'ti that
americans grant themselves so what we
wanted to do in this book was we wanted
to
show Marlins world in a way that was
nuanced in a way that was complicated
something that wasn't just black and
white man with beard bad man with no
beard good but something that showed the
full range of human possibilities and
something that also showed what Syria
was and what Syria is and tell us since
we don't have the opportunity now to
continue talking with Marwan and Turkey
we lost the satellite feed of the image
you have of him as an artist inside that
internet cafe did you ever see him there
and what he was doing in the
conversations he was having his main
customers there were Isis
well Marwan started working there in
large part because he wanted to observe
the occupiers of his city Isis members
in Raqqa they called rockins commoners
and they viewed them as inferior sinful
creatures that Isis was benevolently
helping by you know torturing and
publicly executing people and there was
not a lot of interaction between the
Isis fighters and normal rukns except in
a purely oppressive and hostile way and
Marwan who's always been addicted to
journalism he wanted to be able to
observe these people up close and also
write about what was really happening he
was providing information to journalists
from many publications long before he
started to write for himself and so he
view this as an opportunity to do that
to be able to chronicle the occupiers of
his city from inside and who do you hope
Mali will read this book when it's out
next week brothers of the gun a memoir
of the Syrian war and what would you
like people to learn from it I mean I
think every writer hopes everyone will
read their book but I hope people who
have not previously followed Syria
people who have not previously even
thought they would be interested in the
Middle East will read this book and one
of the reasons that we looked so much at
homage to Catalonia is that that's not a
book that you only read if you're
interested in the Spanish Civil War
that's a book that you read as a
universal story of
idealism and disillusionment and
betrayal in the context of war we want
people to read this book and see it as a
universal story of young men in the
midst of a horrifying situation forced
to make impossible choices I wanted to
go take a little journey from Syria to
Guantanamo a place that you have been
several times and I was wondering if you
can talk about your work in Guantanamo
that's actually it there's actually
oddly a number of similarities I went to
Guantanamo twice first to cover the
hadith Sheikh Mohammed pre-trial
hearings and second hover and chronicled
prison itself and both times I was
following the case of a young Algerian
man named Nabil Haj Arab who had been
kidnapped 14 years before and held
without trial since now Guantanamo is
perhaps the most censored place on earth
in terms of visuals it's something where
every single photo that goes out of
Guantanamo has to be looked through and
cleared for an op SEC that is so
complicated that a photographer ends up
basically paying playing twister with
his camera and pointing pointing it at
the floor the word ops oopps SEC is
operational security it's the military
term basically that means does this
photo have a camera doesn't have a face
does it have anything is is it something
other than a picture of the floor then
it's forbidden I don't know Holly Sheikh
Muhammed might like kill someone with a
notebook if this photo gets out that
that's that's how they think in
Guantanamo they use this very outsized
ridiculous safety rhetoric to a
completely censor all images and much of
the words coming out of there but
especially the images and my privilege
as an artist what I could do is I could
draw around that censorship for instance
a photographer they would have to not
take a photo that had anyone's heads in
it whereas an artist I would just give
those heads blank masks and I can show
not just the scene but the censorship
itself how did you get access to
Guantanamo and where exactly did you go
well a Guantanamo has press tours it had
I'm not sure about now but at that time
under Obama there very ironic slogan was
safe legal transparent humane your work
was called it don't
get mo better than this that's something
they sell on the souvenir t-shirts at
the Guantanamo gift shop could you
repeat that what exactly does it say it
says it don't get no better than this
and I believe it has some dolphins
I mean Guantanamo the Guantanamo gift
shop as if they it's like if they sold
beer steins at Buchenwald
there's no awareness in Guantanamo of
the torture of the people killed there
of the horrors of indefinite detention
it's just another cheerful military base
and there are tourists who go to
Guantanamo no they're not there aren't
tourists but this is for people who are
you know members of the military and
also you know it's a large naval base to
it it has a lot of people that are not
related to the prison there I think most
people they are not related to the
prison so this is just so you can you
know when you go home buy a shirt for
your family so talk about your drawings
well I drew this trial in an atmosphere
that was so censored that my notebook
literally has stickers on it saying that
everything is approved by the military
and I also I drew the prison including
for seven minutes the prisoners I
actually had to scribble out where their
heads were because the army said that
otherwise I might draw them from memory
I also drew the soldiers I drew the
medics I drew the chair that they
force-fed people in I drew the TV room
which is really just recliner with the
prisoners legs shackled to the floor I
tried my best to chronicle one of the
most horrendous and justices our country
has done and where did these where were
these images published and what kind of
response did you get well I published
the images and advice of Vice magazine
at the time the military spokesperson
was very angry at me and he called up my
editor and screamed a lot and he wrote
me many angry letters and they tried to
cancel my security clearance to go back
or just not give it to me but they
didn't end up doing that one of the
things that it perhaps touched me the
most was I've gotten a lot of very
positive response from guards that had
served there that said that it was very
true and before you go I wanted to go
from Guantanamo from
this incredible image you have it don't
get no better than this to Puerto Rico
and what your connection is to Puerto
Rico and what you did there in the
devastation the aftermath of the storm
hurricane Maria well my father's Puerto
Rican my father's an amazing a politican
studies professor and political
economist I I'm very lucky to have
learned so much from him I went to
Puerto Rico
the first time since childhood really
because I used to see my grandparents
there but I hadn't been back in a long
time I went first time since childhood
about three weeks after Maria and I was
covering what was happening in my friend
Christine Nia veces Vario which is in
Macau Province in the east which was
nothing at all no power no water no
connection on phones the only aid that
they had gotten was some skittles and I
think some cheez-its also they got it's
about ten days after they were given a
individual pack of Skittles and some
cheez-its and two small bottles of water
but how is that because that's actually
in in places where the US where bombs
and then provides with food it's more
more than just skittles
I think they don't care I mean everyone
that I know in Puerto Rico thinks that
the recovery or the lack thereof is a
deliberate plan to force people to leave
their homes so that the island can be
turned into a tourist resort because
there's the hurricane and the hurt
there's the devastation of that but
there's also the devastation of promesa
and austerity which is completely
financially gutting the island one third
of the schools in the island were just
ordered to be closed by Julia Kelleher
who's the American appointed head of
education who is paid $100,000 more than
Betsy DeVos to close schools in Puerto
Rico so I I've been going back since
then and I've been covering both the DIY
attempts to create community out of
disaster an amazing network of projects
called at the central state Balma
through the mutual aid centers Athens
style solidarity centers that have
happened all around the island and I
believe you had one of the founders of
them
Giovanni Roberto here previously who's
an amazing activist
but also I've been covering the the
resistance to disaster capitalism and
austerity there and talk about how you
have presented it for example in the
Paris Review what exactly you've done
well in Puerto Rico I have been doing
Illustrated articles and in the Paris
Review in particular I would I just took
a sketch book and I would you I would
create like vignettes where maybe I
would do six sketches about a particular
thing like six sketches about artists
helping rebuild in Comodoro for instance
or six sketches about anarchist bike
punks in Mariana and then I would you
know write a small thing and I was
trying to basically just show the
different ways that Porto Ricans were
rebuilding for themselves well I want to
talk about Mali the origins of your art
in activism how you started in the
Occupy Wall Street movement I mean you
mentioned earlier that even though of
course there's no equivalence that you
started off and occupy you also covered
protests in Greece and then you went to
Syria I mean you didn't literally go to
Syria but you went to the refugee camps
and then you've done this beautiful book
on on Syria you'd said initially that
before occupy
I felt like using my art for activist
causes was exploitative of activist
causes so could you explain what you
meant by that and then how occupy
changed your perception of the art that
you were doing before occupy I work
primarily in nightclubs I was someone
who had sit in the corner of a very very
decadent nightclub in Wall Street and I
would essentially be their house
toulouse-lautrec drawing all the acts
and and it was an amazing privilege I
have learned much more perhaps from
nightclub performers than I have from
anyone else in this world and were you
