welcome to democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report
I'm Amy Goodman president Trump's
expected to announce today the US will
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel and initiate a process of moving
the u.s. embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem the move would upend decades
of international peace efforts the
announcement has already sparked a
massive international backlash with
leaders of Britain France Iran Jordan
Egypt Turkey the Arab League and other
nations all criticizing the move
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
warned of quote the dangerous
consequences such a decision would have
to the peace process and to the peace
security and stability of the region and
the world
unquote Palestinians have called for
three days of Rage protests across the
israeli-occupied territories control of
Jerusalem is one of the most contested
issues between Israelis and Palestinians
the Israeli military seized control of
East Jerusalem in 1967 and has occupied
it ever since
Palestinians however have long seen
Jerusalem as the capital of their future
country since 1967 the UN Security
Council and UN General Assembly have
passed dozens of resolutions calling for
Israel to end its occupation of East
Jerusalem currently 86 nations have
their embassies in Tel Aviv no country
has an embassy in Jerusalem this is Pope
Francis speaking Tuesday immeuble 0 VAR
Jerusalem my thoughts go out to
Jerusalem in this respect I cannot hide
my deep concern about the situation that
has developed in the last days and in
the meantime I make an urgent appeal to
everybody to respect the status quo of
the city in accordance with the relevant
resolutions of the United Nations I pray
that wisdom and prudence can prevail to
avoid adding new elements of tension and
a world scenario already convulsive and
scarred by so many cruel conflicts back
in the United States Michigan Democratic
Congress member John Conyers
has announced his resignation in the
face of multiple accusations of sexual
harassment
today and I want everyone to know how
much I appreciate the support that
incredible undiminished support I've
received across the years from my
support not only in my district but
across the country as well
Conyers was speaking on a local Detroit
radio station congressman Conyers has
been the longest-serving current member
of the House of Representatives the
longest-serving african-american
lawmaker in congressional history
multiple women have accused Conyers of
sexually harassing or groping them
including his former deputy chief of
staff Marion Brown who settled a sexual
misconduct case against Conyers for
$27,000 Brown said Conyers invited her
to a Chicago hotel room in 2005 where he
appeared in his underwear and demanded
she touch him sexually
she says she was fired when she refused
this is brown speaking on NBC's Today
Show I am taking the risk and the reason
why I'm taking a risk it is important to
be I want to be a voice you know I'm my
ancestors my grandmother you know my
mother my daughters you know my
granddaughter you know I want her when
she enters the workforce long when I'm
gone I want her to not have to you know
endure sexism and gender inequality and
all I want to stand up and I felt it was
worth the risk to stand up for all the
women in the workforce that are
voiceless you know that ordinary women
like myself with extraordinary
challenges working in the workforce that
are dominated by men Congress member
John Conyers has endorsed his son John
Conyers the third to replace him in
Conyers the grandson of Conyers brother
a state senator will also run for John
Conyers seat in the House of
Representatives President Trump is
standing by his endorsement of Alabama
Senate candidate Roy Moore who's been
accused by at least nine women if
sexually harassing or assaulting them
when they were teenagers one of the
women says Moore removed her shirt and
pants and touched her over her bra
underwear when she was 14 years old she
says she recalls thinking I wanted it
over with I wanted out please just get
this over with whatever this is just get
it over she said when she was 14 this
happened
this is Donald Trump speaking Tuesday we
don't want to have a Liberal Democrat in
Alabama believe me we want strong
borders we want stopping crime we want
to have the things that we represent and
we certainly don't want to have a
Liberal Democrat that's controlled by
Nancy Pelosi and controlled by Chuck
sure but we don't want to have that for
Alabama thank you all very much thank
you
the Republican National Committee has
recommit 'add money and resources to
Alabama special election in December
12th after President Trump tweeted
support for Roy Moore on Monday former
White House chief strategist Steve
Bannon campaigned for more in Alabama
Tuesday meanwhile late-night show host
Stephen Colbert lashed out at Trump
Tuesday night for supporting Roy Moore
yes we want stopping crime we just not
want stopping sexual assault Moore is
grateful for Trump's support tweeting I
look forward to fighting alongside the
President to Maga
of course that's the sound teenage girls
make when they see Roy Moore at the mall
New York Times has published a massive
expose on how disgraced Hollywood mogul
Harvey Weinstein built an industry-wide
complicity machine to allow him to
perpetrate rape sexual assault and
sexual harassment for decades Weinstein
is now facing criminal investigation in
multiple cities after more than a
hundred women have come forward to
accuse him the expose chronicles how he
was able to get away with the violence
by building a web of lawyers agents
journalists editors and publishers to
help him cover his tracks and intimidate
potential accusers the piece says
Hollywood agents and managers repeatedly
sent actresses to private meetings with
Weinstein even though they knew about
previous assaults the article also says
Weinstein used his political connections
to protect himself often saying during
the Obama presidency quote I know the
President of the United States
who do you know unquote a major new
investigation by the intercept says the
Trump administration is weighing plans
to create a global network of private
spies who would report directly to the
White House and CIA director Mike Pompeo
according to the investigation the
proposal was developed by Erik Prince
founder of the now-defunct private
mercenary firm Blackwater and Oliver
North a Marine lieutenant colonel who
oversaw the Reagan administration's
covert operation to divert money from
secret arms sales to Iran to right-wing
death squads in Nicaragua a scheme now
known as the iran-contra scandal the
intercept reports Prince and North have
pitched the private network of spies as
a way for the White House to counter
members of the intelligence community or
the so called deep state who Trump
claims are subverting his presidency the
intercept also reports the White House
is considering another proposal to
create a new global kidnapping and
rendition program Erik Prince advise
president Trump's transition team he's
also this brother of education secretary
Betsy DeVos
after Trump took office Prince publicly
pitched a plan to privatize the US war
in Afghanistan another member of Trump's
transition team CIA veteran John McGuire
is also reportedly working with Prince
on the private spies and global
rendition plan the intercept reports
Prince may have foreshadowed his new
proposal in a 2016 interview on former
White House chief strategist Steve
bannon's radio program in which Prince
proposed reviving a version of the CIA's
Vietnam War assassination scheme known
as the Phoenix program to a Phoenix like
program okay remember the Phoenix
program was a root canal diamantina this
is the Phoenix program this is a Phoenix
program is in Vietnam it was a vicious
but very effective kill capture program
in Vietnam that destroyed the Vietcong
as a military force that's what needs to
be done to the funders of Islamic terror
and that would be even the the wealthy
radical Islamist billionaires funding it
from the Middle East and any of the
other illicit activities there in that
was Eric prince speaking on Steve
bannon's radio program last year the
White House the CIA and Eric prints have
all rejected the intercepts expose this
is White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders speaking Tuesday sir
one issue that you may have seen this
morning is the White House on the
president at any level considering
creating a global regional spy network
that would circumvent the US
intelligence apparatus serve the
president outside of the normal and
legally defined intelligence gathering
mechanism I'm not aware of any plans for
something of that definition or anything
similar to that at this time I'm not
going to answer every hypothetical for
every single member did some random
person off the street come in and say
again I haven't asked him but it's not
something that's currently in the works
in Honduras the political crisis
continues as the government is still
refusing to release the results of the
November 26 presidential election
between incumbent president Juan Orlando
Hernandez an opposition candidate
Salvador Nasrallah
the opposition is calling for either a
runoff election or a full recount of the
vote massive protests erupted over the
weekend after the government controlled
electoral commission stopped tallying
votes when the count showed Nasrallah
had by more than five percentage points
after the delay the Electoral Commission
then claimed Hernandez was ahead
sparking protests in which at least
three people were killed earlier this
week the Honduran police mutiny against
the government saying it would no longer
enforce a curfew and crackdown against
protesters on Tuesday a spokesman for
the National Police said their strike
continues the National Police affirms
its commitment before Honduran society
and we are firm that we will not repress
the Honduran people given that we are in
depth to them and that is why we are
demanding a quick resolution to the
political crisis the country is
confronted second the outline that we
are not pursuing this for a salary
increase as was previously mentioned in
the us-backed saudi-led coalition has
intensified its bombing a campaign in
Yemen following the killing of the
former President Ali Abdullah Saleh he
was killed earlier this week by Houthi
rebels after he switched sides in the
ongoing war and through his support to
the saudi-led coalition the saudi-led
coalition has launched dozens of
airstrikes against the Houthis in the
capital sana today in Washington DC
president Trump's eldest son Donald
Trump jr. set to testify to the House
Intelligence Committee as part of the
special investigation into alleged
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia during the 2016 election
this comes as Special Counsel Robert
Muller has revoked a bail agreement for
Trump's former campaign chair Paul
Manafort Muller's investigators say
while nana fort was out on bail he
worked with a russian colleague to
ghostwrite an editorial promoting mana
for its political work with ukraine
thereby compromising the fairness of
mana for its upcoming trial russia has
been banned from the 2018 Winter Games
after the International Olympic
Committee found its athletes were guilty
of systematic doping the IOC says
individual Russian athletes can still
apply to compete in February's Games in
South Korea but they will have to
participate wearing a neutral uniform in
California a wildfire in Ventura County
north of Los Angeles exploded in size
Tuesday burning 55,000 acres destroying
over a hundred fifty buildings forcing
27,000 people to evacuate and knocking
out power for a quarter million
residents meanwhile new fires have
erupted across Southern California
fanned by gusty Santa Ana winds the
fires are so bad they appear in a NASA
satellite photograph in Washington DC
dozens of indigenous leaders from Alaska
and other parts of North America will
hold a protest at the Capitol building
today demanding Congress drop Arctic
drilling from their massive rewrite of
the US tax code a little-known provision
tucked into the Senate's version of the
tax bill would open one of the world's
last pristine wilderness 'as the Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska to
oil and fracked gas drilling the Arctic
refuge is rich in biodiversity home to
caribou polar bears and musk oxen it's
also been home to indigenous people for
thousands of years you can go to our
website democracynow.org to see our
extended interview on the Arctic
Wildlife Refuge and football player
Colin Kaepernick accepted Sports
Illustrated's Muhammad Ali Legacy Award
Tuesday night Kaepernick helped spark a
movement against racism and police
brutality across the NFL the National
Football League
after he refused to stand last year for
the national anthem before an NFL game
this is Colin Kaepernick speaking after
accepting the award from Beyonce Tuesday
night I accept this award knowing that
the legacy of Muhammad Ali is that of a
champion of the people
and one who was affectionately known as
the people's champ I accept this award
not for myself but on behalf of the
people because if it were not for my
love for the people I would not have
protested if it was not for the support
from the people I would not be on this
stage today
with or without the NFL's platform I
will continue to work for the people
because my platform is the people after
winning Sports Illustrated's Muhammad
Ali legacy award Tuesday night that was
Colin Kaepernick speaking he also spoke
at the nation magazine's gala where he
was honored last night and those are
some of the headlines this is democracy
now democracynow.org the war and peace
report I'm Amy Goodman and I'm one
Gonzales welcome to all of our listeners
and viewers around the country and
around the world
