this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's
democracy now special by looking at the
growing movement calling on President
Trump to resign over multiple claims of
sexual misconduct harassment and assault
against him the renewed calls come
amidst the International me to movement
in which women across the globe have
come forward to accuse a slew of
powerful men of sexual harassment
assault and rape in December New York
senator Kirsten Gillibrand became the
fifth senator and first female senator
to call for President Trump to step down
over 16 claims he harassed assaulted or
engaged in misconduct with women in
response Trump attacked Gillibrand
tweeting quote lightweight senator
Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for
Chuck Schumer and someone who had come
to my office begging for campaign
contributions not so long ago and would
do anything for them is now in the ring
fighting against Trump he tweeted
senator Gillibrand fired back saying
president Trump's attack was sexist it
was a sexist smear attempting to silence
my voice and I will not be silenced on
this issue neither will the women who
stood up to the president yesterday and
neither will the millions of women who
have been marching since the women's
March to stand up against policies they
do not agree with the USA Today
editorial board jumped in with an
unusually forceful editorial headlined
will Trump's lows ever hit rock bottom
the editorial went on a president who
would all but call senator Kirsten
Gillibrand a [ __ ] is not fit to clean
the toilets and the Barack Obama
Presidential Library or to shine the
shoes of George W Bush unquote meanwhile
three of the sixteen women who've
publicly accused Trump of sexual
misconduct held a news conference last
month in New York demanding Congress
take action
the women shared accounts in which they
said Trump groped fondled forcibly
kissed them or engaged in some kind of
misconduct the press conference was held
by Bray
new films which released the documentary
sixteen women and Donald Trump in
November he groped me he absolutely
groped me and he just slipped his hand
there touching my private part he turned
to me and embraced me and gave me a kiss
on the lips and I I remember being
shocked and because I would have just
thought to shake somebody's hand but
that was his first response with it was
a real shock when all of a sudden his
hands were all over me but it's when he
started putting his hand on my skirt and
that was it that was it
the person on my right who unbeknownst
to me at that time was Donald Trump put
their hand up my skirt he did touch my
vagina through my underwear as the women
walked across the table Donald Trump
would look up under their skirt and you
know comment on whether they had
underwear or didn't have underwear I
didn't want to have to walk across the
table I wanted to get out of there then
his hand touched the right inside of my
breast
I felt intimidated and I felt powerless
Lana was standing right next to him when
he touched my butt when we entered the
room he wrapped each of us tightly in a
hug and hissed
this without asking permission after
that I received another call from either
Donald or a male calling on his behalf
offering me $10,000 his actions are a
huge testament to his character that of
uncontrollable misogyny entitlement as
being a sexual assault apologist
and you know sitting there in my robe
and having you know my makeup and hair
done and everything and he comes walking
in and I was just like oh my good woman
doing back here I saw him walk into the
dressing room he just came strolling
right in there was no second to put a
robe on or any sort of clothing or
anything some girls were topless other
girls were naked waltzing in when we're
naked or half naked in a very physically
vulnerable position and he came to me
and started kissing me open mouthed as
he was pulling me towards him he then
grabbed my shoulder and began kiss me
again and very aggressively and paces
placed his hand on my breast and I said
come on man get real he repeated my
words back to me get real as he began
thrusting his Jennifer that's an excerpt
from producer Robert Greenwald sixteen
women and Donald Trump in December
Democracy Now Swan Gonzales and I sat
down with Samantha Hovey a former Miss
USA contestant for North Carolina when
Trump owned the pageant I began by
asking her about the first time she met
Donald Trump the first time I met Donald
Trump we were in New York City doing a
media tour all 51 of the Miss USA
contestants and we were at Trump Tower
and they lined us all up and so he could
meet all of us and I'm thinking this is
gonna be a meet and greet you know lots
of eye contact that was not the case at
all he walks by and every one of us at
the very least me he just looked me up
and down like I was a piece of meat
there was no hi how are you doing are
you excited to be here none of that I
was just a piece of meat that was his
property and I thought oh goodness I
hope I never have to deal with him again
I don't I don't want to be around him
and then finals night rolls around and
I'm you know inherent
make up I've got curlers in my hair
nothing but a robe on just 20 years old
and he comes waltzing in to hair and
makeup and it's just looking around not
talking to us asking us how we're doing
and by the way you know Miss USA was not
my first pageant I've been I've competed
in other pageants and the directors no
man were ever backstage so this is not
something that happens so I see him walk
into hair and makeup and he's looking
this all over and then he was waltz
right into the dressing room where we
have two big security guards making sure
that nobody but female contestants and
chaperones are allowed in there but he
walks right on in and to hear him
talking about he's never met any of us
you know this is what happens every year
it's it wasn't just 2006 he bragged
about this on Howard Stern and silly me
I should have been watching Howard Stern
because he bragged about it the year
before I competed at Miss USA so this
was a known thing that he did and so
it's just amazing to call to call me a
liar when I'm just verifying his own
words
well White House spokesperson Cyrus
Sanders responded to the allegations
against Trump during Monday's press
briefing this is what she said that's
the president said himself he thinks
it's a good thing that women are coming
forward but he also feels strongly that
a mere allegation shouldn't determine
the course and in this case the
president has denied any of these
allegations as have eyewitnesses and
several reports have shown those
eyewitnesses also back up the
president's claim in this process and
again the American people knew this and
voted for the president and we feel like
we're ready to move forward in that
process so Samantha your response to
Sarah Huckabee Sanders statement also
you initially raised these allegations
that did many of the women last year
during the campaign and what's the
change now the decision not to come to
this press conference yesterday you know
it was a tough decision to come back out
because I did get a lot of backlash last
year when I spoke out and so I wasn't
sure if I wanted to go through all of
that again
when the the idea was that all of us
would come together that all you know
sixteen women would come together and
seeing us as a group seeing us there
supporting each other as well as telling
our stories there's power numbers and
that's what I was just hoping that maybe
this year it would be different since
the climate is different Samantha you're
from North Carolina I went to college in
North Carolina I grew up in West
Virginia yeah I was born in Texas I'm a
southern girl so which makes it even
more relevant to talk about Roy Moore
right now your thoughts about President
Trump endorsing this accused pedophile
this accused child my life I was
absolutely disgusted but not surprised
because that's his MO that's that is
another testament to his character the
person he is and you know it doesn't it
doesn't matter that women come out with
evidence and this is like to make sure
everybody knows this is not a he-said
she-said thing this is a he said/she
verified what he said and then he said
that he didn't say that so you know it's
not it's not a surprise that he came out
for Roy Moore but what I would love to
see I would love to see Republicans take
a stand because women's issues the
treatment of women that's not a partisan
issue that's not something that only
Democrats should believe in this is
something that every woman in America
and every man in America needs to stand
up and say no we are no longer accepting
this type of behavior that was Samantha
Hovey a former Miss USA contestant from
North Carolina when Trump owned the
pageant in December Namine shahe and I
spoke with Trump accuser Jessica Leeds
she recently retired after working 30
years as a stock broker she's a mother
of two and grandmother of eight I began
by asking Jessica Leeds what happened to
her when she encountered Donald Trump in
the first-class cabin of a commercial
flight in 1979 I was traveling for a
paper company as a sales rep there were
very few women at that time working on
the road so it was not unused
for the steward has come back and asked
me if I wanted to come up to first class
and I was delighted because the food was
better the seats were more comfortable
so I came up and the gentleman sitting
on the window side and right at the
bulkhead I sat down and he introduced
himself as Donald Trump at that time I
knew nothing about the Trump
Organization Donald Trump or anything
goes I did not work out of New York City
I was based in Connecticut but I flew in
and out of New York
well they served the meal and after it
was cleared he jumped all over me and
started groping me and kissing me and
this and at the time I remember thinking
why doesn't the guy across the aisle
come to my aid why doesn't the
stewardess come back you know but
nothing was said I didn't say anything I
don't remember him saying and he throw
did he first you had been talking at
lunch well you were a little bit not a
lot not a lot and he just turned to you
yeah yeah and did what and started
grasping me and pulling me and groping
my breasts and trying to kiss me but
it's when he started to put his hand up
my skirt that I managed to wiggle out
because I'm not a small person and I
also managed to remember my purse and
went to the back of the airplane and and
that was the rest of the flight to where
the flight attendants are you just went
back to the very back right right and
when the plane landed I made sure that
everybody was off the plane before I did
because I didn't want to run into him
again I did not complain to the airlines
I did not complain to my boss that
wasn't that was not done there were all
sorts of silly things that would happen
on airplanes like guys you want to join
the mile-high club
I mean they would you know these were
things that at that time we tolerated so
fast-forward I left and came to New York
City this was like in like 81 82 I got a
job with the Humane Society
New York and they were having this this
fundraising gala at Saks Fifth Avenue
and I'm the new kid on the block so I'm
really really thrilled to be involved
with this and it was a wonderful New
York sparkly night and I got to meet all
these designers who are now since gone
but Oscar little de la Renta and Bill
Blass and Geoffrey Beene and Mary
McFadden and all of them and up comes
I'm at the table that gave out the table
assignments up comes Trump with his wife
Ivana who's very pregnant and I look at
him and by this time having worked for
the Humane Society I was aware of who
this guy was the Trump family and
everybody on the society scene was very
important to the Humane Society to bring
him in so I'm remembering him but I hand
him this this chip and he looks at me
and he says I remember you you're that
and he used the c-word from the airplane
that a c-word used to refer to a woman
yes yes and it was like it would been a
crowded scene around the table but it
was like all of a sudden everybody just
sort of disappeared and it's not that I
felt threatened but I felt very much
alone and he took his stick and he went
and he went on well fast forward to 2015
and 16 when I realized that Trump was
actually going to run for president I
started telling everybody who would
stand for it my family my friends
everybody in anybody my book club my
neighbors everybody I would say listen
let me tell you what kind of a person
Donald Trump is this was my experience
with him for the most part they were
women and for the most part they believe
me there were some that didn't because
it
was a long time ago but coming up to the
debates
it was the second debate and when
Anderson Cooper challenged Trump have
you ever groped a woman he said no no no
let's talk about Syria and Anderson
didn't let him off the hook
have you ever groped a woman no no no
well I'm on my feet yelling at the TV
because you know yes you did and I
didn't sleep well that night and then I
got up in the morning and I picked up my
newspaper and I thought I know what I'll
do I'll write a letter to the editor and
I might open up my computer and my email
was flying out the wall it just was
incredible
all my friends saying you got to say
something now you got to say something
so I compose this letter to the editor I
sent it off to the New York Times went
swimming came back a couple of hours
later and there was a message from The
Times would I please call them and I did
and this woman reporter Megan 2e
questioned me I mean we talked for over
an hour and then she said can I send a
reporter this for a letter to the editor
you know so yes she sent a reporter he
and I talked for about two hours and he
took the names of the people that I had
told like my son like my nephew like my
friends like my neighbor and they called
him and said and asked them did Jessica
tell you this story over the past year
and they all confirmed that that's what
I had done so then that Times asked what
can we do a video and by this time I'm
going wow this is getting pretty strange
and they did a video and that came out
Wednesday night and then Thursday
morning I opened my door and pick up my
newspaper and it's below the fold but
there's my picture and I remember
thinking holy No
for about a couple of months and then
there was a this interview with Anderson
Cooper and I agreed to that because he
was the guy who asked the question and
he treated me I thought very very well
and and we had a good conversation but
then my kids insisted that I leave the
city because there was people hanging
around the door and since I'm too old to
know how to do the Internet and the
Facebook and all that I have no idea of
the hate mail that that came in and we
disconnected the phone and I left town
for it for a couple of days I went out
to a small town in Pennsylvania and the
next day we go to the post office and
the women in the post office come up to
me and they say thank you and you're so
brave we go to the bank the tellers at
the bank the customers in the bank come
out and say thank you and you're so
brave we go to the farmers market we go
to the grocery store the neighbors in
Robins neighborhood all come in when
they find out that I'm there and they
all say the same thing they say thank
you and you're so brave I come back to
the city I go to the why for swimming
and for exercise and the women started
coming up to me but they also said I
have a story so I began to hear all
these stories some of them really
horrific some of them very minor this
guy in my office came in and he my
breath it's like holy he did what
so it
went on for a while and then things calm
down and then the anniversary of well
and Trump got elected and it was
extremely disappointing
you're now calling for a congressional
investigation yes yes explain well the
problem with the political thing is the
fact that Trump really feels like he
doesn't have anybody over he doesn't
have it there's nobody telling him
nobody's the boss of the white house
except Trump it's up to Congress to to
haul them to bringing him to task for
who he is and what he is
I'm hoping the Muller investigation will
do it but but at this point I have to do
have to continue doing what I feel is
important about the sexual aggression
issues so it's up to I think it's up to
Congress to to step forward 56 women in
Congress have five senators four of the
men one of them Kristin Gillibrand who
he just verbally attacked have called
for his resignation yes well that would
be something else too but he he will
never I think it's just like he doesn't
remember these things anymore as I said
he remembered me after a couple of years
and I'm not sure why but he doesn't
remember because he he's done it all his
life if if some investigating
power could go back and check with his
high school and college years I bet the
women that he dated then had the same
experience and clearly this is not just
about dating no no this this is this is
the the labeled sexual aggression it
really is it's and it's control over
something he just I love it when he says
he appreciates women but he doesn't what
he wants is some arm candy and you've
talked about the massive discrepancy
between women's survivors remembering
every single detail of what happened
and male abusers completely forgetting
what what yeah women remember in
exquisite detail when it happened how it
happened where it happened how they got
out of it how they got home
most of them talked about throwing their
clothes away most of them said that they
felt responsible for what happened and
they didn't want to tell anybody even
their parents or their spouses or
everything they remember it whether they
were eight years old or whether there
were thirty years and you said you never
wore a dress on a plane again I stopped
wearing skirts
I started off and suits were though
because he reached up yeah yeah I wasn't
going to and I cut my hair from from
being long too short it was one of those
things where you as and this is what I
object to you as the victim take on the
responsibilities to somehow another
prevent these situations from happening
do you want President Trump to resign
resign be taken out absolutely that was
Jessica Leeds she recently retired after
working 30 years as a stockbroker when
we come back we look at the movement to
impeach President Trump
