[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman the trump administration
will reportedly withdraw the United
States out of the UN Human Rights
Council Reuters reports the decision is
imminent and comes after the United
Nations General Assembly voted 120 to 8
Wednesday to condemn Israel over its
massacre of Palestinians protesting
non-violently against Israel's
occupation to discuss this breaking news
we're joined by Phillip Alston the
United Nations Special Rapporteur on
extreme poverty and Human Rights who
will speak in front of the UN Human
Rights Council in Geneva next Thursday
about poverty in the United States
Philipp Alston this breaking news that
it is imminent that the US will pull out
you just sent your report on extreme
poverty to the US ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley she hasn't
responded to it
no no reply will the u.s. be there next
week when you give your report well
according to the reports if they really
go ahead and pull out on Monday that
means no the US has done this before
John Bolton led a walkout some time ago
under the Bush administration the US was
out for three years that was a very
negative development I think and the
Obama administration then brought the
u.s. back in well that's very
interesting because John Bolton just
recently became president Trump's
national security adviser which is a
position not approved by the Senate and
when he became US ambassador to the
United Nations when he pulled the u.s.
out
President Bush had to make a recess
appointment knowing he would not be
approved by the Senate I think John
Bolton has always had a pretty negative
view of the United Nations
the Human Rights Council is fairly self
targeted and so what does this mean what
does it mean that the u.s. is not a part
of this body that looks at human rights
around the world first let's address the
issue that the u.s. is giving is the
reason for pulling out the UN General
Assembly is almost universal
condemnation of the violent attacks by
the Israeli military on nonviolent
protesters since March 30th I believe
more than 120 Palestinians have been
killed well over 13,000 have been
injured in these protests by Israeli
snipers in the military I think
obviously you've got to look at the
voting on this issue without even
getting into all of the really awful
stuff about the violations that have
been going on if you've got eight
countries in the entire world who don't
think that Israel should have been
condemned for these actions you need to
ask why are these eight going against
all the others and those eight consist
of the United States Australia and six
other very small countries very small
players essentially all of the countries
of Western Europe all of the United
States allies joined in the United
Nations action in relation to Israel so
you've got a very small handful of
people trying to defend a position which
is very difficult which is that there
shouldn't be a proper independent
investigation of the actions that took
place regardless of the final of the
bottom line the investigation is
essential and the United States itself
again would say that in relation to a
whole range of other countries and
situations in some ways Israel is being
treated differently but by the United
States and Australia as much as by the
UN nikki Haley said delivering a speech
at the Graduate Institute
of Geneva if it fails to change talking
about the UN Human Rights Council then
we must pursue the advancement of human
rights outside of the council it really
depends to be honest how they do it I
think it's very bad for it's bad for the
council because the United States
remains a very important player it's bad
for the United States because this is a
really important forum in which it can
push other countries to do things when
they were through last time
in fact they remained fairly vigilant
behind the scenes there was an incident
where I as Special Rapporteur on
extrajudicial executions back in those
days was the subject of a resolution for
my dismissal because a number of
countries didn't like the reporting that
I was doing explain what happened then
well it was essentially an effort by
countries led by Russia and India as a
backlash to the fact that I'd presented
reports on a lot of countries that were
killing people around the world the
LGBTI issue was part of it but also just
a whole range of countries where I was
reporting on killings and so on and so
these countries decided to take the
initiative and would have been
unprecedented
but I learned subsequently that the
United States which was not a member and
which was only present in the corridors
nonetheless said to the Allies and so on
this guy's doing important work we want
to protect him so the US could even if
it's if even if it worth draws continue
to play a constructive role the problem
is of course that this administration is
not sending any signals that that is
likely to happen and so I think if you
do have a complete withdrawal you have
to ask then what the other forums are
where the US can stand up for human
rights and whether you like the UN
whether you like its human rights
council or not there are not other
forums that bring together all of the
relevant states
where pressure can be applied for more
decent standards of Rights I want to
read from an article in the nation
magazine from January to add two
potential grievances about against the
Human Rights Council where the current
u.s. term as a member would normally end
in 2019 a UN monitor on extreme poverty
in Human Rights Philip Alston of New
York University Law School released a
report in mid-december saying there'd
been a dramatic change of direction and
US policies relating to in equality and
extreme poverty so the nation is
attributing at least in part the u.s.
pulling out of the Human Rights Council
if indeed it does it does say it's
imminent to this report that you have
just released on extreme poverty it's
interesting that when I arrived in
Washington DC to begin my visit I met as
one must with the US State with the US
State Department and in that briefing a
comment was made which suggested that
perhaps I should bear in mind that my
report might have some implications in
terms of the u.s. possibly withdrawing
from the council I didn't take that
suggestion too seriously because I don't
think I've done a lot of reporting on a
lot of countries around the world the
issues are always tough governments
never enjoy being criticized that's what
it's all about but I certainly hadn't
expected that the United States would
react in this way my suspicion is that
there's a range of different reasons for
withdrawing I think the fact that my
report is up next week will be discussed
by a whole range of other countries is
not really very appealing to them I
don't really think that Israel is the
sole issue I think that's being dealt
with in a variety of other forums are
they going to pull out of the United
Nations General Assembly because that's
the body that recently adopted this
resolution they don't like
they almost certainly can't and won't do
that so there must be other problems
with the Human Rights Council and I
think it's just a general reluctance to
participate in the process of being held
accountable maybe this is part of John
Bolton's efforts - what did he talk
about lopping off ten floors of the
United Nations that's what he'd like to
see he said that back under the George
Bush W Bush administration in part one
of our discussion we talked about your
findings but if you could just in a
nutshell summarize for us what you found
in your report on extreme poverty well
first of all the United States doesn't
accept that there are what the rest of
the world calls social rights economic
and social rights like a right to health
care right to access to food a right to
housing so I didn't when I came to the
u.s. apply those standards what I did
was to say let's look at the extent of
poverty and then let's look at the
impact of such widespread poverty on the
enjoyment of civil and political rights
those are the rights of course which the
United States upholds which it believes
are absolutely fundamental to its
democracy and so on and so the argument
I made is that even if you don't care
about social rights if your only focus
is on respecting civil rights and
political rights you are undermining
those rights by tolerating and indeed
facilitating such immense poverty and
quickly if you can say not only which
states you went to but where you visited
within them what places you went to well
I was only visiting for 12 days it's
very hard to get across the country and
so on I had to make all sorts of choices
one of the interesting things was that I
got emails from people around the
country saying I can't believe you
haven't come to my city or my County
things are much grimmer here than they
are where you went here you were doing a
report on extreme poverty right
and they gave very detailed cases as to
why I should be going to their locations
I went I wanted to look at a state that
is different a democratic state I wanted
to look at the question of homelessness
so I went to California I spent time in
both LA and San Francisco I walked the
streets where the homeless people are I
spoke to a lot of them I spoke to all of
the City County authorities and so on I
then went over to Alabama there to look
at the race dimension to look at the
very stark contrast between the sort of
facilities that the government provides
in cities compared with the complete
neglect of the counties that have of
course overwhelmingly african-american
and don't get most of the services and
so on that are available elsewhere I
went up to West Virginia I spoke to a
lot of people about health care for
example the number of people because
West Virginia and Alabama are both
states that have rejected the Medicaid
extension what was interesting I spoke
to health authorities in both of those
states and said so what do you think of
this decision not to take the Medicaid
extension and they couldn't of course
say we condemn our legislature but they
said well we have to say we're very
puzzled by it because it certainly has
very negative health consequences we
don't understand it
we presume it's politics above our pay
grade in other words they were saying
this is really incomprehensible given
the health consequences and then I went
to Puerto Rico where I saw immense
poverty not just in the aftermath of the
hurricane but long lasting and very low
levels of benefits and the prospect of
things becoming much worse under the
so-called bankruptcy regime that's now
been put in place and finally can you
comment on extreme poverty globally we
started by talking about the extensible
reason the US says it's pulling out of
the UN Human Rights Council around the
UN General Assembly's condemnation
of Israeli military violence against
Palestinians interestingly according to
the Middle East monitor more than half
of Palestinians living in the Gaza Strip
live below the poverty line this
according to the Palestinian Central
Bureau of Statistics and according to a
report by Middle East monitor close to
30 percent of Palestinians in West Bank
and Gaza Strip will live below the
poverty line and in 2017 while 16.8%
suffered deep poverty while 97 percent
of the water in Gaza is polluted so talk
about just the effects of poverty and
extreme poverty on populations around
the world as the richest are
increasingly consolidating wealth around
the world right one of the most
interesting things in a way is that when
I visit countries around the world and
talk about extreme poverty the answer
that often comes up is we just don't
have the money we'd like to help these
people we can't afford it
that was really put into stark relief in
the United States because I was here at
the time when the tax bill was being
passed and of course if you've got one
and a half trillion to help corporations
and wealthy individuals you could
certainly find money to eliminate
extreme poverty in this country very
quickly but of course the political will
is not there it contrasts interestingly
and the US will no doubt hate this sort
of comparison but China which certainly
has many human rights problems and which
I reported on very critically
nonetheless is indeed in the process of
completely eliminating extreme poverty
because Xi Jinping has made it a
presidential priority officials are
under great pressure to make sure that
every last person living in extreme
poverty is helped and it really is a
political issue but I think you're right
more broadly as we see the spread of
neoliberal policies as we see the extent
to which
organizations like the International
Monetary Fund on which I've just done a
report and which I'll be submitting to
the Human Rights Council next week as
well the IMF is not serious at this
stage about what they call social
protection they talk the talk they say
when we go into a country when we
prescribe fiscal consolidation meaning
austerity we try to get them to protect
basic levels of social well-being but
the reality is that those efforts are
pretty much just token at the stage and
so you've got the whole thrust of
neoliberal policies deregulation
privatization cutting back of government
budgets and so on all helping to create
worse levels of poverty and no
compensator e measures being pushed by
the key actors when you talk about
extreme poverty there is a protest sign
that's circulating online that reads how
many homeless people does it take to
make a billionaire talk about the
connection between extreme poverty and
extreme wealth you've The Guardian
reporting in December that President
Trump will personally save up to 15
million dollars under his own tax bill
that was passed I think one of the
things that is most frustrating is that
the supporters of what we might call the
new economic order which is dominated by
a handful of tech companies and other
huge corporations are themselves
apparently totally unconcerned about the
implications of their own actions on
people living in poverty so the classic
example but we've seen it elsewhere was
the action in Seattle to rollback the
plan that the local council had to put
taxes up on certain corporations in
order to raise money to address a
chronic homelessness problem you had
cries of outrage from Amazon and from a
rain
of other major corporations saying this
is completely unacceptable now Jeff beat
us I believe not the richest one of the
top few richest people in the world who
owns Amazon right anyway and so what is
the response of the large corporations
they see the roll backs in terms of
taxation they know that they're
contributing ever less to the public
revenue and thus to the ability of
governments to provide basic services
they are facilitating and profiting from
the privatization of all these services
which were once provided publicly and I
think corporations really do need to
look at themselves and say what are we
doing about extreme poverty one of the
things that's interesting is and you had
mentioned it earlier on your show is
this proposal to have some sort of
universal basic income now that has a
lot of attractions to the extent that we
are insisting that there's a principle
that everyone should have at least this
minimum level but it also has a lot of
risks which is why it's being supported
by a lot of important actors in Silicon
Valley including Mark Zuckerberg and
others the risks are that the
governments and others say but we're
providing this basic income to poor
people we therefore don't need to
provide these other services we can
continue to roll back all of the
services that are provided for people
living in poverty and that would make
the situation much worse
so the supporters of universal basic
income the broader array of corporate
actors all need to start addressing what
the hell are they going to do to really
make sure that the poverty levels are
not greatly exacerbated by the trends
that they themselves are driving and
they can't simply say but that's not for
us to do we're not government because
they know the direction in which
government policies are heading in many
countries not just the United States
they know that those policies are not
focusing on the plight of people living
in poverty so there is a major corporate
responsibility that's being completely
ignored you talked about you're also
filing a report with the International
Monetary Fund we're seeing increasing
protests against IMF promoted policies
for example in Argentina in May
thousands of people in the streets
protesting the government's bid to
secure a credit line from the IMF which
they blame for hardship and financial
crises I mean the IMF has a terrible
reputation in Argentina I think most
people accept that it didn't handle the
crisis back in 2000 well that it did
exacerbate austerity the IMF itself has
said you know maybe some of our
austerity policies in general have been
counterproductive in Argentina they are
supposedly trying in this new agreement
which will go to their board later this
month to soften the impact to include
some protection for quite basic social
expenditures we don't know the details
of that yet but it's very hard of course
if you're pushing these very austere
deficit reduction targets and I think
Argentina commits to being in the black
by 2020 under the agreement - at the
same time have genuine protection for
Social Protection it remains to be seen
it would be wonderful if the IMF really
has learned it's lesson and if this is
going to be an agreement that takes
social rights seriously but I'm not very
well seen either of people who've been
in the streets but finally you went to
Alabama and you talked about the issue
of sewage explain what you saw and how
it compares to the rest of the world
well there's a very there's a
fascinating contrast in a way which is
that in a country like India
and a number of other countries around
the world there are big campaigns
against open defecation in other words
saying we must establish a comprehensive
network sewerage network so that people
have access to proper toilets it's very
bad for health it's very bad for the
economy and of course it's grim for the
people to have these sorts of
arrangements so when I went to Alabama
to be taken to houses that were
extremely close to major cities and to
see the sewage just being pumped out
into the front garden or into a creek
nearby or whatever is shocking and the
response of the authorities was well no
we don't have any plans to provide
sewage to those counties those people
you know they can buy it themselves and
so of course I asked some people what's
