this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm nermeen Shaikh
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
the Trump administration has announced
plans to deploy National Guard troops
along the us-mexico border homeland
security secretary Kirsten nielsen
described the plan to reporters at the
White House on Wednesday her security is
homeland security which is national
security it's not a partisan issue it's
not something we can separate out its
core to being a sovereign nation the
president has reiterated this many times
in fact he has specifically said that a
sovereign nation that cannot or worse
not chooses not to defend its borders
will soon cease in fact to be a
sovereign nation the threat is real in
an effort to prevent such a consequence
the president has directed that the
Department of Defense and the Department
of Homeland Security work together with
our governor's to deploy the National
Guard to our southwest border to assist
the border patrol the president will be
signing a proclamation to that effect
today on Wednesday night president Trump
issued a memorandum ordering the defense
secretary head of Homeland Security and
the Attorney General to submit an action
plan in 30 days that outlines how the
agencies will increase border security
meanwhile The Wall Street Journal
reports the Trump administration is
requesting that the US military build
walls for at least one military base
along the us-mexico border in remarks on
Tuesday Trump suggested he was open to
sending the military to the us-mexico
border to do what immigration
authorities could not we don't have laws
we have catch and release you catch and
then you immediately release and people
come back years later for a court case
except they virtually never come back so
what we are preparing for the military
to secure our border between Mexico and
the United States we have a meeting on
it in a little while with general mattis
and everybody and I think that it's
something we have to do the move comes
as border crossings by undocumented
people are at their lowest level since
1971 the National Guard has been used
in recent years for surveillance and
intelligence on the border but not
direct law enforcement in 2014 former
Texas Governor Rick Perry placed a
thousand troops along the border to
respond to a spike in crossings by
unaccompanied migrant children Texas
State Troopers also assist Border Patrol
President Bush sent six thousand troops
to the border in 2006 and President
Obama dispatched 1,200 more troops in
2010 meanwhile on Wednesday Mexican
president Enrique Pena Nieto told
reporters he was still waiting for
clarification on Trump's plan he don't
know we are illegal you know it hasn't
happened yet and should it eventually
happen given the clarification that the
Mexican government has sought from the
US authorities on these statements
Mexico outline its position hopefully
clarification arrives soon hopefully we
have the clarification that we want so
we can orient our position regarding
this decision to militarize the border
thank you president Trump's vow to
further militarized the us-mexico border
comes as he's railed against a caravan
of more than a thousand Central American
migrants and a 2,000 mile journey to the
u.s. from the Mexico Guatemalan border
and threatened to derail the north
american free trade agreement NAFTA if
they're not stopped we'll talk more
about the caravan in our next segment
but first we go to Tucson Arizona where
we're joined by todd miller journalist
and author who's reported on border
security for over a decade his most
recent book storming the wall climate
change migration and homeland security
he's also the author of border patrol
nation dispatches from the front lines
of homeland security and he's one of
four investigative reporters who just
received the 2018 izzie award
welcome to Democracy Now Todd why don't
you start off by talking about the
significance of president Trump's many
tweets a tweet storm over the weekend
after meeting with a number of Fox
anchors and administrators and then the
announcement yesterday by the Department
of Homeland Security that those troops
could
as early as last night on the border
sure good morning um yeah the president
really does have this remarkable ability
to to make things more grandiose in a
way than they really are what I mean by
that is that through his tweets and and
through his declarations of the last few
days the president makes it seem like
we're sending the US military will be
sent to the us-mexico border to clash
with the very caravan that he's been
talking about basically hundreds of
people who are facing persecution and
conditions of poverty in their home
countries and Central America and but
what what really is is going to happen
is is the National Guard will probably
be sent to the border we're not it's not
clear how many troops will be sent there
yet and they will play a role as they
have in the past which is a support role
with the u.s. Border Patrol and border
apparatus basically they can't make
arrests and they can't do like
patrolling and make arrests on the
ground and and so what so what it does
is actually a freeze up the what is more
ammo Matic of the current militarization
of the US border which is the actual
border patrol itself and the Border
Patrol on is it does patrol the border
not only just the the boundary line but
in a hundred mile jurisdictions with
extra constitutional powers meaning that
the Border Patrol can do things above
and beyond what normal law enforcement
can do they can put up checkpoints they
do roving patrols they can pull over
people for you know reasons of they did
not even national security reasons and
so what the National what the what the
National Guard presence will do because
they are restrained by the 19th century
law the Posse Comitatus Act which
restrains the military from doing
policing in the country it frees up what
is basically an agency that's self
defined
as a paramilitary agency and if you look
back into the past when the Bush
administration for example put 6000
National Guard troops on the border what
he was doing was basically putting a
placeholder down as the Border Patrol
was hiring what was doing a massive
hiring search literally doubling the
ranks of Border Patrol hiring 6,000 more
agents so so I imagine that's the the
idea behind the Trump administration is
putting the national guard on the border
as a placeholder so he could push forth
of these plans of an expanded border
wall system with more agents and
technologies well let's go back to
Homeland Security Secretary Kirsten
Nielsen speaking Wednesday about
President Trump's plan to deploy the
National Guard along the border in the
meantime the president has directed the
National Guard personnel be deployed to
the southern border the Department of
Defense as you know has long supported
the efforts of DHS to protect our
nation's borders this includes ongoing
counter-narcotics missions
infrastructure construction persistent
surveillance operations training and
aerial support throughout the Western
Hemisphere the Department of Defense is
a longtime partner of the Department of
Homeland Security and I thank them for
their support
while plans are being finalized it's our
expectation that the National Guard will
deploy personnel in support of CBP's
border security mission it will take
time to have the details in place but we
are beginning today and we are moving
quickly we are anxious to have the
support so Todd Miller could you respond
to what the Homeland Security Secretary
said and also elaborate on on what
you've said in the past namely that
there's been a steady expansion of the
militarized US border apparatus in the
last 25 years so what is Trump proposing
that will further militarize the border
and what in fact has happened in the
last 25 years
yeah that's an important really
important point over the last 25 years
has been the most massive expansion of
the u.s. enforcement border
foresman apparatus that we have ever
seen in in US history
so when Trump even before Trump set foot
in the White House in January of 2017
he had at his disposal this this
gigantic apparatus and to give you an
example of what the the kind of
expansion and bolstering that we've seen
over the years when in the early 1990s
there were about 4,000 u.s. Border
Patrol agents now there are about 21,000
so it's a five-fold increase Customs and
Border Protection which is the parent
agency of the u.s. Border Patrol is the
top law enforcement federal law
enforcement agency in the country they
have about 60 to 65 thousand agents it
not only includes the Border Patrol
there but there's an office in Air
Marines which is basically a domestic
Navy and on Air Force and they have
Special Forces units the budgets for
border and immigration enforcement in
the early 1990s the annual budgets were
about 1.5 billion dollars with the
Immigration and Naturalization Service
now or in 2017 if you take the budgets
of Customs and Border Protection and and
Immigration and Customs Enforcement and
combine them that there it is 20 billion
dollars that's a 13 fold increase that
20 billion dollars is more than all
other law enforcement agencies combined
and that's the FBI the DEA the US
Marshals all other federal law
enforcement agencies combined their
their budgets in 2017 came to about
fifteen point five billion dollars so US
border and immigration enforcement has
has become a priority of the u.s.
federal government the plans the Trump
plans would be to what I can see and
looking at the National Guard troops as
a sort of placeholder they'll come in
and do kind of surveillance work and all
the different things that that was
mentioned in that clip and as a
placeholder I believe and it remains to
be seen but the central to the Trump
presidency
his candidacy before that is
of a border wall and I would go further
to say a border wall system because
that's what Customs and Border Patrol
border customs and burner protection is
saying a border wall system in the fact
that all this all this massive increase
that I just discussed will be added on
to more so there will be more agents
there will be more laws there will be
more technologies there would be more
checkpoints
there will be more drone surveillance
there will be more expansion of this
apparatus into these hundred mile
jurisdictions and I think that's the
intention let's turn to a clip from the
Fox News weekend segment that reportedly
sparked president Trump's flurry of
tweets about the need to take action on
the us-mexico border an army of migrants
is literally marching or riding or
making their way from visit from
Honduras from most all of them from
Central America the big question is what
happens when they do arrive in the US I
know they want to to seek protection
something they won't necessarily get
that they're gonna be arrested I mean
you can't illegally come to United
States what do you think if there's a
small migrant army marching toward the
United States peacefully but wants to
cross our borders how should it be
handled so we're going to talk about
this delegation this what he calls
caravan that's making its way through
Mexico in our next segment on Wednesday
Trump tweeted quote our border laws are
very weak while those of Mexico and
Canada are very strong Congress must
change these Obama era and other laws
now the Democrats stand in our way they
want people to pour into our country
unchecked crime we will be taking strong
action today and on Tuesday Trump said
the military would be used to guard the
us-mexico border we have no border
because we had Obama make changes
President Obama made changes that
basically created no border called
catch-and-release
you catch them your register they go
into our country we can't throw them out
we have very bad laws for a border
and we are going to be doing some things
I've been speaking with general mattis
we're going to be doing things
militarily until we can have a wall in
proper security we're going to be
guarding our border with the military
that's a big step we really haven't done
that before or certainly not very much
before so there you have President Trump
and what he has been focused on talking
about Mexico breaking up that Caravan
we're going to talk about in our next
segment but that's clearly what he's
been talking about all weekend Todd
Miller can you talk about the effect of
Fox also his senior adviser as his
visors dropped by the wayside every
single week it seems advisors leaving
him from the White House whose left is
Stephen Miller who is well known as a
fierce anti-immigrant hawk yeah the um
just listen to that clip and and the
language that's being used like the
language there's an army quote unquote
army of migrants coming north and and
just the kind of that language of of the
this there's this threat coming from
afar and they're coming to get us
and it seems like Trump you know and the
Trump administration and it's obviously
his advisors like Stephen Miller they
they use that sort of rhetoric to then
promote you know this this further build
up of the apparatus and in reality I
know you're going to be talking about
the caravan in the next segment but
these are the right questions being
asked when you talk about the caravan
and it was it was interesting he said an
army of migrants is coming north and
then he said peacefully and is like what
what do you mean as peacefully or an
army but the real like the the
fundamental questions of like this idea
that massive socio-economic political
problems like the problems that are
facing the people coming from Central
America problems that come from deep
historic roots of US policy in Central
America you know that that those people
that the idea of their migration and
their
and there you know the pain and
suffering is going to be you know solved
by a border wall and mind you I forgot
to mention this huge point there is a
border wall it's interesting like Trump
Trump in his clip he's saying well
there's nothing he's always saying that
there's almost nothing there and there
clearly is a US border well there's
almost 700 miles of it it's it's both
walls and barriers and and strategically
placed and he said we Klaus well the the
kind of strategy that the border has
been under for the last 20 years has
been prevented through deterrence so you
put on these walls and reinforce it with
Border Patrol agents and technologies
and people circumvent these areas and go
into the desert and places that are
deadly and the remains of more than
7,000 people have been found in the US
border lands since these quote-unquote
weak laws were put into place so these
weak laws are deadly laws right and so
what is the right question to be asking
right is this the right question that
further the border militarization that
we've seen up to this point and not
really look at these bigger issues
socio-economic political economic issues
are a huge one considering like the
economic models and Central America
political issues are huge ones yet what
all we're talking about is this idea of
putting up this border wall border wall
military on the border and very quickly
on the issue of Obama who he constantly
attacks
wasn't it President Obama of course who
is even called by his pro immigrant
allies immigrant group leaders he was
cold the DePorter in chief and it was in
2014 wasn't it that President Obama
called out the National Guard to respond
to the influx of child migrants in 2014
yes President Obama has been very
involved in the build-up of the US
border deportation apparatus and and
yeah Obama sent sent National Guard
times in 2010 again the National Guard
troops under Obama
was too they served as a placeholder as
the apparatus was ratcheting up further
so so they were bolstering it with more
technologies more agents and so Obama
played a huge part in that as well as
you know the increased detentions of
people facing deportations the four
hundred approximately four hundred
thousand people per year who have been
expelled from the country during the
Obama administration so the kind of
accusations and in that sense from the
Trump administration the Obama
administration is is ignoring you know
those those very you know for those
facts those what Obama was doing and
kind of how Obama took the post 9/11
immigration border enforcement apparatus
from the Bush administration and bolster
even more well Todd Miller we have a
very little time now but I wanted to get
your take on having spoken to
representatives of companies selling a
border control and policing equipment
what did you find out about the sales
that have been going on yeah I've been
doing research on the companies that
have been selling to Border Patrol for
credit for quite a long time now and you
know when I was when I first it was you
know the early 2010s when I first really
started delving into this and many of
the representatives I would go to lay
border security Expos and conventions
and places where private companies would
come together and try to sell their
their products to you know those Customs
and Border Protection and you know
companies big and small like from
Raytheon and Lockheed Martin and Boeing
Albert systems to smaller to smaller
companies and a lot of people have the
same sort of take in that tape was you
know the wars are starting to wind down
and military operations are starting to
wind down in places like Iraq and
Afghanistan that's what they were saying
at the time and we are now looking for
new markets and one of the big markets
that's coming the emerging is the border
security market and and so
I've been following that that's been a
big part of my reporting looking at this
this market if you look at forecasts and
projections one recent projections that
it's an in boom it's an imperial
unprecedented boom period they have the
Homeland Security market global hold on
security market going from three hundred
billion to approximately 600 billion
doubling over ten year period from the
2010 to the 2020s so this kind of border
homeland security apparatus via through
the perspective of the private sector is
a booming industry in growth and there's
a lot of investment and it's often
coming from companies that were that
have contracts or had contracts with a
military and one vendor that I talked to
told me we are now bringing the
battlefield to the border quote-unquote
and showing how the private sectors
involvement is also in the prior in the
in you know looking at the dynamic of
militarization of the border how the
private sector is also implicated well
we want to thank you Todd Miller for
