[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report with part two
of our discussion about J ROTC and the
mass shooting in Florida
well last week's Florida school shooting
has sparked a national debate over guns
and the lobbying power of the National
Rifle Association much less attention
has been paid to another aspect of the
shooting
the Florida gunman 19 year-old Nicholas
Cruz was a member of the Army junior
Reserve Officer Training Corps program
he was wearing his j-rod si shirt when
he carried out the massacre in an
attempt to blend in with other students
Cruz was also part of a four-person Jai
ROTC marksmanship team at the school
which had received $10,000 in funding
from the NRA we continue our
conversation with Pat elder the director
of the National Coalition to protect
student privacy a group that confronts
militarism in the schools he's author of
military recruiting in the United States
so first of all Pat tell us how J ROTC
works in the schools for example how
many kids at Marjorie Stoneham Douglass
school were in J ROTC what is the
average in the United States I tried to
find that information not a me but I
know that all schools that hold that
have j ROTC programs have to have a
minimum of 100 students and if they
cannot maintain 100 students for two
years in a row then the program has to
be discontinued now that brings up an
interesting point having to do with a
lobbying campaign that was directed by
the J ROTC cadet Command that was
directed not at the federal government
not at state legislatures but instead at
individual schools and state schools
Boards of Education and superintendents
for instance in Florida which is
arguably the most friendly state in
terms of the militarization of the
schools
Florida Statutes now allow a student who
takes 4 years of joy ROTC to substitute
biology physical science physical
education and arts for this
straitjacketed military indoctrination
program it is absolutely outrageous
wait we repeat that I'm always asked to
repeat that in Florida it is part of the
statute that a child who takes 4 years
of joy ROTC program
no longer has to take biology physical
science physical education and art those
4 credits are used are satisfied by
taking the J ROTC program see after the
No Child Left Behind Act a me a lot of
the school systems across the country
became a lot more stringent as far as
the kinds of credits and the number of
credit hours students had to take and
that squeezed out the J ROTC program so
the J ROTC program has managed in many
jurisdictions to be able to substitute
for physical education and for American
government and civics Florida goes
further and it must be noted at this
juncture that in Florida all teachers
hired must have BA degrees and must
satisfy stringent teacher certification
guidelines they also must have master's
degrees within a few years the J ROTC
instructors for the Army need not have a
college degree
where are the unions where are the
union's on this three of the children
three of the high school students killed
by crews were like him in j-rod C I want
to turn to Gillian Davis who said she
was in jail at C with the Florida
shooting gunman Nicholas Cruz in 9th
grade
[Music]
just something a little off about him
but everyone in the program was just a
little quirky but he was a little extra
port remember who you was but it was
just more or less that he was aggressive
and quiet and shy about mercy when he
got aggressive
[Music]
not like him it was not his care really
almost like he had a different
personality
the Army has awarded the medal of
heroism to 3j ROTC cadets who died in
the parkland Florida shooting 15 year
old Peter Wang and two 14 year old
freshman Martin Duque and Elena petit
Wang reportedly died while holding a
door open to help other classmates
escape pat older if you can talk about
the students who join J ROTC okay thank
you Amy well first it's a horrible
tragedy and I'm deeply saddened by this
I've given a great deal of my time in my
life to attempting to take the guns out
of these children's hands now it reminds
me of of a book written by Lieutenant
Colonel David Grossman
it's called kill ology and he he
documents the Paducah Kentucky shooting
in the school's library apparently there
were eight kids in a prayer circle and
Michael Carr Neal came into the library
and he had a handgun with eight rounds
and he shot each child in the head one
time and Grossman refers to it as an
amazing accomplishment and I bring that
up because because the army uses video
games there's an America's Army video
game in order to recruit children it is
one of the most popular games in America
today and it's free download these are
first-person shooter games and I believe
deeply that it is the Army's game to put
young fingers around as many triggers
whether they be virtual or real as
possible and so again we have thousands
of 13 year olds in high schools across
America who are given lethal weapons to
shoot in their high schools and if they
don't shoot in their high school then
they shoot in local commercial shooting
ranges that
full of lead dust and that are also run
by the Civilian Marksmanship program and
the National Rifle Association it is a
program that must be stopped so I want
to talk more about this and we discussed
this in part one the relationship
between the NRA and these marksmanship
programs that are a subset of J ROTC
right I mean you have Nicholas Cruz who
one it was one of a four-member team of
this marksmanship program one of the
other students said he was a very good
shot pretty horrible well I think more
attention needs to be given to the NRA s
proxy and all of this and that's the
Civilian Marksmanship program or CMP now
the CMP is located in Anniston Alabama
unlike other countries around the world
that prudently destroy their retired
military weapons the Civilian
Marksmanship program recycles them to
the American public so what the army
does is the Army gives as gifts to the
Civilian Marksmanship program outdated
rifles and and pistols now and those are
sold so the Civilian Marksmanship
program has assets of 160 million
dollars it's a private entity and it is
chartered by Congress to sell recycled
or army weapons to the American public
at discounted rates that organization
the Civilian Marksmanship program
regulates the shooting programs in the
schools they're the ones that have to
set up the regulations regarding the
firing of the weapons the safety
procedures and the issue regarding the
lead the Civilian Marksmanship program
downplays the lead and follow suit of
the NRA and claiming that that doesn't
really hurt you and that there is no
problem with the lead on the floors and
the lead in the air so it's the Civilian
Marksmanship program that is the proxy
for the National Rifle Association and
more attention needs to be paid on the
Civilian Marksmanship program if
go to that website you can go to club
tracker and you can download from club
tracker all of the J ROTC programs with
marksmanship programs throughout the
United States and talk more about the
lead
well thanks Amy because it's been my
focus I really think that this issue
should be resonating well when when
someone shoots a lead pellet through a
through a rifle it scrapes out all of
the lead particulate matter that went
before and so that led these minut
particles are blown into the air and of
course the ventilation systems and the
high schools aren't set up to take care
of that air and so it depends on which
way the ventilation system is blowing in
some cases it is blowing into the faces
of the children the lead accumulates at
the muzzle end of the gun on the floor
and the lid also accumulates at the
target backstop and the Civilian
Marksmanship program has published very
very stringent guidelines that are
largely ignored in schools across the
country in fact there are photos
published on our website from Flint
Michigan that actually showed children
walking from the shooting line to the
target and I have several videos too
that show that for just from from
YouTube it doesn't take much to download
these things that clearly show high
school children violating the strenuous
regulations and when they walk across
the gym floor across the cafeteria floor
they they put they tracked the lead on
their shoes on their hands on their feet
on their clothes through the rest of the
building and we have studies by both
Swedish and German academic groups that
show a clear linkage between shooting
only lead pellets and elevated blood
lead levels meanwhile the Civilian
Marksmanship program tells us that it's
fine and that all you have to do is make
sure the
children don't eat at the same time and
they wash their hands
meanwhile NIOSH tells us that washing
your hands is not enough in order to
clean the red residue the Civilian
Marksmanship program also tells schools
to use trisodium phosphate in order to
clean the gym floors and the cafeteria
floors after each shooting this is
simply not being done and it should be
mentioned too that TSP is a carcinogen
and is extremely dangerous to the
environment and if you can say again pat
who funds CMP the Civilian Marksmanship
program and then with all of this Jay
ROTC CMP the NRA s involvement who calls
the shots so to speak in the school what
role does the principle play okay thank
you for that question the Civilian
Marksmanship programs history is a
really interesting ami it goes all the
way back to 1903 there are memos put out
by the army before that time period that
was it showed the army was extremely
alarmed because they assumed that
American young men had fought in the
spanish-american war would be better
marksman and so Congress ordered the
establishment of the Civilian
Marksmanship program to train hundreds
of thousands of children in firing
weaponry so that in the case of another
war Americans would be better trained to
to shoot pretty horrible in 1996
there's congressional testimony by paul
simon in frank Lautenberg two great
heroes who called the cmp a boondoggle
and a gift to the nra that was the year
that the CMP no longer was an arm of
Congress it no longer was a public
entity and instead became a private
entity and as such it has managed to
bankroll 160 million dollars in
privately traded securities by selling
discarded army weapons now to the next
part of your question the individual
schools
are run by principals principals in the
schools are ultimately in charge of what
takes place they have amazing a they
have an amazing reign and amazing
freedom in their schools and but the the
program itself is run by the individual
branch of the military so if you have a
Marine Corps program then you have four
different Marine Corps textbooks for
freshman sophomores juniors and seniors
it's all online and the children are
taught history from a Marine Corps
perspective and there are states now
that allow this type of curriculum to
substitute for the standard curriculum
so to answer your question as far as the
lead in the schools the Civilian
Marksmanship regulates it the individual
army instructor is the person nominally
in charge although it's a question Amy
do we really have an absolute military
takeover of the schools you know so the
the responsibility is somehow shared but
illegally it's the principal who's in
charge of the schools they simply wash
their hands it's the same thing with
military testing we have 700,000
children across the country in 14,000
schools that take this as vapp tests and
all of the information is given to
military recruiters for hours of testing
Social Security numbers and violation of
state laws and federal laws as well as
demographic information and it is a
military test that's given and to make
the point as quickly as possible the
principles allow this information to go
to the military violating privacy rights
and the military collects the
information directly from the children
the state of Maryland in the state of
New Hampshire has laws and those laws
specifically say that the military
cannot take that information without
parental consent we have more than a
thousand schools Amy that require
students to take the military's and
Lessman tests and all of the information
given to Mom and Dad given to the
recruiters without mom and dad knowing
about it and that violates FERPA which
is the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act so how can it go on if it
violates law of the United States how
can anything go on that violates the
laws of the United States how can the
Trump administration go on without
violating the laws of the United States
it too violates the laws of the United
States I can tell you I've been banging
my head up against the the mainstream
for 15 years on this issue and we have
had some traction in the state of
Maryland and in the state of New
Hampshire and I also should mention the
state of Hawaii we went to the school
officials and we went to legislators and
we said hey you have a law in your state
that says you can't coerce a child to
sign their social security number you
can't coerce a child to give up
demographic information or student
records without parental consent
military marches into your cafeteria and
test these children what do you think of
that and legislators in those three
states agreed with us and passed the
legislation we still have 47 states to
go I wanted to turn to the record of
Nicholas Cruz and how he can be actually
given a gun at school even though you
know I'd like to take in a gun to that
school more and more evidence has
emerged showing that the Florida school
gunman Nicholas Cruz shared a common
trait with many other men who've carried
out mass shootings she had a record of
abusing and threatening women one
student told the New York Times that
Cruz was abusive towards his
ex-girlfriend another student told the
New York Times he'd been close friends
with Cruz but cut him off after he
started going after and threatening a
female friend of his and the New York
Times also quoted someone saying that he
went after a high school student to the
point of stalking her you put that
together with the reports that over the
last years the police went to Cruz's
home something like 39 times to deal
with issues of domestic violence and
other issues do you have the neighbor
showing video of Cruz waving a gun
in his backyard I mean clearly the
school you have all the kids like Emma
Gonzalez who's become so well known for
impassioned speech for gun control
saying we knew from way back and she
said don't tell us we should have told
people we did tell people about Cruz and
she said if you were gonna ask you know
if we if who the mass shooter was we
wouldn't be surprised she said but what
about this when it comes to Nicolas Cruz
being a member of not only Jai ROTC but
also the marksmanship team at the school
being taught to be a better shot right
well Amy we need we need to back up a
little bit to get a clearer picture of
the United States military entrance
processing command that's the government
entity behind these abominations it's
you need to know that that forty percent
of all new recruits don't complete their
first term I have to repeat that forty
percent of new recruits don't complete
their first term and and just between
the the period from 2008 to 2014 we had
twenty thousand people twenty thousand
soldiers went AWOL
you know the military hardly tracks them
down and when they do these soldiers
receive a slap on the wrist that's
because it's a lot easier to go to the
broken urban centers and and to the high
schools in the in the Rust Belt and hang
with kids in cafeteria and chill with
kids in the parking lot to try to get
them to join and so my response here is
that we have thousands and thousands of
children that are scooped up it's not a
volunteer force Amy it's a recruited
force and it's time people understood
how insidious it is can you talk about
the significance of the state of Florida
and how prominent it
the whole J ROTC program I can I can
tell you that as I mentioned before as
far as the curriculum is concerned it is
extremely popular it's a really
difficult ami getting the statistics on
the J ROTC program now I have for the
last ten years requested folia
information and received it on military
testing we don't have that information
on the J ROTC program so III don't have
it I have it must be requested and it's
a lengthy process to begin to to get
that information we have large numbers
we know that there are about 3,300
schools across the country and so we can
extrapolate that to figure out how many
there might be in Florida we have data
on the army but we don't have the data
on the other three branches but Florida
is notoriously friendly to the military
to give you a sample we have seven urban
schools in Miami the city and the
children in those schools were required
to sit for the military's enlistment
tests all of those schools had minority
populations exceeding 95 percent that's
another thing here there's a racial
component to this to the military
testing aspect of it but but there are
testing programs let's say a school
wants to help children prepare for the
SAT or the a CT tests
the military has an answer for that it's
called march to success the military
begins its recruiting programs in
Florida and elsewhere with a lego
building contest that for starting in
the third grade so there are again
several dozen military programs
operating in virtually every Florida
school and every school across the
country now explain the racial component
a little more Pat here well eight years
ago I co-wrote the
solution in the state of Maryland and I
went to the n-double-a-cp director
Elbridge James in Elbrus good guy and so
he said yeah you know I asked him could
you testify in Maryland regarding
regarding the military testing and he
said well let me see the database there
and you know I gave him a spread
spreadsheet with 150 schools on it the
names of the schools and and he looked
at it for about 30 seconds Amy he said
I'll testify I said that was pretty
quick Elbridge and he explained that he
didn't see Walt Whitman in Potomac he
didn't see a Churchill in Bethesda he
didn't see the wealthy white schools
represented on that lesson of course not
you know they're going to brown they're
going at court now they're not going to
the army
they're not enlisting they go into the
army they go as officers so so there's a
racial component to military testing as
there as there is it's not just a racial
thing of course it's a it is a it's an
