this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm not mean Shea
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
we begin today's show in Pakistan where
voters go to the polls next week the
run-up to the election has already been
marred by deadly terrorist attacks a
crackdown on activists and journalists
hundreds of arrests and accusations of
widespread interference by the military
on Friday a massive suicide bombing at
an election campaign gathering in the
southwestern province of Balochistan
killed a hundred and forty nine people
and injured another 200 making it the
third deadliest attack in Pakistan's
history the bombing targeted an election
rally of the Balochistan Navami party
Isis claimed responsibility for the
attack among those killed was a
Balochistan provincial assembly
candidate Sarah Hassan II this is the
slain candidates brother [ __ ] leshka
rosani these kinds of incidents have
been happening in our country's history
these incidents are condemned verbally
and sympathies are also offered verbally
but no solid measures are taken to
prevent them the attack in Balochistan
was the third such attack on election
rallies in a week hours after the deadly
bombing former Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif and his daughter Maryam were
arrested at Lahore Airport as they
returned to Pakistan from London in
efforts to bolster Sherif's political
party the Bucks and Muslim League Nawaz
or pml-n
one of the leading contenders in next
week's elections their arrest came after
Sharif a third term prime minister and
his daughter were convicted in absentia
in a corruption case that Sharif
supporters say was manufactured by the
Pakistani military and intelligence
services pml-n members alleged their
main rival Pakistan's movement for
justice the anti-corruption party led by
former cricket star Imran Khan has the
backing of the army which has ruled the
country for nearly half at 70 year
history if the vote goes ahead as
planned it'll be only the second time
Pakistan has made a transition from one
civilian government to another for more
we go directly to Lahore Pakistan to
speak with journalists and
writer Manisha Jahangir she's the host
and executive producer of a political
talk show on one of Pakistan's leading
networks and the daughter of Pakistan's
leading human rights activist and lawyer
who died earlier this year Asma Jahangir
she's on the board of ozma Jahangir
foundation and a council member of Human
Rights Commission of Pakistan we welcome
you to Democracy Now and since we
haven't spoken since our condolences on
the death of your remarkable mother well
thank you and I want to thank all your
team for the beautiful program that you
did after she passed away thank you very
much well moon is a if you can talk
about what is happening in your country
right now in Pakistan if you can begin
with this third deadliest attack that
killed will over a hundred people and
then fit it into the context of this
election that's coming up next week well
of course this was the third deadliest
attack in Balochistan in must-own which
killed over 150 people and at the moment
the death toll is even rising as we
speak because there are injured those
who are critically injured and we've
just had a few deaths in the last past
week I was at an election rally of
Haroon below the Awami National Party
the secular party in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
a day before he was attacked and was
killed in a suicide attack and his party
at that time blamed the other opponents
they said we cannot you know we will
have to investigate them in the next few
days and I recently interviewed their
leader espana Valley Hanh who said that
only one party was given a level playing
field in this election and he named
Imran Khan of course the ANP is
contesting the direct election against
Imran Khan's PTI which is also very
popular and had formed government in the
previous government in Hobart Achtung
wah but he complains that the other
political parties are not being given
the level playing field he said that he
was
congesting an election against the
Taliban in 2013 and in this election
again the you know the Taliban have
already announced that they are going to
target his party and therefore he
believes that his party has not been
given this kind of level playing field
he also says that since his party is
being targeted and not Imran Khan's
Imran Khan has gone ahead with political
campaigns we have seen with the Pakistan
Peoples Party which is headed by bilawal
Bhutto Zardari and his father Asif Ali
Zardari just before the elections there
were cases that were brought up against
them they were countability by the
accountability court here in Pakistan
and those cases were later postponed
till after the elections because that
was the plea that Asif Ali Zardari and
his sister took however it seems that
that swad hangs over their head they
have also not been able to campaign and
bilaval Bhutto Zardari called off his
party's campaign after the attack in
Balochistan similarly with the Pakistan
Muslim League noon which is led by Nawaz
Sharif they were in government in the
federal government in 2013 and he has
returned to be arrested with his
daughter at the airport what we faced
and I was on that flight which brought
Nawaz Sharif and his daughter Maryam
Nawaz back from Abu Dhabi to Lahore
they were many journalists on that
flight local TV journalists and we were
not allowed to hear any of navarre
Shrieves comment on our airwaves on our
TV talk shows we were told that if we do
hear his comments or his interview our
TV channels will be blocked out for at
least one week therefore no private TV
channel or the state TV channel aired
the homecoming of Nawaz Sharif there was
one journalist whose show was pulled off
here because he showed the kind of
support that neva Sharif had from his
political workers who were getting
together to welcome him at the airport
his show was taken off the air he did
protest on Twitter and then went back on
here so at that time there was a
complete clamp down on the electronic
media Nawaz Sharif statements were not
allowed to be aired his supporters were
not allowed to be shown and the police
according to the police they arrested
around 150 political workers according
to the pml-n
they arrested 300 workers on the 13th of
July the day Nawaz Sharif was returning
they also slapped the leaders of the
pml-n with an anti-terrorism act they
charged them with an F IR
therefore it seems that this election
with all political parties the ANP the
Pakistan Peoples Party and the pml-n are
saying that they are being denied a
level playing field that there has been
pre poll rigging and only one political
party has been given the level playing
field or has been given a free hand to
contest this election money say can you
explain who you're saying that you were
not allowed as other networks were not
allowed to air neva Sharif's interviews
or his return to Pakistan not allowed by
whom well it's very obvious that it was
not allowed by the establishment and it
is very clear to us right now that the
military did not want the the current TV
channels to air any of the neva Sharif
footage it has been openly said by many
journalists now on the ground what we
have now is a caretaker government so in
Pakistan it's not it you know elections
go from one government to the other in
between there is a caretaker government
for three months that ensures a free and
fair election it seems that the
caretaker government is absent when they
were asked why we were not allowed to
air this they said that this is not in
our domain the Pembridge is the Pakistan
electronic media Regulatory Authority we
passed an ordinance and
that Hembrough has become independent
and so we asked well fembra has become
independent and it has you know slapped
all these bans on the media so what do
you mean pamorah has become independent
soap Emre has now they say has been
given complete authority and pendra
keeps on sending us notices which says
that you cannot say anything against the
judiciary and the Armed Forces of
Pakistan they quote a constitutional
provision which does exist in the
Constitution of Pakistan but has never
been used before so they use that in
order to quash dissent and I think
that's the real problem that although we
do not see the military come out in the
forefront there are organizations that
are being used by the military for
example pamorah is one and it is being
accused of being used by the military on
the other hand other political parties
other political leaders have accused in
Braun Khan of using airspace that was
denied to them or facilities by the army
that were denied to them the grand
finale used the new Han Air Base which
belongs to the military and is only
reserved for heads of state and it is
only reserved for the military but he
was allowed to use that and other
political parties other political
leaders were not allowed to use that on
the other hand we have also seen with
her own bill or the leader who was
killed by the A&P
he was not given protection simply
because the Chief Justice at the time
chief justice sake of nazar gave an
order saying that all protections should
be brought back and should be retracted
simply because politicians don't need
protection so he was not given the
protection that he needed he was getting
threats he's somebody who was attacked
before his uncle had been killed by a
suicide bomber his father had been
killed by a suicide bomber however he
was not given the Jew protection and his
party believes that if he was given that
protection then he would still be alive
today I wanted to ask you about the u.s.
role in Pakistan in January
I think it was President Trump's first
tweet of 2018 he tweeted the United
States is foolishly given Pakistan more
than thirty three billion dollars in aid
over the last 15 years and they've given
us nothing but lies and deceit thinking
of our leaders as fools they give safe
haven to the terrorists we hunt in
Afghanistan with little help no more
those were Trump's first words in a
tweet of 2018 can you talk about the
u.s. role in Pakistan and how it affects
your politics and your elections well
the US has interfered a lot in Pakistani
politics it has been monitoring very
closely what has been happening in
Pakistan we all know that the United
States look looks at Pakistan from the
prism of Afghanistan so their focus has
really been on trying to clamp down on
militant outfits that are fighting this
war in Afghanistan however what is
interesting in this election is I'm sure
that you must have all been reading that
there are extremist Islamist groups for
the first time that are taking part in
this election and one of them is half
the same he's banned by the United
States he's his party the jamaat el daba
is banned by the United Nations because
it's alleged that he had a role to play
in the Mumbai attacks the other party is
a larper party they had a very
successful protest in Islamabad they
pretty much shut down Islamabad and
Rawal Pindi and it was only after the
army brokered a deal between them and
the government because they were
protesting against the government
demanding that no Minister resign that
they were allowed you know to go back
and they were not even charged with the
damage they caused to public property
and how the bata policeman so it is
these two political parties who are
taking part in the election and this is
part of a policy of the military to
mainstream militant outfits when I
interviewed the defense minister the
former defense minister who roam the
sagir of Nawaz Sharif's government he
said that
a major bone of contention between the
military and between the neva Shrieve
government of whether to allow these
extremist militant groups to enter the
mainstream politics or not and when you
say I want to go to one of the leading
Pakistani journalists and publishers
Hameed Haroon who publishes the dawn
newspaper he spoke to the BBC earlier
this week in a widely circulated and
controversial interview he spoke to BBC
HARDtalk Steven sacker who asked him
whether he believes the Pakistani
military is favoring particular
candidates in the upcoming elections I
think there's a preferred face of
Pakistan they'd like to see who the
security forces and who do they favor in
your opinion I think that at this point
there appears to be an attempt to favor
second-level string leaders and a
patch-up coalition which would rule with
direction from the deep state so many
say that's Hameed Haroon talking about
the deep state now you talked earlier
about the fact that the military is
preventing putting obstacles before
other political parties but Imran Khan's
party tehreek-e-insaf or the movement
for justice is granted an exception
could you explain why you think that is
what is Imran Khan's relationship to the
military it looks like
our democracy now stream to Pakistan is
frozen we'll see if a moon is a Jahangir
if it can it looks like we're gonna have
to leave that question there but of
course we will continue to cover the
Pakistan elections moon is a Jahangir is
a Pakistani writer and journalist host
an executive producer of a political
talk show on one of Pakistan's leading
Network she's the daughter of Pakistan's
leading human rights activist and lawyer
who died of a heart attack
earlier this year Asma Jahangir she's on
the board of Osman Jahangir foundation
and council member of the Human Rights
Commission of Pakistan this is democracy
now when we come back we go to Yemen
with the remarkable PBS correspondent
Jane Ferguson stay with us
you
