democracynow.org the war and peace
report we are broadcasting from San
Francisco the site of this week's global
climate action summit I'm Amy Goodman
thousands tens of thousands of people
marched here in San Francisco Saturday
to demand action on Climate jobs and
justice as they kicked off the rise
against climate capitalism conference a
counter conference to California
Governor Jerry Brown's global climate
action summit today the conference will
highlight the common goals of climate
activists and labor that's also the
focus of an explosive new report
headlined death on the dakota access an
investigation into the deadly business
of building oil and gas pipelines
published today in the Pacific Standard
magazine it looks at the deaths of two
men who worked on pinned Apple that's
the Dakota access pipeline and the
massive oil and natural gas boom that's
generated some of the deadliest jobs in
the country for more we're joined by the
reports author antonia house long time
oil and energy journalist her books
include black tie the devastating impact
of the Gulf oil spill and the tyranny of
oil the world's most powerful industry
and what we must do to stop it
welcome back to Democracy Now it's great
to have you with us Antonia thanks for
having me so talk about why you began
this piece why you started this
investigation death and to Kodak's
yeah I've been covering Standing Rock
for some time and I was actually doing
an interview with LaDonna brave bull
Allard in Standing Rock and she told me
that back in 2014 when she first learned
of Dakota access pipeline she knew she
was gonna oppose it and the reason why
she told me was no one is going to build
an oil pipeline over my son's grave
because of how close it would pass to
where her son was buried that death got
me to thinking about the pipeline itself
as a source of injury and harm and death
not just bills that might come from it
and have or leaks or where it was being
built but then the people involved in
building it and I started looking at
construction and learned of the death of
a young man who was building the Dakota
access pipeline Nicholas Jonas hatch
seven years old and his death is
reported by the AP I started to dig into
what had happened to him and as I
started doing that investigating I
learned that just three days later at
the opposite end of the pipeline another
worker building the Dakota access
pipeline had died during the
construction so then I said I need to
learn more about oil and gas pipeline
construction and went to the Bureau of
Labor Statistics to look at fatality
rate data because I'd already learned
that the drilling of oil and natural gas
of the extraction workers has been found
to be one of the deadliest jobs in
America with fatality rates as high as
seven times the national average
so I went to see what were the fatality
rates for oil and gas pipeline
construction workers only to learn that
they had never been run the Bureau of
Labor Statistics had never run that data
they didn't even start counting deaths
in this sector until 2003 so I pulled
the data together myself with
instruction from Bureau of Labor
Statistics I figured out how to run the
fatality rate data myself did and
learned that building oil and natural
gas pipelines is also among one of the
deadliest jobs in America and that in
2016 they had a fatality rate of three
point six times the national job average
and they too had reached highs of seven
times the national average at their
highest points so these are deadly jobs
and a deadly job sector that hasn't been
exposed or discussed as such so tell us
how Nicholas gem such died so I this
this took some finding out because he
had died alone one of the one of the
things that makes building oil and
natural gas pipelines increasingly more
dangerous is one the pace at which
they're being built to keep up with the
boom in oil and natural gas production
which is a result of the boom in
fracking and North Dakota is the heart
of this so they're being built at an
extremely fast pace and clip but also at
much further distances from towns or
city centers very very rural areas and
extreme exceptionally more so
so he's out towards the top of the
Dakota access pipeline in near Tioga
North Dakota and he's alone so I had to
piece together from interviews with
police through a Freedom of Information
Act request a bunch of a lot of
investigation what happened and what
happened was we think he was working at
the very tail end which should be one of
the safest parts of pipeline
construction and he'd never done it
before he was only three weeks into the
job but he was at the part where the
pipeline's in the ground the dirts been
laid over it and he is restyling
the area he's driving a tractor and
something goes wrong with the tractor he
gets out to fix it on his own rather
than waiting to have a repair person fix
it because that probably there was logic
being that would cost money and you
don't want to cost the company money he
fixes it himself there's no manual in
the tractor and we also learned that the
tractor had been jerry-rigged
by the company that owned it to make it
work differently than it was designed to
work he gets out and this tractor is
actually as a piece of equipment on it
called the Ripper which has sky flake
blades that ripped through the dirt he
sticks something into the Ripper the
spring recoils back and hits him in the
skull fracturing his skull he gets back
into the tractor slumps over the tractor
and happens to be discovered by his
Foreman who's driving another worker to
another job site and notices his tractor
sitting idle and he dies less than 24
hours later at a small hospital in Minot
North Dakota and who is she working for
so this is the part that then becomes
sort of the mystery of how you even
connect worker injury and death to
pipelines because the pipeline companies
have taken advantage of loopholes in
corporate constructive the the way that
a company can be composed that have
allowed for a great distancing between
the person doing the work and the
company that runs the pipeline making it
often very difficult to
and identify a death or injury with the
pipeline that they're working on so
Nicholas noticed he's known as Nick J to
his friends is working a temporary
employee hired through his union for
Indian Head pipeline services which is a
subcontractor to precision pipeline
which is a subcontractor to Dakota
access LLC Dakota access LLC is the
developer of a company that is owned by
energy transfer partners which is itself
a subset of energy transfer equity which
is itself a subset of a company called
le GP LLC the that's and that's just one
set of companies associated with this
pipeline because the Dakota access
pipeline is part of the larger Bakken
pipeline system which carries the oil
first from North Dakota to Illinois them
from Illinois to Texas the Bakken
pipeline system I could spend the next
20 minutes going through the companies
that owned the Bakken pipeline system
none of which were then associated with
the deaths of Nicholas Jonas and then
the second death that I uncovered which
had not been previously reported as
associated with dapple because it wasn't
known that it was associated with dapple
troy dolan was hired by precision and
those are the only companies named in
the deaths of those what happens very
quickly to Troy Dolan Troy Dolan was
working at the other end of the pipeline
he essentially had been suffering from
heat stroke all day long it was very
clear that he had been he was never sent
home he was never told not to work he
was put in a position of flagger which
is the moving of the equipment to and
from the job site the depo construction
site and he apparently went to go seek
shade underneath a massive lowboy truck
trailer and probably passed out and the
truck driver pulled forward not knowing
he was there and ran him over and killed
him
they were both buried they don't know
each other they're working at opposite
ends of the pipe line on the same day
that's right September 2nd 2016 their
funerals were both held and you know
what I found in interviewing pipeline
workers
who the Evan Whitford who with with
LIUNA the laborers International Union
of North America which is the largest
union representing Dakota access
pipeline workers was that you know there
is a tremendous sense of necessity of
security and protection for their
workers like most oil sector workers
many of these people are former veterans
who came back when they came back they
liked that the teamwork of this type of
work they understand that there's danger
involved but they also say this work has
gotten much more dangerous and then
there is concern that it's more
dangerous still under the Trump
administration because of the rollback
in the already weak protections and I
can only think of September 2nd 2016
that's the day we arrived democracy now
arrived in North Dakota
September 3rd being the day of the dogs
when Dakota access pipeline guards
unleash dogs on the Native American
water protectors who were protesting the
destruction of their sacred ground
all of this converging but you mentioned
Trump and I wanted to turn to May of
last year when now president Trump
travels to Mandan North Dakota where he
celebrates his decision to pull out of
the landmark 2015 climate deal while
speaking outside an oil refinery in
order to protect American industry and
workers we withdrew the United States
from the job-killing Paris climate
Accord job-killer
people have no idea many people have no
idea how bad that was and right here in
North Dakota the Dakota access pipeline
is finally open for business
so that's president Trump in Mandan and
Antonio uhas notes that standing at
Trump's side was fracking king Harold
Hamm
the so-called Baron of the backend chief
executive officer of Continental
Resources one of the backends largest
producers that's right Antonia Harold
Hamm was referred to before and after
the election
Trump's energy whisperer he has some of
the largest holdings in the Bakken and
the most invested in getting that oil
out of North Dakota because the problem
faced by producers in North Dakota was
that deregulation and the onset of
fracking allowed for this massive boom a
ten times increase from 2006 to 2010
times oil production in North Dakota but
they were having trouble getting it out
of the state so the pipeline was a
necessity for him and while it of course
began during the Obama administration it
was significantly slowed down at the end
of that administration but one of the
very first things that Trump did was
sign an executive order as soon as he
came into office authorizing completion
of the pipeline as soon as it was done
it served its purpose and production
increased even more so dramatically
again in North Dakota after the pipeline
was completed and for Harold Hamm that
led to a significant increase in
production in the state in the value of
his stock in literally a reduction in
the cost of every single barrel of oil
that he produces everywhere and his very
first shipments ever of oil to China and
you have a sub piece within your larger
piece Trump and Friends cash and members
and backers of the Trump administration
are profiting from DAPA well scheming to
make even bigger bucks shipping oil and
petrochemicals overseas yet Harold Hamm
you have Kelsey Warren the CEO of energy
transfer partners a major backer of the
trumpet minute of the Trump campaign and
then of course the immediate probably
largest beneficiary of the completion of
the Dakota access pipeline actually
Kelsey Warren had first backed Rick
Perry for president with a five million
dollar investment in Perry's campaign
Perry was on the board of energy
transfer partners then became energy
secretary position from which he
significantly advanced the completion of
pipelines and of Commerce Secretary
Wilbur Ross Wilbur Ross is I think a
critically important piece of all of
these players Ross first he was known as
the king of bankruptcy his main areas
going in finding bankrupt companies
turning them over to make a profit
in the in the Bakken many of these small
companies had been suffering before
dapple was completed and were going into
bankruptcy and a lot of companies came
in to make money off of this including
Wilbur asses companies but he looked
forward and he's also heavily invested
in shipping the shipping of oil and
natural gas and petrochemicals through
navigator and diamond s his companies
are set up to partner with energy
transfer Partners which is not only
building pipelines but is building
infrastructure to convert that oil and
natural gas into petrochemicals to make
plastics and then ship that product
overseas including through Wilbur Ross's
companies with contracts that are
already signed for China so what the
companies are seeing including Exxon
Mobil so Rex Tillerson former Secretary
of State former head of ExxonMobil is
one of the Trump errs who cash in is all
this work that we're seeing through the
global climate action summit and rise
for climate justice one of the end goals
is to see a reduction in fossil fuels
for use of energy and use of
transportation well the companies are
seeing this too and they're looking
forward to petrochemicals and ExxonMobil
alone is predicting or is invested in a
twenty billion dollar investment in
petrochemical infrastructure Wilbur Ross
as companies are predicting for more
companies now a 100 billion dollar a of
twenty seconds and you would like to say
water pipelines built that's right so
the solution is the building of oil and
natural gas pipelines incredibly
dangerous work what we really need in
the United States is a massive
investment in water pipeline
construction same job skills same unions
those same workers can build water well
we're gonna do part two of this in post
on democracynow.org and Tony Yuhas oil
and energy journalists will link to her
latest piece in the pacific standard
headline death on the dakota access I'm
Amy Goodman thanks
[Music]
you
