here on democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
as we turn now to a major development in
the case of a jailed Mexican journalists
jailed in the United States who
democracy now has been following closely
and now Paso Texas on Wednesday a
federal judge issued a 26-page ruling
that questioned the Trump
administration's detention of Emilio
Gutierrez Soto and his son Oscar and
ordered an August first hearing to
examine whether immigration officials
violated his First Amendment rights
Gutierrez first sought asylum in the US
and 2008 after receiving death threats
for reporting on alleged corruption of
the Mexican military he's lived here in
the US for the past decade he since won
the National Press Club z-- freedom of
the press award
speaking democracy now in a jailhouse
interview last December
Emilio Gutierrez Soto said deportation
would be a death sentence well if we are
deported that obviously implies death
why because ice under the Department of
Homeland Security of the United States
by law must give a report to the
immigration authorities of Mexico and
the consulate and the immigration
officials in Mexico have no credibility
it's impossible to trust in them to the
contrary many of those officials many
personnel at the consulate or
Immigration Service are caught up with
organized crime
that's Emilio Gutierrez Soto interviewed
on Democracy Now from jail he's been
detained since we spoke to him in
December Mexico is one of the most
dangerous countries in the world for
journalists with at least seven media
workers killed so far this year alone
for more on what this new hearing could
mean for Emilio and his son Oh Scott
well we're joined right now by three
guests Oh scar also has been jailed
since December here in New York penny
Vanitas is with us Rutgers University
law professor who filed the First
Amendment challenge in guchi de Soto's
case
so Texas Eduardo Beckett is with us he
is
Emilio's lawyer and in Washington DC
bill McCarran the executive director of
the National Press Club which is
demanding Emilio be set free
we welcome you all to Democracy Now but
we begin with penny venetus right here
in the studio talk about the
significance of this judge's ruling and
what it was that you applied for relief
for well we filed a petition for habeas
corpus which literally literally means
in Latin we have the body and we argued
that Emilio was detained because he had
made statements that are critical to the
u.s. immigration policy and to the Trump
administration and the timing of his
detention is is really what the judge
focused on we showed that weeks after
Emilio accepted a very prestigious award
from the National Press Club and
criticized u.s. immigration policy he
was detained now he had been living
freely for ten years in the United
States established himself in Las Cruces
New Mexico a very very vibrant community
and he was an integral part of that and
he met every single requirement that
immigration has placed on him
and it was just very uncanny that after
he became public and talked about u.s.
immigration policy that he was detained
we argued that his detention by ice was
based solely on his statements and his
criticism of u.s. immigration policy and
we were able to back that up we were
able to show that Emilio was on a hit
list basically that was put out right
after President Trump took office that
showed that he was on a list of people
to be arrested even though his
immigration case had not yet been
decided even though his Asylum case had
not been adjudicated he was already on
the list of 2,500 people who were
targeted for arrest and the court found
that immigrations the US government's
statements that he was detained solely
because he lost his asylum claim
was pretextual because we revealed these
emails and we also made a strong case
that his arrest coincided very very
strongly with political statements that
he made where did you get this list list
of 2,500 people we got it through a
Freedom of Information Act request that
the National Press Club did and Emilio's
name is just one of 2,500 names of
people who were targeted for arrest it
was put out right after the inauguration
of President Trump in Judge David Garter
Armas 26 page ruling he wrote quote mr.
Gucci DeSoto criticized ice in a very
public manner while accepting a
prestigious award from the National
Press Club his arrest occurred only a
couple of months later William McCarran
the executive director of the National
Press Club affirms under oath that an
ice official told him to tone it down
during a meeting regarding mr. Gucci
DeSoto and he interpreted the comment in
the context of the conversation to mean
that the media should stop attracting
attention to petitioners cause that's
the judges statement so judge guard
Arama ruled this evidence supported your
claim that ice quote retaliated against
them for asserting their free speech
rights bill McCarran is that right
joining us from Washington DC head of
the National Press Club explained
exactly what happened how you felt
threatened so in the in the meeting that
is referred to in the judges decision we
were there several days before Christmas
asking for Emilio's release I begged for
his release we knew that they had
problems with space in the facility and
we thought there was a chance that
around Christmastime something might
happen I'm a pretty calm person and the
meeting was cordial for a while but I
became very demonstrative in the meeting
and at some point the lead counsel for
ice asked said that we should tone it
down and that we should you know it was
it was in regard to the presentation
that we're making at that
to ask for his release but I was there
representing media media interests in
the National Press Club and that day we
were headed for a news conference at one
o'clock and I want to return to that in
a second because I think that's
important but this message that we
should tone it down before our 1 o'clock
news conference it was clear to me that
they were trying to fire a shot across
the bow that one this would not be good
for Emilio legally you know if we were
out there making noise in other words
you know keep this all quiet and calm
and tone it down or your guy may have a
trouble processing through through our
system right or he may have some other
kind of trouble it was an intimidation
it was an attempt at intimidation and
this was the lead counsel for for ice in
the El Paso district so talk about Bill
why you gave emilio Gutierrez Soto this
major award from the National Press Club
talk about the significance of this and
his statement before the Press Club sure
thanks Amy
well he's we give an award every year
for press freedom and and there's been a
terrible problem in Mexico violence
against journalists and with we thought
that the writing that Emilio had
produced was was a great example of
bravery he was he was calling out
military officials who were shaking down
people in his town and he knew he knew
this was dangerous and he took the risk
at some point he the risk was so high
that he fled and so this was one case
but we know there were many cases like
this in in Mexico where journalists were
at daint in danger we thought Emilia was
a great example to put a spotlight on
this problem and Emilio is a is a very
articulate outspoken person and he was
in the Press Club and I think he was
moved to give a you know free rein to
his thoughts and he's very
it was a very interesting presentation
where he spoke about spoke about ice and
our policy and spoke quite a bit about
Mexico is not uncommon I don't think his
comments at our event I think they're
since they're similar to comments he
might have made in Las Cruces area or in
other places
he's an outspoken person so in this case
I think the ice policy of locking Emilio
up is trying to silence him and I think
that's part of what the judge saw as
well and we were we were glad to have
him he's such a wonderful person you
know no one was concerned about having
him have a full set of cutlery for
example this is not a dangerous person
we were delighted to have him at our
black-tie event so when I saw him in
December in in what's essentially a
prison where everything is controlled
and we're all objects are kept from him
it's really startling he's got an
important contribution to make to our
society as we're trying to solve these
very complicated problems at the border
his point of view Mexican journalists
point of view on these matters is very
important and for it to be suppressed in
this way is not helpful to solving any
of our problems and it's it's cruel and
unfair to Emilio this is award-winning
Mexican journalist Emilio Gutierrez Soto
and his son in Texas Gutierrez first
sought asylum in the United States in
2008 after receiving the death threats
for reporting on alleged corruption in
Mexico military detained after his
Asylum appeal was denied I want to go to
a clip of what he said to us speaking
through a translator from the for-profit
West Texas Detention Center in Sierra
Blanca well this is what this was a clip
of him speaking at the National Press
Club please please do not forget us do
not do not forget to publish the pain
terrifying situation that I'm in and in
the terrifying manner in which
journalists have to work in Mexico so
that was
Emilio speaking to the National Press
Club because in fact he was detained at
the time is that right bill McCarran at
the time that he was speaking at the
Press Club he was he was not detained he
spoke twice to the Press Club once in
person and once from jail oh yes I'm
sorry Thanks you know we did have him
come in via audio and that that was what
the clip you were playing there and and
he was he was he was calling from jail
his attorney
Eduardo Beckett who I think is with us
patched him through and it was a very
moving event we had many journalists in
the room who were there to cover our
presentation in the room we didn't know
that we would be able to get Emilio on
the phone and so yes just a few days
after he had been picked up and almond
and and on his way to being deported
without outstanding heroic legal work by
Eduardo Beckett
Emilio would have been deported he was
he was he was cuffed in on his way he
and Oscar and it was only an emergency
stay that was able to solve this for the
for the moment and then were seven
months now that he's been in jail a man
with no criminal record being held in
what is an arbitrary detention so I want
to go to Eduardo Beckett Emilio's lawyer
speaking to us from El Paso what is the
status of his case right now his
immigration case has been reinstated yes
so the Board of Immigration Appeals has
restated his asylum claim and we have a
hearing coming up on August 16th at
10:30 a.m. here in Paso Texas and we're
going before the judge and we're going
to have a status conference and
basically talk about how to proceed
forward and what kind of evidence the
judge will consider and the judge must
consider his entire asylum claim and all
the experts and expert opinions and
country conditions and so that's what's
gonna happen on August 16th is this
judge's ruling explain the significance
of this free speech ruling that just
came down I mean it's a great
for emilio it's a great win for
journalists for free speech for the
First Amendment so basically right we're
fighting two cases in two fronts one is
the asylum claim that's before an
immigration judge and then the other
case is before a federal district court
habeas to get Amelio out so the
significance is is that on August 1st if
the district court judge is convinced
that the that the government retaliated
against Emilio
on his First Amendment rights then he
shall be released so he can pursue his
asylum claim him outside the detention
center like bill said you know it's been
seven months of torture pain and
suffering he's been spent he spent his
55th birthday behind a jail his son also
spent his 25th birthday behind a jail
cell you know and so it's it's pure
torture and pain for a father to be in
jail with his young son who should be
out you know going to school having fun
and not in a jail setting just for for
seeking asylum and pen even ettus before
we wrap this up the significance of this
case for all journalists in the United
States it's critical for all journalists
but it's also critical for all salim
seekers right now we're all focused on
asylum seekers being separated from
their families this ruling says that
asylum seekers have constitutional
rights and those constitutional rights
include the right to free speech and the
right to criticize the US government
from which the asylum seekers are
seeking asylum
so it really has very very broad
implications it's a victory personally
for Emilio and Oscar is a victory for
journalists but it most importantly it's
a victory for asylum seekers because it
says that even though you are being
detained in the United States you still
have the ability to criticize that and
those comments cannot be used against
you in your asylum proceedings and they
cannot be used to justify detention of
you I want to thank you all for being
with us penny venetus at Rutgers
University law professor Eduardo Beckett
lawyer for Emilio Gutierrez Soto
and bill McCarran has
of the National Press Club speaking to
us from Washington DC and 30 seconds
we're going to review what's happened so
far in the family separation cases
what's happened to the children scores
of them under five who still are
languishing in jails around the country
and then what about the 3,000 children
who are supposed to be reunited by July
26 stay with us
