[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with nermeen Shaikh
tennis star Serena Williams and her
husband reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian
recently welcomed into the world their
daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanyan Junior
the baby was born on September 1st by
emergency c-section Williams recently
told Vogue magazine how she self
diagnosed a life-threatening emergency
after giving birth shortly after
delivering the tennis star suddenly felt
out of breath and assumed she was having
a pulmonary embolism given her history
of blood clots
according to Vogue quote she walked out
of the hospital room so her mother
wouldn't worry and told the nearest
nurse between gasps that she needed a CT
scan with contrast and IV heparin a
blood thinner right away the nurse
thought her pain medicine might be
making her confused but Serena insisted
and soon enough a doctor was performing
an ultrasound of her legs I was like a
Doppler I told you I need a CT scan and
a heparin drip she remembers telling the
team the ultrasound revealed nothing so
they sent her for the CT and sure enough
several small blood clots had settled in
her lungs
minutes later she was on the drip I was
like listen to dr. Williams while Vogue
did not identify the hospital several
news outlets reported Saint Mary's
Medical Center in West Palm Beach is the
hospital where Serena Williams gave
birth what happened to Serena Williams
is not an isolated event every year in
the United States between 700 and 900
women die from causes related to
pregnancy and childbirth for every woman
who dies dozens more experience severe
and sometimes life-threatening
complications annually here in New York
City black mothers are 12 times more
likely to die than white mothers that
staggering statistic comes from a new
investigation by Pro Publica for more we
are continuing our conversation with
Annie Waldman in part two reporter at
ProPublica who wrote the article how
hospitals are failing black mothers the
article reveals that women who deliver
at hospitals that disproportionately
serve african-american mothers are at a
higher
of danger the piece is part of a larger
year-long ProPublica investigation
called lost mother's maternal care and
preventable deaths we began an a this
segment by talking about Serena Williams
clearly you assumed she and her reddit
found her husband are at one of the top
hospitals you would expect and yet she
even is getting inferior care can you
comment on what happened to her and then
we'll talk about situations like Erica
garner who died at the age of 27 the
anti-police brutality activists in New
York City four months after giving birth
to her second child
certainly Serena Williams is the queen
of the court one of the world's greatest
athletes if not the world's greatest
athlete right now she's a
multi-millionaire along with her husband
obviously they have incredible medical
coaches for her career for her for
tennis but you would assume that she
also has one of the greatest doctors
who's working on her as she's giving
birth who she's able to see and can
identify that she is a high risk patient
Serena Williams a few years ago had a
blood clot which puts her in a much
higher risk of having blood clots during
birth and on top of that she had an
emergency cesarean which if you look at
ACOG which is the American College for
gynecologists and obstetricians they
will even mention that you know a
cesarean section puts you at higher risk
so with these risk factors it's shocking
to me that she went into the hospital
knowing this felt that she had the
symptoms of a pulmonary embolism told
the medical staff around her that she
had perhaps a pulmonary embolism and
that they still doubted her doubted her
with all of her experience doubted her
with her intelligence doubted her with
the knowledge of her own body which she
knows best and so this is really
emblematic emblematic of a much larger
problem in this country where the black
women their concerns about their health
about pain about everything that happens
them in a hospital can sometimes be
ignored and and more broadly the fact
that they have experienced much higher
rates of birth complications and these
things are not unconnected they're
definitely connected and so if you see
Serena
Williams who is a superstar and this
happens to her you can only imagine what
happens to the multitude of mothers out
there who are middle class lower income
who don't have insurance who are on
Medicaid who are in inner-city hospitals
where is their Vogue article they're not
going to have it right so so essentially
what happened to her she was still
ignored we have to also listen to the
experiences and the stories of women who
are frequently ignored well any in the
ProPublica investigation the
investigation revealed that the
hospitals with high maternal mortality
rates take on patients who have less
access to consistent quality prenatal
care obviously this is not the case with
Serena Williams or have chronic health
issues like diabetes or heart disease
that make pregnancy and childbirth
riskier so the question there is do
hospitals need to be reformed I mean
obviously from what the investigation
finds they do but it seems that the
problem is much more systemic of the
provision of suitable health care I mean
it is the stomach and you know that this
was something that we really discussed
in our newsroom for example you know
black women have higher rates of heart
disease
is this something that contributes to
the higher rates of death or is it the
hospital right but it's not either/or it
is actually both the fact is is that
hospitals are responsible for all women
who walk into their doors the
responsible not only for having equal
care but care that suits their needs
this is not about equal standards of
care this is about making sure that
high-risk women regardless of their race
have the medical care that they deserve
when they walk in those doors and if
women without health insurance women on
Medicaid black women are at higher risk
of things like pulmonary embolism
diabetes hypertension that should be
noted when they walk in the doors of a
hospital how can you find out the record
of a hospital before you decide where
you want to go or for example give birth
that's a really good question
researchers have a lot of access to data
so they have really been able to do
these analyses and say oh these
hospitals have higher birth complication
rates we've also been able to do that
but that's only because I'm a computer
programmer and I can actually crunch the
data dive into the numbers and figure
out what's going on for most women the
information is not out there and if you
look in the studies most of these
hospitals that have high complication
rates are unnamed and so most of the
stories that happen at these hospitals
go untold and what's important is that
we need you know I I'm a data evangelist
I believe in open data I believe in
transparency of data and I believe that
this information needs to get out there
so that women can make the best choices
that they have you name names in the
article in this series names of
hospitals can you talk to us about them
and the states that you looked at yeah
so we really focus we dove into New York
City because in New York City black
women are 12 times more likely to die
than white women which is an
astronomical statistic can you say that
one more time black women are 12 times
more likely to die in childbirth than
white women when you hear a statistic
like that it should make you stop in
your tracks you should really be
thinking why is that and why has that
not changed in fact this statistic has
gotten worse just a few years ago it was
eight times more likely to die in
childbirth
today it's 12 why is this getting worse
and so when we think about these
statistics you know it's not enough just
to say them you have to go into the
stories you have to listen to the
mothers who have experienced
complications you have to listen to the
families who have lost mothers and try
to humanize us so people understand the
urgency of this situation and most
importantly in that is really saying to
the hospitals what are you doing to
improve these numbers and importantly
and that is calling out some of these
hospitals that have incredibly high
rates so in our investigation that we
did how hospitals are faring failing
black mothers we looked at one Hospital
on Brooklyn which is SUNY Downstate and
really asked them why do you have such
high birth complications and as I
mentioned before in part one while we
were investigating this hospital we
heard of a death that occurred three
months before our investigation began
and we start looking into that and then
just a few weeks later how we were
continuing our investigation to the
death of this other mother another
mother died at this hospital you know
what it would it says two families when
I show up at their doorstep just days
after they lost somebody who is so
critical to the cohesiveness of their
family what it says to these families
when I show up and say oh did you know
that three
so go another woman died in childbirth
it says that honestly this their lives
what do they matter what do they matter
to these hospitals are people even
investigating this the fact that these
stories aren't out there the fact that
people aren't in the streets over
mother's dying at hospitals you know do
their lives matter and this is an
injustice that can be stopped there are
protocol changes that some hospitals are
making in order to increase you know the
likelihood that women are not going to
have a birth complication with pulmonary
embolism what Serena Williams
experienced she could have taken a blood
thinner especially because she was
high-risk if you go on over to the
United Kingdom all women who have
caesareans are on blood thinners so
Serena Williams would have been on a
blood thinner the women in my story they
probably would have been on the blood
thinners while having had cesareans but
we're not making these changes in all
hospitals and that's something that we
really have to question that's extremely
important right because there's very
high rate of cesareans performed in the
United States much more so than many
other countries exactly and a lot of
people believe that that is what's
driving the high complication rates in
the United States years ago you know the
cesarean was a rare thing it was only
done in an emergency but these days some
hospitals have a third of their women
you know half of their women having
caesareans those are astronomical rates
when you compare them to other
industrialized countries so that you can
fit into a doctor's schedule well that
is what some people say is that it's
just for scheduling it makes it easier
on top of that there have been some
studies which have shown that caesareans
actually allow hospitals to bill higher
so they're able to make a little more
money off of it whether that's actually
what's driving the rates is questionable
but it's something that people actually
have to think about well one of the
things that you mentioned in part one is
that maternal mortality rates in the
rest of the world have been steadily
declining but in the u.s. of course
they're rising could you say a little
about how the US compares I mean you
mentioned a little bit about this now to
other industrialized countries countries
in Europe not just the UK and Japan and
then how it compares I mean earlier we
talked about comparisons to Mexico and
OHS Beca Stan I mean the United States
is of course one of the richest
countries in the world so this is really
quite shocking if you look at
industrialized countries I think we're
around seventeen so we are at the bottom
of the list even though people love to
say about
how great America's health care system
is you know we are at the bottom of the
lists for mothers we are failing mothers
when it comes to health care and if you
look at you know other countries say
Sweden or the United Kingdom their rates
are sometimes a third of what we have I
think our rate right now is about
twenty-six women die per a hundred
thousand in Europe and Sweden and a lot
of these other industrialized countries
it's underneath nine we are leagues
above other people when it comes to
maternal deaths and this is something
that the United States has been aware of
the CDC has been aware of the w-h-o has
reported on these are not statistics
which are shocking to those who are
experts in this field but for whatever
reason these rates are not changing in
fact they're increasing and as we said
before in part one a lot of this is
driven by the high rates of harm and
death in the black community you
mentioned the word protocol that may
make people's eyes glaze over but it's
something you feel is extremely
important talk about how hospitals are
changing their protocols what is is the
word even mean so a protocol essentially
is when a medical emergency happens what
is the standard operating procedure what
is done first is there you know what
medicine is drawn do people have blood
waiting to insert it into somebody
through an IV so there are actual steps
that people can take to make sure if
they respond to these emergencies better
in California there's an incredible
expert there dr. Elliot main who has
been developing better protocols
specifically for henrich which is one of
the most preventable causes preventable
causes of birth complications and what
he found was that when he increased the
protocols made the protocols better in
the hospitals 20 persons decreased by
20%
not just complications related to
hemorrhage but complications across the
board and what this says is that there
are actionable things that hospitals can
do they can take measures that will
actually improve the health care of
women yet hospitals across the United
States are not doing this and whether
it's because of clinging to tradition or
believing that their protocols are
better than innovative protocols which
are coming out of California or other
states who knows but a lot of it stems
down to the fact that we need to listen
to black mothers more we need to live
into their stories we need to listen
what's happening to them and take this
seriously and start thinking about how
we can not just serve the entire
population but how we can serve people
at high risk which has black mothers so
what are mothers rights when they go
into a hospital I was in a friend I was
with a friend who is giving birth at a
hospital here in New York one of the
finest and one of the things that the
doctor said to her when she said she
wanted to keep trying before having a
caesarean or before getting drugs just
to keep on give her a little time he
said he might be in another floor and
she would be risking a lot what if he
had to deal with another emergency when
she finally you know was it was time for
her to give birth and so if she took the
drugs right then he would be right there
that's what he could guarantee this is
one of the top hospitals in New York a
woman who's in childbirth should not
have to make that decision right then in
there it's a tragedy I'm really sorry
for your friend I mean women when they
give birth can go to any hospital that
they want they can take a taxi they can
go anywhere but when an ambulance comes
to your doorstep and you're in labor
they will take you to the nearest
hospital which means that women who are
in areas which have been segregated for
years are going to go to some of those
hospitals which are have some of the
highest complication rates once they get
there they can can you tell an ambulance
that's connected to a particular
hospital I don't want to go there I want
to go to this other hospital you can
tell an ambulance that but whether they
will take you to that other hospital is
between you and the person who's driving
that ambulance I spoke with many women
so are you saying a pregnant woman who's
about to give birth has to commandeer
the ambulance and drive it herself
it seems like it is it's tragic that
that might actually be the case but you
know I spoke with many women who begged
ambulance drivers to take them to other
hospitals
sometimes hospitals where they had all
of their prenatal care because they were
trying to get out of the the nearest
hospitals to them which had some high
rates or they had heard negative things
about and so they still weren't able to
go to the hospital where their prenatal
care was they had to go to the nearest
hospital and you know once women arrived
at the hospital they can advocate for
themselves they can say that they don't
want a cesarean but sometimes it's
really hard in the face of medical care
to stand up to a doctor and say I know
my body
I know what's best for me and when it
comes to communities which have low
resources which don't have a lot of
necessarily medical education for women
in the community it can be really
difficult to stand up to doctors telling
you your you might die if you don't have
this cesarean section and this trickles
down you know the first cesarean the
complication rates are quite low but for
every child after that if you are
required to have a cesarean pretty much
all the time
after each cesarean and the complication
rates increase so it's not necessarily
that first childbirth that you might
face a complication but it sets you up
for problems way down the road and are
you familiar with the the hospital
Woodhull hospital in Brooklyn where
Erica garner in fact gave birth and then
herself four months later died yeah any
to be honest it is one of the hospitals
that we looked at it does have one of
the higher rates of birth complications
in the city but New York City Health and
Hospitals Corporation which runs all the
hospital the public hospitals in New
York City had a lengthy conversation
with me and they have a lot of protocols
that they're changing they're aware that
this is something that's important
they're aware that many of the patients
who come to their Hospital particularly
mothers are at higher risk and they are
trying to put these new protocols in
place so even though some of their rates
on paper right now may seem a little bit
higher they are proud of the steps that
they are taking to change that was not
the case with every hospital that we
looked at and not the case with every
hospital where we found deaths of
mothers where was the most egregious
what were the most egregious hospitals I
would have to say the hospital that we
really focused on which was SUNY
Downstate I mean and what's amazing
about this for people outside of New
York when you say SUNY Downstate SUNY is
the State University of New York it's a
