this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm their meanshe
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
we begin today's show with the growing
outrage over the Trump administration's
policy of separating immigrant families
who cross the us-mexico border many are
fleeing dangerous conditions and seeking
asylum at least 600 immigrant children
were removed from their parents last
month after Attorney General Jeff
Sessions announced the new rule if you
cross the border unlawfully then we will
cross our border then we will prosecute
you if you are smuggling a child then we
will prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you on Wednesday ten
members of Congress protested by
blocking the entrance to the
headquarters of US Customs and Border
Protection the agency tasked with
carrying out the forced removal of
children from their parents more
protests in at least 60 cities are
planned today by the group families
belong together
which formed in response to the new
policy meanwhile in the border state of
New Mexico Republican Governor Susana
Martinez told the Albuquerque Journal
people shouldn't be allowed to break the
law quote simply because they have
children
earlier this month or than Democratic
Senator Jeff Merkley was barred from
entering a detention center for
immigrant children in Brownsville Texas
after traveling to the center housed
inside an old Walmart the property but
I'm guessing that's about what's to
happen yes I think that's what they're
going for
what was your name again from sources
Senator Jeff Merkley jeff US senator
jeff
yeah I don't want to spend yes em er em
er yeah
em er okay ey yeah and your date of
birth sir yeah you say you usin I make
us okay
yes and US policy is involved right now
with children no negative actually this
is not something that we specifically do
with pmc but it was just just like a 90
day just and advise my charge of the
year well we won't we won't take up
their critical so they can eat anymore
but i think it i think it's important
for you all to be aware they've been in
the press all over the country that the
children who were previously kept with
their families under a new policy just
implemented by the attorney general are
being separated from their families and
have we're housed here that was Senator
Jeff Merkley not able to get into that
old Walmart center now housing more than
1500 immigrant children for more we go
to the epicenter of the zero tolerance
crackdown the Rio Grande Valley and
South Texas is where more than half of
all migrant families and children have
been apprehended by Border Patrol agents
since mid-may we begin in McAllen Texas
where Democracy Now correspondent Rene
felts went this past weekend to speak
with residents who are taking action in
response to the widely condemned
practice of separating families among
those she met with sister Norma Pimentel
who in May received the litera medal the
oldest and most prestigious honor given
to American Catholics
my name is sister Norma him until I am
the director for Catholic Charities here
in the Rio Grande Valley in South Texas
right at the border with Mexico I am
right now at a humanitarian respite
center it is the response that the
community here together with me to help
the many immigrant families refugees
that are coming to our borders the
majority of the people that come more
than 50 percent are children they come
with their parent it's a mother or a
father with their child maybe one child
to Charles or three years sometimes four
and they are a family unit we welcome
them here from the bus station that
there were there dropped off and we give
them an opportunity to restore their
human dignity just as it has since 2014
this humble Center continues to assist
as many as 200 parents and children a
day who are released after being
detained by customs and Border Patrol
they are the fortunate ones the release
of parents with small children used to
be common practice but under the new
zero-tolerance policy it's become the
exception this policy of silt irons is
inhumane it's used at the deterrence to
send the message and you're using human
beasts in children to set make your
point this wrong the children I meet at
the center stay close to their mothers
and fathers as parents wait to meet with
a volunteer they relays their children's
shoes with donated shoelaces then they
release their own shoes their original
shoelaces were taken away in detention
in part to prevent suicide attempts to
learn more about how parents and
children are being separated in the Rio
Grande Valley
I met Friday with Efron Olivares who
directs the Texas Civil Rights projects
racial and economic justice program
we're in downtown McAllen about seven
miles from the Mexico border right next
to the federal courthouse in McAllen
this is McAllen division of the Southern
District of Texas on the eighth floor
sits Magistrate Judge Morgan's court and
every morning people who have
apprehended by Border Patrol and are
being processed with the charge of
illegal entry many of them are
first-time crossers and many of them are
asylum seekers but despite that they are
being criminally charged with with the
charge of illegal crossing under federal
statute
8 USC Section 1325 how we became
involved in this is relates to the fact
that many of these people were traveling
with children and everyone who's
traveling with a child or other children
is being deliberately separated from
those children by Border Patrol or ice
agents so every morning we we step into
the courthouse on the 8th floor and
before the criminal hearings begin we
interview the parents as I interviewed
olivera's outside the courthouse a geo
group private prison transport bus
backed up behind us these are the buses
in which the immigrants many of whom are
parents who have had their children
taken away are transported to and from
the courthouse probably to a CBP
detention facility the sad thing is that
many of those people have children and
many of them were separated this morning
before they came to court and were led
to believe that when they returned to
the detention facility their children
are gonna be there but we know that the
children will not be there because the
government is separating them we've
heard three different scenarios as far
as how the separation happens so one is
the parent and the child are separated
very soon after they are detained so the
Border Patrol agents will arrest them
out in the brush
near the river say and then they are
driven to the processing station and
right there and then where they are have
their photograph taken and their
fingerprints and they are processed at
that point some of them are separated
and the children are processed
separately from the parents in other
cases and this tends to be for the the
case for the youngest children they are
separated the morning that the parent
has to come to court and then a third
category is people who are separated at
some point in between usually on the
second day I've heard from parents
directly that they were separated and
the child was in one cell and the parent
was in another cell but the child was
crying so much because they were not
with their mom
that they were brought to the mom in the
middle of the night for a little while
so they would stop crying and then
separated again that's the kind of
cruelty that we're seeing from this
government it's appalling some Rio
Grande Valley residents are volunteering
to observe the mass trials and take
notes for the American Civil Liberties
Union the reason I wanted to do court
watching is because if we aren't
involved if we aren't aware and if we
aren't standing up for what we believe
our atrocities within our community who
else is gonna do it on Saturday I met
with Diego Rivera outside the federal
courthouse in Brownsville and asked what
he'd witnessed there it was right after
Memorial Day weekend so there were there
was a backlog so I think they had that
day they had about a hundred thirty
defendants I think there was 70 in the
morning like 60 in the afternoon so they
meet you at the door when you try to
enter and they just tell you there's no
space you can't really look in you can
kind of peek but it's really hard to see
and you see kind of all the the
immigrants lined up there and then
there's like a mezzanine area we can
wait where you have an enter the
courtroom but you're not completely
outside and there happened to be a
private security contractor there I
think from the company g4s maybe he
spoke to us while we were waiting and he
just kind of told us the story of what's
what he's seen which was they they
support the Border Patrol and what he
had told us was they do a lot of the
transport for him they're heading out to
the field whenever the Border Patrol
makes a call to pick up the immigrants
that have been detained and taking them
to different facilities one of the
stories particular that stuck with me
was he mentioned that the separation of
mother and child and his words were you
haven't you don't understand the trauma
until you've heard like the scream of a
mother and child being separated
something along those lines he mentioned
that they have to sometimes if they put
the immigrants in line to show make an
example of some of them who seem like
they're a little bit unruly for whatever
that means so he said sometimes we'll
take him outside of the transport bus
and kind of I don't know if it was slap
him around but kind of pulled him by the
year kind of be a little physical with
them what I think needs to happen is you
need a public outcry from the whole
country
more than a thousand mental health
professionals recently signed a letter
condemning the new practice of
separating nearly all children from
their parents at the border the fact
that kids are being forcibly separated
from their parents has so much to do
with the trauma that they are
experiencing and that will have a huge
effect on their behavior in the in the
immediate future in the near future and
in the long term
dr. Salma is nagas is a professor of
counseling at the University of Texas
Rio Grande Valley campus along the
border in Brownsville she counsels
unaccompanied minors from Central
America who are detained in shelters
that employ many of her former students
to think that our government is putting
kids through this kind of traumatic and
it is traumatic experience to send a
message to people who are fleeing their
countries not out of their own choice
but for their own survival is it amounts
to torture the kids who travel
unaccompanied they know more or less
what the journey is going to be like
these kids and their families don't know
that until they get here the word may be
spreading now that they're being
forcibly removed but it wasn't something
that we did routinely before so they had
no reason to expect it so there was
there was no way for the parents to talk
to their kids and say listen when we get
there
this is what's gonna happen I'm gonna go
to one Detention Center or to jail and
you're gonna go to a place that's gonna
keep you safe until they figure out what
to do with us and then we're gonna meet
up again don't be scared because we're
gonna meet up again they don't have time
to have that conversation with their
children and so as adults they can
cognitively understand that they will be
reunited at some point and even that is
it's questionable whether they feel
secure about that
but I think they are developmentally
mature enough to hope that they're going
to be reunited with their children the
kids have no idea what's going on
dr. YZ Naga also counsels children who
appear before a judge in immigration
courts alone
without their parent a guardian or a
lawyer it is one of the hardest things
I've ever had to watch in my life I sit
behind them and they stand up and they
are so scared and they're so respectful
and it's just it breaks your heart
because they're trying so hard to do
what the judge wants them to do and the
judge is reading some pretty harsh
things to them I've never seen a judge
be aggressive or rude or mean but
they're reading a script that is
aggressive and harsh some children
eventually find legal aid through groups
like the probar Texas Children's Project
where immigration attorney
rosemary Gonzales worked until last week
she spoke to me Saturday me personally
I've seen children as young as about two
years old two seventeen and a half
usually for the child who say for
example is an infant or two years old
the judge will automatically reset the
child's case until you know the child
can hire an attorney or be reunified to
where you know whoever the sponsor is
for the child convened assist with the
immigration proceedings usually if the
child is over the age of fourteen the
judge will present the child with their
rights we'll review kind of the overall
proceedings and we'll then ask the child
to respond to the notice to appear and
any allegations that might be listed in
my position as a staff attorney with the
perb our children's project I did see a
few cases where the child requested
voluntary departure because their parent
had already been deported they were
separated because of the zero-tolerance
policy by the time the child could get
to the immigration court for their first
master calendar hearing the parent had
already been deported
so the child fearing that they wouldn't
have a caretaker in the United States or
fearing separation from their parent
chose to face their fear in returning to
home country to be reunited with their
parent the three cases that I saw the
children were between the ages of about
10 and 16 reporting from the Rio Grande
Valley in Texas along the us-mexico
border
I'm Renee felts for Democracy Now well
for more Rene felts joins us here in our
studio just back from South Texas long
reported on the criminalization of
immigrants family detention in the
business of detention it's great to have
you back Rene talked about more about
what you saw on this report excellent
report thank you Amy I am just back from
the militarized southern border of the
United States with Mexico down there in
the Rio Grande Valley of Texas it's the
very southern tip of Texas and I went
down there to report on a topic I've
looked at before which is family
detention and you know that's happened
that there are other administrations the
Obama administration the bush
administrations and I wanted to see what
it looks like right now and talk to
people who are doing something about
this issue of the separation of children
from families I was only there two and a
half days but I saw a lot and in fact I
think it's important for reporters to go
down there because there's a lot of
concerns being raised I was down in the
same area about a year and a half ago
toward the end of the Obama
administration and I went to this
humanitarian respite center that I
visited this time some of the changes
that I noticed were last time I went the
children were very friendly and playful
with me and this time all of the
children that I saw were basically sort
of afraid of me and they clung very
close to their parents and their
behavior was different the parents that
I interacted with at this respite center
from what I understand you know
immigrations complicated but from what I
understand a lot of the people that I
saw the parents with their children at
this respite Center had been apprehended
in the days prior by the Customs and
Border Patrol had been processed and in
many cases charged with a criminal
offense for crossing the border not a
civil offense and then given time served
and they reunited with their young
children and they're released to this
respite center as I explained the piece
that's different than what we used to
happen before which was people process
very quickly not criminally charged
and released relatively soon so
they were only charged with a civil
civil offense not a criminal offense and
this is a change that's occurred in the
last year and a half exactly that's the
change that we've seen under the
zero-tolerance policy announced by
Attorney General Jeff Sessions about a
month ago a quick thing I also wanted to
mention the attorneys they spoke with in
this piece including Efron or laverra's
from the Texas Civil Rights Project he's
one of the his organization is the one
of the main groups that's talking to the
parents that are separated with from
their children when they appear in
federal court to face these criminal
charges after they've pled guilty for
crossing the river on a raft the day
before with their kid they tried to tell
the judge with a public defender and
I've seen it the trial when I was down
there was 40 70 people at a time that
hey I want to ask about my child it was
separated from me this organization the
Texas Civil Rights Project goes there
and does intake they call it they take
notes of your name so you maybe you can
help find your child later because the
government is not providing that service
they're the ones that reported in a past
couple of days that a mother told them
in the federal courthouse that her baby
was taken from her while breastfeeding
this same organization told me that two
mothers were told while they were with
their children that they were gonna go
that your children gonna go receive a
bath and then those mothers never saw
their children again now there is
litigation with the Texas Civil Rights
Project before the inter-american
Commission on Human Rights which is an
international law body there's also
litigation from the American Civil
Liberties Union which in the recent
weeks in California judge Dana Sabra of
the Southern District of California
ruled that their class-action suit on
behalf of these separated parents and
children can go forward and I want to
read a quick quote from the judge she
said the separation of families if true
this conduct is quote brutal offensive
and fails to comport with traditional
notions of fair play and decency a
couple of other quick things about what
I saw down there I went to see a mass
trial of about 40 people and at that
trial I heard people tell the public
defender that they had been separated
from their six-year-old son their
twelve-year-old son there
five-year-old daughter their
nine-year-old son their nine-year-old
daughter and another nine-year-old son
all in one trial that's repeated daily
in multiple courts along the southern
Texas border so when people ask me when
I went down there is it bad I think the
answer is yes I was inspired in part to
