[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
as we continue with part two of our
interview with the Pulitzer Prize
winning investigative reporter James
Rison who left the New York Times in
August to join the intercept a senior
national security correspondent and this
week published a fifteen thousand word
story headlined the biggest secret my
life is in New York Times reporter in
the shadow of the war on terror in the
story Jim risin gives a personal account
of his struggles to publish significant
stories involving national security in
the post 9/11 period and how about the
government and the top times editor's
suppress his reporting on stories
including the Bush administration's
warrantless wiretapping program for
which he ultimately would win the New
York Times a Pulitzer Prize in 2006 he
describes how a story would have come
out right before the 2004 presidential
election of President Bush over John
Kerry potentially changing the outcome
of that election but under government
pressure the Times caved refused to
publish the story for more than a year
until Jim risin was publishing a book
that would have the revelations in it in
this new piece for the intercept James
risin also describes meetings between
top Times editors and officials at the
CIA in the White House Rison was not
only pursued by the bush administration
but by the obama administration as well
Eric Holder Attorney General as part of
a six-year leak investigation into his
book state of war the secret history of
the CIA and the Bush administration his
refusal to name a source would take him
to the Supreme Court he almost wound up
in jail until the Obama administration
blinked his answer to that saga was to
write another book pay any price greed
power and endless war so Jim risin and
this second part of our conversation at
the end of part one you took us to the
brink to the Obama administration
blinking not and explain
in what they decided in 2015 I mean this
is I want to stress I mean this is after
pursuing you for years
you were pursued by the bush
administration as well but all through
this time you're still reporting on
these administration's for the New York
Times yeah that was that was very odd
because sometimes I would have to call
the FBI or the Justice Department or the
CIA for common about stories while I was
under subpoena and while they were
trying to put me in jail and it was very
weird because I had to have this like
dual personality of one trying to
continue to report Wow you're also the
subject of this massive investigation
and it was very hot it was very
difficult for me to focus on continuing
to report because of because of all that
going on and sometimes it felt like I
was I had to to different lives
and so that was weird but I think the
thing that I never you know a lot of
people in the press have have kind of
given Obama a pass on the way he dealt
with press freedom issues and I think
that's a big mistake I think Obama was
every bit as anti press as Bush was and
I think there was something deeply
ingrained in the way he viewed the press
that allowed him to justify the way he
was letting the Justice Department go
after whistleblowers and reporters and
yeah I don't think it was you know a lot
of reporters at the time tried to write
stories that oh this is just you know
continuation of old stories that the
Bush administration had had started
looking into or that you know the Obama
people are being forced to do this
because of right-wing pressure or
whatever I just think that that that's
an excuse
they actively pursued these cases they
had they developed a very hardcore
approach to the press and they use the
Justice Department as a weapon against
the press well I mean the Obama
administration pursued more
whistleblowers than all previous
administrations combined and I want to
now go to the former CIA officer Jeffrey
sterling serving a three and a half year
sentence for leaking classified
information to you than the New York
Times to you James risin about a failed
us effort to undermine Iran's nuclear
program the piece you described earlier
in your first part of the interview you
later exposed how the risky operation
could have actually aided the Iranian
nuclear program in 2015 Jeffrey sterling
was convicted of nine felony counts
including espionage his case was the
subject of the documentary short The
Invisible Man this is a clip they
already had the Machine geared up
against me
the moment that they felt there was a
leak every finger pointed to Jeffrey
sterling the word retaliation is not
thought of when anyone looks at the
experience that I've had with the agency
then I just think you're not looking so
that's Jeffrey sterling the former CIA
officer who is african-american serving
three and a half year sentence for
leaking classified information to you
though you would not reveal your source
talk about the significance of what
happened to Jeffrey sterling well I
can't discuss who you know anything
about who might might have been my
source or not I can't discuss my sources
or anything about that matter because
it's still something that I just refused
to discuss anything about anyone who
might or might not have ever been a
source of mine in this case but in the
in this case so just the way you have
covered whistleblowers and what it
happened to Jeffrey sterling as part of
the Obama administration's pursuit of
whistleblowers can you comment yeah I
think I think as I said in the in my
piece I think it was very shameful
what's happened in this case and all the
other cases where they've turned leak
investigations into massive witch hunts
and I described in this story how that
you know before the Valerie Plame case
there really was no you know the
government didn't do this kind of
aggressive pursuit of leaks that they
allowed leaks to leak you know leak
investigations basically didn't go
anywhere before the plane case in 2004
and that it really was Patrick
Fitzgerald and his hard-headed approach
to the subpoenaing reporters in the
Valerie Plame case that I think had
the unintended consequence of leading to
many more leak investigations and to the
subpoenaing of reporters and to the
targeting of people throughout the
government so I think that had a and
then after the plain case the Obama
administration came in and took a
zero-tolerance approach to all leaks and
made it instead of something that was a
backwater thing something put on the
backburner of the Justice Department as
it had been for years suddenly they make
made leak prosecutions and leak
investigations a top priority
Jim risin the issue of who gets
prosecuted who gets jailed and who
ultimately gets celebrated and gets off
the hook
you write about this in your piece for
the intercept the biggest secret and you
talk about a story that really shaped
your reporting this is before the
September 11 2001 attacks you write one
incident left me questioning whether I
should continue as a national security
reporter in 2000 John Millis a former
CIA officer who had become staff
director of the House Intelligence
Committee summoned me to his small
office on Capitol Hill talked him take
it from there
take it from after he closed the door
sure John Millis opened he took out a
classified document which was a an
inspector general's report from the CIA
on how john deutsch who had been the CI
director had mishandled classified
information on his computer and how the
investigation into that had been
mishandled by top senior CIA officials
and that nothing had been done basically
about deutsch and it was a very
devastating IG report which had been
never been made public before and
Millis read me the whole story of the
whole report and went back over it
whenever I needed to so I could write it
verbatim write it down exactly what was
in the report and I wrote a story about
that report which was very explosive at
the time because it raised questions
about the way that this investigation
had been handled inside the CIA and how
basically nothing had been done to do it
and how George Tenet and other people at
the CIA had kind of you know put you
know put this whole thing on the back
burner and Millis a few months later
committed suicide and I was I went to
his funeral which was attended by
hundreds of CIA people and I felt I
wasn't sure whether my you know the
story I had done and the leak from him
had anything to do with his committed
suicide
but I felt like I was in a very weird
dangerous world that I didn't quite
understand and he I for this piece that
I just wrote I talked to his widow and
she agreed that it was okay to say
finally that tell this story about him
and also that she said that she doesn't
believe his suicide hadn't had anything
to do with that leak or that story but
it was a it was a real strange strange
interlude in my career you know as you
may remember after that Deutsch you know
I think the investigation after that
into deutsches handling of classified
information suddenly got riu know
reignited after my story and finally I
think as I recalled President Clinton
gave him a pardon on the way out of
office so you have both john deutsch and
you of david petraeus
yeah yeah Petraeus was as you remember
remember he was a CI director under for
Obama and was became under investigation
for you know his mishandling of
classified information in a very
convoluted story and he just got a slap
on the wrist in the end didn't go didn't
have to go to jail and it's become clear
that top officials if you're powerful
enough and wealthy enough and if you are
in a well enough connected you know leak
investigations will not ruin your career
life and you won't face jail time but if
your lower level officials throughout
the government you know they can they
will go after low-level people who are
not powerful so Jim you have the
whistleblowers and you have the
reporters and I wanted to go back to
your story about Michael Hayden trying
to suppress the story the former head of
the CIA before that he led the NSA the
National Security Agency he was speaking
in 2014 to 60 minutes Lesley Stahl and
said that he didn't think that you James
risin should be forced to divulge your
source I'm conflicted I know the damage
that is done and I do but I also know
the Free Press necessity in a free
society and it actually might be that I
think no he's wrong that was a mistake
that's that was a terrible thing to do
America will suffer because of that
story but then I have to think about so
how do i redress that and if the method
of redressing that actually harms the
broad freedom of the press that's still
wrong the government needs to be strong
enough to keep me safe but I don't want
it so strong that it threatens my
liberties so that's Michael Hayden your
thoughts Jim as he was the one who
brought down the hammer on your story
and now he's saying you shouldn't have
to reveal your source yeah I mean I
remember when I when he said that
I thought that was a good I'm glad II it
seemed to have had a change of heart
about the press and I know he is now a
pretty big critic of the of Trump and so
it's interesting you know people can
change they can change their minds and
which is good and I'm that makes me more
hopeful I guess it's possible you know I
don't know whether he always felt that
way about you know sending reporters to
jail or not but it's good that he felt
that way at the time and I want to stay
back in that period of 2000 and go to
the story that you write about here of
one wholly know if people were wondering
what the CIA and the FBI were doing
before 9/11 let's talk about the story
of this Chinese American scientist at
Los Alamos when holy a story that you
extensively covered explain what
happened and what you learned from this
story well we I was working on a story
it was basically about about the Clinton
administration and whether or not they
were being too soft on China on and that
led into a story about Chinese espionage
and it kind of it kind of in other words
they kind of came at this story
indirectly first looking at Clinton
administration policies towards China on
technical issues and then the way they
were handling espionage and then
specifically we began to hear that they
were had been soft on this specific
espionage case that involved someone at
Los Alamos and eventually wrote a story
about this purported espionage case at
Los Alamos and
involving a Chinese American scientist
as the main suspect at the time and
looking back I realized that the way we
I wrote that story and wrote the
following stories I wasn't skeptical
enough of the way the government of what
the government was saying or doing in
the case and its handling of the case
and I really believe that we should have
been more skeptical and it was a it was
a very difficult learning experience for
me and I think I've learned from the
mistakes that I made in that case I want
to play an excerpt from my interview in
2005 with Bill Richardson then the
Democratic governor of New Mexico former
ambassador to the United Nations and
former Secretary of Energy as energy
secretary Richardson fired when Holly
who is under investigation for espionage
Lee was ultimately cleared of those
charges governor Richardson this isn't
only a case of freedom of the press and
journalists protecting their sources it
is also a case of the destruction of the
reputation of a man when holy who served
almost a year in prison who a federal
judge has said you last month were the
probable source of the leaks what do you
say to that federal judge and you say
you stand behind everything you did in
this case what do you stand well I stand
by that I wasn't and secondly this was a
man that was convicted on several counts
of tampering with classified information
so but the minor arrests of counts I
mean what he was it was not minor this
is where you're wrong it was not minor
there were very sensitive nuclear
secrets that possibly were compromised
and were improperly taken from his
computer
now the judgment of the judge I believe
is speculative but I
and the very strong actions that I took
to protect our nuclear secrets so you
say the federal judge is wrong and
saying that you're the problem so he's
totally wrong I mean in the case of when
Holi though originally they said he
could be reason for the possible like
well like President Bush used and the
argument for the Iraq war he could be
the source of a nuclear explosion a
bombing of the United States and
ultimately when the judge freed went
holy he said he had been egregiously
misled by government officials
about what when holy was responsible for
and he was irate he was enraged the
judge I mean well that's his opinion I
believe that we acted properly in
safeguarding our nuclear secrets he was
convicted on several counts there were
some mistakes in that case it involved
the entire federal government and I
stand behind everything that I did
that's former New Mexico Governor
Richardson who fired when holy who was
part of it was not only the government
but also I guess your reporting in the
New York Times that led to this kind of
witch-hunt against when holy I mean he
would be followed by FBI agents when he
Rock climbed they would be hanging from
rocks nearby because they just were
following him they destroyed ultimately
his life and in the end he was not
charged with any of the original charge
is simply mishandling government
information mm-hmm right yeah I know
that was a it was a as I said I think
the the criticism of the stories that I
did is valid and it was a as I said it
was a real learning experience and I
think it helped me become more skeptical
of the government and in a way helped me
avoid some of the problems on the
pre-war Intel on Iraq I think the fact
that I had gone through that experience
and
become more skeptical of the government
help me become more skeptical of the
government just before the war in Iraq
and then of course you had the war in
Iraq and you were then asking serious
questions your pieces weren't making it
to the front page of the New York Times
in the way Michael Gordon and Judith
Miller's pieces alleging weapons of mass
destruction were would you say that the
New York Times was really campaigning
for war on its news pages well you know
it felt like at the time it felt like
they didn't want the stories that I was
writing it was they didn't want to hear
or they didn't really I wrote a series
of stories that were skeptical about the
pre-war intelligence and they would
either get cut or buried or you know
held for long periods of time and it was
very frustrating and that was you know
going on in late 2002 and early 2003 and
that for me was like the prelude to what
happened on the later stories on the CIA
Iran and then the NSA so I had this
whole period where I was very frustrated
that ultimately led you know that that
frustration ultimately led to what I did
with my book and the NSA story so it was
it was all part of a continuous period
for me of deep frustration so as we wrap
up your reflections on the role of the
press and particularly your paper that
is so critical your former paper the New
York Times in holding those in power
accountable in being not a part of the
state but and not a party to the parties
but apart from them yeah I think I my
piece I think there's some mixed results
from the all these battles in the nine
post 9/11 age I think I think the press
in general including the New York Times
and The Washington Post and a lot of
other major news organizations
hasn't really learned the lessons of the
pre-war wmd difficult in the press I
think we are still hyping terrorist
threats and hyping WMD threats in some
cases and I think that leads that has a
major political impact and it makes it
very difficult for anyone in Congress or
at the White House or any any political
leader to roll back some of the most
draconian laws and policies that have
been put in place since 9/11 including
the domestic spying programs on the
other hand at the New York Times I think
the fight over the NSA story really
helped usher in a change in the way that
they deal with the government the paper
is now much more aggressive on national
security reporting in and much less
willing than ever than it was before the
NSA story to agree to hold or kill
stories at the government's request it's
you know they require a much higher bar
you know they still negotiate on stories
when and when the government wants to
negotiate but I think they're much more
willing to say no to the government
today and I think you know the
experience on the NSA story had was a
big factor in changing that the way they
think about that and Jim one of the
things you write about is the fact that
you found out through the case against
