is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman we
begin today's show in Syria where Syrian
government forces have taken full
control of the Damascus suburb of
eastern Goethe and a major victory for
President Bashar al-assad the capture of
eastern goota followed a Russian broker
deal that saw the last remaining rebel
fighters granted safe passage to a
rebel-held area in northern Syria human
rights groups estimate some 1,700
civilians were killed in heavy fighting
after Syrian forces backed by Russia
launched an offensive on Eastern goota
in February the UN says food water and
medicine are in short supply for those
left behind this is UN humanitarian
adviser Jan Egeland there is by our
account still at least 100,000 people in
Duma and they need desperately our help
we have been prevented from going there
we have had very little surprise to
there and now hopefully there is finally
an agreement between the armed actors
Eastern Gooch's fall comes as the UN
Security Council set to meet an
emergency session today over the growing
prospect of a war between Russia and the
US after President Trump threatened u.s.
strikes in response to an alleged
chemical weapons attack on Duma last
Saturday this is Russia's UN Ambassador
Vasily new Benza the immediate priority
is to avert the danger award
[Music]
look we cannot exclude any possibilities
unfortunately because we saw with so
messages that are coming from Washington
they were very bellicose they know we're
there I hope I I I wish there was a
donna cat through appropriate channels
on this to avert any any dangerous any
dangerous developments this comes as
President Trump tweeted Wednesday quote
get ready Russia because missiles will
be coming nice and new and smart
then on Thursday Trump appeared to back
off slightly from his aggressive stance
tweeting never said when an attack on
Syria would take place could be very
soon or not so soon at all that last
tweet came after Trump missed a
self-imposed deadline of 48 hours to
announce major decisions in Syria in the
wake of an alleged chemical and weapons
attack on Duma on Saturday those
comments came as the Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov said Russia has
evidence the attack was fabricated
french president manuel mcconnell has
said he has proof that Syria's
government carried out the attack and
NBC News cited two unnamed US officials
who said blood and urine samples taken
from the victim and smuggled out of
Dumas shows signs of poisoning from a
nerve agent and chlorine gas on Capitol
Hill defense secretary James Madison the
US is still investigating the attack
this is mattis being questioned by
Hawaii Democratic Congress member Tulsi
Gabbard what would the objective of an
attack on Syria be and how does that
serve the interests of the American
people I don't want to talk about a
specific attack that is not yet in the
offing knowing that we these are
decisions this would be pre-decisional
again the president not made that
decision for more on Syria we go to
Beirut Lebanon where we're joined via
Democracy Now video stream by Yasin
al-saadi a Syrian Canadian writer and
researcher welcome back to Democracy Now
Yasin you're a response to all the
latest developments in Syria thank you
very much for having me
one thing I wanted to say is how surreal
this is even this interview because
Amy the first time I was on Democracy
Now was almost a year ago this exact
situation appearing itself so it just
struck me and I feel I have to say that
Karl Marx was right history repeats and
there was a tragedy of course and it's
even more absurd there's just so much to
say I mean my first comment I would like
to really point out is this weird
discussion happening at the US as if an
attack on Syria hasn't happened by the
US and by others let's remind everyone
that the u.s. is striking Syria are
ready you have more than two thousand
soldiers on the ground there are bases
for me as a Syrian I see it as an
occupation just like how I see the
Russians are an occupation on the
country so I just find the whole
discussion that's happening is so absurd
and I feel like the hysteria that is
being manufactured in my opinion by
these politicians are just distracting
from the core issues and the core issues
at least to me is accountability for
Syrians
I mean let's be honest whether the u.s.
strikes Sharia and here I believe people
mean the Syrian military or the Syrian
regime how is this gonna bring justice
how is this accountability in any way
because it's not and even then what's
next what's the plan here so I think the
biggest issue that is really driving all
this is that this is another example of
the complete dysfunctionality and
failure of the international political
and accountability system that this is
what we're witnessing again and again
and we're seeing it in Syria and we've
seen it in so many other places around
the world and it's just it's become very
absurd and it's become and it's also as
a human being I mean I just am so
personally obsessed as a human as I can
you know I have to be empathetic here
because people are dying in the scheme
of things men win
children they are being killed
predominantly by the ones that have the
most power ie the regime and its allies
and they are all also being killed and
harmed that abused by armed opposition
groups who are backed by other
superpowers so that's where we're at and
and these theater plays these these
things that happen over an alleged
chemical attack and I personally believe
it happened and I believe I have my
thoughts and my conclusions on who the
culprit are based on the evidence that
we all have around really you believe
launched this attack who do I think
launched the attack based on the
evidence that is around based on trends
based on history based on context I do
think it was the Syrian regime however
what does this change anything because
okay the OPCW is currently investigating
in the country and they should start on
Saturday and I support that I believe in
an investigation there has to be some
sort of accountability here I don't
believe in a Western invasion and
overthrow of the Syrian regime because I
don't think that leads to certain
determination however how does this
change anything because the OPCW has
already said in previous reports that it
is linked the Syrian regime to chlorine
a Clorox at least three of them it has
also pointed out there are links of Isis
using mustard gas so what are we arguing
here are we arguing that chemical
weapons are happening in Syria well they
are people are using chemical weapons
they're using chemical agents whether
it's chlorine or anything else what
changes this doesn't it ignores the fact
that the most deaths are happening
through conventional means people are
dying because of air strikes bullets
sieges so this idea of chemical weapons
is also it's absurd so Yasin that for
people who aren't aware OPCW is the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons but I wanted to go to
Russia's foreign minister rejecting the
allegations that the chemical weapons
attack
Doudna what a cheese pizza at least the
king's escheat doctors chemical defense
specialists have been to duma where
chemical weapons were allegedly used but
they found no traces of such use no
casualties or victims of this mythical
chemical attack the West stubbornly
refuses to listen to a heap of
information France says they have
evidence that it was a Syrian government
but today the German Foreign Minister
Heiko Maas said Western countries must
increase pressure on Russia in order to
solve the crisis in Syria we want these
people to be held criminally responsible
internationally and there remains a lot
to be done the repeated use of chemical
weapons which is internationally
prohibited cannot come without
consequences
you cannot just continue with the daily
agenda this now needs to be discussed
with our Western partners so Germany
says they wouldn't get involved with
England with Britain and France in the
United States with an attack and yaws
and your response to the Russians saying
it's not them yeah I'm not surprised
that the Russians would take this line
just like I'm not surprised about the
Western governments lying I mean you
know a lot of people point to the
example of what happened with Iraq and I
agree that you know what happened with
Iraq is criminal and this idea of
manufacturing evidence but there are two
things I want to point out does this
mean that if the US was actually telling
the truth and there were weapons of mass
destruction in Iraq does this justify
the killing of over a million Iraqis the
destruction of Iraq is this what people
are arguing because that's what I'm
hearing
secondly the position of manufacturing
or victim-blaming isn't really new all
regimes whether they are the Russians
the Syrians the Israelis the Saudis the
Americans say the same thing and they've
said the same thing throughout history a
lot of people say remember Iraq I also
say true and I agree remember Iraq and
also remember things like Guernica where
the fascist government at the time
during the Spanish Civil War completely
denied what
the Guernica and teddy was fabricated
and of the anarchists and leftists were
bombing and burning themselves so this
is this is the situation let's all agree
and let's be frank they're all lying in
many ways to us you know it's
interesting you raised Guernica the
famous painting by Pablo Picasso of what
happened in Gernika well over 75 years
ago the banner of a tapestry of that
painting famous painting that is known
around the world hangs outside the UN
Security Council today the UN Security
Council will be meeting on Syria so what
do you think is the solution Yasin you
are a Syrian you have seen your country
destroyed you now don't you have
actually Russian soldiers and US
soldiers on the ground in Syria yeah we
have everyone on the ground it's a
buffet so what do I think and I can only
and I'm gonna say this very clearly I am
speaking for myself I'm not representing
you know Syrian Syria because there's a
whole wide range of views what I think I
believe the solution is accountability I
believe the only way and the only way we
as Syrians could move on and build a
sustainable a sustainable coherent
country is to move for accountability
accountability against every crime
inflicted on every Syrian body over the
course of seven years I mean if the
regime and I know that the regime has
committed crimes they should go they
should be taken to court and then they
should be put in prison same thing with
the armed opposition the same thing with
the Americans who have devastated places
like Raqqa same thing like the the
Russians who have devastated places
around Syria they should all be held to
account and the only way to do that is
not resorting to the international legal
political mechanisms because they are
failing
they are dysfunctional and they are not
made to help US citizens of the world
I believe or I think I should say the
best thing we can do me and you and
whoever else is listening or watching is
that we need to build a movement because
the movements today whether it stopped
the war or the so-called mainstream left
they are abysmal and they are failing
just as well because not only are they
not stopping the horns they are
reproducing narratives that are harming
people on the ground in the end no
different from the neo cons and the
Orientalists and anyone else that are
war mongers the solution or the idea in
my mind is a better discourse as well
for example if one says that asset is a
criminal this does not mean
automatically Western intervention and
we shouldn't figure out at the same time
Western intervention cannot be presented
as the only solution to dealing with
outside neither are correct both of them
are terrible and the Syrian people like
many other communities in the world
deserve better discourse and movements
our bodies are being devastated just
like bodies are being devastated in Iraq
and Palestine and in Yemen and we all
need help and that requires really an
international mobilization of people
because everything else is or remedies
don't you think so Malia's and let me
ask you a last question President Trump
making this decision as he is embroiled
in various sex scandals accusations of
he the the Special Counsel Robert Muller
is moving in on him his lawyers you know
home and hotel room and offices have
been raided apparently there are
recordings of his lawyer that have also
been taken by the authorities now why
raise this as you're dealing in Syria
with the possible chemical weapons
attack the number of people killed over
these years is because that this
decision might not actually be made
because of what's happening on the
ground in Syria but the internal
politics of what's happening here in the
United States and wanting to distract
attention that could be certainly so I
mean whatever Trump does he can do but
let's not forget that behind Trump is a
whole system in place right there is
it's not just Trump we're talking about
a political military system within the
United States just like within other
countries that makes these decisions so
I have no faith in that and I have no
faith in Trump and there's there's one
thing that the tweet that Trump had was
yesterday where he ended that people
should say thank you to America you know
I have something to say and I'm gonna
say it in Arabic call Hara which
basically means you can tell him it
means thank you because in the end it
does't what Trump is doing and all this
hullabaloo that we also hear from let's
not forget France and the UK who are no
better and who are embroiled in a lot of
crimes and supportive of repressive
regimes in the cotton in the region how
can I expect them to save me they are no
different from the Russians in my
opinion you know in terms of will they
bring me self-determination are they
actively working to help me and my
society and our neighbors no they're not
let's not forget that the three main
countries that are gung-ho to start you
know launching attacks are also you know
the US the UK and France are also the
three main countries that deny the
rights of Syrian refugees to enter their
lives so how can I take them seriously I
cannot well Yasser not Saudi I want to
thank you for being with us Syrian
Canadian writer and researcher speaking
to us from Beirut Lebanon this is
democracy now when we come back
president Trump railed repeatedly
against the trans-pacific partnership it
was one of his first acts in office to
pull out of any such agreement he's now
saying he wants to rejoin the TPP will
speak with public citizens lori wallach
stay with us
