this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we turn now to an
update on the case of Mexican journalist
Emilio Gutierrez who's fighting his
deportation from a u.s. detention center
in El Paso along with the son Mexico is
one of the most dangerous countries in
the world for journalists and Gutierrez
and his son first sought asylum in the
United States in 2008 after receiving
death threats for reporting on alleged
corruption in the Mexican military they
were detained for seven months
eventually released to live in the
United States while his asylum appeal
was pending they survived by operating a
food truck in New Mexico until last July
but after nearly a decade Gutierrez
asylum appeal was denied and earlier
this month he was again detained well
this week after a visit from Texas
Democratic Congress member betho
O'Rourke and a flurry of news reports
including here on Democracy Now the
Board of Immigration Appeals reopened
butte Ariza's asylum case and vacated
his deportation order granting him a
full stay of his removal order this
means Gutierrez Soto cannot be deported
at the moment and that the BIA the
Bureau of Immigration Appeals will now
issue a new ruling but Gutierrez has
still not been released
neither as a son this is Emilio
cachoeira Soto speaking to us earlier
this month in an exclusive jailhouse
interview with Juan Gonzalez and me
directly from his El Paso Detention
Center talking about what he fears will
happen if he's deported back to Mexico
well if we are deported that obviously
implies death why because ice under the
Department of Homeland Security of the
United States by law must give a report
to the immigration authorities of Mexico
and
consulate and the immigration officials
in Mexico have no credibility it's
impossible to trust in them to the
contrary many of those officials many
personnel at the consulate or
Immigration Service are caught up with
organized crime and organized crime is
precisely the next can government if the
government didn't give its consent for
criminal groups to work with impunity
certainly the conditions would be
different but the government of Mexico
facilitates the work of criminal groups
who operate with total impunity the
government of Mexico we all know is the
most corrupt government in the
hemisphere and obviously enjoys no
credibility now the conditions we find
ourselves at this ice jail in El Paso
are truly denigrating we have seen my
son and myself most of the immigrants
detained here are from Central and South
America the majority we're not so many
Mexicans here at this Jail now given the
extreme poverty well of course that is
experienced in Mexico but even more so
in Central and South America for many of
the persons detained it seems that the
conditions are adequate all right
Pleasant but they are denigrating the
food is poor nutritionally it is not
pleasant at all to eat the food here not
at all
plus the rations the portions are too
small and the immigration authorities
here in the United States are saying
that you have no proof no documentary
proof of your claims or that no
witnesses have appeared to back up your
claims how do you respond to that
listen unio Mystica
I believe that the immigration
authorities are an institution based on
lies it would appear that I would need
to enter the United States with bullet
holes on the front and back of my body
or mutilated which is what the
institutional criminal group the Mexican
government generally does
so that's Emilio Gutierrez Soto speaking
to us directly from a detention prison
in Texas
earlier this month since he received a
full stay of deportation this week his
followers are calling for his release
arguing he poses no threat to security
is not a flight risk and faces health
problems the longer he's held for more
we're gonna go to El Paso first by
Democracy Now video stream to
Gutierrez's lawyer ed Beckett welcome to
Democracy Now Eduardo Beckett talk about
what happened this week what is the
decision that was made that would stop
the deportation of Emilio Gutierrez at
least for now so this week the Board of
Immigration Appeals reinstated his
appeal vacated the deportation order and
basically what it means is that they're
going to review his case again they're
gonna allow us to file legal briefs and
may and so he's gonna be able to present
his case to the Board of Immigration
Appeals so they can either grant him the
asylum agree with the judge or remand or
said send back the case to the judge to
redo it if the court thinks that there's
irregularities or that the judge
decision was erroneous so it's very good
news for him but bad news that he's
detained and he's being treated like a
criminal in my opinion so this is Emilio
Gutierrez Soto speaking in October in
Washington DC as he accepted the
National Press Club
jonno Bhushan press freedom award on
behalf of Mexico's journalists he spoke
alongside a translator
the murder cases the disappearances and
the Exiles is a constant suffering and
source of pain for our families dona in
pune dad
no no Sade cabo de la mano lady impunity
has not let go of our hand
mientras la Justicia dona justicia say
prostitu√©e accompany ah de del estado
well Lady Justice prostitutes herself in
the company of the government los medios
para matar la libertad a expression to
again kill the freedom of expression que
nos vamos asilo Politico MPs como esta
those who seek political asylum in
countries like this like the United
States nos encontraste own la Saracen de
autoridades migratorius we we
encountered we encountered the decisions
of immigration authorities reggaeton Las
Vegas international is that barter away
the international laws
so that's Emilio Gutierrez receiving the
O Bhushan national press freedom award
on behalf of Mexican journalists at the
National Press Club in Washington DC so
for more I want to bring into the
conversation from Washington bill
McCarran executive director of the
National Press Club which invited
Emilio Gutierrez to accept that award
McCarran went to El Paso earlier last
week to visit Gutierrez in detention he
also delivered to authorities boxes full
of petitions that call for Gutierrez to
be released bill McCarran welcome to
Democracy Now
can you explain when you went to El Paso
your visit with both Emilio and Oscar
and then with ice officials sure hi Amy
thanks for having me so we were able to
go to El Paso and through the work of
Eddie Beckett get into detention to see
Emilio and Oscar there were brief
meetings I was accompanied by
Congressman Beto O'Rourke from the El
Paso area and two of his staff it was an
emotional meeting with with Emilio in
particular he was agitated he broke down
a couple of times he complained of
health problems which you all have
discussed earlier and we think by the
way the diet may contribute to high
blood pressure
he said his arm was numb this sort of
thing
he wasn't sleeping well and I'm not a
doctor but he you know he seemed to be
having pts and those kind of symptoms is
depressed they the authorities did not
let us see Emilio and Oscar at the same
time
Emilio had to exit the room and then
Oscar entered Oscar seems healthy he's
very concerned about his father of
course but in every way he presents
almost like a any any college early
college-age kid you'd meet just a great
great kid and it was it was an honor to
see them but it was upsetting to see
them under those circumstances and then
we followed for a meeting with ice
officials as you indicated talk about
how that meeting went and did ice
official officials tell you that you
should be toning it down and explain
what they meant sure well I mean as you
mentioned we were there to among other
things present petitions and we had at
that point 18 thousand signatures I
believe it's close to 23,000 now and
we're able to submit those into his into
Emilio's Case Files so that was very
important action for us and we did not
know we would be able to meet with ice
so during the meeting there were five
ice officials and myself the congressman
and his staff and Eduardo Emilio's
attorney and during the meeting we were
discussing the judge's case his ruling
you know the judge found that Emilio
didn't present credible evidence in his
view about his journalistic activities
and did not suggest that he would be did
not give adequate reason that he would
be in danger if he returned to Mexico
both of which we object
so we're discussing this and we were
told by one of the ice officials that we
should tone it down and I think by that
he meant you know take a look take a
calmer approach to this don't question
things as much he said let the process
work well you know my answer to him
immediately was we were not there to
tone it down we were there to raise the
issue of Emilio's case and make sure
everyone knew his name if possible and
make sure everybody knew the
circumstances that this was a journalist
seeking asylum and it was not being
granted asylum and we know that the ice
officials knew that we would have a news
conference at 1:00 o'clock that day so
this was a bit of a shot across the bow
now later they chose in the press to
deny that they had said we should tone
it down or were suggested that wasn't
what they meant but we were pretty clear
what they meant why is this case so
important to you bill as executive
director of the National Press Club and
also why is Emilio Gutierrez and a son
Oscar still being held in jail well that
last question honestly my answer is I do
not know as Eduardo mentioned they are
you know they have no criminal record
they're not a threat to the community
the jail is the facility is very crowded
we believe as many as thirty people were
released to humanitarian parole the the
week prior so there are a lot of people
that you know may need to be in that
facility we don't think Emilio and Oscar
are two of them and we're asking that
they that they be released why we gave
Emilio the Bhushan award and why we were
interested in putting a spotlight on
problems in Mexico related to journalism
in general I would call your viewers
attention to a recent
court by the United Nations that came
out December 4th in which David Kaye
who's very credible person and some of
his staff went through Mexico for a week
interviewed 250 journalists about the
kinds of problems that are going on
there and just a few quick facts we
believe there have been 12 journalists
this year killed in Mexico
none of those 12 cases have been solved
and some of those journalists who have
been killed are in a protection program
that's operated by the Mexican
government and it's that very program
cited by the judge that he says will
protect Emilio Gutierrez if he's
returned to Mexico we're not buying that
we don't think it's an effective program
we're very concerned about violence
against journalists everywhere but in
Mexico and so Emilio is a great case for
us to highlight it's an unfortunate case
but it's one we want to bring full
attention to and where the the National
Press Club is the world's leading
professional organization for
journalists so this is what we do and we
do it in Iran and Azerbaijan and other
places but I never thought we'd be
having to fight a case like this here in
the United States
Edoardo good Eduardo Beckett can you
explain why at this point with the case
going to the Bureau of Immigration
Appeals Emilio is still being held he
has not committed a crime nor has his
son yes a Navy I think that we're seeing
the criminalization of asylum seekers
were the Department Homeland Security
ice is taking the position that if you
come and enter illegally like a billion
is Sunday through one of our land port
of entry's
and seek asylum that you should be
treated like a criminal there is no good
reason to hold him he meets all the
criteria to be released I think that
going back to the question that you
asked about the media I believe that we
know with all due respect that
immigration Customs enforcement's are
it's a bipolar organization on the one
hand to my face they'd say we don't care
about the media we don't care if you go
to the media
the other hand privately they say tone
it down and so this is a bipolar
organization that wants to treat
legitimate Asylum persons like Emilio
like criminals and Congress has given
him so much power it's kind of like if
the police charges you with the crime
but you never get to see the judge and
only the police gets to decide when and
and how they're going to release you
same thing with the ice since he entered
legally the law that Congress gave his
power to ice basically they decide if
they wanted to release him they can
release him on his own recognizance and
an order of supervision they can they
can set a bond a little bond they can
put an alternative to detention programs
so they have a whole host of tools that
they can use but they're choosing not to
and so we're shocked that you know
Congress gave them so much unfettered
discretion and I think that's a bigger
issue that that I think Congress needs
to fix this because then there's abuse
of authority so they could release them
today exactly they could release them
right now they want to the BIA stands
for the Board of Immigration Appeals
bill McCarran also the fact that Emilio
Gutierrez is a journalist who was
reporting on narco trafficking its
relationship with the Mexican government
with the president Trump's professed
concern about the drug war and narco
traffickers you would think that
journalists like Emilio are critical you
would think so it's a there's plenty of
need for for good journalism in Mexico
but so Emilio's voice and his outspoken
approach to problems in Mexico whether
he's here or in Mexico is valuable and
you know I think should be should be
encouraged we do think it's a dangerous
place for him now and we and we think
you know he should not be returned and
we would think that the United States
policy should be all about trying to
protect him I wanted to point out Amy
that the the Washington Post in a
December 12th editorial called for
asylum for
Amelio so when the judge is questioning
whether or not Emilio is a journalist
well we're giving him an award The
Washington Post is calling for asylum
for him I really don't think it's a
question about whether or not he's a
journalist and whether his voice is
valuable one hmm well I want to thank
you for being with us of course we'll
continue to follow this case and if you
want to see watch listened to read our
full interview with Emilio Gutierrez
Soto in jail in El Paso the interview
that Juan Gonzalez and I did you can go
to democracynow.org bill McCarran thanks
for being with us executive director of
the National Press Club and Eduardo
Beckett
Emilio's attorney thanks so much for
being with us when we come back the
Committee to Protect Journalists has
come out with their report on imprisoned
and detained journalists around the
world it's chilling stay with us
