[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report with part 2 as
we continue this conversation with two
of the nation's most celebrated writers
both refugees themselves viet on when
was born in vietnam in 1971 after the
fall of Saigon in 1975 he and his family
fled to the United States he's the
author of three books including the
sympathizer which won the Pulitzer Prize
in 2016
he's also the editor of a new collection
titled the displaced refugee writers on
refugee lives Viet is professor of
English at the University of Southern
California USC we're also joined by the
Chilean American writer Ariel Dorfman
who's been described as one of the
greatest Latin American novelists
forty-five years ago he fled Chile after
a u.s. baku displaced the democratically
elected President Salvador Allende who
died in the palace as the us-backed
Pinochet forces rose to power a Dale
Dorfman served as a yin days cultural
adviser from 1970 to 73 living in exile
he became one of general Pinochet's most
vocal critics as well as a celebrated
playwright and novelist professor
Dorfman teaches at Duke University he's
just published a new novel called
Darwin's ghost and a new collection of
essays titled homeland security 8 my
speech messages from the end of the
world so I want to go back to Viet to
talk about your experience both in
Vietnam and the United States because
this is a seminal year 2018 50th
anniversary of so much malai Tet
Offensive the assassination of dr. King
who the year - the day before his death
gave that famous speech at Riverside
Church why he opposed the war in Vietnam
condemned by so many in the corporate
media from Time magazine Life magazine
Washington Post calling him basically
that he betrayed his cause as country
and his people saying the war in Vietnam
was not his war he just doubled down
kept on speaking but Tet Offensive meal
I talked about Vietnam and your
experience of as a child but then how
you reflect back on it well I wasn't
even born in 1968 I was born in 1971 but
the events at that time period I think
have become a part of the collective
memory at least for Americans and also
for Vietnamese peoples that if you go
back to to Vietnam you'll find all these
memorials and monuments and museums
dedicated to the victorious Vietnamese
perspective of the on the Vietnam War
and so things like the the malai
massacre and the Tet Offensive are
commemorated there as either signs of
American villainy or signs of Vietnamese
triumph and you know my issue is that
it's a very complicated history and to
make it constantly American centered
does a disservice to Americans who I
think of a very American centric view
about the Vietnam War and it allows from
the perspective of the American lacked a
certain idealization of the Vietnamese
thinking of them as the revolutionaries
and the victorious Vietnamese and all
this kind of all this kind of stuff the
victims of American foreign policy but
all that may be true but we should have
little bit more of a complex attitude
understanding that the victorious
Vietnamese themselves persecuted their
enemies the southern Vietnamese after
the end of the war and the Vietnamese
Vietnamese had extended the war into
Laos and Cambodia and that kind of
complexity I think is still not really a
part of the American consciousness about
this history well talk about I mean you
wrote the book nothing ever dies Vietnam
and the memory of war why wrote that
book and deliberately to talk about how
the war is remembered not just in the
United States in Vietnam but Laos in
Cambodia in South Korea as well South
Korea was the largest Allied army of the
United States sent 300,000 troops which
the u.s. paid for and all US also paid
for South Korean contractors to come to
Vietnam and help the US military this is
part of the beginning of South Korea's
rise from a country that was poorer than
South Vietnam to go poorer in 1960 in
the 1960s it was poorer than South
Vietnam had just been devastated by the
Korean War which killed about two to
three million Koreans and was you know
carpet
by the United States now of course Korea
South Korea is what it is but it's that
history is tied in with the Vietnam War
that history is almost been completely
obliterated now I talked about Cambodia
and Laos because I think a lot of
Americans don't even know the war was
fought in Cambodia and Laos don't know
that three million Vietnamese people
died in the war but three million
Cambodians and lotions died during the
war and afterwards and it's important to
bring this up because Americans when
they feel guilty will say okay we know
that in Vietnam it's called the American
War so maybe we should call it that and
I'm saying even that is not sufficient
because the Vietnamese who call it the
American war don't want to think about
what they did in Laos and Cambodia and
what they still do there today so
thinking of war in just these binary
terms of Vietnam in the United States
just completely simplifies the history
of what happened there you are teaching
young people today who certainly were
not born at the time of the Vietnam War
when you have to go on beyond that to
talk about Cambodia and Laos explain
what you say for example President Nixon
who you know was came from California
not far from where you teach at
University of Southern California Nixon
secret bombing of Cambodia well the
students who come into my class I teach
a large class in the Vietnam War for
example basically just know the
stereotypes of the Vietnam War from
movies and just very very basic things
so I only spend the first third of the
course talking about the American points
of view and the last two thirds talking
about Vietnamese Cambodian Lotion points
of view and I'm gratified that the
students come out of that course saying
we wish we knew more than what you
taught us about Vietnam Cambodia and
Laos a little bit less about the
American perspective and so it is I
think for them shocking to learn certain
things like the nameless secret bombing
of Cambodia which has also been
completely forgotten as well but the
larger point of the course outside of
just making the history more complex is
to talk about humanity and inhumanity
remembering and forgetting why have we
forgotten certain things what would it
mean to remember in a more just way can
we talk not just about humanity which is
crucial but can we talk about out in
humanity is a part of humanity that
always has been and that's a very
uncomfortable truth
anybody to confront but it's what I want
them to to understand about us as people
not just as Americans or Vietnamese
people but us as a species
now Viet anh win' is a little younger
than you at al Dorfman he wasn't even
born yet in 1968 but you were at UC
Berkeley I was interested Berkeley I was
at People's Park I did the whole the
whole thing right I went across the
United States and I was part of this
whole movement so as a Chilean who was
there I was very very infused both by
the anti-war movement this is before you
would go to Chile no no I when there as
a research scholar from Chile for 1970
was 1968 you know and I went back to
Chile enthused by what I had learned
from the American left and the
liberation movement and all the Lovins
and all that it was it was quite a nice
time to be alive let's say if you
weren't in Vietnam fighting the war
right or being killed in Attica I wanted
to go to something that you just said
Viet because it it's very important for
America today I think you know after a
while after the after the coup at the
beginning I would always speak about the
CIA and what they had done because it
was a flagrant intervention in a
democratic the elected government and
after a while I stopped I stopped
speaking about the CIA sponsored cool
etc etc and the reason I did this is not
because I didn't find it to be
detestable but because I felt that it
was taking away from the role of the
Chilean people themselves in the
destruction of our own democracy and
that's very very important because when
you begin to think of the idea that
you're the victim and that the other
came in and did something terrible to
you and if only they'd left us alone
everything would be fine
first of all that's not possible in the
world right that people don't just leave
you alone to do whatever you want
we made serious mistakes a yen day is my
hero but the more serious mistakes made
during that revolution right
so to suppose for instance that Trump is
the problem is wrong he is of course a
problem but the problem is how many
people voted for him in the Homeland
Security 8 my speech book one of the
things that I keep on going back to is
this is a product of the United States
he's not alien tonight States on the
contrary he comes straight out of a
great tradition in the United States as
such right so the responsibility you I
mean you know they weren't Russians who
were voting in in in in Pennsylvania
there were Americans voting in
Pennsylvania so what made them vote in
that way what is there what rage is
there what abandonment is there of
certain people in the United States who
have very legitimate grievances and who
are taking them out in the absolutely
wrong way the same thing we can say
about Chile in what way did we on the
Left misunderstand entirely and alienate
all the people in the country who were
our natural allies in the center why
couldn't we create a great coalition you
can't win with 51% of the vote or 45% of
the vote if you're gonna change things
you need 7080 percent of what you need
all the people to agree one of the
reasons why I think literature matters
and writing matters is because one of
the things that we try to do is you try
to explain things with as much clarity
as possible so that we break down the
barriers between people I feel in Norton
that they've asked me this over and over
again how can you say you feel
compassionate for the Trump supporters
and I say yes I feel sorry for them
because they are stuck in a situation
that is in great measure not of their
making in great measure it is but they
are they are really victims themselves
of a whole of a whole history United
States why I go back and back to
American innocence in Melville and and
Faulkner and everywhere always the
problem is that of American innocence
and if we could really break down the
barriers of that innocence understand
that America is not exceptional it's not
always good it's done terrific and very
good things but if we could only I mean
you yourself your
look at you you are the typical good
gringa right no seriously it's great to
have people like you and there many
people like you right in the country
with friends like these with friends
like but but no but this matters
enormously because it indicates that we
have to think we have to think of the
past that memory you're talking about
and we have to get get over the idea
that we are victims of somebody else no
we are the arbiters of our destiny and
we're stuck in the situation we all of
us because of things that happen in the
past the immediate past the Frankenstein
past right the Republicans created Trump
right and the Democrats allowed in great
measure for Trump to rise and we have to
recognize that and if we don't we're
gonna be stuck in the situation of my
protagonist who's a very innocent
American kid and all of sudden finds
himself invaded by a face that doesn't
know who it is we have to find out who
those faces are who are the faces that
have been neglected by history who are
the others stories right they've just
opened the lynching Museum in in
Montgomery right Bryan Stevenson another
great wonderful American right if we
don't look at that we cannot understand
the killing of black and
african-american kids in in in in it we
can't understand the incarceration we
can understand the idea there's public
spectacles people went to lynchings like
they went to picnic parties right the
same way in which they went to human
zoos in my novel to watch people as if
they were monkeys so there's a history
that we have to look at and that we're
able to look at and I think as writers
especially matters that I mean I'm able
to understand things about Vietnam which
I've really studied and looked at and
thought about a lot because it's it's
the war of my generation in great
measure through vietze words I'm able to
imagine it imagine it in a different way
and that idea of the compassionate
imagination of the imagination creating
another reality that brings people
together to understand that I think it's
a it that's exhilarating as talking
about exhilaration I want to talk about
Hollywood framing these historic moments
but first I can't help notice your
tshirt yeah I just want to ask you about
this t-shirt Kelly Marie Tran the
actress in Star Wars roasty Co talked
about why you're wearing it today well
number one I don't know it's gonna be on
TV today so much more formal otherwise
but it was a big deal when this happened
and in Vietnamese two Vietnamese
actresses were actually cast in this
Star Wars movie and of course I grew is
the daughter of Vietnamese immigrants
yeah exactly
refugees I think and it's this issue of
you know having your face reflected in
on a big screen is a huge issue for
minorities in this country part of
majority privilege is taking for granted
that all the stories will be about you
and if you're minority you understand
that most of the stories are not about
you so there's enormous burdens put upon
these stories that we tell and these
people who become actors in our
representatives so when she became a
star through this it was a big deal for
me who's one of my earliest cinematic
memories is watching Star Wars on the
VCR for about a dozen times and I have a
little son he's like 40 was like four
and a half when this before when this
movie came out and I said do you know
who this is and I said no I said this is
this is Kelly Marie Tran she's
Vietnamese and she's on Star Wars and he
said I don't care and I said I'm going
to make you care and I took him to the
Lego store
I said look here's the kit what Kelly
Marie Tran it and he said I don't care I
said fine I'm gonna buy this Lego kit
and I'm gonna give it to your best
friend and he started to cry and now he
knows who Kelly marina Tran is and
whenever I ask him he says she's
Vietnamese I said that's right
at the end of your book the sympathizer
for what you won the Pulitzer Prize you
have this extended story of how
Hollywood chooses to portray the Vietnam
War and odl
you wrote the seminal book how to read
Donald Duck imperialist ideology and the
Disney comic and I want to talk about
Hollywood's framing of the stories that
are so critical for you yet let's begin
with you
well I call Hollywood the unofficial
Ministry of propaganda for this country
we don't need an official Ministry of
propaganda because
the American Dream ideology is so
powerful no one has to force Hollywood
executives to make propaganda they do it
because they're basically in agreement
with the Pentagon and so in if we talks
of specifically about the Vietnam War we
see how the complexity of this ideology
works because a lot of people will watch
movies like Apocalypse Now for example
and say that's an anti-war movie and it
may or may not be an anti-war movie but
the larger import is that it gets
everybody to see the world through an
American perspective that's very very
powerful so when I go around the world
talking about doing research on the
Vietnam War no matter where I go people
will say have you seen Apocalypse Now so
I was interviewed by Italian leftist
media after the sympathizer came out
they're opposed to the United States are
opposed to the American war in Vietnam
they think Americans are imperialists
but they love Apocalypse Now they don't
they didn't even recognize that the fact
that they were standing up for the
Vietnamese people during the Vietnam War
completely clashes with watching a movie
in which the Vietnamese are completely
silenced and are there just as the
backdrop for an American drama that's
how Hollywood operates by getting us to
always identify and see a very specific
example which I've ever heard talked
about you know one of the most famous
photographs of the Vietnamese war is of
somebody who's being executed with a gun
right the deer hunter turns that into
the exact opposite image of an American
being subjected by the Vietnamese to
this Russian Roulette turning the
Americans into victims and what I found
is Americans tend to think of themselves
very often as the victims of the Vietnam
War how could this happen to us we got
to get over the Vietnam syndrome as if
it were some sort of sickness as if
let's stop invading other countries
because we're gonna be hurt by this
right not asking about that so there you
have a typical example of that but I
also want to say you know that there are
films that the Ministry of propaganda
cannot help but make and for instance
the film missing by costa-gavras was a
film that helped me immensely in my work
against the government of General
Pinochet which is with Jack Lemmon and
[ __ ] Spacek about it just
an American kid who was disappeared of
course Charles Horman that the idea was
you could not I mean you couldn't make a
film about it disappeared Latino uh but
it had to be an American but still it
wasn't like that so when I would go to a
congressional office or to a lobbyist or
go and speak to people the first thing I
would say is have you seen missing yes
they would say all of them say yes great
let's dispense with everything else this
is what's happening to my old people you
know I was able to use that film in that
sense so I just want to say that America
is full of cracks
it's full of it's full of contradictions
and one of the things you know that that
that I find very interesting is that
there are possibilities of breaking down
those systems because they're fake and
finally reality has a way of getting
like a plant inside the the the bricks
and breaking them open in that way you
know so talk about how to read Donald
Duck right I mean look this was a book
where we're what we were doing again day
in this revolution was a socialist
democratic revolution elected by the
people of Chile and one of the ideas was
you take back everything no you take
your the foreign corporations own own
the land and they own the the mines and
the resources you nationalize that you
you have a grand reform you create a new
educational system and one of the things
that we we were interested in is we had
to create new comics but we knew no idea
of how economics worked I mean how did
this imperialist colonialist
work and we took Disney and Donald Duck
as a typical example because we were
importing millions of copies all Latin
America all the world was importing
these copies and in these continent in
