this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm one Gonzales
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world in a move to push the Supreme
Court further to the right President
Trump has nominated federal judge Brett
Kavanaugh to fill Anthony Kennedy seat
on the High Court
if Cavanaugh is confirmed it would
create a block of five right-wing
justices likely making it the most
conservative court since the 1930s
critics warn this could lead to a major
roll back of civil rights environmental
regulations gun control measures voting
rights and reproductive rights including
possibly overturning roe v wade while
running for president from openly vowed
to only nominate justices who will
overturn roe v wade last year Cavanaugh
ruled against an undocumented teenager
who sought to have an abortion
while in Federal Detention he said
allowing the abortion would make the
government quote complicit in something
that is morally objectionable Brett
Kavanaugh has also argued that sitting
president should be shielded from
criminal or civil investigations in a
2009 article for the Minnesota Law
Review Kavanagh wrote I believe the
president should be excused from some of
the burdens of ordinary citizenship
while serving in office unquote he went
on to write the indictment and trial of
a sitting president moreover would
[ __ ] the federal government on Monday
night President Trump
urged the Senate to quickly approve
Cavanaugh's nomination the rule of law
is our nation's proud heritage it is the
cornerstone of our freedom it is what
guarantees equal justice and the Senate
now has the chance to protect this
glorious heritage by sending judge Brett
Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme
Court
Brent Kavanagh has deep ties to the
Republican Party before becoming a
federal judge he served as a senior aide
under President George W Bush in the
White House counsel's office while at
the White House he met his wife who was
Bush's personal secretary
kavanah also worked for Kent Starr the
independent counsel who investigated
President Bill Clinton in 1990s Kavanagh
like Justice Neill Gorsuch clerked for
an Anthony Kennedy and like horses
before him Kavanagh is backed by the
Federalist Society and the Heritage
Foundation but both of which drew up a
list for Trump in 2016 of suitable
right-wing judges to consider for the
Supreme Court on Monday night Kavanagh
said he was honored to be considered for
Kennedy's seat 30 years ago President
Reagan nominated Anthony Kennedy the
Supreme Court the framers established
that the Constitution is designed to
secure the blessings of liberty
Justice Kennedy devoted his career to
securing Liberty I am deeply honored to
be nominated to fill his seat on the
Supreme Court on Monday night protesters
gathered outside the Supreme Court soon
after President Trump picked Brett
Kavanaugh speakers included senator
Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts he is
hostile to health care for millions of
Americans he is opposed to the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and
corporate accountability he is opposed
to the rights of women workers and
consumers he is hostile to just about
anyone who isn't wealthy and powerful
he thinks presidents like Trump should
be above the law and
and conservatives know he would overturn
Roe vs. Wade
[Music]
I I will be voting no senator Elizabeth
Warren speaking outside the Supreme
Court Monday night we're about a
thousand people gathered we'll spend the
rest of today's show looking at the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the
Supreme Court will begin in Washington
DC where we're joined by Ian Milhiser
senior fellow at the Center for American
Progress Action Fund editor of Think
Progress justice he's the author of the
book in justices the Supreme Court's
history of comforting the comfortable
and afflicting the afflicted Ian
Milhiser welcome to Democracy Now can
you give us a biography of president
Trump's choice to replace Anthony
Kennedy Brett Kavanaugh sure I mean this
guy looks like he was grown in a vat by
the Republican establishment he
literally went to the same elite prep
school with Niall Gorsuch I think they
might have even been in the exact same
class you know he graduated from Yale
twice clerked for Justice Kennedy he
worked for Ken Starr the the Clinton
Inquisitor he worked at an elite law
firm was a very senior aide to President
Bush and then for these last this last
decade he's been on the DC Circuit the
second most powerful court in the
country where he was a consistent
antagonist of environmental regulations
where he said that he would have struck
down he didn't just say he was struck
down net neutrality said that net
neutrality violates the First Amendment
where he was a very big proponent of gun
rights and and moved to strike down DC
gun laws so an issue after issue
abortion birth control he's got a really
thick record and he's very consistently
voted with the right on issue after
issue but if you can tell us the
positions also that he has occupied over
time specifically we're working with
President George W Bush involved in his
actual election and the recap right I
believe he believed he may have even
worked on the Bush v Gore case he went
on to become what's called staff
secretary in the White House which is a
very important job the stats the staff
secretary handle
every piece of paper that crosses the
President's desk and I think that's
significant because the thing about
judge Cavanaugh isn't just that he's
very right-wing and isn't just that he
wants to dismantle much of the federal
government if that he's extraordinarily
smart and through that experience
handling literally every piece of paper
that crossed presidents President Bush's
desk he has a very sophisticated
understanding of how the government
works you know where the leverage points
are where if he strikes down this
regulation here it leads to a lot of the
EPA unraveling and so he is going to be
very very effective in his mission of
dismantling a great deal of the
administrative state and you've written
though also about his role and would you
call weaponizing the First Amendment
some of the cases that he's decided
really extending First Amendment rights
to groups that normally we wouldn't
consider the First Amendment applying so
specifically you talked about the United
States telecom versus FCC his impact on
net neutrality as well as other cases
that seem to bend over backwards to give
First Amendment rights to corporations
right I mean this is something we've
seen it's a major project of the Roberts
Court
you know just recently they nuked a lot
of the funding that public sector unions
are gonna be able to receive and they
did that under the theory that when
unions bargain that is a First Amendment
matter and so therefore there can be
strict restrictions on the Union the
same are very similar logic is what
judge Cavan are used when he argued that
net neutrality is is unconstitutional
his claim was that if you regulate the
Internet service providers ability to
not slow down certain certain content
then that is regulating their ability to
determine which speech you get through
their pipelines and so that's a
violation of the First Amendment I
suspect we're going to see this
reasoning I mean again this is a major
project of the Roberts Court is to
transform the First Amendment which is
supposed to be about free speech into a
vehicle for deregulating business and
what he has shown in that net neutrality
case
he is eager to jump onto this project
and probably had some new ideas for
other places they can go let's go to
Supreme Court justice nominee Brett
Kavanaugh speaking last night at the
White House my judicial philosophy is
straightforward a judge must be
independent and must interpret the law
not make the law a judge must interpret
statutes as written and a judge must
interpret the Constitution as written
informed by history and tradition and
precedent for the past 11 years I've
taught hundreds of students primarily at
Harvard Law School I teach that the
Constitution's separation of powers
protects individual liberty Supreme
Court justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh
speaking last night after President
Trump announced his nomination in
Milhiser he was chosen by the Federalist
Society that's the list that President
Trump was using to make his choice
explain what the Federalist Society is
sure so The Federalist Society is an
organization of conservative lawyers
it's been around for a really long time
and what's interesting about the
Federalist Society is it sort of
benefits from this cycle where everyone
knows if you wanted a judgeship from a
Republican president or if you want a
job in a Republican administration the
way to do that is you get a job or you
get involved in the federal society when
you're a law student you ingratiate
yourself to them and then they dole out
favors and so because everyone knows
that they're the ones that can dole out
those goodies it's the self-perpetuating
cycle where people get involved with the
organization because they know it's the
place to go and that means that the best
conservative lawyers are getting
involved with it the the mechanism
business provides that the Federalist
Society has moved very very far to the
right in recent years you know they were
one of the incubators for this idea that
the affordable care act is
unconstitutional recently they've grown
obsessed with dismantling federal
agencies like the EPA or the Department
of Labor
and those are those are all ideas that
just weren't on the table 10 years ago
so what's happened is the Federalist
Society has become the place where if
you're ambitious and you want to get a
good job in a Republican administration
and you're a lawyer you have to go
through them and they take more and more
right-wing positions which doesn't just
you know mean that they're taking those
positions it means that every ambitious
Republican lawyer in the country feels
like they have to take these extreme
positions or they're just not going to
advance their career I want to turn to
Leonard Leo the president of the
Federalist Society who was appearing on
CBS this morning last week he was
questioned by Norah O'Donnell but you
have really been credited along with the
Federal Society of being involved in
really the the picks for the last three
Supreme Court justices Roberts the chief
Alito and Gorsuch would you say that
that's true well presidents always make
these choices but there's no question
that there's been a long-standing
movement in the United States to appoint
judges to the court or gonna interpret
the laws it's written and I'm a part of
that certainly three concerns on the
court let me read this has been said
about you quote no one has been more
dedicated to the enterprise of building
a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe
vs. Wade
than the federal societies leonard leo
do you believe with this pick replacing
kennedy could finally be the nail in the
coffin of abortion rights roe v wade has
been a scare tactic that's gone back 36
years all the way back to justice sandra
O'Connor's nomination to the court and
you know nothing has happened to Roe in
that period of time and for me it's not
about roe v wade for constitutional
conservatives that's not what it's about
it's about interpreting the Constitution
as it's written
and basically interpreting the limits on
government power because that's really
the way to preserve human dignity in our
contract so can you talk about Leonard
Lyon specifically his his role and the
reports that he's a a member of the
Knights of Malta a secret right-wing
organization within the Catholic Church
and and his role specifically in the
vetting of these nominees of the
Republican presidents and not especially
President Trump to the court yeah I mean
Leonard Lear's a very very conservative
who sits very close to the apex of this
federalist society network that I was
just describing and he he just knows who
everyone is I mean that's his value to
Republican presidents is that when you
become president you have to fill
literally thousands of jobs and over the
course of your presidency potentially
hundreds of judgeships and most
presidents just aren't going to know
like who's the person will make a good
trial lawyer in Idaho for example
Leonard Leo is the guy who knows all
those people are he spent his entire
career you know getting getting scotch
with these people and having breakfast
with these people and getting to know
who the reliable consistently very
conservative judges our lawyers are that
he can then advise presidents to put on
the bench and so that's why they use him
I do also want to push back against a
few things that he said I mean first of
all of course Cavanaugh is gonna
overrule roe v-- wade I I mean they've
got four votes already who were willing
to uphold a Texas law that was just a
sham law and intended to shut down
abortion clinics Cavanaugh is going to
be the fifth he's criticized roe v--
wade he said that it was a freewheeling
decision he wrote an opinion just last
year that used a very took a very
aggressive posture said that the the
Trump administration could literally
imprison women to delay their ability to
have an abortion so this is not a guy
who's going to stay his and when it
comes to roe v-- wade I think that mr.
leo doesn't wants to wants to muddy the
waters a bit because there's two
Republican senators Susan Collins and
Lisa Murkowski who claim to be
pro-choice and at the very least they
want to have deniability if they vote
for Kavanagh but there's no denial of a
wade period and we're going to talk more
about that in our next segment see in
Milhiser want to thank you for being
with a senior fellow at the center of
American Progress Action Fund editor of
Think Progress justice will link to your
piece who is Brett Kavanaugh Trump's
pick to replace Anthony Kennedy this is
democracy now stay with us
[Music]
