here on democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
with nermeen Shaikh on Tuesday night
president Trump became the third
president in a row to attempt to put a
positive spin on the born of Honest on
the longest war in US history
our warriors in Afghanistan have new
rules of engagement
along with their heroic Afghan partners
our military is no longer undermined by
artificial timelines and we no longer
tell our enemies our plans years earlier
President Barack Obama predicted at his
2013 State of the Union that the war
would soon be over our forces will move
into a support role while Afghan
security forces take the lead tonight I
can announce that over the next year
another 34,000 American troops will come
home from Afghanistan this drawdown will
continue and by the end of next year our
war in Afghanistan will be over and back
in 2005 President George W Bush used his
State of the Union I think it was 2006
to praise Afghanistan for building a
quote new democracy we remain on the
offensive in Afghanistan again we're a
fine president in a national assembly
are fighting terror while building the
institutions of a new democracy well
more than 16 years after the u.s.
warrant of honnest on began the country
remains in a state of crisis on Saturday
more than a hundred people died in Kabul
when an ambulance packed with explosives
blew up
then on Monday Islamic state militants
carried out an early morning attack on a
military academy in the western
outskirts of the capital of Kabul
killing at least 11 troops and wounding
16 for more we go to Kabul Afghanistan
where we're joined by investigative
reporter may Chow her most recent piece
for the intercept is titled losing sight
a four-year-old girl was the sole
survivor of a US drone strike in
Afghanistan then she disappeared
mahjongg is also a Logan nonfiction
fellow at the Kerry Institute for Global
good and a visiting scholar at New York
University's Arthur o Carter journalism
Institute May it's great to have you
with us joining us from Kabul first
respond to this incredibly bloody week
in Afghanistan in in the ring of steel
and Kabul yes as you Amy and I mean
mentioned it's
terrible terrible winter really for
Afghanistan just prefer coming on air I
was talking to my colleagues about the
bloodbath that has been you know Kabul
for the past couple weeks apart from the
mo the massive attack the mo I on the mo
I wrote the Ministry of Interior road
and the Military Academy there's also
been the Intercontinental Hotel that has
been attacked in a nearby city in
Jalalabad saved the children office an
NGO there was attacked as well and
there's really there's a real sense of a
Christian doing of violence and there's
real helplessness among the people about
the lack of options that are you know
provided for them and also massive
grievance and resentment today there was
a protest in front of the embassy in
Pakistan here in Kabul organized by
civil society members who wanted to you
know protest the the the absence lack of
action on part of the Afghan government
which is exactly the thing that the
message that the Taliban was hoping to
to send you know these spectacular
attacks they are in a way you you you
they could be PR disasters in a way for
the insurgent group most most of the
people who die are civilian civilians
but they do this because the message
that they want to send to the public is
telling them that your government cannot
protect you it's this it's become this
sick popularity contest on us between
the Afghan state and there is insurgent
groups the Taliban Isis Haqqani network
you know being being among the the big
ones but the other the the the other
note that you detect among the people
here is that for foreign foreigners
watching from abroad this week seems
very bloody but this kind of atrocity
happens on a daily basis and provinces
that we have no you know access to never
mind the fact that the war has been
ongoing and the the NATO wars we call it
here has been ongoing for 17 years and
even before that there's
the Civil War the Russian you know
Soviet occupation and and yeah I mean
people here have been living with this
kind of conflict sorry there's a
speaking with the NATO helicopter
overhead so you might be able to hear me
but it's been a continuation of conflict
in various iterations and with that has
come various coping mechanisms one of
which is humor and so my colleague and I
were talking about how at this protest
earlier people who had you know they
were meant to have been burning the flag
of Pakistan which can be confused with
the national flag of Nigeria and so
there were some protesters were
mistakenly burning a Nigerian flag and
you know there was there was a rare
respite from this sort of a moment of
unexpected humor but that's what people
do here to to get by because otherwise
taking everything really internalizing
everything that happens I think is you
know that way lies insanity for a lot of
people well may you talked about the
fact that this protest that took place
in Kabul took place outside the box
Thani embassy and the protesters were
burning the Pakistani flag can you talk
about the role of Pakistan the Pakistani
state and military intelligence services
in Afghanistan in particular their
relationship to two of the three groups
that you mentioned insurgent groups that
thala ban and the Haqqani network of
course it's widely established now that
the Taliban Haqqani network have their
say hip safe havens in Pakistan which is
the way they've been managed they've
managed to operate consolidate their
power and also you know arrange for
funding streams and it's a very
contentious controversial topic here
President Ashraf Ghani when he first
came to power in late 2014 used a lot of
his political power
I'm political Kapil pardon me to try to
negotiate peace by going straight to his
llama bod but that did not that didn't
meant anything and but the reason why he
did that was because he
you know like all the you know the head
of state before him understood that if
you want to have a peacenik you know
peace settlement with the Taliban it's
not just that particular insurgent group
pardon me that you are dealing with it's
all these other stakeholders of the
conflict that are at play you know we
often talk about the war in Afghanistan
as a proxy war who are the beautiful are
the proxies Afghanistan Iran Pakistan
who are their backers I mean the the
obvious one for the Afghan government
right now is you know the American
government and on the other side for the
Taliban it is the the government of
Pakistan and president Donald Trump has
been making a lot of public statements
about how he wants to you know cut
funding to force the Pakistan state to
you know force them into submission but
I mean the American policy towards
Pakistan I mean of course and also
Afghanistan has been very inconsistent
and so it's no wonder that the actors
don't respond to these incentive
structures that are presented to them it
was clear for them how long is a lot
let's talk about the u.s. role you just
did a very important piece called losing
sight a four-year-old girl was the sole
survivor of a US drone strike in
Afghanistan and then she disappeared
talk about this story and its
significance for what the US is doing
there I think the important thing to
know about know about notes about this
story is that it's about a specific
Jarek oh just one of them one of many
there's been hundreds and hundreds over
the course of you know the duration of
the war here this particular strike
happened in September of 2013 there was
a family traveling in a pickup truck
from Asadabad which is the provincial
capital of Kunar province Kunar province
is to the east of Kabul that's where
lone survivor was shot you know for
audiences who might be aware of that or
Restrepo as well the documentary by
Sebastian Junger and Tim Hetherington
and at from Assad about they set off
midday and there they were on their way
to save Gambier province which is in the
Pech Valley which is where majority of
the
the family members are from and along
the way there's truck was hit by what
the American military calls the
precision strike and everyone died
except for a four year old girl who was
then taken to a hospital hospital pardon
me in another town called Jalalabad and
then to a French roll through hospital
in Kabul the military hospital here she
came to prominence among in the Afghan
local media initially because President
Karzai who was the head of state at the
time who had been you know increasing me
you know growing vocal about his anger
and discontent and the preponderance of
civilian casualties incurred by NATO the
foreign troops went to go see her and
then in successive remarks publicly he
had he would sort of often evoke her as
one of the many reasons why he did not
want to sign this thing called the
bilateral security agreement this is the
the BSA is the the the the Memorandum of
Understanding that allows for foreign
troops to remain of in Afghanistan and
the negotiation for the PSA was ongoing
at the time in 2013 and then onwards
into 2014 and when he was often asked
about his recalcitrance for you know
signing the agreement he would you know
mention this girl Aisha as well as you
know many other you know instances of
wedding parties being bombed houses
being bombed mothers and fathers you
know taking their children's to school
being bombed you mean the the countless
you know attacks that have happened on
civilians during this the war here and
my investigation really tried to bore
into what happens to just one of them
and the the human cost of this policy
that we call clean I mean we have all
these you know words like you know it
being a precision strike where it's the
Germans are meant to be the sane or
option to the bloodiness
of ground ground battle but really as I
mentioned in the piece we don't we don't
at times you don't even know who we kill
well may a lot of people suggest though
that US and other NATO ground troops are
necessary
Honus tan to maintain a modicum of
security a BBC study found yesterday
which was just published yesterday found
that the Taliban are now operative in 70
percent of the country which is of
course far more than was the case in in
2014 so could you respond to that I mean
do you think despite these casualties
the girl I shall whom you mentioned that
a US presence is is necessary in of Hana
saunas as some suggest absolutely not
the the places where people suffer the
most are in contested areas where
they're still battle between government
forces and various insurgent groups you
mentioned that seventy percent of the
country is under Taliban control areas
that are there safely with one side of
the other are not being fought over
therefore there is no you know active
battle there I think that's something
that we often forget there's you know
over the past 17 years there's been a
lot of money that's been spent on you
know gender initiatives and you know
promoting women's rights and children's
rights and capacity-building exercises
and and all this stuff and it's all very
good but I think what people often
forget is that even before we can get to
the part of being enlightened during
part or whatever most Afghans you know
their primary desires to live and not to
die and for that to happen the war needs
to end and why is the war continuing the
work continues because there's no
understanding of the fact that we are in
a stalemate and both sides are suffering
both sides cling on to this delusional
fiction that a military victory is
possible and in President Trump is still
talking about the fact that he still
subscribes this insane logic that what
we actually need to do is to advance the
war so that we negotiate from an
advantage I mean that what is the
definition of insanity it's doing the
same thing over and over again and
expecting different results and as you
Amy earlier mentioned the state of Union
speeches are tragic for the fact that
you know they're just iterations of the
the one that
come before when it comes to Afghanistan
nothing has changed so what makes us
think that this mini surge that
President Trump is allowed general
mattis - you know go ahead with that's
gonna make any difference but under
President Obama we had 140,000 soldiers
in country and that didn't change
anything we're gonna lose the satellite
in a minute but I wanted to ask you
about this meeting President Trump had
with members of the UN Security Council
rejecting the idea of peace talks with
the Taliban what is your assessment of
this it's it's it's a real shame it
saddens me personally deeply there's a
certain momentum that's been built with
these peace talks I mean the fact that
we haven't on whatever you feel about
the Taliban I mean I think we can all
agree that having you know dialogue is a
good thing and you know a lot of
resources that been spent trying to get
people onto the negotiating table and
for a head of state of a major country
that is a big player in the war to come
out saying you know denouncing the whole
process really takes back that you know
the the prospects for peace by many many
years I mean people people don't talk we
just lost the satellite but that's made
young who's an investigative reporter
based in Kabul Afghanistan her most
recent piece will link to it the
intercept called losing sight a
four-year-old girl was the sole survivor
of a US drone strike in Afghanistan then
she disappeared this is democracy now
democracynow.org the war and peace
report when we come back a new book is
out it's called lost connections will
look at the issue of antidepressants
depression and the best treatments for
very common malady stay with us
