[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez sorry
to bother you is a blockbuster film it's
out now and over 800 theaters going to
expand like over a thousand theaters we
saw it first at Sundance in January it
is an astounding film at so many
different levels actually boots if you
can talk about why you chose the title
mm well it's a it's it's you know just
as an artist I'm really into titles and
sometimes doing strange things with it
sometimes doing so that's part of the
fun to me and this is one it's a catchy
title because it's one that we use and
it is something that telemarketers use
all the time however the other side of
it is is that often when you're telling
someone something that is different from
how they view things different from how
they view the world it feels like an
annoyance or a bother and you are this
amazing I don't know if you use the term
device or whatever that you use in the
film where the telemarketer crashes into
the home of each person they call talk
about that well I wanted to you know in
this film I wanted not only to for us to
see cassius going through things and for
us to empathize with him because there's
a way to do that in an actor can do that
but I want it for the audience to feel
like they were going through it with him
and because so much of this film is
about having that revelatory experience
having this visceral experience that
mimics the what happens when you
discover new ideas that change your view
of the world so this is an early on
device that I use one also just to
signal people just that this is not no
no film so they don't get too worried as
it goes on but also just so that people
feel how that so that I could show that
uncomfortableness that awkwardness that
intrusion that happens well that's
always fascinating because obviously as
of every American can identify with me
harassed by telemarketers yeah and hang
up the phone that's somebody who calls
you and you and you do it so well in
terms of him coming into the living room
and then suddenly boom the phone hung up
and but it's almost I don't know if
you've noticed it but I believe that the
Republican administrations just seems
that telemarketing increases right
Democrats try to curb it a little bit
they never ended and but it I've noticed
an increase in the telemarketing just in
the last two years haven't researched it
honestly yeah but but I thought you've
done a fantastic job of that and really
really uh it's something that everyone
can identify with yeah yeah I think I
think we can I mean what what this film
does talk about which is also kind of
related to telemarketing is just us
being marketed to and what we're being
sold other than the product that is
being sold to us you know what ideas you
know through this thing in the movie
there's all sorts of advertisements and
billboards and they all have to do with
things that were ideas that we're being
sold that aren't just products in part
one of this discussion we talked about
the white voice so I wanted to turn
right now to Cassius green your
protagonist in the film who uses a white
voice and sorry to bother you to rise in
the ranks of telemarketers actors Patton
Oswalt and David Cross the comedian's
play the white voices in the film or at
least they're two of them here they talk
about their role in the film finding my
white voice well you know it was
it was a difficult process now I have I
have a very very you know Street urban
accent if you could put a Brooks
Brothers jacket and a pair of Dockers on
a voice well that's that's what we got
how much white is too white for this
voice I would say if you're pronouncing
the letter H in the word white you've
gone to white white voice at all times
here I almost forgot a lot of people
were adamant that I not do this they
were anxious for me to fail the guy from
The Hollywood Reporter Sean Hannity guy
from The Telegraph Oh keen Woodbine your
young daughter who is just born every
shift manager and every Bennigan's I've
ever either eaten in or worked in this
was definitely one of the harder things
I've done this and then also when I
played the lead role in Veronica Mars
practicing repeatedly every day I would
set the alarm 6:15 and I would do it
classic we're gonna be late for soccer
we're going to be late for soccer we're
going to be late for soccer
yeah that's tunne yeah I got it Patton
Oswalt did the where our we're gonna be
late it's three hour time difference I'm
in New York he's in LA he's probably
still glad people talk about a cultural
appropriation
I had to culturally disapprobation even
me a number of words that aren't
necessarily associated with this kind of
thing I've gotten the Peabody
Booker award Caldecott no it's just an
award for illustrating children's books
come time for the white voice Oscars I
think a lot of people gonna be eating
some crow
so that's the comedians patton oswalt
and david cross talking about playing
these white voices in the film let's say
patton oswalt and David Cross they were
the first ones to sign on to this movie
when there was no money no no producers
just me with a script and an email you
know so let's talk about that talk about
the film because well it seems like it
was such an amazing commentary on well
this era under Trump you wrote this long
before that who wrote this during the
Obama years I've been I finished it in
2012 and kind of and I always bring this
up because as proof we published it
McSweeney's as its own paperback book in
2014 and it's interesting because people
are like what did you change to fit the
Arab nothing except for a couple lines
because things the world had made my
script too on the nose
there was a line from omaree hardwoods
character who's mister which is just mr.
with seven underscores his character
originally in the 2014 version says
worry-free is making America great again
and and you know I feel very guilty if
somebody read that McSweeney's thing
that was on on the Trump campaign you
know and then you know there's a thing
that happens with a Cola ad there's some
what well anyway I don't want to talk
about it but it's always hard when you
have so many sort of groundbreaking
moments to know what one is a spoiler
and wetness and so I'm not really in
that world where you're supposed to know
what you're supposed to say enough but I
did want to ask you about army hammer
even his own background who's very
interesting but you know this is a
searing anti-capitalist film one of the
most striking characters is Armie Hammer
who is the he plays a kind of Elon Musk
be Zoe's character mastermind behind
worry free that profits off of slave
labor talk about his character how you
chose army hammer comes from the Armand
Hammer family yep
his name is Armand Hammer alright look
let's put it like this
armie hammer is a wonderful person
and he gave so much to making this film
happen I mean even I mean let's talk
before we talk about his skill level of
mastery of his craft I mean he he was on
a tour for Pixar because he's the voice
in one of the cars movies and he was he
wanted to go over the lines with with
the Keith and he made Pixar fly him from
London where they were promoting the
movie on his day off Flo flew him from
London for a day to Oakland and then
back just to make you know because he
wanted to give the film his all and I
chose him because every because army
hammer is such a lovable dude that and
and it really represents where the idea
of capitalism is right now it's the new
capitalism is there's no capitalism here
what are you talking about you know it's
like this is this is not a workplaces as
a beanbag room you and I'm not your boss
I'm your friend who tells you what to do
and so as opposed to the oil baron idea
you know these are the cool people that
everyone loves and generic economy yeah
and and and and so army is is was
perfect for that and and also he's you
know very into research and I feel like
he really nailed this character and gave
it a psychosis that
is very very friendly to the media you
know you retweeted an onion piece jeff
bezos tables latest breakthrough
cost-cutting idea after realizing it's
just like yeah and they write seattle
deciding at the last minute to hold off
due to ethical concerns i'm a son
founder CEO Jeff Bezos reportedly set
aside his latest cost-cutting initiative
Wednesday after realizing it was
actually human slavery on the surface
that seemed plausible owning our
employees bodies implementing a
mandatory 18-hour workday restricting
their movements and not compensating
them with anything besides minimal food
and shelter but then it started to sound
really familiar in a bad way said B's
those who acknowledge these fears were
confirmed when Amazon's General Counsel
kept reporting back but such labor
arrangements had been illegal throughout
the United States since 1865 now again
that's an onion peaceful for people who
don't know this is terrible news it's
not true meaning yeah it's a and I yeah
I think and although the way they lay it
out there is illegal there are so many
things so the worry free in our piece
the real exaggeration is just that it's
happening in the US as opposed to where
it already is happening and in other
countries and that US corporations are
knowingly involved in the the production
that comes out of the this this kind of
labor I mean it's not exactly what's
happening but it's pretty close you know
it's interesting like a lot of people
talk about labor conditions in China but
and but which were spurred on by the US
as a matter of fact this is what the
students were fighting for in Tiananmen
Square was the right to become
management at these companies
the idea that they should let capitalism
and more so they could become the
management at these companies right
there so when we talk about all the
symbols of fighting for our style of
democracy it ends up with worryfree like
work centers you know I had by students
at Rutgers University doing
investigations of Amazon and one of the
things they Amazon at one point it was
requiring their employees to to line up
and be searched on the way out and of
course these they operating these huge
warehouses so that they it would take
the workers sometimes half an hour to
get out of work while they waited online
to be searched on the way out the door
they went to court and the Supreme Court
upheld in the decision that because the
workers wanted to be paid they said if
you're requiring us to wait on line to
be searched on the way out yes for that
time Supreme Court said no that that
you're not required to pay an employee
once they're off even even if it's a
requirement to search them so I mean
you've got this situation this it is
virtual slavery in a lot of these huge
warehouses that people never see because
we just get our Amazon Prime and we
don't care how it comes to us now and
unless we open up what's going on in a
lot of these places
Wow yeah I think I guess this is what
the the the film kind of addresses is
that we might know something like we'll
hear that piece of information but we
hear that piece of information what can
we do with it right you're like okay
that's something I can't do anything
about and we file it away and it's not
apathy it's you know it's it's the fact
that we don't have the movements that
are able to or we don't have them big
enough yet the movements that are able
to address this movements that are that
that are actually confronting capital by
withholding labor those are the things
we need and for too long the left has
gone away from class struggle like we've
gone away from class struggle in favor
of spectacle and hidden in the arts and
academia so a lot of our biggest fights
are sometimes about not what we're
saying but how we're saying it and I
agree how we're saying things are
important it means though that we have
to look at how the working class is
talking and what they really mean as
opposed to just trying to adjust how
people are talking and making a movement
around things that we can do something
about because then people have a real
choice of what they want to get involved
in people are you know it's not that
people don't hear that story for
instance and think it's ridiculous but
even me I'm sitting here like okay how
do I is this something I can do let me
move on from this like what what you
know throwing up my hands and so I think
that it's people are looking for new
ways to do things and I think that it's
time for us to have new and I've been on
this show saying this before so new
radical militant in the sense that they
keep out scabs radical and militant in
the sense that they break the existing
labor laws and have these new radical
and militant labor movements and you
know that doesn't necessarily mean the
existing unions but if they want to come
along and up the ante that's great but
there's only 7% of something like seven
percent of the u.s. workforce is
unionized and some of that has to do
with some of the laws that have been
enacted since the 40s and also some of
the anti-communist stuff but you know
the taft-hartley laws make it so you
can't do solidarity strikes and the
reason why they
so you can't do solidary strikes because
they're effective and so we need a labor
movement that's going to break those
laws because as we see the laws that are
existing are going to make this the
current ways of organizing unions much
harder so you know and and this is
almost also a call out to folks that
consider their self radicals like we're
willing to go to jail for statements
sometimes for demonstrations and which
is good but maybe if we were part of
leading this kind of new radical labor
movement
we'd go to jail for breaking the laws
that that bring people hikes and wages
that then also make for a movement that
could handle other social justice issues
with with strikes I was sorry to bother
you fit into that picture of organizing
and they must be very interesting for
you is a well-known anti-capitalist
artist and organizer an analyst
communist marxist Marx didn't say
something like I myself am NOT a Marxist
so too now you have sorry to bother you
which is you know this breakout film to
navigate this world of film that is a
work of art political statement but also
a almost a consumer product and you're
you must be negotiating non-stop I'm
dealing with this very successful film
in a capitalist world yeah I mean it's
never been my mission to create a
separate safer capitalist model because
that's what it would be doing you know
there's like let's create this other
distribution network whatever which if
you're operating under capitalism ends
up being just a baby capitalist model
that is maybe not as effective as the
ones that exist so it is I mean I wasn't
there but I believe how even the
Communist Manifesto got out was that the
the books were distributed the these
books are sold
so even mark sold books right
so and it wasn't because he's like I
need to create something inside of
capitalism that shows this model I mean
we've been seeing that for a long time I
mean the US have has had socialist
communes since the 1800s and the idea
and weak and as artists to would give
ourselves that outlet I'm creating a
model you know and that other people can
emulate and it's really just a cop-out
because it's harder to organize people
and get them to to get involved in a
movement it's easier to find other
people that already agree with you and
then do that thing and what was it like
working with the Oakland cops you were
fierce critic of police officers but in
your film you must have had to do a lot
you have to well there was a lot of
degrees of separation but so that I
didn't actually have to and I think they
know who I am so they're just kind of
like not talking to me but but yeah you
have to you have to get a permit right
to in order to do that so we have
locations managers for that and stuff
like that so yeah that's that's the
thing like even if you were to create a
collective bakery you're gonna have to
get a permit and all sorts of things
with the the cops so it's it's you know
that's just a level of operation I want
to ask you in terms of both spectacle
and also the movement figuring out ways
to move forward a lot of the folks who
have been involved in activist movement
over the years then ended up going into
especially after the Bernie Sanders
phenomena electoral politics we're
seeing many more so-called progressives
or radicals getting elected to office
what do you think about that route as a
as a means of being able to affect
social change well here's what I think I
think in arguably the two biggest
reforms under capitalism in the
twentieth century
might be the New Deal in the civil
rights bill right and how did we get
either of them was it by electing the
right person or was it by having a
movement that was able to disrupt the
invite let me be very clear about what I
mean by disrupt in the 20s and 30s in
the United States it's been said that
there were a million card-carrying
communists and at the same time we had
places like Alabama Utah Montana
Oklahoma where there were for instance
mining strikes where that that were
going on and in places like Alabama
there were even like conflicts armed
conflicts with the miners and and in
private security in the Midwest at that
same time during that same era
you had people occupying and shutting
down factories on the west coast during
that same era
you had the longshoremen creating their
Union and a bunch of workers that were
thought of as like lower lower skill
than we think of fast-food workers at
the right now who fought against you
know militias state militias in order to
create their union that's happening at
the same time during that same time
somewhat unrelated I mean pretty
unrelated there was a thing called the
bonus march where people where where
World War one veteran's marched on the
White House and for their bonus checks
in large numbers and many thought to be
carrying arms it revolutions happening
around the world in that milieu is where
we got the New Deal it wasn't because
the radicals and progressives band
together and we're like we need to be
put in all our energy into the electing
FDR they made that happen now so that's
not to say
get somebody in office but what that
does do though
when you're doing that it's a question
of where we put in our resources where
we put in our time where we put you know
what happens is movements get subverted
because right now there's only so much
time and energy and the first people to
act are going to be the ones that we
need and if everybody's putting their
time into the electoral site we're gonna
get caught in this loop where you get a
an elected official in there and they're
not able to do much because there's not
the movement to do things you need you
need to be it we need to get to the
