this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Ned meanshe
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
judge Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court
confirmation hearing enters its third
day today on wednesday Capitol Police
arrested 73 people protesting
Cavanaugh's nomination the protests
began almost immediately when Senate
Judiciary Committee Chair Chuck Grassley
tried to begin the hearing it was only
our time as committee members that we
wasted on disruption and disorder
[Music]
[Applause]
protesters included women's March
organizers from 26 states among them was
a teenager who stood on a chair and said
quote I am 18 and I'm here for the youth
of the country you're ruining my future
when questioned about judicial
independence Kavanagh said quote no one
is above the law in our constitutional
system but he refused to answer senator
dianne feinstein about whether a
president has to respond to a subpoena
my time's gonna run out very quickly let
me just ask you this can a sitting
president be required to respond to a
subpoena so that's a hypothetical
question about what would be an
elaboration or a difference forum US v
Nixon's precise holding yes and I think
going with the Justice Ginsburg
principle which is really not the
Justice Ginsburg alone principle it's
everyone's principle on the current
Supreme Court and as a matter of the
canons of judicial independence I can't
give you an answer on that hypothetical
question judge Cavanaugh also faced
questions on gun control and roe v wade
which he called quote an important
precedent of the Supreme Court that has
been reaffirmed many times Senator
Lindsey Graham asked for clarity about
Cavanaugh's outlook on the use of
military force after the 9/11
attacks so when somebody says post 9/11
that we've been at war and it's called
the war on terrorism do you generally
agree with that concept
I do Center because Congress passed the
authorization for use of military force
which is still in effect for more we're
joined by two guests here in New York
Hina Shamsi is the director of the
American Civil Liberties Union's
National Security Project she recently
wrote a piece titled
on national security Kavanagh has a
history of extreme deference to the
President and Vince Warren's executive
director of the Center for
Constitutional Rights which joined more
than 180 groups in a statement opposing
judge Kavanagh s confirmation saying
he's an ideological extremists who lacks
the fair-mindedness necessary to serve a
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court we welcome you both to Democracy
Now Vince let's begin with you this
letter that you wrote why are you so
deeply concerned about judge Kavanagh if
you look back at Judge Cavanaugh's
record what you see is someone who is
deeply deeply hostile towards the rights
that flow to people and Republicans will
talk about him as a centrist as someone
who's fair and somebody who follows the
law but they're looking at it the wrong
way if you look at this particular
nominee on the spectrum of are they in
favor of presidential and state power
and corporate power versus are they in
favor of people power almost invariably
he will go as deeply as he can towards
state and corporate power whether we're
talking about reproductive rights racial
justice voting rights it's a disaster
and I think that's an important time for
us because with ended Anthony Kennedy
vacating the seat we're really looking
at several decades of a very hard right
Supreme Court that's going to be a real
challenge for the legal organizations
that are trying to vindicate the rights
of the people and hena I mean in
addition to what Vince pointed out about
the fact that Cavanaugh tends to side
with state and corporate power your
piece is called
on national security Cavanaugh has a
history of extreme deference to the
president so talk about your concerns
about him with respect to the positions
that he's taken
in cases he's been involved in on
national security issues so the ACLU as
a matter of policy doesn't take
positions for or against Supreme Court
nominees but we do think it's incredibly
important for Congress and the public to
be informed about their record and we
analyzed judge Cavanaugh's national
security cases and found that he has
extreme deference to presidential claims
of unchecked authority in the name of
war national security a hostility to
enforcing constraints imposed by binding
international law on government action
again in the name of war national
security and an unwillingness to
recognize judicial remedies for
individuals who've been harmed by
constitutional in human rights
violations speaking of human rights
violations judge Kavanagh said under
oath during his 2006 confirmation to the
appellate court in DC he's not involved
in the bush administration rules
governing detention of combatants
senator dick durbin pushback on this
claim at Wednesday's hearing but
Kavanagh still insisted his testimony
was accurate we're involved in the
discussions about access to counsel for
detainees you confirm this during the
meeting we had in my office and there
are multiple media reports as well you
were involved in discussions regarding
detained u.s. combatants yasser Hamdi
and Jose Padilla you confirm that in our
meetings and there are emails that
support that fact you were involved and
this is what I want to be specific about
you were involved with President Bush's
2005 signing statement on Senator John
McCain's amendment banning cruel inhuman
and degrading treatment of detainees and
you confirm that in the meeting there
were no exceptions and your answer given
to me in 2006 not for litigation or
detainee access to counsel or the McCain
Torture amendment so if those three
based on the limited documents which
we've been given or obvious what were
you trying to tell me here did you
really disclose
accurately your role yes I understood
the question then and my answer then and
I understood Stan I understood the
question then and the answer then and I
understand the question now and the
answer now to be 100% accurate so that
was judge Cavanaugh when he was asked
again about his role on the Bush
administration's torture program the
torture report released by senator
Feinstein showed he was not aware of the
program the policies that are reflected
and described in senator Feinstein's
extensive thorough report were very
controversial as you know senator the
enhanced interrogation techniques and
the legal memos that were involved in
justifying some of those techniques also
were very controversial when they were
disclosed in 2004 and I was not involved
I was not read into that program not
involved in crafting that program nor
crafting the legal justifications for
that program in addition to senator
Feinstein's report the Justice
Department did a lengthy Office of
Professional Responsibility report about
the legal memos that had been involved
to justify some of those programs my
name's not in that report senator
because I was not read into that program
and not involved so that's judge
Cavanaugh speaking at the hearing which
was continually interrupted by
protesters too crying everything from
human rights and many other issues
Heena Shamsi can you translate this all
for us what do we know and what don't we
know about Cavanaugh's involvement in
these decisions during the Bush
administration whom he served for a
number of years what documents have been
released what haven't what's on the
record and what about what he actually
was willing to admit you know
pointing Li little is on the record and
part of the reason for that is that as
Democratic senators have pointed out
they have they do not have the majority
of the records from Judge Cavanaugh's
time in the White House he held two
different positions in the White House
and they don't have the majority of
records from that time and I think one
important thing to point out because
they haven't been produced they've been
withheld on claims of privilege there's
a there's a set of unusual and
unprecedented refusals to provide
information and that's a problem because
we need Congress to exercise its its
authority here and the public also needs
to know about this man who's set to hold
a position that will be so important but
one important clarification that senator
Feinstein issued after Judge Cavanaugh
talked about not being mentioned in the
torture report and senator Feinstein
talked about how limited the scope of
the torture report was because the
Senate Intelligence Committee didn't get
White House record and so it wouldn't
have discussed any role that Judge
Cavanaugh might have played but if I may
what we do know is his hostility to
providing that opening the courthouse
doors to victims of human rights abuses
like torture in case after case
including one where we represented the
ACLU represented a man who was detained
and abused by FBI agents abroad three
different countries in the Horn of
Africa over a period of months secret
proxy detention and the panel opinion in
the DC Circuit refused to recognize that
he could exercise his right to a remedy
in court because they said it was in the
context of a counterterrorism
investigation overseas and judge
Kavanagh went out of his way to write a
separate opinion saying that that there
shouldn't be a remedy recognized for any
kind of these investigations overseas so
that in itself is a problematic opinion
well can I ask you about one of the
cases that you raised in your piece the
2010
a bee honey a case what it said you
mentioned international law his position
on the jurisdiction of international law
in the US if you could speak
specifically about what the impact of
his position was on the AUMF the the
authorization for use of military force
saying that it's not limited by
principles of international law yes
so in that case Alba Hani and in other
cases what red Cavanaugh has shown is
his hostility to binding international
law including the Geneva Conventions as
a constraint on government action
whether by President or Congress and in
his view you know
courts shouldn't construe congressional
statutes for example with a reference to
international laws constraints unless
Congress specifically says they should
and what that does that's outside of the
judicial mainstream and outside of
long-standing doctrine where the Supreme
Court has said that in fact courts
should ensure that they construe
domestic law consistent with
international law unless Congress says
otherwise so that's really turning a
standard on its head and judge
Cavanaugh's opinions which would argue
for presidential authority to detain
prisoners even without congressional
authorization other constraints that
would give the president extreme power
unchecked power and that's a problem I
want to turn to senator patrick leahy
questioning judge kavanah during
Wednesday's hearing about whether he
lied during previous sworn testimony
about his knowledge of warrantless
surveillance when you were in the White
House did you ever work with John you on
the constitutional implications of any
warrantless surveillance program well I
can't I can't rule that right in the
wake of September 11th it was all hands
on deck on all fronts
senator patrick leahy questioning judge
Cavanaugh during the hearing I also want
to say that Leahy tweeted yesterday the
senior senator from Vermont between 2001
and 2003 Republican Senate staffers
hacked in to install 4670 files on
controversial books judicial nominees
from six Democrats including me Leahy
tweeted he went on this scandal amounted
to a digital Watergate not unlike
Russia's hacking of the DNC the
ringleader worked closely with Kavanagh
in pushing these controversial nominees
Kavanagh testified he had no reason to
suspect anything untoward he said today
I began confronting him with the many
reasons why he would have known there
was something deeply wrong here so there
are two different issues one is the
surveillance and if you could respond to
that that's absolutely you know we have
to remember that back right after 9/11
as Judge Cavanaugh said in terms of the
far of war war there was a massive
surveillance program that began here in
the United States and the Center for
Constitutional Rights the ACLU and
others had litigated and continued to
litigate in various ways some of those
cases what we're looking at is the
question here is whether he what his
involvement was in that massive
surveillance program and I think what's
deeply troubling is then as now we've
not gotten any clear on the record
answers about high level or even low
level officials participation in these
programs that they they are always
pushing the question aside and I think
this is a really key issue because now
we have a Supreme Court nominee who
arguably played a role in facilitating
and thinking up in moving forward some
of the the spying programs which courts
have found to be deeply problematic and
unconstitutional and I think that's
relevant for Congress to be able to
determine whether this is a viable
nominee to sit on the Supreme Court it
is likely that under this administration
that will be seeing similar types of of
activities even perhaps ones that the
courts have said we're not a problem
might give this administration a second
bite at the Apple for some of these
question you know could you also respond
to that what we know of Cavanaugh's
position on mass surveillance in the
context of the 2003 Snowden 2013 Snowden
revelations and where he stood relative
to other judges on the DC Circuit on
that question absolutely so in 2015
judge Kavanaugh issued a decision that
he went out of his way to analyze it
wasn't joined by any other judge on the
DC Circuit and it was in a case that
arose out of Edward Snowden's
disclosures in 2013 that the government
that the NSA had been conducting a bulk
surveillance program of Americans phone
records and judge Cavanaugh defended
that as constitutional he did that in a
couple of different ways that are
problematic one he argued that the bulk
collection program under Section 215 of
the Patriot Act did not even amount to a
search under the Fourth Amendment
because it involved collection of
Americans phone numbers in essence as
opposed to the contents of their call
but in doing so he relied on a
singularly inapt 1970s case that
involved the Supreme Court upholding
warrantless collection of an individual
criminal suspects phone records over a
limited period of time three days and
that is a very different context than a
bulk program collecting phone records of
millions of Americans he also said that
even if the Fourth Amendment were to
apply the search would be reasonable
because claims of national security
outweighed the impact on individual
Americans privacy can you talk about the
significance of his positions in the
Bush White House what it means to be in
the White House counsel's office what it
means to be staff secretary Hannah why
this is so key and the fact that well
over a hundred thousand documents have
not been released is so significant
well you know we those are significant
positions with the White House at a time
when the Bush administration was
carrying out some of its most rights
abusive policies and programs in the
post 9/11 era and what we don't know is
the extent to which judge Cavanaugh had
a basis for participating or whether if
as he seems to have conveyed this he was
essentially acting as traffic cop
without weighing in on the substance of
opinions but what Congress doesn't have
and what the public doesn't have is the
records from that time in order to be
able to know for sure one way or the
other I would just want to add that in
the White House Counsel context that
anybody that works in a law office knows
that these are not solitary we don't sit
in your office and don't tell anybody
Soltan Tim processes and people will go
to different other folks and say what do
you think of this concept how should I
address this question so just the fear
of the fact that his name doesn't appear
necessarily on memos doesn't mean that
he didn't have an involvement and
particularly in creating the germ of
what the legal theory is going to be
then it also means a lot of people know
what his views are on these issues
absolutely let's turn to judge Kavanagh
responding to a question about roe v
wade at the confirmation hearing one of
the important things to keep in mind
about roe v wade is that it has been
reaffirmed many times over the past 45
years as you know and most prominently
most importantly reaffirmed in Planned
Parenthood versus Casey in 1992 judge
Cavanaugh days hearing and one of the
few moments he wasn't interrupted at
that second by someone being taken out
there were more than what 66 protestors
in the room seven of the protesters
outside who were arrested but Vince
Warren yeah and just on the protest note
in listening to him trying to respond
and hearing people being dragged out of
the chamber I mean that's what our
democracy sounds like it was an
extraordinary moment and I think it was
quite good and frankly I think that the
nominees need to be a little rattled
particularly when they're giving answers
like this one senator Feinstein asked
him point-blank about his view prior to
this about his view about women being
harmed and women dying in women killing
and asking about being killed and asking
what his view was on that and he gave
this very Pat answer which is of course
everybody knows that Roe versus Wade is
important precedent I'm not sure when he
was talking about Planned Parenthood
Planned Parenthood versus Casey is being
precedent on precedent I'm not sure what
that means
but what he didn't say is he didn't say
that he will uphold the though either of
those two precedents he recognized that
they were important he didn't say that
he recognized that as a that women are
in jeopardy if they don't have access to
those rights and he also didn't say that
the state could be constrained in their
denial of those rights in any particular
way so it was a very artful non answer
that was you know troubling and she
continued should not give anybody any
sense of peace with around that question
well I want to go to another issue that
people have raised concerns about at
Wednesday's confirmation hearing Vermont
Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy asked
judge Cavanaugh whether Trump has an
absolute right to pardoned himself the
question of self pardons is something I
have never analyzed it's a question that
I have not written about it's a question
therefore that's a hypothetical question
that I can't begin with my answer in
this context as a sitting judge and as a
nominee to the Supreme you know they
