[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report with part two
about our conversation with the
blockbuster film black panther as Black
History Month wraps up we're continuing
this conversation
the film has captivated global audiences
raked in more than 750 million dollars
since its released just a few weeks ago
Black Panther had the fifth highest
earning opening weekend of any film in
US history
has already become the single highest
grossing film ever by a black director
31 year-old Ryan Coogler back in 2013
Ryan Coogler gave one of his first
television interviews to Democracy Now I
spoke to him at the Sundance Film
Festival where he premiered his first
film at the time that was called
Fruitvale it became Fruitvale station
about the killing of Oscar Grant the 22
year old african-american man from
Oakland California who was shot dead New
Year's Day 2009 by white transit police
officer Johannes Messerly
from America from the Bay Area where
black on black crime play exists not
even police brutality plagues us in
these issues of violence are basically
rooted in the fact that that that one
faction there's a few it doesn't review
another faction as for human beings you
know in in a Bay Area we have you know
police officers that are paid to protect
a certain area in the nine times out of
ten they didn't grow up in an area that
had the type of people that they're that
they're supposed to be protecting it so
so you have officers that grow up in
let's say Napa County where they hold
and if they're born sits under 21 they
may be interacting in a few black people
in person you know but what they see a
black people I see flashes almost no
picture God God wanted for one
unfinished crime runner for that crime
shot dead on the street shot dead here
that's not a human being doing that's a
flash and in a section of what this
person's life but not the food not the
fourth story so these people are giving
giving guns you know and talk to talk to
protecting and arrest offenders in this
area and they don't do these people that
complete humans so I thought that that
to the gods of fiction film magazine we
gonna let people who spend time with the
guy like Oscar who never would have so
that was fruit
bell station director Ryan Coogler back
in 2013 at the Sundance Film Festival he
would go on to make the film Creed and
now
the blockbuster Black Panther as we
continue part two of our discussion
we're joined by three guests Robin C
Spencer is a star in an author of the
revolution has come black power gender
in the Black Panther Party in Oakland
California
Robin Spencer's new piece is headlined
black feminist meditations on the women
of Wakanda Cargill Wallace is a writer
and author of the new york times
magazine story why Black Panther is a
defining moment for black America and
Christopher LeBron is with us professor
at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore
author of the making of black lives
matter
his recent article in the Boston review
his headline Black Panther is not the
film we deserve so I wanted to go to
Carville Wallace on premiere night at
least the night you went in Oakland with
your family explain what that was like
because this film is a phenomenon beyond
the film yeah yeah it is a phenomenon
beyond the film and I just I just would
also say that you said as we wrap up
Black History Month and for me we never
wrap up black history it's and and
that's this no-no year other than this
has reminded me more of that and you
know what we did on that night February
16th when we went with myself my son
who's 14 my daughter who's 12 my son's
best friend who's 14 my daughter's best
friend who's 12 and three of my best
friends from the course of my life my
friend Michael who I went to college
with my friend iris who is a very close
friend my friend had meant it was a very
close friend so all of us went in this
contingent to see this film and there's
not all people that knew each other
historically they're all people that I
knew but not everyone knew each other
and so it was just a tremendous event to
see this movie and see my friend Michael
uh from college who has traveled the
world who was shot film in Africa who
was done all this stuff you know
debating the the the neo-colonialism
with my son's best friend who was born
and raised in in Oakland and whose name
is a Jeb a but who's learning what that
name begins and end
where were you I know we weren't open we
were at the Grand Lake Theatre which is
my favorite spot in Oakland and so when
we you know we got there was a 910 show
The Lying situation was crazy
we were people were trying to find each
other and all this stuff so we get in we
get our seats and the theater is packed
and everyone is there and their clothing
and when that for when you say in their
clothing like cosplayers
well cosplayers people we're in costume
people in costume you had people wearing
African prints I actually bought a shirt
from Cote d'Ivoire from the African
woman who runs a shop near my house and
so we're specifically for the occasion
and once that happened you know everyone
we got there and once the curtain opened
and the title card said Oakland
California in 1992 the theater erupted
and it really wasn't quiet the entire
film as part of the reason we had to see
it again because we missed so much
people were just so excited and there
was so much joy in so much response and
so much yelling at the screen and so
much don't do that and no it was just it
was such a tremendous experience and
afterwards we couldn't even sit together
because the seating situation was we
were too late to get all seats together
so at the end when I reunited with my
son and his friend who had separately we
were united under the marquee and I he
just we didn't say anything he just
hugged me and he said are you okay dad
and I said I think so but it tears were
forming not just because of the film the
film was good enough to be a container
for that but it was about the moment it
was about sharing that moment with
family community my personal community
and the larger black community of
Oakland that's what that moment was like
for us and as you talked about in part
one of this discussion
Robin Spencer you went with your
daughter she's 12
yes she's 12 and I went with her and
just like you know I took her with her
best friend and I went with a colleague
of mine and we took it all in and it was
amazing because I could hear her
whispering I mean there was a moment
where the pizza and young girl came on
the screen and she just was with her
friend look at her skin you know and to
hear that type of adulation for a
dark-skinned black woman with short
natural hair who is not you know the
body type that is oftentimes heralded as
most attractive and desirable as a woman
was was astounding for me and I felt
like it was very very powerful to sort
of be there and to take her into that
world where oftentimes blackness and
womanhood is presented in such
one-dimensional ways to see all of that
was very powerful and also because we
have African family it was amazing to
speak to people who were on the
continent talking about what the film
meant for them in their context and how
they were amazed to see the outpouring
of love for Africa and African symbolism
the African culture the fact that bobbum
all wrote one of the songs of the film
was tremendous and the opening is in
Africa that are taking place now from
Nigeria to South Africa yes yes to Kenya
I mean it's amazing to see the kind of
cultural connections to me that is what
this moment is about that it's a moment
where we can make those connections
tangible and real I think that the film
is imperfect I write about that in my
piece but it's also clay I feel like we
can make of it what we what we want this
is why organizers are taking to the
streets talking about the real Black
Panther Party is like you want to hear
about superheroes will tell you about
sick rural dingo will tell you about
Mumia abu-jamal will bring these real
black panthers to the fore at this
moment because the door is open it feels
right to to assert that like I loved
Fruitvale station but it was not
something that was widely viewed and and
part of a larger discussion and now for
the you know for this moment we have
this film that can open doors then it
can open conversations and
intergenerational ones just not you and
your academic friends or you and your
adult but you can speak to the film with
the children in your life well what
about that and you've written about the
Black Panther Party in Oakland where the
film begins and ends and a petition to
have Black Panthers who are still in
prison to be released relating it to the
actual Black Panthers definitely people
have taken the film and protests and
activism in different directions so on
the one hand you have folks who are
registering people to vote on the other
hand you have people who are you know
calling attention to the persistence of
American
higher the role of the FBI and the CIA
in his continual oppression and you know
around the world you have people who are
focusing on the fact that there are
Panther political prisoners who have
been arrested who have been in solitary
confinement facing all sorts of human
rights violations struggling for their
freedom in the courts and instead of
being household names they are largely
forgotten outside of the communities
that are organizing on their behalf so
how can we bring those folks into the
mainstream how can we use the name Black
Panther to tied to the history Black
Panther and the fact that unfolds in
Oakland and the fact that some of the
iconography of the film like the poster
with the chair can be tied back to
hearing Newton in the chair there Pat's
that we can sort of think one way from
it's funny what you mean well there was
a very well-known poster one of the
first posters that came out for the film
had the main character dr. Chawla in the
pose in a chair and it hearkened back to
Huey Newton Black Panther Party
co-founder sitting in a wicker chair I'm
holding a spear and on a shield and that
was really one of the most iconic images
of the Black Panther Party and many
people recreated that image from
Funkadelic to NAS to you know to many
others over the years and to put that
image into the film really provided a
pathway sort of like breadcrumbs between
what's happening in the film and this
history right it's not obvious right but
it provided an opening for people who
are historians people who are rooted in
Oakland to make that connection well
Christopher LeBron what about that and
your experience of coming out to see the
film and then the subtle and
not-so-subtle links to for example as
Robin Spencer is describing the Black
Panther Party
I mean Carville and Robin's points are
really poignant and I affirm the the the
power of the movie to bring people
together and be a location for people to
I think Robin's language of movie being
clay for many people and brown-skinned
I think is a really beautiful way to put
it I should make clear that you know
given the work that I do as a moral
theorist part of my work is to not only
kind of be able to see this from the
point of view of person in my skin but
what it means for something like this be
presented to the white imagination and I
think one of the things about the movie
that was disappointing to me is that it
seems to place a lot of trust in white
imagination but we need that imagine a
should be jostled a little bit more
strongly so there are like there are a
lot of crumbs the poster maybe it's a
beautiful example a lot of people just
aren't going to get that and so and
maybe it's maybe it's not reasonable to
demand something like this from a Disney
film but by the same token if it's art
art is meant to unsettle and I think one
of the things we doesn't do is that it
pays homage to people who know what time
it is so to speak right we know what's
going on in the movie so we're able to
kind of maneuver through all the
subtleties and what the the image iconic
iconic iconography is meant to elicit
but there's a whole other viewership out
there that they're not tuned in to these
things you know they know what racism is
but they're not really being shown it in
the movie and I think there's a way in
which what a movie does fall short is
that it seems to play to the base so to
speak but then the other half of the
viewership or whatever that number looks
like maybe more they're allowed to see
just a superhero movie in which black
folks are going to fight each other and
the quest for freedom and I think that
part of the movie really has to be held
alongside the other beautiful aspect of
the movie being clay for brown people
what impact is movie having on the white
imagination it's one thing to put a cast
of black actors on a screen that's a
really powerful thing but there's a
narrative and action and there's
violence perpetrated and how is that
playing with a group of people that we
need to start thinking differently about
us right I want to turn to a clip from
Black Panther this is Ulysses clout one
of the villains in the movie speaking
with the CIA agent the wakandan ally
Everett Ross
tell me something what do you know about
Kenda is the third world country
textiles Shepherds cool outfits or front
explores has searched through it called
it El Dorado
they look for it in South America I'm
the only one it amazed at Sloss so there
you have ulysses klaw one of the
villains in the movie speaking with CIA
agent and wakandan ally Everett Ross
Christopher LeBron the role of the CIA
you also have the CIA figure Everett
Ross who's played by Martin Freeman at
the end when T'Challa chadwick boseman
goes to the United Nations you know
there with a kind of knowing smile and
sitting in the audience know I'm so you
know you have the one of the only two
white characters and movie cloud is
meant to be you know the embodiment of
you know some sense of white supremacy
he's also really hard to take seriously
which is problematic and then you have
the agent Ross who is the lovable CIA
agent an agency we know has been
responsible historically for a lot of
disturbance assassination and
disruptions on the continent and in the
you know the brown quote-unquote
developing world globally and here he is
a person who while kill monger has to be
eliminated it winds up being one of the
heroes of the movie and a very
benevolent sense and it's deeply ironic
oh wow yeah I mean I think that I think
there's validity to that I mean again I
I I just sort of returned to my earlier
point which is that I don't you know I I
think that the film as a work of cinema
executes its mission well as a work of
revolution execute its mission as well
as can be expected for a Disney film but
I think the moment itself provides an
opportunity for us to seize on something
larger and to make progress where we had
struggled to make progress before not
only in media but in imagination but
also in the in the unity of media and
imagination I mean it's not I think it's
important not to undersell the value of
representation I know that there's a
tendency to do that sometimes
but my experience has been in my belief
has been that you know the to imagine
oneself in as powerful as existing as
persisting as living as winning is
something that some portion of our
population has on tap all the time and I
think that has a lot to do with the way
people sort of view themselves and their
possibilities in the world and I think
that a lot of african-americans growing
up don't have that and I think this film
provides an opportunity to move that I
think a lot of women don't have that and
I think to Robin's point a lot of black
women really don't have that and this
film provides an opportunity to move
that forward and I hope that we take
this and move with it I hope that we
don't just give up here you know in the
first part of the discussion Robin
Spencer I asked Carville Wallace to
describe the film but for those who just
see this part tell us the story of Black
Panther as you saw it with your 12-year
old daughter
well to me the story of Black Panther
was really about the story of returning
home and the hunger for home and I think
you see that reflected in the how
audiences responded to the film so you
have the character of ever kill monger
who was presented initially in ways that
are deeply flawed and problematic but
then also you get a sense of the larger
context that could have shaped it one of
the moments in the film that really
touched my daughter is to see Eric kill
monger is a boy be at the feet of his
dying father and say people die around
here a lot often I don't know the exact
quote but he was basically responding to
the death of his father in the context
of being in a place with a lot of
violence and devastation and to sort of
see him go from that to you know
retaking the artifacts of black culture
that have been trapped in we're still
remain trapped in too many European
museums around this world I mean has
been I think one of the object points to
the character so one is hopeful for Eric
hill monger then one finds out that he's
a CIA agent and has been on these
missions around the world and is
determined to go back to
kondeh this kingdom that he's heard
about in order to take over the throne
so when we see what Conda come to us
that's the sensibility that we get of it
I personally wanted more of wakanda the
daily life in Wakanda what do we see we
mainly see the upper echelon of Wakanda
if you will and I wanted to know more
what was life like really at you know in
other parts of the society there and one
of the things I thought about was the
limitations of monarchy but anyway you
get this character of T'Challa you get
this world of Wakanda which is a
fantastical technologically advanced
nation state which is really I think at
the forefront of all sorts of Technology
however they're not sharing that in some
ways right there hoarding that as a
matter of fact for the benefits of their
people in fact it's one of their mantras
to keep those resources to themselves so
what you see unfolding in the NATO war
to be waged over over vibranium this
element this metal that they have right
and I thought I mean when I thought
about like what is the power in the film
there's vibranium but to me there was
also Shuri who had the skill to take
that vibranium and make it into all of
these amazing elements of the society
right to put it into Mars she put Vibram
into action right so her character is
very interesting that you have a Nakia
who's played by Lupita Nyong'o who is
the spy who is the really the woman who
is uncontainable right even the
character of Okoye she is very much she
is in a position of being tied to the
throne literally whoever sits there she
will protect in amazing and vibrant and
path-breaking ways but in some ways she
