well on Sunday Democracy Now traveled
about an hour west to a twelve thousand
year old forest in western Germany where
activists are fighting against the
largest open pit coal mine in Europe the
massive Heung Boks mine is 33 square
miles half the size of Washington DC it
extracts an extremely dirty form of coal
called lignite also known as brown coal
which causes the highest co2 emissions
that's carbon dioxide emissions of any
type of coal when burned for more than
five years activists have been fighting
to shut down the mine and to save the
remaining forests from being cut down to
make way for the expanding project only
10% of the ancient forest remains well
on Sunday we drove down a dirt road we
got caught in the mud had to push our
car out but we there bumped into an
activist from the nearby city of Cologne
at the entrance to the remaining forest
my name is Anna please and tell us where
we are right now we are in Rhineland and
North rhine-westphalia in Germany and we
have one of the biggest coal mine areas
here in the Rhineland with a lot of bad
emissions for well all of us and is this
one of the largest coal pits in Europe I
think it's the largest one for the most
emissions and as you can see here on the
photo we're in this area at the moment
and all of this was nature was forest
you're showing us a map and yeah it's
basically 90 percent of the first is
destroyed already because of the coal
mining and we have a little bit left
less than 10% and there are people
trying to protect the last 10% so where
are you taking us now we will take you
to the occupation of the Hama forest
because for five years now a five and a
half years people try to protect the
last bit of the Hama forest and they
have built around about 20 22 tree
houses where they live permanently
during the whole year and we just yes a
high to them
let's go through the mud through the
onward through the mud it looks like
we've come to yet another branch
blockade right here what are why are
these put up well they're put up as a
sign to not have people in the forest we
don't want to have in the forest like
coal mine company people or police and
as you can see there's also a small path
so pedestrians are always welcome in the
forest but not cars can you talk about
the sacrifices people make yeah well I
think it's it's very hard to live here
because you have no running water
you have no electricity people live here
the whole year so it's cold in winter
especially in winter is very cold and
then summer it's better but you have to
get the water here somehow you have to
yeah see when you get electricity from
to cook to charge your mobile phones
how long have these treehouses been at
the first occupation was in 2012 and it
lasted half a year and the second one
was in 2014 and since 2014 there were
always people living here we are
standing directly in front of a
barricade which the people here have
asked us not to film and can you read
the banner that is draped from this
barricade yeah it's saying you want us
gone but we'll be right here you want us
gone but we'll be right here so we're
not going to film the animals or the
people right here but we're gonna go on
to the tree houses and can you tell us
your name I'd rather not prefer to be
anonymous are you from Germany no I'm
not and have you been a part of this
blockade this occupation yeah I have
stayed here for a couple of months why
because when I'm here I feel like I'm
activity doing something when I hear I
I find meaning in the work here I learn
a lot about repression operation and
climate change and I feel like I take a
stand here and make it possible both to
create media attention and make people
know about this place but also for me
personally like feeling like I want to
do something to help the world what do
you think about the fact that you're
right down the road from the UN climate
summit the world's countries are
gathered to talk about the issue of
climate change it's real it feels real
also I'm a little bit angry because I
fear not much will be done as we've seen
time and time again there will be empty
promises and no action behind it people
won't actually work to out face brown
coal to our face other types of fuels
that I extremely and what do you call
that when in polluting yeah and what do
you mean by brown coal
I mean it's called ignite cold I believe
there are two kinds of cold there's a
coldness brown coal brown coal is more
destructive for the environment because
to be able to get it you have to
actually remove layers of the earth
completely like you remove remove all
the environment and you can't just fill
it up again because it's polluted and
also its fuel worth isn't as good as
with the normal code it's more polluting
it's not it's compact which means it it
gives off more carbon dioxide than coal
does which heats the earth more yep
we're walking past the barricade into
what looks like a village of tree houses
there are about 200 people here for a
public tour my name is Tom and I'm Indy
go and talk about where we are and what
you have done here
we are in a treehouse village in an
occupied forest it has been occupied for
over five years now and the occupation
has the aim to prevent an explanation of
the mine so it's not just about
protecting the forest but about fighting
global warming because this region of
lignite mining and lignite power plants
is the biggest source of co2 emission
whole Europe how long have you lived
here I think it's not so important and
Tom no matter if you're here for one
week or for five years we all do the
same we squat the trees we organize our
lives here and yeah we fight for a
system change that makes it impossible
to for a company to do a destruction
like out of the ethos can you explain
what the company is and what it's doing
W is a multi international company
producing energy from lignite mining
traditionally but they also have stone
cold at the export from for example
Colombia or China where it also causes
enormous damage also to indigenous
people they also have nuclear power
plants and now they have part of the
company that does renewable energies
since it's where they can make money
from now and the whole thing just works
out for them because they don't have to
pay the costs but the costs after
environmental destruction happening
because of lignite mining yeah and can
you talk about this open coal pit how
big is it it's nearly as big as cologne
which is the next city here well over 1
million people and what is the company
how has the company responded to this
occupation
well they say what they do is legal and
what because it's like legalized by
democracy so they say what they do is
right and what we do here is illegal and
asked police to evict us what they have
done in the past but for us that's a
strong sign that the problem is the
system we live in so if it's legal for a
company to destruct our whole planet
that means that it's time to also resist
against state power can you read this
banner to us indigo that's above your
head you expect existence or expect
resistance
Ambika forests have the police attempted
to evict you here well the last big
eviction was around three years ago they
do it victors but it's really hard and
expensive for them that means that and
also we have the rule that we occupy
four weeks after the eviction so they
kind of left us around the last year's
because they knew that it's a lot of
trouble to evict us which is already
kind of a small victory because that
gave us time to develop infrastructure
here both physically but also mentally
and emotionally why is it so difficult
to evict you and how much police power
do they bring to this well it's hard to
a victim treehouse that's the reason why
it's really efficient because like our
highest treehouses
I think 24 meters high so first they
have to come into a forest and then they
have to get a shower Picard and evicted
from the treehouse
also there are lock arms on most fear
houses which makes it even harder for
them to get the people out what's a lock
lock on is something where you can lock
on with on the tree
so it's not so easy to get you out of it
a do you have electricity here yes we
have some solar panels up in the trees
and actually that gives us enough energy
to make computer work from here to
charge our phones to have electric light
and some of the tree houses and also
there's a windmill that's a matter of
occupation so actually there's always
weather Sun or wind so we always have
electricity are you always afraid the
police will raid I wouldn't
I'm afraid because I'm here to fight so
from the first day I came here I knew
that police can enter all the time so it
gives me motivation to go on can you
take us into one of these tree houses
well we have one that is accessible by
leather.you
for others you have to climb a rope but
we can get into the one that is we just
claimed a ladder into this treehouse
indigo and Tam are going to show us
around we just climbed up a ladder to
get to this treehouse when was this
built can you describe it to us and how
people live here
this building is mostly called the tower
because it's built between three trees
and has three storeys so it's basically
the biggest treehouse and we have it was
mainly built this summer because we made
a big mobilization campaign so we knew
that a lot of people are going to come
so we needed a bigger common space and
also space that people can get up
without having to have a climbing
harness and have to have to come a web
so it's also the idea to create it all a
bit more barrier-free
so this is our communal kitchen and
living room we always cook for everyone
most of the food we use this dumpster
dived gets donated to us we cook vegan
and you have a wood stove here yeah and
how does the sink and the stove operate
well this just works with the gas bottle
unfortunately we have to cook with gas
but it's just easier and to think just
goes outside we collect rainwater with
the roof and take it down to wash dishes
and so on here's the living room and
cooking space as we sat and off stairs
there's the communal sleeping place with
yeah basically room for 15 people to
sleep and it looks out over this whole
village
are there other villages like this and
the woods yeah I'm just wondering indigo
if you could talk about what you feel
like in this treehouse
Oh many meters up many feet up not so
far from cop the UN climate summit
actually for me that's really a sign
about how absurd it is that we believe
that the people who were actually part
of the people who cast this disaster
which is global warming that we trust in
them solving it even though they are
profiting from how the situation is
right now and that actually just some
kilometers away from there that's the
biggest co2 source a whole Europe and
yeah for me it seems fairly high broke
at that they're sitting there and
talking about global warming and climate
justice because yeah it really shows me
that it's time that we take
responsibility for our own lives and
that we changed something and that we
created the world which gives us the
power to act instead of hoping that
other people will solve problems I also
don't believe in technical solutions I
think we like there is a lot of hope and
technical solutions and it can really
help us but we will not stop destroying
this planet if we don't overcome
capitalism and domination and yeah it's
definitely no not a good idea to replace
like nine mining with nuclear power
bombs costs enormous damage and for me
it's one struggle that's really
important for me I'm not just fighting
against lignite mining but I'm fighting
against exploitation in general and that
means fighting against capitalism and
that means fighting against domination
and this for I see this as one struggle
have you ever spoken to any of the
workers at the pit yes we do have
contact with them for example with the
workers unions and what do they think
they want to keep their working places
actually for me it's really hard to do
this discussion because for me it's
actually a racist discussion because we
talked about 20 20 to 30 thousand
working places in Germany where people
might lose their jobs but we're also
talking about people in the global south
we're dying from climate change and
there are thousands of them dying every
day so I don't want I don't want to talk
about people losing their jobs because
of taking that money can you describe
this forest to us the significance of it
and will this even be left if RWE the
company succeeds and expanding the open
coal pit well their plans are to cut
down everything here this year until
February so if everyone goes as they
planned they will cut all the occupied
parts of the forest until February this
means that it's more important than ever
to resist and that it's more important
than ever to connect and network and to
come here and get involved how easy is
it to see the open pit well actually it
tries quite good to hide it for example
if you drive on the highway close to the
open pits here because it's not just one
it's quite a few you see Hills next to
the highways and under hills they are
solar panels and like trees next to the
highway that says tree of the year 2000
a tree after year 2009 um actually one
other absurd thing is that this counts
as we for station even the oldest trees
are just right next to the highway
soared over that but although he also
has like fancy place where you can see
the pit and where they have like signs
on where I explain how greatest
technology is and that they have the
biggest diggers in the world and so on
and actually some people go there to
just have a Sunday trip with their
children or even to celebrate a wedding
or something like this they have
weddings at the open-pit they do here
and there's a restaurant there there's a
restaurant what are your thoughts about
that what's the restaurant called
I don't even know like the platform is
called Terra Nova which means new earth
which is already so absurd to me but
actually we called our compost toilet a
nobody we leave the occupied forest and
drive just about 10
to the largest open pit coal mine in
Europe that's run by RWE power it's Oh
ten minutes from where we just were in
the hamburger forest I'm Ellen millage
Vatsa I'm part of the Glenda and the
gallon is a yeah we we make civil action
of civil disobedience against coal coal
mining in Germany so we think it's
really necessary that we have to make
one step more and go into the coal mines
and coal mines like this and occupies
the diggers to stop them directly with
our bodies and so tell us what you did
last Sunday at the beginning of the UN
climate summit yeah this was an amazing
action a lot of people around 3,000
people enter the coal mine we start with
a demonstration in one of the villages
close to the coal mine and then we split
off and fingers we have a five finger
tactics
[Applause]
and they go directly into the coal mine
and went to one of the diggers and the
police made the line and front of the
diggers and what to protect as it's a
digger because this is how it works in
Germany the police protects the coal
mine company now these are these massive
excavation machines 250 meters long and
90 meters high and this is they are the
big biggest diggers in the world the
people built a huge circle that the
police can't kettle them and then the
police came and pushed the people away
also with horses and one policeman
pushed one woman one activist in front
of a horse and the horse goes over the
[Music]
[Applause]
and step on her back and this was a
really crazy moment and then the police
came and pepper sprayed a lot of people
and so but I think the area is too large
and we are too strong and the police
can't stop us so you stop this massive
excavator from work we stop we stop the
whole mine yeah and was a great great
feeling and and powerful movement also I
think it's a it's a sign of hope send it
to the word from us because we want to
say we can stop the companies we can
stop the fossils just by ourselves with
our own bodies to stay in front of the
diggers to stay in front of the
destruction to stop it and to protect
what we really love
we are unstoppable another world as
possible
thousands of people chanting that after
storming the Hambach open-pit coal mine
two weekends ago temporarily stopping
extraction at the largest open pit coal
mine in Europe when we come back to my
personal questions the Trump
administration's climate adviser David
banks and get response from Kevin
Anderson climate scientists
