says democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman and
I'm Marian shake
welcome to our listeners and viewers
around the country and around the world
bipartisan opposition is growing to
president Trump's proposal to greatly
expand offshore oil and gas drilling the
reversal of the Obama era restrictions
would open more than a billion acres of
water in the Arctic Pacific Atlantic and
Gulf of Mexico to offshore oil and gas
drilling initially the Interior
Department moved to allow offshore oil
and gas drilling in nearly all of the
United States coastal waters but then
announced it has dropped plans to open
up the waters off the coast of Florida
following fierce opposition by Florida's
Republican Governor Rick Scott Scott is
an ally of President Trump and the state
is also home to Trump's winter resort at
mar-a-lago but now governors and
lawmakers from Georgia South Carolina
North Carolina Virginia Maryland
Delaware New York New Jersey California
Oregon Washington and other states are
asking why only Florida is being
exempted the move comes as the Trump
administration's also moving forward on
plans to open the Arctic National
Wildlife Refuge to drilling the
Republican tax bill which Trump signed
into law last month included a little
discus provision to drill in the Arctic
on Wednesday during a press conference
with the prime minister of norway Trump
boasted about his embrace of fossil
fuels I am for massive oil and gas and
everything else and a lot of energy
Putin can't love that I am for the
strongest military that the United
States ever had
Putin can't love that but Hillary was
not for a strong military and Hillary my
opponent was for windmills and she was
for other types of energy that don't
have the same capacities at this moment
certainly we go now to Albuquerque New
Mexico where we're joined by shubhankar
Banerjee professor of art and ecology at
the University of New Mexico professor
Banerjee is the author of Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge seasons of life
and land and editor of Arctic voices
resistance at the tipping point well we
come back to you professor Banerjee
because while first we talked
about the inclusion of opening up the
Arctic to drilling to satisfy Senator
Murkowski to get her sign on to the tax
bill that tax bill was signed off on she
supported it and now if you can take us
from there what has happened since
thank you Amy thank you nermeen for
giving voice to our Arctic oceans so the
Department of Interior are released
their five-year outer continental shelf
oil and gas lease plan last Thursday
which is really there is no other way to
say it than that it is an all-out attack
on our oceans across the country and on
coastal communities it is so expansive
as you mentioned it plans to open up
more than a billion acres of federal
waters it's very hard to comprehend the
scope of these from Florida although
Florida as you said he's pulling back to
Alaska from California to Maine and
every state as well as the entire Gulf
of Mexico so it's a massive plan there
are 47 leases that they plan to offer
which is the largest number of offshore
leases ever in the history of the United
States and in terms of acreage also like
you said nermeen more than a billion
acres it is the largest and plans to
open up the entire Arctic seas of Alaska
the Beaufort and the Chukchi seas our
undeveloped Arctic Ocean now this
decision comes on the heels of opening
up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
as you mentioned and that came right
after the administration offered on
December 6th what they call the largest
liesl ever within the National Petroleum
Reserve in western arctic of Alaska so
they are on a all-out war against
conservation and indigenous rights and
against small communities across the
country
now we
in addition to the lease sale this
massive offshore lease sale plan they
have done two more things that we need
to pay attention to one is weakening of
offshore regulations safety regulations
that were put in place after Deepwater
Horizon and the other is weakening of
federal oversight on offshore oil and
gas lease plan and I will speak briefly
the immediate history of those two
components which is extremely important
the reason Deepwater Horizon happened in
the Gulf of Mexico British Petroleum's
bp's deepwater horizon which are spilled
more than 200 million gallons of crude
oil into the Gulf of Mexico devastating
wildlife and coastal communities was
because BP was trying to save cost and
was trying to become the top dog in the
entire Gulf of Mexico offshore drilling
operations trying to beat out our shell
and so in that process they basically
cut cost and did not do proper safety so
the blowout preventer is what caused
that blowout to happen the largest
blowout and spill in the US history
subsequent to that several years of work
went in that led to establishing
offshore safety equipment regulations so
though exactly the week before last week
the Obama administration announced
weakening of those regulations so it's
extremely important the other is right
before that in early December the
Department of Interior also killed a
study that would have reviewed offshore
how the agency which is the Bureau of
Ocean Energy Management or controls and
does oversight of offshore oil and gas
leasing program so they kill that study
that is also very significant and we may
have forgotten by now but in 2008 the
agency that used to do oversight of all
offshore oil and gas operations as well
as the leasing program used to be called
mineral Management Service that agency
got caught up in a wide-ranging ethics
scandal including sex and drugs that was
actually reported in the New York Times
at the time in 2008 so following that
and following the Deepwater Horizon
President Obama decided to get rid of
the mineral Management Service and
created what he called at the time be a
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management
regulation and enforcement which later
became bomb or Bureau of Ocean Energy
Management so in addition to these
billion acres of trying to open this up
all of our ocean water and the weakening
of safety equipment regulations as well
as the weakening of oversight is an
all-out war against our oceans and our
coastal communities that we need a
all-out end to our movement now nothing
less than that well professor Banerjee I
want to go back to to what you were
talking about earlier namely the Arctic
region this is a region that you've
studied for a very long time and the
indigenous communities who work there as
well as the biodiversity that exists
there could you talk about what the
impact of this will be in that region
and why the Arctic is so important to
biodiversity Thank You Norman for
bringing that up the Arctic seas of
Alaska the Beaufort and Chukchi is still
continues to be our only undeveloped
seas in North America and the Arctic
Ocean in those seas in Arctic Alaska
harbors an incredibly rich diversity of
life and it is also considered the least
understood
one of the most ecologically complex
seas on earth just to give you a simple
example in those Arctic seas I mean I
have seen about three species of whales
but you can see actually eight different
species of whales three of which are
Arctic and five come from warmer waters
like the coast of Mexico where they are
giving birth and then they go up to the
Arctic there are gray whales blue whales
beluga whales and bowhead whales and
many other and then the Arctic
communities coastal communities the
indigenous Inupiat people called
themselves people of the wells and the
seas our garden so opening those up for
many of the Inupiat communities other
than the ones who are the corporate
Inupiaq is outright violation of their
human rights so we are talking about
seas that we don't even understand very
well and are incredibly rare critically
rich and indigenous people depend on it
just to alert you to one thing that
Audubon Alaska published late last year
a massive report called ecological atlas
of Bering Beaufort and Chukchi seas
it's amazing report the Trump
administration wants to open up all of
that so it's not only the Arctic seas
but the other seas in Alaska there are
19 leases planned in the entire Alaskan
water so let's talk about what just
happened this remarkable meeting where
the interior secretary Ryan Zinke
reportedly flew down to Florida to meet
with Governor Rick Scott and afterwards
announced that Florida would be taken
off the map for opening up to offshore
drilling because it would threaten
tourism and the economy so governors
across the United States are basically
saying me too
they have expressed outrage at Interior
Secretary's inky's decision to grant
just Florida the exemption again Florida
of Republican Governor Rick Scott also
of mar-a-lago this is Oregon demmick
pratik governor Kate brown speaking to
CNN's Anderson Cooper
my question is to secretary Zinke why is
this okay for Florida and not okay for
Oregon universe is this okay I mean is
this about electro-pop salutely what can
i what can I think otherwise is it about
the governor wanting to run for the US
Senate where is it or what is it about
president Trump wanting to protect mera
Largo I don't know the answer to that
because secretary Zinke hasn't returned
our calls there was absolutely no input
from governor's coastal governor's we
had no clue that this was coming and we
had no opportunity to express our
outrage we are outraged this is
absolutely unacceptable
there has been no drilling off the
pacific coast for three decades
so that's Oregon Democratic governor
Kate brown today Roy Cooper the governor
of North Carolina just went ballistic he
said we jut into the ocean he said many
of our towns and cities have already
said they do not want this offshore
drilling that the BP oil spill costs
dwarf their annual budget professor
shubhankar Banerjee is this actually an
opening right now Zinke accepting
exempting florida because of the outcry
of not only democratic governors like
brown and cooper you're talking about
the governors of New Hampshire of
Massachusetts New Jersey Maryland South
Carolina Georgia are enraged yes so let
me point that out as you said it's
really a kind of a me-too movement I
like that thing and what they're doing
is Washington Post published an article
late last night and which Michael pruned
the director of the Sierra Club pointed
out something quite important that what
the Department of Interior is doing in
regard to the Florida decision they are
not actually following the procedure
proper procedures there is something
called a procedural
Act they're not even following that so
it's a very ad-hoc arbitrary process
what does this mean now is he going to
release another draft plan is he going
to just strike out that Florida language
by hand and now they'll be there is
already an outrage across the country
from all governor's all of these coastal
governors except I think couple of them
who support but there is outrage across
but let me actually highlight something
else they are doing not only they are
not following proper procedure but they
are in my opinion and this has not yet
been reported by the media in my opinion
they are both there setting up a process
that will discourage and suppress public
input and there are two component to
this so what happens is with this
massive offshore plan the Department of
Interior by law by the National
Environmental Policy Act have to hold
public hearings across the country that
process the way they are undermining
that process is in syrup and the way
public hearing used to happen you would
all public would gather in a big
auditorium somewhere there would be
federal officials sitting behind the
table all of us would go in there and
give our testimonies in an open mic and
that will be recorded that's the normal
process and I have done this numerous
times and I'm sure you both have done it
you both have covered such public
hearings across the country now what
they're doing is they're getting rid of
that and saying something in their words
and you can look it up on the Bureau of
Ocean Energy Management regulation
website is they are calling it open
house tile so there will be no such
thing what used to happen in the past
public still can go in there as they
please during that day there'll be no
really this kind of formal recording or
anything like that there will be a small
video playing on a continuous loop
that the public can look at some
questions maybe put in a comments what
does that do it's a form of discouraging
the public to engage in a proper public
hearing so they're getting rid of the
idea of public hearing there is not
really a public hearing that is going to
accept some comments the second
component of that how they're
suppressing the public input process is
they're only going to hold this kind of
public meeting in one location in each
of the 23 states at this state capitol
so let's say you're a coastal community
in California or any of the states the
public meeting will take place in
Sacramento but you are hundreds of miles
away or let's say in Alaska
the meeting will take place in Anchorage
whereas the indigenous people who are
leaving literally like a close to a
thousand miles away how are they going
to come to this meeting in such a short
notice so two things have to happen
I would encourage senators and governors
across the country to slow down this
process and understand what they are
doing with regard to the public
participation they are undermining the
public participation well I will also
wanted to ask you a professor Banerjee
about the threats faced by environmental
scientists under the Trump
administration in August democracy now
interviewed Interior Department
whistleblower Joel Clement a senior
official at the Interior Department
who'd focused on the dangers that
climate change poses to Alaska Native
communities in the Arctic we spoke with
Clement after he was transferred to an
unrelated job within the Interior
Department where he was tasked with
collecting royalty checks from oil and
gas companies it's been a long pattern
since the administration took over of
suppressing science muzzling scientists
sidelining subject matter experts the
biggest concern is that doing so has
huge consequences for Americans and and
particularly in my case those Alaskan
Natives I mean that permafrost
is melting they're fully exposed to
storms now that the sea ice has receded
and that concern is not going to be
limited to Alaska Natives for long
so that's Interior Department
whistleblower Joel Clement speaking in
August he has since of course resigned
so a professor Banerjee can you talk
about the threats faced by environmental
scientists under the Trump
administration disease thank you for
bringing this up this is not only the
Trump administration but previous
administrations have done this is there
is any scientist working on
path-breaking work on Arctic offshore or
offshore at large that somehow gets
entangled with oil and gas issues are
being silenced and punished
so Joel Clement is the latest of these
I'll give you two more examples and Joel
comments work is again path-breaking
because the coastal erosion is an
extremely significant issue for
indigenous communities all across Arctic
Alaska both all across Arctic Alaska and
he was trying to highlight that and so
as we are speaking right now the
Department of Interior is actually
hosting what they call some sort of a
symposium to do a massive overhaul or
reorganization of their senior staff
member and Joel Clement got caught up in
that but he is extremely courageous so
he went and blew the whistle Democracy
Now covered it now Glee let me give you
a couple of more examples
Charles monit was a leading federal
Arctic biologist who studied the polar
bear biology and the first scientist to
bring attention to the plight of polar
bears from climate change his research
was published and that research he did
in the Beaufort Sea where Trump
administration will try to open up oil
drilling is he did the research in 2004
when polar bears were drowning in the
Beaufort Sea because of melting sea ice
the research was published in the
peer-reviewed journal polar biology in
2006 which actually inspired the
animation in Al Gore's film An
Inconvenient Truth and brought worldwide
attention to the plight of polar bears
from climate change fast forward the
Bush administration then went after
childs Monett and his studies again they
demoted him and they did all sorts of
things to cover his funding and so on
and so forth but Obama administration
went one step further because Obama
administration was also really pushing
for oil and gas development in the
Chukchi and Beaufort seas the Obama
administration Department of Interior
actually put Charles Monnett under house
arrest in 2012 for six weeks after which
he was released without any charges
being leveled against him then there is
a third example of Professor Richard
Steiner of University of Alaska
Fairbanks who spoke out against oil and
gas issues in the Bering Sea the
University of Alaska took away all his
federal funding from agencies like
National Science Foundation and the
National Oceanic and administrator at
mistake administration he protested
Democracy Now did the coverage aimy aimy
you spoke with rick steiner also and he
protested and filed a lawsuit and then
he resigned and so to draw attention to
all of these issues I am convening a
major conference called the last oil at
the University of New Mexico that will
take place from February 21 to 23rd to
bring attention to this form of
silencing punishing as well as
marginalization of indigenous people all
across the Arctic kindly so we are in a
time they are doing everything to
undermine the public process they're
silencing scientists they are
marginalizing and silencing indigenous
communities we need an all-out anti-war
movement and PR style movement now
professor Banerjee we just have a few
seconds but I wanted you to comment
this latest news far from you here in
New York City the mayor de Blasio and
the city announcing that it was the city
will sue five fossil fuel giants over
their contributions to global warming
the suit targeting BP Chevron
ConocoPhillips Exxon Mobil Royal Dutch
Shell this coming as mayor de Blasio
announced plans to divest some five
billion dollars in fossil fuel
investments from the city's public
employee pension fund leading 350.org
co-founder Bill McKibben to tweet one of
the biggest days in 30 years of the
climate fight Earth's Mightiest City now
in full fight with its richest most
irresponsible industry we just have ten
seconds but as you see all of this
happening this movement that you're
talking about
