this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
black Elevation mindful being resistors
at salon warriors those are the names of
some of the accounts removed from
Facebook and Instagram Tuesday after
Facebook uncovered a plot to covertly
influence the midterm elections the tech
giant said it uncovered 32 fake accounts
and Facebook pages that were involved in
what it described as coordinated
inauthentic behavior the accounts had a
total of two hundred and ninety thousand
followers that had that created 30
events since April of 2017 one of the
accounts had created a Facebook event to
promote the protest against the upcoming
unite the right rally in Washington DC
protest organizers say the fake account
is not behind the event Facebook says it
does not have enough technical evidence
to state who was behind the fake pages
but said the accounts engaged in some
similar activity to page the side to
Russia before the 2016 election
Facebook's announcement comes just days
after the company suffered the biggest
loss in stock market history losing
about a hundred nineteen billion dollars
that's right billion dollars in a single
day Facebook has been at the center of a
number of controversies in the United
States and abroad
earlier this year Facebook removed more
than 270 accounts that determined to be
created by the Russian controlled
internet research agency Facebook made
that move in early April just days
before founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg
was questioned on Capitol Hill about how
the voter profile and company Cambridge
analytic a harvested data from more than
87 million Facebook users without their
permission in efforts to sway voters to
support President Donald Trump
Zuckerberg repeatedly apologized for his
company's actions then we didn't take a
broad enough view of our responsibility
and that was a big mistake and it was my
mistake and I'm sorry
I started Facebook I run it and I'm
responsible for what happens here today
we spend the hour with a leading critic
of Facebook Siva Vaidhyanathan author of
anti social media how Facebook
disconnects us and undermines democracy
he's professor of Media Studies and
director of the Center for Media &
citizenship at the University of
Virginia were speaking to him in
Charlottesville professor welcome to
Democracy Now well let's begin with this
latest news there are hearings today
that the Senate Intelligence Committee
is holding and yesterday Facebook
removed these well a bunch of pages
saying they don't know if that's Russian
trolls but they think they are
inauthentic talk about these pages what
they mean what research is being done
and your concerns yeah look Facebook was
unconcerned for nearly a decade that
various groups either state-sponsored or
sponsored by some you know troublemaking
group we're popping up around Facebook
not just in the United States not just
in reference to one election or another
but around the world in a concerted
effort or in some ways a distributed
effort to undermine democracy in civil
society
this has been going on almost as long as
Facebook's allowed pages to pop up right
interest group pages to pop up and
Facebook got caught off guard bizarrely
in after the 2016 election even though
there were people within facebook who
were raising the alarm right that there
were these these pages these accounts
that were distributing nonsense that
were posing as black lives matter pages
there were others that were opposing as
Texas independence pages there were some
supporting radical right positions and
other supporting radical left positions
and you know they were planning events
so all of this came out after the 2016
action it should have come out before
and Facebook's been scrambling ever
since so what we've seen since the 2016
election in the United States is every
time there is a major election around
the world Facebook will put all hands on
that election and try to make sure that
it can claim that it is cleaning up its
act in preparation for that election so
we saw that in 2017 with the elections
in Germany and in the Netherlands and in
France we saw that with the referendum
on abortion that was in held in Ireland
earlier this year in all of these cases
you know Facebook has made sure to crow
about all that it has done to clean up
the pollution that that might distract
people or disrupt the political process
the democratic process but you know it
hasn't done much in other places in the
country it did almost nothing in Mexico
before its election it has so far come
up with no strategy for dealing with the
much larger mess in India the world's
largest democracy Facebook was
instrumental in the election of rodrigo
duterte in the philippines in 2016 it
was instrumental in the brexit
referendum in 2016 in all of these cases
forces often from other countries
interfered in the democratic process
distributed propaganda distributed
misinformation created chaos often
funneled campaign support outside of
normal channels and and it's largely
because facebook is so easy to hijack
what we see just this week as Facebook
makes these announcements is that
they've managed to identify a handful of
sites that you know a few hundred
thousand people have interacted with we
don't know if this is 5 percent 10
percent 50 percent or a hundred percent
of the disruptive element going on
before our off-year elections coming up
in November well professor one of the
points that you make in your book is
that so much attention has been focused
on the work of Cambridge analytical
but that you believe that there's a much
deeper structural problem in with
Facebook than just one company being
able to access personal data and then
use it for nefarious political ends
could you talk about the structural
issues that you see and also you
mentioned the Philippines most people
have not heard much about how duterte
was helped to win his election by
Facebook if you could give an example of
how structurally it might have worked in
the Philippines look Cambridge
analytical was a great story right it
finally brought to public attention the
fact that for more than five years
Facebook had encouraged application
developers to get maximal access to
Facebook data to personal data and
activity not just from the people who
volunteered to be watched by these app
developers but all of their friends
right which nobody really understood
except Facebook itself and the
application developers so thousands of
application developers got almost full
access to millions of Facebook users for
five years this was basic Facebook
policy this line was lost in the storm
over Cambridge analytical so Cambridge
analytic was run by Bond villains right
they look evil they work for evil people
like Kenyatta and Kenya you know Steve
Bannon helped run the company for a
while it's paid for by Robert Mercer the
you know one of the more evil hedge fund
managers in the United States you know
it worked for for Cruz for Ted Cruz's
campaign and then and then for the
brexit campaign and also for Donald
Trump's campaign in 2016
so it's really easy to look at Cambridge
analytic and think of it as this
dramatic story this one off but the fact
is Cambridge analytic is kind of a joke
it didn't actually accomplish anything
it it pushed this weird psychometric
model for voter behavior prediction
which no one believes works and the fact
is the Trump campaign the Cruz campaign
and before that the Duterte campaign in
the Philippines the Modi campaign in
India they all used Facebook itself to
target voters
either to persuade them to vote or
dissuade them from voting right these
this was the basic campaign because the
Facebook advertising platform allows you
to target people quite precisely in
groups as small as 20 you can base it on
ethnicity and on gender on interest on
education level on zip code or other
location markers you can base it on
people who are interested in certain
hobbies who who read certain kinds of
books who have certain professional
backgrounds you can slice and dice an
audience so precisely it's the reason
that Facebook makes as much money as it
does because if you're selling shoes you
would be a fool not to buy an ad on
Facebook right and that's drawing all of
this money away from commercially based
media and journalism at the same time
it's enriching Facebook but political
actors have figured out how to use this
quite deftly so when Modi ran in 2014
when duterte ran in 2016 in both cases
Facebook had staff helping them work
their system more effectively Facebook
also boasted about the fact that both
Modi and 2/3 a were Facebook savvy right
the most connected candidates ever in
fact Narendra Modi has more Facebook
friends and followers than any other
political figure in the world he is the
master of Facebook it's not a
coincidence that Narendra Modi and
Rodrigo Duterte are dangerous
nationalist leaders who have either
advocated directly for violence against
people their own people or have sat back
and folded their arms as pogroms happen
against Muslims
you mentioned Narendra Modi I want to
turn to a meeting between Mark
Zuckerberg and the Indian prime minister
at the Facebook headquarters in
California in 2015 you were one of the
early adopters of the internet and
social media and Facebook and did you at
that point think that social media and
the internet would become an important
tool for governing and citizen
engagement and foreign policy the Minaya
when I took to
social media even I actually didn't know
that I would become a chief minister at
some point I would become a prime
minister at some point many attorneys so
I never ever did think that social media
would actually be useful for governance
I took up and I got on to fish social
media it was basically because I was
curious about technology and I saw that
I've been trying to understand the world
through books but I think it's a part of
human nature that instead of going on to
textbooks if you have a guide it's it's
far easier and in fact if instead of a
guide somebody can give you pretty sure
suggestions of what to do it's even
better that that was Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi talking with Mark
Zuckerberg at Facebook headquarters in
California in 2015 professor could you
talk about the this whole the impact
that Modi has had in the in he has what
I mean 43 million Facebook followers
right and that doesn't include whatsapp
right whatsapp is the most popular
messaging service in India it's also
owned by Facebook right and and it's
tremendously important not just in
personal communication but in harnessing
mobs for mob violence mostly against
Muslims but often against Christians and
often against Hindus who happen to marry
or date Muslims you know this sort of
vigilante mob violence is breaking out
all over India it's it's breaking out in
Sri Lanka we've seen the ROE hanga
massacres and expulsion in in Myanmar in
Burma often fueled in fact indirectly
fueled by propaganda spread on Facebook
and whatsapp and Modi has taken full
advantage of this right he and his
people mastered this technique early on
it's a three-part strategy which I call
the authoritarian playbook what they do
is they use Facebook and whatsapp to
distribute propaganda about themselves
flooding out all
discussion about what's going on in
politics and government secondly they
use the same sort of propaganda machines
very accurately targeted to undermine
their opponents and critics publicly and
then thirdly they use whatsapp and
Facebook to generate harassment the sort
of harassment that can put any
non-government organisation human rights
organization journalist scholar or
political party off its game because
you're constantly being accused of
pedophilia you're being accused of rape
or you're being threatened with rape
threatened with kidnapping threatened
with murder which makes it impossible to
actually perform publicly in a
democratic space this is exactly what
Modi mastered in his campaign in 2014
and in fact a bit before and that same
playbook was picked up by Rodrigo
Duterte in the Philippines and it's
being used all over the world by
authoritarian and nationalist leaders to
greater or lesser degrees so in the
United States when Trump's campaign used
Facebook almost as effectively to
precisely target certain voters in
certain states like Michigan like
Wisconsin like Pennsylvania like Florida
and either turn them off from voting or
turn them on to voting for journal
Donald Trump when they might not have
been otherwise motivated by choosing
very targeted specific issues again to
either turn people on or off from voting
that was a sort of soft light version of
the narendra's authoritarian playbook we
did not see and we've not seen yet and
hopefully we will not see the same level
of coordinated harassment from the
Republican Party at least we haven't
seen it yet so we you know we are seeing
them of course in a distributed way
anybody who especially women who are
involved in the public sphere are
constantly being assaulted with these
messages of all sorts of threats both
publicly and privately so you know the
culture of our democracy and the
cultures of democracies around the world
are directly threatened by these
practices that are not only enabled by
facebook they're actually accelerated by
Facebook your book anti social media how
Facebook disconnects us and undermines
democracy I want to go back to the
beginning of this interview where we
talked about Facebook taking down more
than 30 pages saying that's they are not
authentic
we immediately got responses from all
over saying the protest against the
United Way in Washington DC in August on
around the anniversary of the attacks at
your University University of Virginia
are real these protests against unite
the right are real so this goes to a
very important issue professor that you
now have Facebook this corporation
deciding what we see and what we don't
see it's almost as if they run the
telephone company and they're listening
to what we say and deciding what to edit
even if some of the stuff is absolutely
heinous that people are talking to each
other about the idea of this multi this
multinational corporation becoming the
publisher and seen as that and
determining what gets out so yes there's
a protest against unite the right that
is very real they've taken down one page
that might not have been real organizing
the protests against unites the right
and the unite the right rally is
supposed to be happening what for
example would happen if there was a
protest against Facebook see them yeah
you can't use Facebook to protest
against Facebook by the way you can't
even use Facebook to advertise a book
about Facebook $4.99 some well they will
not allow a group or a page or an
advertisement to contain the word
Facebook and it's not just to insulate
themselves from criticism that is a nice
bonus for them but it's really because
they don't want any sort of implication
that the company itself is endorsing any
group or page or product so the use of
the word the look the way only way
Facebook operates is algorithmically
right it has machines make very blunt
decisions so the very presence of the
word Facebook will will knock a group
down or knock a page down and so you
can't use Facebook to criticize face so
what about your book which has the word
Facebook in it right I can't I can't buy
ads on Facebook about it it's but that's
okay I think I'll do okay
you know it's however okay so but let
thinking about this notion of the extent
to which Facebook governs our or
structures our sense of awareness our
public sphere right so Facebook is a
place where a source from which more
than half of Americans regularly get
news that should be of some concern
because as you said Facebook's
algorithms decide what we see in what we
don't see and it reflects the algorithms
reflect what we have already told
Facebook we care about so if we have
engaged with the democracy now page for
many years in lots of ways and put
comments under items on that page
there's a very good chance that a lot of
democracy now content will show up in a
newsfeed if if you deal with Breitbart
justice effectively or just as often
you're gonna get a lot of Breitbart
content and a lot less democracy now
content and that's from Facebook's point
of view it makes sense right they want
to give you more of what you want they
want to keep you hooked on Facebook they
want to amplify their effect on your
life and you know they in like a casino
right they want they're constantly
trying to convince you that you'll feel
a little bit better if you engage with
Facebook and being reinforced in your
beliefs is a lovely feeling right so
what happens there is your field of
vision narrows over time and the same
thing happens with Google the more you
interact with that this has a number of
effects but it definitely makes us less
able to interact with those who differ
from us in a humane way in a respectful
way it's not the only contributor to
this phenomenon but it certainly doesn't
help and the more that we perform our
politics and the more we try to learn
about the world through Facebook the
more we are denying ourselves a broad
lens a broad vision and that's a shame
but in addition Facebook has the ability
to get hijacked because what it promotes
mostly our items that generate strong
emotions what generates strong emotions
well content that is cute or lovely like
puppies and baby goats but also
content that is extreme content that is
angry content that is hateful content
that feeds conspiracy theories and this
this hateful angry conspiracy theory
collection doesn't just spread because
people like it in fact it more often
than not spreads because people have
problems with it if I were to post some
wacky conspiracy theory on my Facebook
page today 9 out of 10 of the comments
that would follow it would be friends of
mine arguing against me telling me how
stupid I was for posting this the very
act of commenting on that post amplifies
its reach puts it on more people's
newsfeeds makes it last longer sit
higher right so the very act of arguing
against the crazy amplifies the crazy
it's one of the reasons that Facebook is
a terrible place to deliberate about the
world it's a it's a really effective
place if you want to motivate people
toward all sorts of ends like getting
out to a rally but it's terrible if you
actually want to think and discuss and
deliberate about the problems in the
world and what the world needs now more
than anything are more opportunities to
deliberate calmly and effectively and in
within with real information and
Facebook is working completely against
that goal I wonder I wanted to ask you
about the the political economy
