I will introduce Issa Rae Issa Rae is a
critically acclaimed and world-renowned
actress writer and producer with their
own unique Flair and infectious sense of
humor Easter raise content has started
over 20 million views and 200,000
YouTube subscribers and Counting she won
the shorty award for best web show for
her hit series the misadventures of
awkward black girl and has written a New
York Times bestseller under the same
title
she has since expanded her YouTube
platform to feature various content
created by people of color he surveys
distinctive style and glowing black role
magic has captured the hearts of
millions and it's caused her to receive
national attention from major media
outlets including the New York Times
Rolling Stone
essence vibe and others in addition to
making Glamour magazine's 3535 list as
well as Forbes 30 under 30 list she has
earned a Golden Globe nomination for
Best Actress in a TV comedy musical for
her performance in HBO's insecure which
will air for a second season
heesu also appeared on the cover of
essence magazines may 2015 game changers
issue a longtime Chung shonda rhimes
Ava Duvernay Debbie Allen and Mara brach
Akhil in her work Issa Rae has
continually expressed a desire for more
people of color to work in production
behind the scenes in order to make a
lasting impact in the television
industry at a glance our two keynote
speakers appear to come from very
distinct walks of life but a closer look
reveals the works they eat each dedicate
their lives to exemplifies the power of
narrative and the commitment to drawing
attention to stories often ignored by
those in positions of power their work
shows us that in part the sound of
change comes by giving a voice to the
voiceless and providing a platform
through those who don't always have a
seat at the table so they may have a
chance to be seen heard and understood
everyone please join me in giving a warm
round of applause for the dynamic and
innovative Issa Rae and welcoming Amy
Gutmann back to the stage
[Applause]
yeah mazing huh
you know and I got the honor of asking
Issa Rae questions but also with help
from use because questions have been
submitted well you just heard among
other things that Issa was on the cover
of essence as a game changer and I don't
know about you but I want to know how
she became this remarkable woman that
she is Issa start off just give us a
little bit of your biography before we
get to awkward black girl tell us about
your family where you grew up how you
ended up doing these webisodes that
broke through the world and touch so
many people well first of all honored to
just even talk to you you know I've been
a fan and I used to listen to you on my
commute to my passionless job you know
back in starting in 2008-2009 so to be
here talking to you is just a really
full circle experience I grew up in LA
born and primarily raised in LA anyone
smelling
[Applause]
I wanted to come out to why Jesus Donald
Trump but I felt like that wasn't very
kingly but I grew up there I was I was
my dad felt like my family didn't have
enough discipline my brother
specifically and was like oh we're
moving to Senegal where he's from and so
I spent some time there
just living with family in West Africans
that I got and then my dad tried to
start a hospital bed and the government
you know messed him up they had some
many Trump's over there and so and he
decided to start over in LA and my mom
he moved us our family to Maryland so I
grew up there for four five years and
lived
what's a predominantly white schools and
kind of felt out of place but I'm the
only black girl here I'm one of two
black kids here and by the time I moved
back to Los Angeles in middle school I
went to a predominantly black high
school and just didn't necessarily
didn't really fit in and a lot of those
experiences I've mined for my working
out and a lot of my work now focuses on
just those feelings of being out of
place and and feeling uncomfortable and
feeling you know awkward and insecure
which happened to be two shows that
so you're talking to a largely college
audience so can you just touch on your
college years how you got through them I
did go to college I went to college yeah
I went to Stanford University and are
you all stand for graduates just in
terms of I was like jump-starting my
career you know there are a lot of
students at Stanford were primarily
focused on like human biology
you know engineering political science
and that was supposed to be my my field
but I just was drawn to writing and
directing and so my freshman year I was
cast by I want to say she was a senior
or she was a junior but she threw her
own hip hopera and you know I was
looking at some of the plays that that
our school through but put on but they
were predominantly white and you know a
lot of the the leads weren't played by
people of color and so here she was
taking this you know taking a story into
our own hands and she created this
production from scratch and wrote
produced directed it acted in cast means
in addition to some of my other friends
and and it was just certainly I can
thoroughly Hamilton like basically I
mean yes I'm selling to her doing it
before and then did it
I was I was I was very much influenced
by her and you know the next year she
didn't put on a play and so I was like
oh I have an opportunity so I adapted
Spike Lee's school days which really
resonated with me at the time just in
terms of the themes they presented and
being at a predominately white
institution and ku days was say and as
historically black college but a lot of
the themes overlap so I threw that I put
that on our produced directed and
adapted it for the stage and continue to
do that throughout my college run and
because I want a lot of students
majoring in art or pursuing the Arts at
Stanford there was a camera in the
library that was always available so I
would check that library out and on the
side I would do like these short stupid
projects you know I created my first web
series in 2007 just because I was trying
to procrastinate not writing a paper it
was called it was called on diary and it
was about what it was like to be black
at Stanford and I uploaded it to YouTube
and you know cut around our own campus
and then it started to spread to other
college campuses like Duke an and
Harvard and people were in Georgetown
the people are like this is my college
experience too and for me that was like
a moment I call it my lightbulb moment
where I was like wow I'm writing on the
side and I'm trying to break in
traditionally as I was you know I was
entering contests I entered a Sundance
competition with a friend and we ended
up being rejected and so I have this
direct access to an audience that was
looking at my work you know when I was
with like 21 was insane to me that about
always stuck with me
how did the University respond to your
version with to use talking about your
life there the they didn't respond
it was you know the like what could they
really say you know but this is kind of
our college experience it was mine from
some sort of truth but there wasn't any
controversy here and so talk about what
just exploded on the global stage
awkward black girl yes so awkward black
girl ended up coming about you know I
came up with the idea when I was
struggling in Hungary in New York super
broke and I was like how can I make
money fast and I was like washes those
t-shirts
as I came I was in sitting my room
journaling and I came up with the phrase
I'm awkward period and black and I was
like oh that defines me one of those
things I knew the whole time but one of
those things you know just I I just
realized and that feels like it's an it
it seems like an identity that hasn't
really been explored and a lot of
television shows that I watch a lot of
the films that I've seen and so yeah my
first inclination was like I'm gonna put
these on the t-shirt so these and make
little animated web shorts to try to
sell these and then I was like animation
I don't have money and then I just gave
up on the idea there was a catch-22
situation going on and so then in 2011
as I produced well in 2000 I produced
another web series of show my brother
about my brother and his rap it was a
mockumentary abut of them trying to make
it in the music industry in LA and as I
was building that audience I started to
take webseries way more seriously and in
terms of releasing them every Monday at
10:00 a.m. I was you know turned down
plans to edit you know my friends would
be like you know you're gonna hang out
on Taco Tuesday and be like I have to do
my job
I gotta edit maybe like you know but you
know how exact
but I mean that for me was when I was
treating my past I'm like a job and like
how did you do it how did you get the
actors I mean how did you think they
were like you know my brother and his
friends and and so they just they kind
of had to show up and it was good for
them too because they got them exposure
and then I would I would put out ads on
Craigslist for actors I don't really
know about like actors access or have
the money to be able to you know pay
people at the time but also be in LA
really helps because there are a lot of
people who are constantly trying like
here's my head shot here's my resume so
that that helped and during that time of
just creating contact constantly and
consistently I decided to revisit doing
this idea awkward black row that I had
and I wanted to cast a friend from DC
who I've worked with in dorm Diaries and
when I came up with the idea in New York
it was convenient she was like yeah come
on commute to DC but when I hit her up
and when I was in LA you know a couple
of years later I was like hey I had this
world for you he's still interested in
playing and she was like oh I'm a lawyer
I can't it was the best thing that ever
happened to me because I felt like I was
running out of time and was just like
you know I feel like I can play this
part and just put myself in it and ask
my best friend who's actually here with
me today to record it and another friend
from Stanford who was a dancer trying to
transition into acting to play my love
interest or non love interest and
uploaded that edit and palladium and the
rest is history why I'm here
so how long did you do that for how long
did I do it for I did it for two years
yeah you had the 25 years and how did
insecure happen insecure came about
because I because of that theory you
know I had an opportunity to our second
season work with Pharrell Williams he
funded our second season be his I am
other venture and because of that it got
a lot of a lot more attention and
rolling stone and new
Times reviewed like our first episode
and so from there a Shonda Rhimes and
shaundalyn reached out to say hey do you
have any ideas for us and I picked them
a television show called I hate la dudes
and - and we talked for two hours about
it and in that process I learned just
about like honing my voice and about
speaking up you know just because I was
so grateful for the opportunity but a
little too eager and you know wasn't
able to properly navigate notes like the
shuttle that was great about
hand-holding holding my hand throughout
the process just because I'd never
written for television before and they
were just they couldn't be any better in
terms of leading me along the way but in
terms of navigating network notes and
studio notes I was very much a yes woman
like yeah I make it work okay that
doesn't really make sense but I'll make
it work because this is my only
opportunity and so when it came time to
turn in the draft
it just felt worthless it didn't feel
like my own and you know they passed on
the project and I was devastated and I
felt like I had blown my one shot and
then a month later HBO called and said
hey we heard that you're free do you
have any idea
and I called my friends and had a
celebration that day we didn't have a
job it was like God hates me I'll call
after pitching the show to them they
they bought it in the room and then I
needed again I had never written a show
her but a writer's number four and so my
management company in it you know htl
they said you should meet with other
people too to see if anybody would be
able to run your room with you and
produce the show with you and they
introduced me to Larry Wilmore and they
were like if you like him
great he's outstanding and if you don't
we'll just move on and so we met and we
just clicked immediately and I credit
him with really helping to solidify my
voice you know so I mean you your path
to success paved with both successes and
failures and it's so important this part
about the failure and how it be you
parlay that into success and you become
the first african-american woman to helm
an HBO series and now it's going
Hey
come on bring y'all like I would be this
talk about directing writing and playing
you I mean when you were back here you
were saying oh it's the writing that I
love I do I love the writing the most
and I do not I've not taken on the
director at least for insecure directing
the directing is primarily done by the
amazing maleeni matsuki but she's a fan
and she knows Beyonce guys come on but
it's it can be overwhelming at times
just because you know I'm responsible
for like if the show isn't it isn't
successful if people don't like it you
know it's only on me and that's where it
gets overwhelming like I can sink my own
ship and so there is definitely a lot of
pressure to maintain the vision moving
forward but at the same time I
understand that I'm extremely blessed
and so excited to be able to just have
this opportunity to create and to create
with people I love and respect and
admire and for me it's just been it's
been opening so many doors for people
around me and people who I've met along
the way people I've worked with since
awkward black girl since you know I did
my other show fly guys and I just see it
as a ticket to continue to produce with
other creators of color which is what
we're doing currently and I have an
opportunity with HBO currently with a
first-look deal where we're producing
they've they've basically given me
access to produce content in the same
way that I do on my youtube channel but
for them and so we're currently
developing a half hour with another
creative writer of color that I'm really
really excited about so there are a lot
of questions that people submitted among
them how do you use your work or plan to
use it to push back one size ism in the
entertainment industry especially toward
actresses one five of them
I mean I tend to cast real people I
think in watching a lot of my
productions you'll see that you know I
really do i literally tap into people
that I know because one in the past I
didn't have a choice you know I was just
like hey girl I know you got a
public-health job can't you be in there
play this disgusting role of Jeremy
paddy or you know like and so I don't I
don't think that there's an industry I
acknowledge that there's an industry
standard of beauty but it it's not
reflected in my own work like I attempt
to try to push up against what's what's
considered classically beautiful and
what's considered attractive by you know
Hollywood standard another question is
what has your natural hair journey been
like
it's fair rocky it's been it's been full
of experiments you know
you see on this kitchen in the back you
know I've had to grow to love my my
Maxwell here for sure I think you know I
when I was in high school tried to hide
it constantly and because you know perms
and presses were in and my mom was
always like I would get you a primer
press but your hair's too thin to do
that and I'd be like mom what do you
know and I remember taking a stand and
being like mom I'm gonna get this part
I'm 12
you can't tell me anything she was like
do not need to do it because your hair
is gonna fall out and I did it anyway in
my hair my hair post-college and that
really I feel like changed my life for
the better just in terms of embracing
who I was and I felt like the the weight
that we put on our hair is just so it's
it's kind of ridiculous and for me it
allowed me and afforded me a freedom and
a newfound confidence and you know now I
love my hair it's better and I work with
a great an actual hair stylist shut up -
Felicia Leatherwood who does amazing
styles with all lengths of hair whether
your hair is this long or you know
can you talk about what it meant to be
nominated for a Golden Globe
it was absolutely surreal and I remember
getting the call it was like 5:00 in the
morning obviously because they the East
Coast announces at first and I remember
getting a call at like 5:30 and just
ignoring it and then you know my phone
was blowing up and you know let's lift
up the news and saw that I was nominated
and it was a bittersweet moment for me
because I was like it's just me and it
realized you know just to know how many
people work on this show and how many
people put so much you know blood sweat
and tears no blood let's be real but
into the project but you know it's just
I was talking to Melina about it just
like you know I was sure all of us and
she was just like girl it is all of us
you know this is your the show and and
that in a sense made me feel better
about it but it was just such a such an
honor to just even be included among the
company that that I respect and admire
so much and what was the experience like
these first I feel very out of place I
was just looking in awe of everyone I
saw Denzel walked by but I didn't talk
to him
I just did like one of those it was too
late but it was just uh it was a surreal
experience and that you know everyone
was extremely inclusive and very
supportive you know I had so many people
come up and tell me that they watch the
show I mean they loved the show and to
continue to keep doing what we're doing
and so it just made me want to do more
so I was looking at et online that was
talking about folks behind the stage and
you were there along with Tracee Ellis
Ross who won for blackish and like her
you talked about Planned Parenthood um
this was a very political Golden Globe
right you had Meryl Streep calling out
the president-elect I'm wondering your
reaction in the audience when you were
watching that and then going backstage
and they quoted you as saying they've
done stalking about Planned Parenthood
have they done so much for a community
for women for everybody when I had
questions and my adolescence in my
teenage years when I had scares and
issues Planned Parenthood was the safest
place to go you said I mean a hundred
percent
yeah they've done so much work in
