this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman Environmental Protection
Agency administrator scott pruett face
lawmakers on Capitol Hill for a third
time in less than a month the Senators
grilled him about a slew of scandals
over spending habits ties to industry
lobbyists and his deregulation of
Environmental Protection's Pruitt is
currently facing about a dozen
investigations including into his three
million-dollar security detail his
expense of first-class travel is below
market value condo which he rented from
the wife of an energy lobbyist and his
other spending and ethics violations
Wednesday's hearing came only two days
after Politico reported the
Environmental Protection Agency and the
White House has suppressed publication
of a federal Health Study on a national
water contamination crisis the US
Department of Health and Human Services
study found the chemicals PFOA and PS
are used in Teflon and firefighting foam
are unsafe for human health at levels
the EPA had previously called safe in
other words these chemicals are more
dangerous than previously thought but
internal emails released after a Freedom
of Information Act request show a trump
administration aide warning the EPA's
top financial officer quote the public
media and congressional reaction to
these numbers is going to be huge the
impact APA and DoD is going to be
extremely painful
we DoD and EPA cannot seem to get ATSDR
that's the agency for toxic substances
and disease registry to realize the
potential public relations nightmare
this is going to be unquote the study
remains unpublished the Pentagon's used
foams containing these chemicals and
exercises at military bases nationwide
in a March report to Congress the
Pentagon listed 126 military
installations where the nearby water
shows potentially harmful levels of
these chemicals which have been linked
to cancers and developmental delays for
fetuses and babies during Wednesday's
hearing Republican senator Shelley Moore
Capito of West Virginia asked Pruitt if
he ultimately planned to publish the
report I was not aware that the
then some holding back of the report I
think it's important to have all
information in the marketplace absolute
value 8 is what's most important to me
is not just studies I mean as you know
it's I think the health advisory is set
in parts per trillion right which is a
very strong standard but we need to make
sure that if there's an MCL maximum
contaminant limit limit or a 107
approach that it's based on a record and
and that's what we would proceed with
post the summit next week so but but as
far as information we need more
information that less the EPA and White
House's effort to suppress the study is
only the latest twist in a decades-long
fight over teflon highly toxic chemical
PFOA also known as CA for decades the
chemical giant DuPont hit information
about the toxicity of this chemical even
as the company discharged it into the
waterways around its manufacturing plant
in Parkersburg West Virginia pf' away or
c8 has now been linked to six diseases
including testicular and kidney cancers
the chemical has been used so widely
it's now in the bloodstream of 99% of
Americans even newborn babies and the
chemicals bio resistant meaning it
doesn't break down well for more we're
joined by Rob Allen the leading
environmental lawyer who represented
70,000 Americans and lawsuits against
the chemical giant DuPont he's
successfully won compensation for his
clients who's drinking water had been
contaminated by toxic chemicals used to
make Teflon Rob Allen is a recipient of
the 2016 right 2017 Right Livelihood
award he was also the subject of a 2016
New York Times Magazine article
headlined the lawyer who became DuPont's
worst nightmare Rob a lot is here at the
University of California Santa Cruz for
a gathering of the North American Right
Livelihood laureates welcome to
democracy now Rob morning thank you for
having me
so it's great to have you with us talk
about this latest political report well
it's very disturbing for many years I
have been trying to make sure that the
public the millions of people across
this country and now globally that have
these chemicals in their blood in their
drinking water that these people have
access to
the most accurate and complete
information about the health risks that
are posed from being exposed to these
chemicals we're talking about man-made
synthetic chemicals that don't exist in
nature that are now in the blood of
millions of people across the country
have almost everyone about everyone and
in wildlife and living things all over
the planet and for many years I've been
trying to encourage the federal
government the US EPA the ATSDR to
release as much information about the
health risk from these chemicals as
possible and what we've now learned is
that one of the federal agencies that
has primary responsibility for looking
at human health effects from chemical
exposure
ATSDR has developed address deer stands
for again the agency for toxic
substances and disease registry it's a
part of the federal government created
back in the 1980s whose specific purpose
is to look at potential human health
effects from exposure to hazardous
materials and what we understand is that
the agency has come up with a draft
report that apparently has taken a new
look at the health risks from not only
the Teflon related chemical PFOA and
this the firefighting foam related
chemical PFOA s but several additional
chemicals as well that are also now
getting into people's blood and in
drinking water across the country and
they're looking at that information and
are suggesting that the levels of
exposure that might cause harm are
actually a lot lower than what US EPA
has now been telling people across the
car I want to turn to a comment from
former California Governor Arnold
Schwarzenegger who tweeted Wednesday I'm
a simple guy so I have a simple remedy
when people like Pruitt ignore or hide
pollution if you don't have a problem
with Americans drinking contaminated
drinking water drink it yourself until
you tap out or resign well you know what
we're dealing with here is a nationwide
if not global public health threat
whether it's a public relations
nightmare we have people that are
dealing with a public health nightmare
so there it's critically important to
get the most accurate complete
health information out there as quickly
as so according to Politico the Trump
administration White House officials
said this report if it gets out will be
a public relations nightmare now
explained it looks at the areas around
military bases industrial areas and what
do you suspect it finds well I believe
the agency has looked at various studies
that try to assess at what levels in
humans and in animals can these
chemicals cause harm and like many
states across the country including the
state of New Jersey for example which is
suggesting that the levels that are
allowable in drinking water ought to be
a lot lower than what US EPA is
currently saying US EPA for example is
saying 70 parts per trillion
is acceptable in drinking water folks
that are looking at a lot of the more
current data for example the state of
New Jersey are suggesting that levels as
low as 14 or even lower and I believe
people are thinking that this particular
report that ATSDR is prepared is also
going to suggest that those numbers
ought to be a lot lower than they are
firefighting phone firefighting foam has
tricked aend
a combination of these chemicals PFOA p
fos and is now possibly including some
of these newer replacement chemicals
that were previously thought to
hopefully be safe but may present some
of the same the same troubling
characteristics as the older materials
and what's happening now is the
chemicals used in those foams are being
found in drinking water around military
bases airports across the country and
worldwide in Australia New Zealand
because these chemicals have been
released through the foam that was
released out into the environment and
are now contaminating water all over the
planet in March Washington state
governor jay Inslee signed the nation's
first law banning firefighting foam and
food packaging that contains PFA s which
is the class of chemicals that includes
pf0 a and P fos correct that's
Washington State Washington State so now
it's going to the state
that are taking the lead as opposed to
the EPA as we sit here today in the year
2018 there is still not a federally
enforceable standard for any of these
chemicals in drinking water there's an
informal guideline from US EPA and
because the chemical and related
chemicals are showing up in drinking
water all over the country all over the
world there are states that are taking
matters into their own hand and moving
forward a lot quicker and saying we're
going to set standards like New Jersey I
want to turn to Laurie Cervera a
resident of Warminster Pennsylvania
which is home to the former Naval Air
Warfare Center and only a few miles from
the Willow Grove military base she's
speaking in a video produced by the
intercept looking into what we cause
kidney cancer because didn't didn't run
in my family I don't have any history of
it don't have any history of multiple
sclerosis in my family so I looked into
it and found an article about the
chemical PFOA and pea sauce that was in
fire retardant foam that's used at air
bases we were less than a half a mile
away from the airbase
and this is another resident of
warminster Joanne Stanton wait after I
had heard my third son we found out that
my oldest child Patrick who was six
years old at the time just getting ready
to enter first grade he was having
migraines for the last few years they
were getting more intense he was having
nauseousness vomiting in the morning and
then having problem with his balance we
took him to the doctors and the MRI
revealed a brain tumor but doctors came
in our room and they started pummeling
us with questions were do you live where
did you grow up do you ever work with
pesticides do you live near a farm do
you live under high tension wires and
these are questions that I never would
have even thought about
Rob blonde just responding to what they
are saying yeah I mean these are
chemicals that are presenting all kinds
of different potential health threats
and one of the issues that were
particularly concerned about now is
realizing that our nation's firefighters
and emergency responders who have been
using these firefighting foams or whose
equipment and gear that they wear may
have been coated with materials that
included some of these chemicals in the
past those firefighters and emergency
responders have very high levels of
these chemicals now in their blood and
we now need to know what is that doing
to our firefighters we're speaking to
attorney Rob a lot who's represented
70,000 citizens and lawsuits against
DuPont they're concerned about their
drinking water being contaminated by
toxic chemicals used to make Teflon and
also firefighting foam this is democracy
now back in a minute this is democracy
now I'm Amy Goodman were broadcasting
from the University of California Santa
Cruz our guest is the Right Livelihood
laureate
Rob a lot we spoke to him first in
January at the Sundance Film Festival
because there was a film the devil we
know that had just come out that
features him and some of his clients
taking on the issue of Teflon chemicals
in Teflon have contaminated what 99% of
the population of the United States as
we continue to look at the issue of
water contamination next week there's
going to be an EPA summit but not
everyone's invited can you talk about
that Rob I think highlighting the
importance of the issue and how
widespread the problem is across the
entire country with almost every state
having a community that has water
contamination now affected by these
chemicals the US EPA is having a pretty
unprecedented event they are holding a
national summit next week to address
this entire class of chemicals not just
PFOA and PS with all the related
chemicals as well that are showing up in
drinking water and in human blood
representatives from all 50 states have
been invited to come into this
conference and there was originally some
concern about whether citizens and
impacted communities would be allowed to
attend as well there
now my understanding there's going to be
a live feed that people can listen in
and hopefully participate in this how
can they participate if they're not
allowed in the room that's a good
question I asked if I could participate
and so far I've not been allowed to go
and attend this meeting I've been told I
can I can call in and listen in on a
live feed but you know it's chemical
industry will be there
my understanding looking at the agenda
that's now been posted is a
representative of the American Chemistry
Council or ACC will actually not only be
there but be participating in the car
and what will be decided at the summit
don't know don't know what will actually
be the the result of the summit other
than bringing all these state and
federal agency representatives together
to try to come up with a plan of how do
we address this nationwide contamination
problem I want to turn to a video an NBC
news report on how new research shows
cancer has become the number one killer
of firefighters in the United States
including oral digestive respiratory as
well as urinary cancers Boston where
it's illegal for firefighters to smoke
three new cancer cases are reported each
month twice the rate of city residents
certainly this is an epidemic in the
fire service this is something that's
going to consume us researchers say
today's fires involving synthetics
plastics and chemicals can cover
firefighters in a toxic suit I have the
kidney cancer I am brain cancer there's
no cure fired on the memorial wall at
fire headquarters the faces of cancer
190 firefighters who've died of
job-related cancer just since 1990 far
more than the number who have died
actually fighting fires
who is responsible for this rub a lot
that was an NBC news report that's
exactly what we'd like to find out right
now we know that the firefighting
community has very high levels of these
chemicals in their blood blood testing
that's been done over the years has
indicated this is a particularly highly
exposed community they're not only
exposed to these chemicals in the
firefighting foam that they use and
often are coated in but there's concern
that a lot of the equipment or gear that
they've worn over the years that some of
the stain proofing or waterproofing
materials may have been manufactured
using some of these chemicals and trace
amounts of those chemicals may have also
ended up on the on the on the coatings
as well and can any of those chemicals
then get into the human body because of
that and this is something that has
never adequately been researched to date
and we have been actually asking age the
federal agencies including I sent a
letter to the ATSDR the same agency we
talked about earlier in September last
September asking in pleading for the
agency to do a national study of
firefighters that have been exposed to
these chemicals so not only should we be
studying people who are exposed to these
chemicals in drinking water but the
firefighting community who has this
special additional exposure we need to
be studying this to find out are these
very high cancer rates that we just
heard about related to these chemicals
in the equipment and the foams that
they've been using finally overall how
can people protect themselves and who
which are the corporations that make
this most of these chemicals this entire
family of chemicals which now includes
about 3,000 chemicals that are part of
what we call the per and poly fluoro
alkylated
known there the chemicals that have
eight carbons or C eights there are now
a bunch of related chemicals that have
been made that are some that are C 4 C
sixes that were hoped to be safer that
are now showing up a same of the same
toxicity concerns a lot of those
chemicals that chemistry was originally
invented by the 3m company DuPont
manufactured PFOA for many years so then
you have a variety of companies that use
those materials and make other products
well I want to thank you very much for
being with us we'll continue to follow
these stories and cases Rob a lot our
guests represented 70,000 citizens and
lawsuits against DuPont successfully won
compensation for his clients whose
drinking water had been contaminated by
toxic chemicals used to make Teflon a
lot as a leading environmental lawyer
recipient of the 2017 Right Livelihood
award was the subject of a 2016 New York
Times Magazine article headlined the
lawyer who became DuPont's worst
nightmare when we come back we'll speak
with one of the most famous
whistleblowers in the world yes Daniel
Ellsberg stay with us
