says democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman we begin today's show in
Burma where two journalists from the
Reuters news agency have entered their
third month in jail while lone and
Costolo were arrested December 12th and
charged with violating Burma's Official
Secrets Act they've been denied bail and
face up to 14 years in jail at the time
of the arrest they were investigating a
massacre committed by the Burmese
military targeting rohila Muslims in the
village of India in September while the
two journalists remain in prison other
journalists with Reuters have continued
to piece together what happened and
Indian in a shocking new expose Reuters
reports Burmese soldiers and members of
an informal militia executed 10 row
hanga Muslim captives at least two of
the men were hacked to death the others
were shot reuters published one photo
showing the ten men lined up in a row on
the day of their execution the ten men
are kneeling on the ground with their
hands tied behind their backs a second
photo shows the men's bloodied bodies
buried in a single grave the dead
included two high school students
fishermen shopkeepers and an Islamic
teacher the killings were part of what
the United Nations has described as a
textbook example of ethnic cleansing
since last year at least 6700 row hanga
Muslims have been killed in Burma entire
villages have been destroyed about
700,000 ramanga have fled across the
border into Bangladesh the jailing of
the Bernese journalists has sparked
international outrage on Tuesday the
group Penh America announced it will
honor Walloon and Kosovo with this
year's freedom to write award on Sunday
fellow journalists and Burma took part
in a protest this is salad tongs in of
the publication the Irrawaddy dear new
mangani how throughout the al-karim ho
ho the situation is now more obvious
that why alone and chaos oh oh were
arrested because of their investigative
report on the Indian massacre
journalists have the right to access the
news according to journalistic ethics
this incident is an abuse of justice
this is also evidence that the media are
being intimidated in Burma
earlier today the imprisoned Reuters
reporters while owned and Castle whoa
appeared in a Burmese court as lone left
the court he said quote I can tell you
we worked in accordance with media
ethics I totally believe that we go now
to Singapore to speak with Anthony it's
ludkov ski Reuters bureau chief in Burma
he worked closely with Willona and
Kosovo and co-wrote Reuters new special
report Anthony welcome to Democracy Now
we have a number of issues to discuss
the two Burmese reporters your
colleagues have just been in a Burmese
Court they faced 14 years in jail and
you've just released this explosive
expose that they and you were working on
can you talk about what happened in
Indian and why then these two reporters
were arrested right so I think this this
story that Willona and chozo worked on
is you know it's really important for
sort of three three main reasons first
of all it's this painstaking detailed
account of the execution of these ten
men who were apparently picked at random
by the security forces held overnight at
school and then the following day they
were executed as he said in your
material before I came on air they were
shopkeepers they were fishermen
two of them were students and and we
also were able to meet their families in
Bangladesh you know who have since fled
to Bangladesh and who told us about them
and recognize them on these dramatic
pictures before the execution but apart
from the this incredibly detailed
reconstruction of of that of that
execution what's really striking in what
Willona and chozo uncovered in northern
Rakhine is also not
the depth but also the breath breath of
the of their reporting so the story is
actually not only limited to Indian it
also goes beyond and discusses the
dynamics that the mechanics of of this
military operation across a wider area
there was reporting from villages
several miles to the north of Indian
where we're also hearing about very
similar accounts of how the security
forces and the Buddhist Rakhine Buddhist
villagers you know carried out burnings
or of the of the Ranger homes etc and
and I think the third really important
thing is that these accounts are for the
first time coming from the the people
who carried out those acts themselves so
we have insider accounts from police
officers describing how they actually
went about raiding those villages
villages we also have accounts from
Rakhine Buddhists and not just one or
two but but but many many many thereof
so so I think that those are really like
the three key points that really tied
this story together and and perhaps you
know and this is sort of what well owned
and Tosa were working on and we're very
proud of their reporting and and I know
from the hearing in Yangon today that
they were very happy with the with the
impact that the story has had so far so
can you talk about the day they were
picked up Anthony
December 12th what they were doing in
line with you talking about the
particular significance of this report
is that this was a report based on
admissions by the killers in this
massacre right so well on until so we're
meeting two police officers
never met before for dinner as reporters
around the world do what we do is we
meet people we we discuss you know
things with them and they were handed
over some documents that they never even
had a chance to look at they were told
you know look at them when you get back
home but before they were able to get
back home immediately after leaving the
restaurant they were apprehended they
were arrested by the police and and we
was able to send me a text message
saying I have been arrested and we spent
the whole night trying to find out more
information about them going from one
police station to another trying to
establish their there were about only
several hours later the immerse me
immerse authorities released a statement
saying that they they have been arrested
but even from that point for about two
weeks they were held without access to
lawyers and families and then eventually
emerged that a court hearing like I said
pretty much two weeks two weeks after
they were arrested let's turn to your
imprisoned colleague Walloon he briefly
spoke to reporters earlier this month as
police led him away in handcuffs from a
courtroom the police told us to sign a
document about our arrests when we were
detained they said they will add more
charges unless we sign the document so
then we see the military putting him in
a car and taking him away earlier this
month the office of un secretary-general
Antonio Guterres called for the
journalists release citing the erosion
of press freedom in Burma on Tuesday
deputy UN political affairs chief
Miroslav djenka were iterated calls for
the journalists to be released let me
address the unfortunate arrest of two
Reuters journalists Valona
so I Oh the secretary-general has called
in clear terms for the release of the
journalists and urged the authorities to
respect the right to freedom of
expression and information allow me to
reiterate those calls here today the
ability to exercise the right to freedom
of expression and information is a
barometer for respect for human rights
more broadly reuters has now published
the story these journalists were working
on a deeply disturbing account of the
execution of 10 Rohan gammon in Indian
village mung daal in northern Rakhine
State The Associated Press has also
published a report of five mass graves
in good urban village in booted on these
and other shocking reports of grave
abuses demand our attention and action
for the sake of lasting peace and
justice and now I want to turn to
Burma's ambassador to the United Nations
how does one speaking just Tuesday
mr. president the case of two Reuters
reporters has attracted much attention
in recent weeks
NUMA recognises freedom of press and
they were not arrested for reporting the
two reporters are charged and the
official secret act for illegally
possessing confidential government
documents every citizens is bound by the
existing law of the land it is important
that the action of journalists must also
be within the bounds of the law in
accordance with the judicial procedure
we have full legal rights as defendants
in the course of legal proceedings
so that's Burma's ambassador to the UN
Anthony slack offski can you respond to
what he's saying well as we have
published in our in the special report
the the investigation that they were
carrying out is what prompted their
arrest and I may just say that you know
just you know
in addition and you know I wouldn't want
to sort of directly respond but you know
I'll just say that we we believe that we
may have just lost that feed to
Singapore though I think we're gonna get
him back we're talking to Antony's
letovsky who is the Reuters bureau chief
in Burma he co-wrote the special report
with the two imprisoned reporters they
were in prison December 2012 let's see
if he can hear us Anthony you were just
responding to the allegation that the
Burmese ambassador to the UN said right
so like I said before I think that well
first of all the the story I hope shows
to the whole world and also the the
Myanmar public that these two
individuals were not some suspicious
people doing something strange or I
don't know you know that the indeed they
were journalists working incredibly hard
on a very important story of the you
know a story of global importance and
they are not just any journalists but
but journalists of you know of the
highest order and we believe that they
have done nothing wrong and and we're
confident and the legal proceedings will
show that and I just want to clarify for
listeners viewers readers when we use
these words Burma and Myanmar the same
country Myanmar was the name that the
military regime gave to Burma the
capital Rangoon they renamed Yangon
Anthony Flud coughs key is the Reuters
bureau chief in Burma but we're speaking
to him right now in Singapore now the
issue of Aung San su Chi known around
the world as the Nobel Peace Laureate
who herself was imprisoned for years
what role has she played in this she's
the de facto leader I mean
she doesn't have the formal title of
president of Burma
she's been criticized many have said she
her Nobel Peace Prize should be revoked
can you talk about the significance of
what she is and is not saying Antony
right so I think the the ambassador
numerous ambassador to the UN is
obviously a you know he works for the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs which is run
by Aung San su Chi who has several
different roles in one of them is the
role of the Minister of Foreign Affairs
so I you know I you know I believe that
he was speaking on behalf of the
government and I'll just leave it at
that but you know I think more broadly
we hope we as journalists and Reuters
are here are in Myanmar to report on
report the facts and report on the
events of global importance and this
story that Willona and chozo worked on
and published contributes to our
understanding and to the understanding
of you know everybody in llamar
including I hope state councilor Anson
suji of indeed what transpired in
northern Rakhine it's the most
comprehensive most detailed accounts to
date and for the first time we're
hearing from several Rakhine buddhist
members of the security forces
describing in great detail the
the burnings the lootings and also that
the dramatic execution in early
September last year on Sunday britain's
Foreign Minister Boris Johnson met with
displaced working of Muslims hours after
meeting with Burma's de facto leader
Aung San su Chi Johnson later told
reporters she's not sure whether su Chi
quote really understands the full horror
of what has happened yes the difficulty
is that to be honest I'm not sure she
really understands the full horror of
what has happened up here I don't think
she's been up in a helicopter to see
what we have seen today and really what
I was trying to get over to is the
importance of leadership I believe in
her and I believe in her leadership I
think she's done incredible things in
her life I'm very sad to see what's
happening to Burma now and to see the
direction the country is going I believe
she can still make a change and make a
difference but to do that she needs to
show lead get the agencies in get the
refugees back home in a way that is safe
and voluntary and and dignified so let's
wrap up Antony slack offski your
colleagues have just been in court just
hours ago they faced 14 years in jail
for exposing this latest report you
decided to talk about your decision to
release this report as they were in jail
they weren't arrested before the report
came out and the effect that this
Massacre in September in Indian had on
the Rohingya population more than half a
million of whom have fled to neighboring
Bangladesh right so when one inch also
were first arrested we focused all our
efforts in all our energy on making sure
that they are safe and safety sort of a
paramount importance for
Reuters you know and the safety of our
stuff both in Miami and around the world
after we were able to clarify their
legal situation we decided that this is
our duty and obligation to the global
public - and the public in llamar - to
go ahead and publish this groundbreaking
investigation and Malone and chozo both
very strongly supported that decision in
the end we're all journalists and and
this is what we do and then in terms of
the impact that this massacre had on
there were hinge a population well the
the this is what we were able to report
on under incredibly difficult
circumstances let's not forget that
access to northern Rakhine State and
that part of Myanmar s is is curtailed
de facto by the security forces and it's
not you know easy to go there and to be
able to to report on it independently
and to speak to all the stakeholders
without without consequences so so you
know what we've seen at the United
Nations Security Council meeting
yesterday was that a lot of a lot of
observers and a lot of diplomats have
underscored that this report as many as
well as other reports that have come out
recently highlight the need for for sort
of thorough and independent
investigation into into those
allegations that are being raised around
the world according according to those
diplomats president that Security
Council meeting yesterday
Anthony's letovsky we thank you for
being with us Reuters bureau chief and
burma and myanmar he co-wrote the
special report on the massacre in Indian
in northern Burma on Tuesday the group
Penh America announced it will honor his
imprisoned colleagues jaw soul and
Walloon
this year's freedom to write award which
will be awarded next Tuesday the two
have been jailed in Burma after
investigating the massacre committed by
the Burmese military against her hingle
Muslims in the village of Indian this is
democracy now when we come back the
budget-busting budget in Washington DC
will speak with a Congress member about
what it means for the American
population stay with us and others
