this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world the White House has authorized
the FBI to partially expand its
investigation into Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh but the agency is still
being forced to wrap up its probe this
week the focus of the investigation is
on allegations made by dr. Christine
Blasi for that Cavanaugh attempted to
rape her in 1982 but the FBI has also
reached out to Deborah Ramirez a former
classmate of Kavanagh at Yale who says
he thrust his genitals into her face
during a party while the FBI has talked
to Ramirez NBC News reports agents have
not followed up on claims by their
mutual friends that Cavanaugh asked them
to go on the record in his defense prior
to the publication of an article in The
New Yorker outlining our allegations
former Yale classmate Terry Bertram says
she tried to give the FBI text messages
proving that Kavanagh and or his friends
quote may have initiated an anticipatory
narrative as early as July in order to
quote conceal or discredit that
immediate NBC reports Brett Kavanaugh
tried to obtain a photograph from a 1997
wedding quote in order to show himself
smiling alongside Ramirez ten years
after they graduated unquote while the
two did appear in the same group photo a
friend of Ramirez said she attempted to
stay far away from Kavanaugh and his
friends during the wedding Kavanaugh
reportedly initiated the contact with
former classmates before the New Yorker
published its report about Ramirez on
September 23rd this seems to contradict
his testimony Thursday when he was
questioned by Republican senator Orrin
Hatch when was the first time that the
ranking member of her staff asked you
about these allegations today when did
you first hear of mr. Ramirez's
allegations against you in the last in
the period since then the New Yorker
story
that the ranking member or any of her
colleagues or any of their staffs ask
you about miss Ramirez allegations
before they were leaked to the press no
when was the first time that the ranking
member or any of her colleagues or any
of their staff asked you about miss much
Ramirez's allegations today this comes
as the Washington Post reports the
slightly expanded investigation will now
include a look into allegations by a
third Cavanagh accuser Julie sweating
dick who says she observed Kavanaugh at
high school parties in the 1980s joining
efforts to inebriate girls so they could
be gang raped recently resurfaced 1983
yearbooks from Georgetown Prep show
students bragging about the use of
killer cues during Beach week a possible
reference to quaaludes the senate's of
bill cosby used to drug women in order
to rape them now a group of alumni from
Brett Cavanaugh's all-male private high
school has issued a call for fellow
graduates of Georgetown Prep to come
forward if they have information about
any sexual assaults possibly committed
by the Supreme Court nominee saying in a
petition quote please do not remain
silent
even if speaking out comes at some
personal cost in a minute we'll be
joined by one of those alumni but first
I want to turn to comments of judge
Cavanaugh made about Georgetown Prep he
was speaking at Catholic universities
Columbus School of Law in 2015
fortunately we had it we had a good
saying that we've we've held firm to the
to this day as the Dean was reminding me
before before the talk which is what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep that's been a good thing
for all of us thank you well for more
we're joined by a bill Barbeau he was a
freshman at the all-male Georgetown Prep
high school when Brett Kavanaugh was a
senior
after Cavanaugh's testimony Thursday
Barbeau co-authored the petition calling
on fellow graduates to come forward if
they have any information about any
sexual assaults possibly committed by
the Supreme Court nominee bill Barbeau
is joining us five phone from the
Washington DC
area bill welcome to Democracy Now can
you talk about why you started this
petition and how many people have signed
on so far yeah I was we were first moved
to do this because we felt that it was
stunning to me that we as a community I
believe know so much about what was
going on during the 80s and the in
Krupps party culture and that there were
many graduates of the class of 83 who
were close to Brett but who have not
shown their faces they've not they've
not spoken out about what was going on
either in his defense or in dr. Ford's
defense and so I was stunned by that
silence and felt we have to try to do
something to to shake my classmates and
my schoolmates up and get them to think
this is an opportunity for you to do the
right thing and if if our little
petition and our drive to get them to
speak gets even one of them to say
something that I feel it's been a
success and Bill Barbeau are you were a
freshman when Brett Kavanaugh was a
senior at this school did you how well
did you know him and when you were saw
the testimony how did that jibe with
your recollections of what he was like
well I didn't know Brett personally and
I think it's important to note that I I
don't consider myself a witness in this
case in any way shape or form again I
was a freshman he was a senior he was a
very big personality on campus he was a
football player he was captain of the
basketball team it was hard in a roughly
400 person school not to know who the
real social leaders were even as a
freshman so I knew him and his crew more
by reputation than personal observation
however it just struck me during his
testimony that given what I know about
perhaps party culture in the 80s and
knowing that he bragged openly on his
yearbook page about his participation in
that party culture that he would rule
out categorically the possibility that
something untoward or downright illegal
could have happened when he was under
the influence of
alcohol and that just felt wrong to me
and I know that there are there must be
people who are closer to him closer in
age and closer in social commitment
commingling that have to know more about
what was going on and I think we've been
seeing that from his Yale classmates and
I would like to see that from his Prep
classmates in 1990 the Washington Post
reported that Headmaster's from seven
prestigious Washington DC area private
schools including yours Georgetown Prep
and Cavanaugh's had sent a letter to
warn parents about a party culture among
their children which included heavy
drinking leading to quote sexual or
violent behavior the article quotes the
headmaster at Holton arm saying quote a
number of parents and kids have
expressed dismay over some of the
situations that weekend parties were
concerned about the potential for
tragedy bill Barbeau can you respond to
that yeah I unfortunately wasn't
familiar with that article when it was
printed and in 1990 that was when I was
graduating from college but what I read
yesterday when it was first forwarded to
me shocked me in in some way because it
was an acknowledgement on the part of
the administration's of the schools that
we all went to that there was a severe
problem and it was a severe problem but
what is what is shocking and upsetting
to me is that as I understand it not
much institutionally has been done to
really put a stop to it and I know that
there is a very very steep hill to climb
for educators in managing teenage kids I
know that is as a parent of a teenager
myself my son 17 it's not easy for
parents to get involved but I just feel
like wow that was a long time ago and
we're still fighting the same battle
with underage drinking and drug use with
a culture of party culture that seems to
be accepting of illegal behavior and
dangerous behavior and I just wish that
there was something more that that we
could have done in the 28 years plus
that have transpired since since that
letter came out
now you have a close to 70 names on this
letter that you you issue what do you
hope to do with with it and what are you
hope are all the people who signed the
petition willing to go public with their
names or well it's it's closer to a
hundred now I actually didn't look at
the number this morning I should have
it's been growing since we released it
on Saturday which is probably a tricky
day to try to get people to pay
attention to it but since we've started
to get some news coverage on it we've
been getting more and more signatories
and we've been very judicious with how
we're going to proceed because there are
a number of folks who signed who for
various reasons such as their employee
by the federal government can't have
their names released publicly but did
they did sign it in that they wanted to
indicate support so we're having to be
very thoughtful and we're contacting
everyone individually to make sure that
they are aware that we intend to go
public with their name make sure that
they are who they say they are and that
we didn't end up with some false entries
but the concern that I have right now is
that I'm not all that sure how
interested the FBI is in our list they
have their hands full and that's what is
so urgent about this situation to me is
a week is not very much time for the FBI
to conduct a very thorough investigation
they have to identify locate and
interview a lot of people if they really
want to get to the bottom of this so
they may have their hands full which
leads me to believe that the press may
be a more effective way to get the word
out and to get our letter to see the
light of day and for then fellow prep
alumni to take the action of saying you
know what I do have a story and I do
think that's important that it be heard
bill barb oh you said in an interview
with The Washingtonian consent as a
concept did not even exist it was not in
our lexicon at Georgetown Prep explain
well I feel culturally it's important to
recognize that the 80s were a very
different time and place for the country
at large not just in Pride
schools private all-boys schools
everywhere
we weren't talking a whole lot about the
sexual dynamic between boys and girls at
the high school level it just wasn't
part of the conversation when you
compound that by having an all-boys
private school that's Catholic the
likelihood of meaningful conversations
between administrators between parents
and kids coming up to try to recognize
the fact that there are thousands of
shades of Gray's between the gentlemanly
conduct which was which was the
shorthand at the time to tell us how we
were supposed to behave around girls and
and down-and-out rape there's so much
nuance in there and it's a lot to cover
and there needed to be in retrospect
hindsight is always 20/20 a more
concerted effort on the parts of parents
administrators the school itself to to
lock horns with the fact that good kids
do do bad things especially when alcohol
is involved and I think it's easy to
criticize them now through the lens of
2018 but but I just just to be very
honest about the milieu in which we were
operating at that time we weren't
talking about the subtleties of sexual
dynamics we were barely talking about
the mechanics of sexuality I learned
most of what I knew about sexuality from
my middle school health and sex
education class not from conversations
that I was having in high school about
how you know when it's okay to have sex
and how you know when and how to stop
yourself when it's not okay Oh a breath
Kavanagh senior yearbook page refers to
him as a quote cake city club treasurer
100 cakes or bust and says he was the
quote biggest contributor to the beach
week Ralph Columbus as well as a
reference to the Grenada alumnus could
you talk about these references that you
saw in the yearbook and what they what
they would mean to you as someone who
was part of the school a part of that
school or as with many private schools
that have a whole page dedicated to each
kid it is a place for you to commemorate
your time at school it's
your way of writing your finger right in
your name of the wet cement so that
you're for all eternity locked down it's
a way to commemorate inside jokes that
you have with your friends and and just
to basically have a laugh because we
didn't have Instagram or Facebook then
so you couldn't go back and and take a
look at the old photos any by any other
means besides looking at your yearbook
so collectively we all made up a lot of
stuff some of it could have been
exaggerated some of it could have been
entirely faked but what I saw in on
Brett's page was a championing of the
drinking culture and and you don't if
you're an innocent choirboy who
occasionally likes to have a beer call
yourself the the captain of Keck city or
whatever it was that he said on these
these are things that just don't sit
right with me
and struck me as very much at odds with
how he portrayed himself in his
interview on Fox and how he portrayed
himself in front of the Senate on
Thursday bill Barbeau the editors of
America magazine the National weekly
published the Jesuits of the united by
the Jesuits of the United States called
for Cavanaugh's nomination to be
withdrawn your school Georgetown Prep
where Cavanaugh was a student when he
allegedly assaulted Christine Blasi is a
Jesuit High School can you talk about
what that meant to you when the Jesuits
came out against Kavanagh I felt it was
a very powerful statement I think that
there are a lot of folks who are
probably listening to me speak right now
who are saying why are you doing this
why are you trying to take down your
school I'm not trying to take down my
school from my perspective I'm trying to
stand up for my school I'm trying to
stand up for all the good men who have
gone through that school I'm trying to
stand up for what I believe were the
values that were instilled in us as
students there of truth of honesty of
integrity and so I felt vindicated in a
way by the Jesuits choosing to withdraw
their nomination because I think they
recognized as do I that in Brett we have
like all of us a a flawed human being
but he's not acknowledging those flaws
and he's not embracing the fact that we
have passed we all have the ability and
capacity to make mistakes but you atone
for them you lock horns with them you
acknowledge them you realize that you
could have caused pain for another human
being you don't run away from it you
don't hide behind verbal gymnastics as
he was doing on Thursday and I I felt
proud that the Jesuits chose to
recognize that and and realize that we
we as a community of students and and
coming from that that that history and
that legacy can do better and should do
better and bill barb oh you've you've
gone out publicly with this petition
you're you've done interviews but you're
declining to be to be on air or seen
publicly can you talk about why well
dr. Ford has received death threats and
she's she is obviously the key person in
all of this so I don't like to overstate
that I'm somehow on equal importance as
she is but I am very concerned that this
battle for for judge Cavanaugh's
nomination is seen by many in the
community as a proxy battle for other
larger wars such as the the war against
roe v wade and there are obviously
numerous historical precedents for
violence being done to those who are
willing to speak out against these
things I'm a parent of three kids I've
got a teenager and two small children
I've got a wife who I love dearly and
putting them in danger simply because my
face needs to be seen on television just
doesn't seem wise and I'd really rather
my voice carry the message that we're
trying to get across now Neal Gorsuch
was also a student at Georgetown Prep is
that right bill between you and and
Brett Kavanaugh Cavanaugh senior you a
freshman would score such a year above
you yes he was a sophomore when I was a
freshman any comments when when Neal was
first nominated and then
put on to the cord I accepted it as a
pretty vanilla nomination on the part of
the president he wants to pack the court
with reliable conservatives and for as
long as I've known Neil he was he was a
conservative he made no bones about that
when he was in high school I think that
the the process through which Neil was
nominated and the words that he used to
describe his past and his experience are
very different from how Brett has been
acting and what he's been saying and I'm
no fan of Neil's I really would love to
see a much more progressive Supreme
Court personally but I accept the fact
that we didn't win the election and it's
a product of the President to nominate
whoever he wants but what I do want to
see is some one of the deepest and most
unimpeachable character and integrity on
the court and I feel that Neil can
embody that even if his politics differ
from mine in ways that I have very big
concerns about Brett's well we want to
thank you for being with us bill Barbeau
freshman at the all-male Georgetown Prep
high school when Brett Kavanaugh was a
senior after Kavanagh testified Thursday
bill Barbeau co-authored a petition now
of over a hundred names calling on
fellow graduates to come forward if they
have information about any sexual
assaults possibly committed by the
Supreme Court nominee this is democracy
now when we come back
the ACLU rarely takes a position on a
Supreme Court nominee when Brett
Kavanaugh was first nominated they
wouldn't take a position we had them on
and they were clear they've changed
their minds stay with us
you
