[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman as we continue our
conversation with the world renowned
filmmaker Raoul Peck who is releasing a
film today in Los Angeles in New York on
the life and times of Karl Marx it's
called the young Karl Marx Raul Peck is
an acclaimed Haitian filmmaker a
political activists as documentary I am
NOT your negro has just won the top
documentary prize at the British Academy
Film Awards or BAFTA on Sunday it was
nominated for an Oscar last year his
previous films include Lumumba death of
a prophet Haiti the Silence of the dogs
and sometimes in April about the Rwandan
genocide Raoul Peck also briefly served
as Hades Minister of Culture in the
1990s it's great to have you back to
continue this conversation I want to
play one more time Wayne LaPierre we
played this in the first part of the
conversation he's head of the National
Rifle Association you have his comments
attacking the student-led movement for
gun control after the Parkland massacre
were a young man trained by the military
and the NRA nineteen year old Nicholas
Cruz has been charged with murdering 17
people 14 of them students three
teachers and coaches as he went into his
alma mater his old school and gunned
people down it wasn't a week before the
head of the NRA one of the most powerful
lobbying institutions in the United
States has broken their silence and has
gone after those who want to do
something about gun control this is
Wayne LaPierre on college campuses a
communist manifesto is one of the most
frequently assigned texts Karl Marx is
the most assigned economist and there
are now over 100 chapters of young
democratic socialists of America at many
universities and students are even
earning
Demming credit for promoting socialist
causes in too many classrooms all over
the United States and I know you think
about this when you decide where you're
going to kid send your kids to school
and your kids think about it too the
United States Constitution is ignored
United States history is perverted and
the Second Amendment freedom in this
country is despised
so that's Wayne LaPierre you have chosen
to look at the Communist Manifesto Raul
Peck to look at the life of Karl Marx
and talk about significance in shaping
history of the world
Wednesday mark the hundred 70th
anniversary of the publication of Karl
Marx and Frederick Engels seminal texts
the communist manifesto may 5th marks
the 200th anniversary of the birth of
Karl Marx is Wayne LaPierre write that
all over the United States people are
learning the Communist Manifesto well
what I would say first is to try to take
a little bit distance to this actuality
going on right now in fact if we lose
too much time
trying to decipher what this man just
said in this clip you know that's how
they get us you know they set up the
agenda and usually an agenda full of
ignorance because half of what he said
it is the result of total ignorance the
same way unfortunately the president is
totally ignorant on a majority of
subjects and so we lost that battle that
what I call the rhetorical battle
because they it's easy for them to just
say a lie or say totally ignorant
comment and then we usually try to
deconstruct that comment and but you
usually don't have the time to do that
so I will not go or go into whatever he
said which is totally ignorant and why I
choose to tell that story of the young
Karl Marx
young angles and young Janey marks is
the beginning of it all it's the
beginning of the alienation that goes
with capitalism capital is at center of
capitalist is the making of profit and
there is nothing wrong to produce
merchandise but there is something wrong
when your production is just gain is
just toward profit Marx called that the
not the alienation but you know that you
follow profit as an only gold you know
and at the stage where it doesn't matter
what damage it does to a community it
doesn't it doesn't matter like in the
case of Florida you know young people
were killed and you still go on TV or in
front of the press and saying we don't
care what is important is still being
able to sell guns and to make money and
make profit this is the total
fetishization I was looking for the term
of profit you know where you don't even
know why you want to make so much money
and and so it's important to come back
to Marx who did analyze that particular
historical society which is the
capitalist society which now have gone
global I want to go back to the trailer
of the young Karl Marx how do you do
nice to meet you
Sunaina owns foundries you employ as
many workers including children we've no
choice without child labor but we price
ourselves out of the market and where
would a society without exploitation
leave people like you you would have to
work too
so he would control notice we must fight
the establishment it is soon the old
world will crumble despise they are
swine and grow fat on the sweat of
neighborhoods they can try to stop us
but they cannot stop our minds a few
nights in jail will do us some good
gentlemen I'm all yours car topic for
Stan the gangers the man who takes to
the museum you can be either have you
read my work I've read yours
you're the greatest thinker of our times
happiness requires rebellion but
everything can change nothing lasts
forever will overthrow the old order
it's time to wake up until now
philosophers interpreted the world but
it must be transformed
[Music]
no they are not they are enemies to free
minds and free spirits ezel did
expensive did it work
by the order of the Prime Minister you
expect from France
[Music]
what name stirs in the veins of such
inspired writing comics the trailer for
the young hallmarks that is just being
released in the United States in Los
Angeles and New York again a film that
is said in the factories and ferment of
Paris of Brussels Prussia England of the
1840s but people don't actually unlike
what Wayne LaPierre said learn very much
about Karl Marx in the United States and
in classes yes tell us his story
well basically Karl Marx come from a
very long tradition of rabbis his father
had to convert it to Christianity
because at the time in Germany to get
some certain job you couldn't be Jewish
and he very early on in his life he was
revolted because don't forget it was a
Europe of repression it was a young chef
most kings and queens in Europe we're
family and they got together to keep the
the the whole continent under their
power and we're talking at the mid 19th
century yes exactly and you know there
was a time where you had famine in
Ireland you know that's why you know
when this country America you know
refugees came they were trying to find a
new life because they were dying by the
hundred thousands so in this time you
see those people who come from
middle-class angles come even from a
very rich family and just really angles
father had factory in Germany and
factories in Manchester Manchester was
the really the city where capital is
really developed the first meal the
first xtr textile factories and also
exploitation you know in that same city
they were producing incredible amount of
wealth
and at the same time Manchester was like
a slum in Brazil or in Haiti people were
barefoot
men women children in winter in that
same city that was you know the center
of wealth in the 19th century 80s 19th
century so and those young people they
start documenting that and they start
working on that to explain you know this
is not the way we should continue to
live and they start organizing and they
said more importantly to research that
you know Marx spent a lot of time in in
the in the libraries you know reading
every economies that existed reading
every philosopher that existed his
teacher said of Marx when he was 19 he
had his PhD at 19 the man was a genius
his teacher said well if you want to
meet did all Voltaire Hagel in one man
you should meet that that young man so
it's an incredible story of coming of
age adult age of three young people in
the Europe of 19th century so talk about
how Cora Marx
meets Frederick Engels well when calmus
had to leave Germany and go into exile
to Paris to start a new newspaper and
because he believed in education he
believed in you know it's not about
putting people in the street to protest
its first about educating them you know
why are they fighting for and what are
they fighting for and in what kind of
society they are and and Inga's used to
send article to that same magazine and
one day he came to Paris and they met
and it was the beginning of a long story
but they stayed ten full days drinking
laughing playing chess writing and
making projects and Marx was in Paris
already married
he was a young newlywed and they just
had their first child Jenny Chang a
young girl and and they became
inseparable and they I think each one
recognized in the other the role they
could play together so set up this clip
for us this is from the young Karl Marx
and this is a scene between Karl Marx
Frederick Engels and Marx's wife Jenny
who is there coming up with a title for
the book that would later be the
Communist Manifesto
yeah and it's seen before is that they
spent the whole night drinking
discussing and coming late at home and
of course Janie had to take care of the
baby as it usually is and in the morning
she cannot really curse them but at the
same time she's making fun at them a
little bit and that's that's the scene
at the breakfast scene in the in Janie's
kitchen this is a scene from the young
Karl Marx we're leaving already
thank you for your hospitality
Genoa ziti your generosity no matters to
see to matters of the heart
don't forget our matter boy how could I
we didn't just drink last night and we
took notes
you're going to write a book together a
critique of sterner Bauer those
sentimental Berlin socialists the
writers of the so-called critical
critique will bring things to a head
returning to a head yes sir and the
title device we're just starting I
imagine a title looking at you both
critic de la etiqueta critique of
critical cookie
that's a scene from the young car
markzware Jenny marx recommends okay the
title of the book should be critique of
critical critique talk about this what
it meant when this book was published
where were they well we are 1848 and at
that time angles and marks were summoned
by the league of the Jews which was one
of the biggest organization of artisan
because at the time you know what we
call today the working class did not
really exist and was not really
organized the people were organized
where the artisan you know the tailor
the wood worker and all those guys who
you know where their own you know their
own bosses and they were the
revolutionary of the time but the work
the workers they were like treated like
animals so at the beginning of this the
league dishes started to shift and marks
and angles where like young people you
know starting that to to work with them
and they asked them you know we need a
book that will explain to all followers
what is what is the fight where we are
making and having and so they they had
to write it in the form that any workers
could understand it and they finish and
at the end of the film where they write
that famous communist manifesto which
became the most read book in the whole
history of humankind by the way still
today yesterday it was the 117
anniversary of this particular book and
so they were in write in 1848 there was
right after that a revolution of course
the book was so new nobody had ever read
it but historically people think that
the manifesto created the Revolution in
48 which was almost in every
country in Europe at the time from
France to Belgium to Italy to Germany
and it was the first big revolution and
we can say of workers rebelling against
the powers and but it wasn't until you
know the beginning of the 20th century
that the book the manifesto became
really well read everywhere because it's
it's basically the description of what
is capitalism and what is it it is
causing and and what is at this Center
meeting the the curse - - for profit you
know and Marx and angers even describe
what we have today how that capitalism
have no limit and it will invade the
whole world and it will continue until
something happen and make it explode but
you can read the whole first chapter of
this manifesto and and really have a
description of what's going on today
with globalization with change you
rarely see the grassroots mechanism that
caused the change and I wanted to turn
to another clip from the young Karl Marx
this is the meeting the meeting of the
league the league of the justwell you
set it up roll back well I think it's
the meaning the first meeting that Mary
Burns
Angles working-class girlfriend managed
to get them because those guys they were
really in hiding they in fact their
activities were hidden behind cultural
activity because at the same they were
looked after by the police etc so Mary
was thrown out of France who marks yes
he was expelled at one point because he
wrote another article that the German
and the French didn't like and the
German asked the French to expel him so
he went to Belgium so in that particular
scene take place in Manchester where
marks and angles went there to meet the
leader of the League of the just which
was the biggest organization and they
knew if they want to organize did he
want to start from scratch they knew
that they had to
and whatever the big organization was
and tried to change it from the inside
and the scene is the first meeting with
the head of the ligament of Judge let's
go to that clip here are the men
friedrich you've seen before and this is
carl comics
[Applause]
the leaks purposes there are two kinds
of men and have been hardened and forged
by manual labor
a man will profit from the fruits of
that labor was worthy another look at
you Lance you're not in the first group
I described in my book you distract from
the outside not from experience
have you experienced poverty prison
persecution excuse me but if you rule us
out before we've even said a word what
is the point of your motto all men are
brothers it's an ideal our ideal is what
we're fighting for
it's our New Jerusalem God what are we
doing here the league needs real men not
eggheads trying to tell it what to do
and think yes but you want to spread
your ideas don't you so test us and
threw us out if you think we're not
useful beautiful but see in fun I knew
you'd been expelled from France too
here you are yeah I'm in Brussels for
now is it these naps
I'm giving talks there this autumn step
on this long road leading to our one
goal the abolition of money yeah I'm
shuffling escapes
let me look at you
you're thinner you've suffered Oh me too
I was shackled and beaten look what they
did to me but they couldn't break my
soul that is a clip from the young Karl
Marx that has just been released in the
United States now showing in New York
and Los Angeles so in that scene you
have the speaker who you can identify
who talks about the league's purposes
talking about there are these two kinds
of men those harmed and forged by manual
labor and men who profit from the fruit
of that labor well the film is a film
also about the oval
of ideas and it was important for me to
show that there wasn't just one movement
there were many thank many leaders who
were fighting for the same cause but who
had different position and and in the
film you see what Marx is bringing
because Marx was bringing a more
scientific socialism but you had on one
side the more populist social is like
fighting you know fighting they didn't
care about who would make the change he
he he said at one point he would even
use criminals you know put them in the
street to topple the government and on
the other side you had Prudhomme who was
more what Marx called you toppest
socialists and Maas was no for you know
we need to analyze what is really
happening we need to understand what are
the structure of that particular system
and that's why he called it scientific
socialists so in the firm I had to find
a way to at least explain those three
different direction
which we can still today see you know we
would put Bernie Sanders more into more
populist although it's not the same
populist as strong you know I prefer a
hundred times more the populist of
Bernie Sanders but those categories
still exist some way in in all the
movement worldwide so you talk about
these two men and the influence of them
on your life and I want it to segue
right now into the previous film you
made a most remarkable one of the most
most amazing documentaries
I have never I have ever seen wait no
and I say that again I've never seen you
talk about Karl Marx and James Baldwin
your which your previous film was about
for which just on Sunday you won the
BAFTA and congratulations for that the
British
oscar's for I am NOT your Negro a
stunning film about James Baldwin talk
about Karl Marx and James Baldwin well
as I say before they were important
mentor to me somehow they they teach me
they taught me how to thank how to
analyze how to take sometimes distance
to you know the day by day occurrence
and in politic as well and and for me
they they were importantly they are
still important because as well as
Baldwin when you read those lines I use
in the film you know he wrote like 40
years ago and you felt he was talking
about what was happening in this country
today and the same with Marx you know
you can you know what they wrote in in
the 19th century about how that capital
is what functioning the type of
blindness or mystification
that is around making profit you know
you know how can money be at the center
of your life you know and money not you
know to earn a living is is normal for
everybody we need money to to live but
to make profit of a profit of a profit
with no other justification than the
accumulation of capital you know when
you look today's a you know the little
group of billionaires you know what can
somebody do with 100 billion on his bank
account what sense does it make and you
could say well he have hundred billions
and he can go home and stay home no he
want more you know he will close down a
factory you know and putting 5,000
people in the streets just to get zero
point one point in on the burn in Wall
