this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers around the country and around
the world
a treaty intended to limit the United
States and Russia's long-range nuclear
arsenals officially takes effect today
but the once-promising treaty signed
eight years ago by President Obama is
overshadowed by a new nuclear arms race
sparked by President Trump on Friday the
Trump administration unveiled its new
nuclear weapons strategy which involves
spending at least 1.2 trillion dollars
to upgrade the United States nuclear
arsenal including developing some
completely new nuclear weapons the
Nuclear Posture review calls for
developing low-yield warheads which
critics say blur the lines between the
nuclear and non-nuclear weapons meaning
they are more likely to be used it's
also reportedly seeks to expand the
number of scenarios under which the
United States might consider the use of
nuclear weapons including in response to
a major cyber attack as the New York
Times reports in a front-page article
today quote the Pentagon envisions a new
age in which nuclear weapons are back in
a big way this is deputy defense
secretary Patrick Shanahan speaking
Friday about the Pentagon's Nuclear
Posture review known as the NPR this
review is consistent with u.s. nuclear
policies since the end of the Cold War
it reaffirms that the fundamental role
of US nuclear policy is deterrence and
continues our clear commitment to
non-proliferation and arms control since
the end of the Cold War the United
States has worked to reduce the number
and role of nuclear weapons but the
world looks different since the last NPR
in 2010 the challenging and dynamic
security environment requires steady
action to strengthen deterrence this NPR
responds to today's security needs with
a tailored nuclear deterrence strategy
and flexible capabilities
for effective deterrence prominent
anti-nuclear advocates have denounced
the Pentagon's plan as radical and
extreme world leaders have also
criticized the plan Russia said at risk
provoking and renewed nuclear arms race
China accused Trump of engaging in a new
Cold War iran's Foreign Minister said
the plan brings the world closer to
annihilation this comes as the Bulletin
of Atomic Scientists advanced the
Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to
midnight the clocks a symbolic
timekeeper that tracks the likelihood of
nuclear war and other existential
threats it now stands closer to midnight
than at any time since 1953 the
scientists directly cited president
Trump's nuclear policies and one of the
reasons for advancing the clock for more
we go to Geneva Switzerland where we're
joined by Beatrice Fenn the executive
director of the international campaign
to abolish nuclear weapons it is the
latest organization to win the Nobel
Peace Prize at 1:00 in December
Beatrice Finn well first of all
congratulations on the Nobel Peace Prize
and talk about what this and what's
called the NPR the Nuclear Posture
review the Trump administration's plans
for nuclear weapons what it means for
world peace it's a really dangerous new
policy we've already had a very
dangerous status quo for many years and
this just increases really the risk of
nuclear war it is a policy that lowers
the threshold for using nuclear weapons
and develops new types of nuclear
weapons that would be easier for
President Trump to use it's dangerous
and it puts us on the path towards
nuclear war if we don't act now and be
true soon what what are the commitments
right now of the United States in terms
of lowering or reducing its nuclear
arsenal we the United States have signed
the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
which commits it to negotiate in good
faith nuclear disarmament but so far
that has not taken place but it's not
just in the United States all
nuclear-armed states including Russia
and China for
UK are modernizing their nuclear
arsenals upgrading instead of reducing
their Arsenal's let's go to a clip of
President Trump giving his State of the
Union last week he said he would beef up
the u.s. nuclear arsenal and dismiss
global efforts to ban nuclear weapons as
part of our defense we must modernize
and rebuild our nuclear arsenal
hopefully never having to use it but
making it so strong and so powerful that
it will deter any acts of aggression by
any other nation or anyone else
[Applause]
perhaps someday in the future there will
be a magical moment when the countries
of the world will get together to
eliminate their nuclear weapons
unfortunately we are not there yet sadly
during his State of the Union
Trump escalated his rhetoric against
North Korea once again calling the North
Korean government depraved warning it
poses a nuclear risk to the United
States North Korea's reckless pursuit of
nuclear missiles could very soon
threaten our homeland we are waging a
campaign of maximum pressure to prevent
that from ever happening past experience
has taught us that complacency and
concessions only invite aggression and
provocation I will not repeat the
mistakes of past administrations that
got us into this very dangerous position
we need only look at the depraved
character of the North Korean regime to
understand the nature of the nuclear
threat it could pose to America and to
our allies so that's president Trump
Beatriz Finn in Geneva Switzerland can
you respond to both the talking about
North Korea posing an increased risk to
the United States and how you see that
being resolved and specifically what is
new and what President Trump is
proposing in this Nuclear Posture review
is that any different what President
Obama proposed in the trillion dollar
renovation of the nuclear arsenal the
situation with North Korea is obviously
really dangerous and the United States
has one of the biggest nuclear arsenals
in the world it did not stop it did not
deter North Korea from going nuclear
rather that it encouraged proliferation
and right now we see evidence that
deterrence and using nuclear weapons to
to protect ourselves it's not working it
does not create stability and peace in
the region well rather it escalates
tensions it fuels the crisis and leads
us at risk for nuclear war is therefore
really urgent that we find a diplomatic
solution to this instead of threatening
with more bombs bigger bombs we need to
move towards a diplomatic solution that
does not involve threatening to
indiscriminately slaughter civilians
this policy is of course it's still
bases it on deterrence which nuclear
paws has done before in the United
States but it makes nuclear war more
likely it it lowers the bar for using
them and if we if we keep doing this if
we keep having nuclear weapons and
threatening to use them they will be
used one days I wanted to ask you you
mentioned the other nuclear powers that
are also mocked attempting to modernize
are there are their Arsenal's China has
accused the Trump administration of
embarking on a new cold war could you
talk about that response and also what
China is doing or isn't doing in each
nuclear-armed States right now although
the nine months are involved in big
programs of upgrading and modernizing
and we see this trend with the
nuclear-armed states that they are
increasing the role of nuclear weapons
in the security doctrines it's growing
in importance for these few states but
the rest of the world is going in
another direction over 120 countries
negotiated and concluded a treaty that
prohibits nuclear weapons so we see
these two parallel trends in the world
where a few countries the outliers are
clinging on to these weapons of mass
destruction while the rest of the world
is moving beyond that towards a new type
of security policy that doesn't involve
threatening to indiscriminately murder
civilians in 2016 we spoke to Setsuko
Thurlow a survivor of the u.s. bombing
of Hiroshima in 1945 anti-nuclear
activists now has worked as a social
worker for decades in Toronto Canada
serving japanese-speaking immigrants she
recounted
happened that day August 6 1945
the 13 year old grade 8 student at the
girls school and I was mobilized by the
army like together with a group of about
30 schoolmates and we were trained to
act as decoding assistants and that very
day being Monday we were to start the
day's work the full-fledged
decoding assistant 8 o'clock we had the
morning assembly in the major unite gave
us a pep talk and we said we will do a
best for Emperor's sake and at that
moment I saw the bluish white flash in
the windows I was on the second floor
the wooden building which was one mile
or 1.8 kilometer away from the ground
zero and after seeing the flash I had a
sensation of floating in the air or the
buildings were flattened by the blast
and falling and obviously the building
our dunya was falling and my body was
falling together with it that's the end
of my collection so that was Setsuko
Thurlow speaking to Democracy Now a few
months later she would be with you
Beatrice Finn in Oslo receiving the
Nobel Peace Prize as you both gave an
acceptance speech you also just returned
from Nagasaki where can you tell us what
you did and also specifically what you
think has to be the approach of the
United States and other nations in
dealing with nuclear war yeah
I was just in Nagasaki and it was
incredibly moving to be at the place
that's also visited Hiroshima to see
with my own eyes what the places where
nuclear weapons have been used and I
think is a very important thing to do if
you if you if you're working on nuclear
weapons because this is what we're
talking about I watch the press
conference of the Nuclear Posture review
on Friday and was struck by how
incredibly sterile and abstract the
languages but we're talking about cities
of schools hospitals houses civilians
that is what nuclear weapons are meant
to do wipe out entire cities I think
that is the perspective we have to have
in order to start solving these problems
we know that if we keep nuclear weapons
forever they will be used again and when
I was in Nagasaki was exactly when the
false alarm of the incoming missile came
to Hawaii and to be there and to hear
these stories of survivors of what
happens after nuclear bombs are being
used what happens the days after the
weeks after how people try to rebuild
their lives after words again deal with
the consequences and to know that in
Hawaii mothers and fathers were hiding
their kids running for their lives
trying to figure out who to call those
last minutes it's it's unacceptable that
we have this threat still it is
unacceptable that we keep living under
this problem that we can we can solve it
and States have to really start thinking
about nuclear weapons as real weapons
these are not just geopolitical tools
these are big bombs that are waiting to
be launched and a miscalculation an
accident intentional use if we do there
will be a humanitarian disaster that
would violate the loss of war that were
already being a huge human rights
problems environmental degradation and
it's really urgent that we do something
about this before they are being used
again and Beatrice Freeman when you were
in Japan you were denied a meeting with
the Prime Minister of Japan Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a I'm wondering your
sense Japan being the one country in the
world that was subjected to nuclear
attack what the posture of the current
government of Japan is
compared to those in the past on nuclear
weapons the Japanese government is a
very close military ally to the United
States and feels like it also needs to
be protected by nuclear weapons and
again this problem is that we look at
nuclear weapons as some kind of safety
blanket something that keeps us safe
when it actually increases the threats
it puts us at a higher risk than if we
don't have nuclear weapons if you look
at the situation in North Korea people
of South Korea people of Japan they
don't feel particularly safe right now
because of nuclear weapons having added
more nuclear weapons do not make us more
safer so I think it's there's a gap in
Japan between the the people that want
to honor the victims of Hiroshima
Nagasaki and the people in Tokyo perhaps
that are very closely allied and a
government that close to allied to the
United States military but I think it is
there are ways to to do both we just
need to stop relying on weapons of mass
destruction we don't have to leave
military allies but we need to stop
thinking that indiscriminately killing
of civilians is a legitimate defense
method these days Beatrice Finney want
to thank you for being with us executive
director of the international campaign
to abolish nuclear weapons the latest
winner of the Nobel Peace Prize Beatrice
Fein accepted the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize
on behalf of her group when we come back
we turn to the war at home House Speaker
Paul Ryan tweeted a story of a woman
whose paycheck increased by a dollar
fifty cents a week talking about it is a
major victory for middle-class workers
as a result of the Republican tax bill
will speak with economist Richard wolf
stay with us
