this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez we
spent the rest of the hour with boots
Riley director of sorry to bother you
the dystopian social satire that follows
one Auckland man's rise to the upper
echelons of an evil telemarketing
company only to discover a secret that
threatens all of humankind
here is the critically acclaimed films
trailer
hey cash how much longer I got away for
my money God made this land for all of
us greedy people like you want to hog it
to yourself and your family and me and
my family yeah
gosh I'm your [ __ ] uncle I just
really need a job too stick to the
script
[Music]
mr. Davison Cassius green here sorry to
bother let me give you two you want to
make some money here use your white OS
my white boys never talking about Will
Smith wife thank this young man
hey mr. Kramer this is Langston from
regal view as always we'll be getting
that out to you right away
you don't so good with the voice
[Music]
you're going upstairs for collar they
even have their own elevator
sorry to bother you premiered this year
at the Sundance Film Festival the film
stars include Lakers Stanfield Tessa
Thompson
Arnie hammer Terry Crews and Danny
Glover the film received rave reviews
and is being hailed as one of the best
movies of the summer well for more we're
joined in studio by boots Riley he's the
writer he's the director of the
critically acclaimed film sorry to
bother you poet rapper songwriter
producer screenwriter humorist political
organizer community activist lecturer
public speaker best known as the lead
vocalist of the ku and Street Seaport
social club author of boots Riley tell
homeland security we are the bomb sorry
to bother you is boots Riley's first
feature film boots welcome back to
Democracy Now it's great to have you
with us thanks for having and with this
astounding accomplishment describe it
for us
this is an absurdist dark comedy with
magical realism and science fiction
inspired by the world of telemarketing
in it
lucky Stanfield plays Cassius green
black telemarketer with self-esteem
issues and existential angst who
discovers a magical way to make his
voice sound like it's over dubbed by a
white actor that white actors played by
David Cross hilarity ensues
a couple times one time in school while
I was actually going to film school and
then another time after our second album
I had kind of a 24 year old midlife
crisis where I decided I had been an
artist too long and I quit and me and
some friends created an organization
called young the young comrades and I
needed money to do that and our most
good at sales so I did telemarketing so
you talked about the white voice I want
to turn to a clip from sorry to bother
you Cassius Green played by La Keith
Stanfield has just started his job as a
telemarketer when an older employee
played by none other than your friend
Danny Glover
gives him some advice
let me give you to use your white boys
I've got no wife would know come on you
know what I mean you have a white horse
in there you can use it it's like being
pulled over by the police oh no I just
used my regular voice when that happens
I just say back to hook up off the car
and don't nobody can hurry man haven't
you said you some game you want to make
some money here then read the script
with the white boys when people say I
talk with a white voice anyway so wide
and opened me up well you know don't
wait enough I'm never talking about Will
Smith wife I'm talking about the real
deal like this young hey mr. Kramer
this is Langston from regal view I
didn't catch you at the wrong time did I
and four people are listening in the
radio that was actually Danny Glover
who's voicing that I'm so talk about the
white voice and what that means fits
well so in the film Danny Glover's
character Langston
actually there that that's an edited
piece that we just played but the in the
full piece he explains that the white
voice doesn't really exist it's it's a
white people don't even have it they use
it and it's a performance there's a
performance of whiteness that is all
about saying that everything is okay
you've got your bills paid and that and
you know this is kind of smooth and easy
thing it's at the very least the idea of
what black folks have to do in order to
hide their identity sometime over the
phone or to say that they're safe it's
like the opposite of the racist black
tropes that are out there which which
are they're just that they say okay
black folks and people of color are
savage or somehow their culture is
insufficient and that's why they're poor
and and these racist black tropes these
racist tropes of people of color have a
utility because we live in a system that
necessitates poverty must have a certain
number of unemployed people to to exist
and there's an X but the explanation is
it
it's nothing to do with the economic
system it's everything to do with poor
people and these racists tropes come so
the white voice is almost a reaction to
that and anyway so so and there's all
sorts of levels in there to what's also
left out is just so people know he's the
full line is I'm not talking about Will
Smith white that's not white that's just
proper and then as Cash's masters of the
white washing rockets up the chain Oh in
the to success and then the conflict
begins with his girlfriend I don't know
there's conflict all through the movie I
don't know when it begins yeah yeah yeah
it's yeah yeah definitely Tessa Thompson
plays her name is Detroit her
character's name is Detroit who's an
artist in the Bay Area that is also as
trying to use her art to expose a lot of
the young justices and and kind of what
this film deals with is you know the
character her character is probably the
closest to me you know and deals with
the questions of what art can actually
do if anything so expand on that and
Tessa Thompson her job and life is
dancing with signs in front of stores
well I don't think I don't think her
character would say that's her job in
life that's how she gets some money to
pay the bills but her yes she's a sign
twirler and she it for money and but
she's she's a gallery artist and also
part of a I don't know a jatropha arts
group that does things somewhat
clandestinely and and yeah I think her
character well I know her character is
always her character and the character
played by Stephen Ewan have somewhat of
a conflict and an alliance because
Stephen young plays
a union organizer and that goes to the
issue of what's happening where they
work at regal view I want to turn back
to the film sorry to bother you when
Cassius green is promoted to be a power
caller at the telemarketing company
where he works in Oakland will things
take a dark turn here's the starting
salary I can't ride with you I'm doing
something I'm really good at - I'll make
you a proposal I can see that you don't
want to say you know but I wouldn't do
that before you see what I'm offering
you sorry to bother you that's part of
the trailer boots Riley so he has pushed
upstairs as the people at Regal View the
evil telemarketing firm are starting to
organize they you have this big Norma
Rae moment and in the film but talk
about that and we're talking about this
as well just today Amazon Prime day
there are people who are protesting
we're in Poland and Spain and Germany to
protest working conditions at Amazon
workplaces and interesting this morning
I don't know if you did this
deliberately but you were on CBS this
morning that was deliberate but they
tweeted out their schedule for the
morning and so you retweeted it cuz
right there at the end it says boots
Riley discusses sorry to bother you but
right before it they were discussing
Amazon's best prime day yeah and of
course I didn't pay attention to that
till afterward but yeah it's I didn't do
it so I didn't do that on purpose but I
will say what is happening on purpose is
the confluence of what's being talked
about in this film and the movements
that are growing and and am I wrong to
say that the the the protests are taking
the place of taking the form of work
stoppages and and I think that's
something that's put forward in in my
film as a tool that we we need to use I
believe that since the beginning of the
New Left progressive and ret
progressives and radicals have turned
more to spectacle and gone away from
actually organizing at the actual point
of of contradiction in capitalism which
is the exploitation of labor which is
also we
the working class has its power and
we've and and we've gone in favor of
demonstrations that don't necessarily
have teeth but they show where our head
is at and I feel like we have to put
give these demonstrations more teeth by
being able to affect the bottom line and
say you know we and and say you can make
no money today or you can make less
money and give us what we want now you
set the film in Auckland obviously where
you grew up and and the importance of
Oakland because it's always been a
hotbed of radical politics and retinyl
organizing how you feature the city in
the film yeah I'm sorry could you
rephrase the question yeah how you why
you decided so much to feature Oakland
in the film and oh you know I think
that's just a great byproduct of wanting
to make a good film and you know I come
from Oakland so I'm going to write about
what I know and I believe my ways of
storytelling or making art have a lot to
do with the details that make people up
and those are the details that surround
us and then I also just happen to you
know living in a place you have great
ideas of what you want to shoot I also
know so many people in Oakland and the
Bay Area that we could get some of the
locations for free so it's just the you
know all of my art has to do with where
I am and so which is one reason like I
never moved to LA or New York because
it's just part of what makes me boots
we've been doing a lot this year on the
50th anniversary of all the various
events of 1968 like Wan deeply involved
with the Columbia students strike in
April of 1968 so you have Danny Glover
he is teaching Youngblood a few things
at the telemarketing firm another
telemarketer in your film but he was one
of those 50 years ago protesting at San
Francisco State as well
your dad yeah yeah that's right about
that has so Daddy Glover and my father
Walter Reilly met at San Francisco State
agitating and organizing the San
Francisco being organizers of the San
Francisco State strike not the
organizers but some of them and so that
you know that that strike created the
first ethnic studies program now school
in the United States and you know so we
didn't get it because people passed the
right they did pass the right measures
but they were forced to and and so it's
a great I don't know 360 using something
other than the white voice to get what
they wanted yes exactly you know maybe
someone did use that along the way but
they had the the backup of shutting down
the school in order to force the hand if
you could talk about the company of
regal view this is the evil telemarketer
and then you've got worry free talk
about worry free and then go on to talk
about labels it's interesting because so
in the film there's a company called
worry free that guarantees you housing
and employment for life and they house
their workers in the same place one way
they save money is a house their workers
in the same places that they produce
whatever they produce and so in and it's
a lifetime contract so to all extend all
extensive purposes it's slavery but
what's weird is I don't know if that
company is illegal right now it would be
an interesting research topic to see if
the company worryfree that's in sorry to
bother you what is actually legal
however what I'm a little scared of is
that then somebody will try it
[Music]
we have to break for a second with your
own music boots Riley is with us writer
and director of the critically acclaimed
new film out around the country sorry to
bother oh yeh y TT featuring La Keith
Stanfield from soundtrack - sorry to
bother you I mean he couldn't Juan
Gonzalez our guest is boots Riley Oh
what explain the sense for oh yeah all
right hell yeah that's tight today is
the fourth anniversary of the police
killing of Eric garner and the New York
Police Department that killed Eric
garner is issuing an ultimatum to the
Justice Department saying this is way
too long to decide whether you're
bringing federal charges against their
own officers like Daniel Pantaleo who
put Eric garner in a chokehold strangle
them to death your thoughts this is an
issue police brutality that you have
taken on for many many yes
so just personally I still help out
campaigns against police brutality I'm a
little personally burnt out on them
because I don't know where we can go
with it you know like what happens when
after you get a whole community to spend
a year of their lives coming together
you know in sometimes in great numbers
to get a officer fired and then they get
transferred to some other the department
and with and get Pat's on the back or -
and I don't know this is this is not
some well thought out thing but I just
know like I'm I feel like there are I
think feel like campaigns against police
brutality may become more effective once
other parts of our movement also grow
and where as you say we have some
leverage like
for instance maybe the Mike Brown
killing if we had had a if if radicals
and progressives had been organizing
labor and what I mean I don't mean the
existing labor organizations that's fine
but I'm talking about the rest of the
working class there 93 percent that's
not organized if we had a way to say
okay we're shutting down the city we're
going on having a general strike until
this guy gets indicted you know maybe
that would have been a shorter campaign
I don't know but I feel like we're
operating right now from a place where
we are not we're not putting out a clear
analysis of how power works and and and
so I don't know it's a little
frustrating to me and but I feel like
something has to be said about it
however I think we also we need to tie
it in with other movements so that we
have some leverage and what's the big
thing you're hoping folks will take away
from your movie in terms of some of this
issue of capitalism and the way it used
to I think hold on us I think what it's
what what what I'm okay one there are a
lot of things that I want people to take
away from this movie I tried to do
something in my that in my mind was more
akin to literature where there is there
are a lot of ideas like I mean if you
take any piece of literature that you
love and you say what's the one thing
about it you'd be lying right I've you
know omission write what you know
and so I wanted that to feel like that
like you know there are all these things
but I would say over overarching is I
wanted there to be a sense of optimism
that although things are messed up and
all these things are going on if there's
a fight with the with a clear way to win
if there's a fight going on then that's
that's that's the the optimism the hope
right there so I don't want to give the
way too much of what happens in the
movie but
I you know it is a strange Odyssey and
certainly is sorry to bother you but we
have to end no boots Riley writer and
director of the acclaimed film sorry to
bother you check it out I'm Amy Goodman
with Juan Gonzalez part 2 coming at
democracynow.org
