as we return now to our conversation
with oscar-winning filmmaker Michael
Moore's new film Fahrenheit 11 9 opens
today around the country this is a clip
from the film about the recent wave of
teacher strikes that began in West
Virginia
this was the Chile scene outside point
harmony Elementary Friday morning
upwards of 50 teachers lining the
sidewalk
the teachers decided on their own to go
out on strike and do it by themselves
one school district at a time people are
chaining we're Facebook live-streaming
that and other counties are commenting
on their and saying I wish I was there
it's collided open really quickly so
four go out then seven go out I'm in 55
of 55 counties the strike will go on in
all of them tomorrow
that's from Fahrenheit 11 9 Michael
Moore the oscar-winning filmmaker
it's his latest film these teachers
strikes Michael and teachers in this
country what they're going through
there's an uprising going on right now
with teachers all over the country and
it's it's one of the one of the best
things I've seen in a long time these
teachers in West Virginia they're
fighters they they're their Union their
own union their leadership try to
discourage them from going out on strike
they wouldn't listen to them they went
out on strike they got all 55 counties
to go out on strike
[Applause]
and then when they finally got the
governor to give them what they wanted
governor last June justice you know you
can't write this stuff right the bus
drivers in the lunch ladies than
everybody else were also on strike with
the teachers he would only give the
raise to the teachers and they said no
you got to give it to the bus drivers
and the cooks and the janitors and
everybody else and he wouldn't do it so
they wouldn't go back to school they
stayed out on strike until there was
justice for the custodians and and the
people don't want room and the bus
drivers that kind of solidarity if we
all ever get together and support each
other and not cross each other's picket
lines that is the scariest thing for
these people because they won't know
what to do they won't be able to run
their businesses they won't be able to
run their schools won't be able to do
anything speaking of running talk about
fitbit's well this was the crazy thing
that this this governor that they were
trying to think of ways to reduce the
health care costs so the first idea was
well let's charge the teachers more for
their health care
like let's double what they've got to
contribute and then let's make them more
fitbit's where they did for by their own
fitbit's and and and the fitbit would
would send how many steps are taking
what physical activity they're doing
this is a little watch like a brace yeah
it's like a little bracelet but but it
records what you're doing and and in
this case it was Virginia it would send
to a central computer at the Board of
Education just how active you were being
if you by the end of the month or the
end of the year whatever if you didn't
take enough steps if you didn't do
enough physical activity you were fined
like something like $500 and they knew
everything you were doing from this
Fitbit so that was the other part of the
negotiations the fitbit's had to go and
they were successful in getting
and teacher selling their blood my
husband he even sells plasma you know
his own plasma when things get super
tough he says yes yes well this is I
mean boy this wasn't seen I hadn't Roger
me thirty years ago where the people of
Flint and we're going to sell their
plasma at the plasma center because
either though job they had didn't earn
enough money to keep them above the
poverty level
or they lost their General Motors job
and so you'd walk into this plasma
center and you see all these chairs that
were like medical chairs with everybody
you know being tapped
it's not so bad track it up they only do
it two places I mean it really looked
like a scene from Soylent Green or some
kind of weird sci-fi movie where in the
future
everybody's blood was being sucked from
them and it affected 30 years later I
would be dealing with the same thing
it's just I can't tell you how angry I
am frankly that we're still living in
this kind of society well that takes me
to the last clip that we're gonna play
from your film and we're talking to
Michael Moore the oscar-winning
filmmaker who won that Oscar for Bowling
for Columbine yet another school
shooting but this one is a clip that
features 99 year old Ben Firenze the
last surviving Nuremberg prosecutor
Donald J Trump is calling for a total
and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States last week ice
agents fanned out in raids like this one
in every state ripping children away
from their families under this new
policy
[Music]
people
[Music]
taking babies away from their mother and
locking up one of the other and
separating them because they didn't do
harm to anybody they just didn't comply
with the stupid regulations that's a
crime against humanity in my judgment
been friends the last Nuremberg
prosecutor explained Michael Moore well
I wanted to go speak to him I didn't
realize there was only one surviving
Nuremberg prosecutor he lives just
outside the the city here he is 99 I
think his wife is turning 100 in another
month or so and he is a witness from the
past a witness to what happens when you
allow fascism to become the way of life
and the law of the land and he's very
powerful the things he says in the film
at one point he says that Donald Trump
in doing some of these things that he's
done is committing crimes against
humanity and he says you know this is I
can't deal with this because I'm
thinking you know we hung people for
doing some of these things for behaving
like this and one of the inspirations to
make this film was a book I'd read back
in the 1980s by Bertram Gross called
friendly fascism and in the book gross
says that the fascism of the 21st
century will not come with concentration
camps and swastikas it will come with a
smiley face and a TV show that that the
fascism that will take hold in the 21st
century won't there won't be a lot of
guns fired because the population will
be brainwashed enough first they'll be
dumbed down you know ruin their schools
reduce their press
put whistleblowers in jail and then
brand things the smiley face don't use
swastikas just make it happy you're
gonna be happier if you go my way the
Trump way and and this is what I find
most frightening when I think about and
what I hope this film does in terms of
ripping the masks off what's really
going on here that we are on use the
word precipice earlier we are on a
precipice we are on that edge democracy
has no self-correcting mechanism it's a
piece of paper the Constitution I know
we like to get all teary-eyed and all
goo-goo about you know our wonderful
constitution it's a piece of paper and
it's the human beings in each era that
decide exactly what's going to go on
which part we're going to listen to in
which part we're not of this
constitution and and if we get too far
too close to the edge where we've given
up too many of our rights where we've
allowed the democracy to be whittled
down where we've made voting a most
difficult thing to do for people who
have the right to vote and should be
voting if we do all of that
it could easily fall off that cliff
before you know it
it could be gone and you have to operate
with that you know you'll hear from
people on other networks or other shows
I'll be on well Mike why are you making
the comparisons between Hitler and Trump
and I always say to them well that's
really not the movie the movie is were
comparing us to the Germans the good
Germans one of the most civilized
cultured educated liberal democracies on
the planet earth and and they went along
there was a national emergency the
Reichstag burned down their Parliament
and and you know Hiller said the
Communists did it we got to get rid of
these communists and sure enough you
know Hitler's party got one thirty two
percent of the parliament in nineteen
thirty two thirty two percent which was
the most nineteen percent went to the
Communists and then the others were
mostly mostly liberal Left Party Social
Democrats etc but Hillier getting rid of
those 19 communist seats or the 19
percent of the seats and you know all of
a sudden he had a chance to take those
19 and 32 is 51
now you're the majority but he was
worried Hitler was worried that yeah
this is a little I'm pushing this a
little here people were a democracy
they're gonna like this so he holds a
club a site number of months later holds
the plebiscite and asked the people yes
or no are you okay with us the Nazis
taking over here and and I'm gonna be
both president and Chancellor Hindenburg
had one of those jobs he was an old man
and then he died I'm not of them you
know not he just died he was old he was
died not trying to pin that on Hitler
okay but he died
and Hitler said now I should be I should
have his job should be president and
Chancellor kenai and they went had an
election and the majority of Germans
voted yes and I show that the ballot in
the movie they voted yes for this and
the front-page editorial in the Jewish
Weekly of Frankfurt Germany said okay
everybody fellow Jews calm down it's
okay
yes he's crazy yes his people are thugs
but you know it's not gonna be as bad as
a lot of you are thinking come on were
Germans we're this is a democracy you
know we are now going to be rounded up
and putting the ghettos because we have
a constitution this is the editorial in
the Jewish weekly you held this up
during your Broadway play yes right and
it's in the movie because I want people
anybody who is still thinking my my
count
calm down Mike I mean Trump I mean yes
he's cuckoo for cocoa puffs but come on
you know don't be scaring the people
like this I'm not scaring anybody if you
are not already terrified by what he is
doing right what he is up to I'm serious
and everybody else needs to get serious
too
I took this man seriously from the
beginning and I'm here and I'm telling
you now that that he has his plans for
the way he'd like things to be he has no
intention of leaving the White House he
knows he cannot be indicted he knows the
Constitution won't allow Muller to
indict him he can be an unindicted not
co-conspirator but he'll be an
unindicted criminal but he doesn't think
he's going to be impeached he's gonna
call it all rigged even even if he loses
the 2020 election he'll say it's rigged
he has plans for calling off the
election Republicans last year were
asked if he if he wanted to postpone the
election because of all these illegals
that are voting you know if Hillary got
those three million illegal votes would
you support him postponing the election
52% of Republicans said that they would
support Trump postponing the 2020
election we have to get serious about
this and we have to be real and if I
could just say one last story I tried to
convince Steve Bannon to sit down in
front of my camera so I could ask him
some questions he said well I need to
talk to you first I mean let me come by
and we'll see and he came over to my
production office
and I sat there with him for two hours
talking to him
and I said just tell us really how'd you
pull this off how did you and Trump
outsmart maybe the smartest candidate
ever to run for office just on pure IQ
alone perhaps one of the smartest and he
said well it's there you have a very
easy answer for you our side we go for
the head wound your side you like to
have pillow fights and that's why we'll
win even though I agree with you as he
says to me and as I show in the film
there's more of us than there are of
them he's not afraid of that because
they're fighters and they will stand up
and they will fight for the things they
believe in and they know we will back
down and we will compromise and we will
say okay Obamacare is okay even though
it's not really universal health care it
will will go along with that you know
we're just happy to that our kids could
be covered until they're 26 you know and
we just we just rationalize all this
stuff and they know that about us and
they know how to defeat us with that
they have no intention of going away and
this is the angry white man party and
and they know their days are numbered
because this nation right now is almost
70 percent either female people of color
or young adults between the ages of 18
and 35 or a combination of those three
things that's America they know it they
know their days are numbered and they're
gonna try to grab whatever they can
before suppress the phone and suppress
the vote and gerrymander it and and do
whatever they can pack the Supreme Court
whatever it is they're going to try and
do it because they know we will not put
our bodies on the line to stop them
oscar-winning filmmaker Michael Moore
his new film Fahrenheit 11 nine opens in
theaters today tune in Monday when we'll
play more of the interview with Michael
on Flint Michigan and the rise of
progressive congressional candidates and
to hear him talk about Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh and the
accusations against him visit
democracynow.org special thanks to Mike
Burke John Hamilton Julie Crosby treinen
dira Libby Rainey Arielle Boone and your
me
shake I'm Amy Goodman our website
democracynow.org thanks for joining us
