[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman the for-profit prison
company geo group has threatened to sue
the human rights group the dream
defenders which is planning a national
day of action today to protest the
private prison company geo group is
immigration and customs enforcement
single biggest contractor receiving
hundreds of millions of dollars from ice
to run private immigrant prisons around
the country the dream defenders are
planning to disrupt geo group operations
in cities across the United States
including Florida Arizona California and
New York for more were joined by dream
defenders co-director Rachel Gilmer the
organization recently served a cease and
desist letter by attorneys representing
the geo group Rachel welcome to
Democracy Now can you talk about your
action today and then the response of
geo group the prison company great so
we've been working with organizations
across the country including Puente in
Arizona Democratic socialists of america
united we dream to organize a national
day against geo group though one of the
country's largest for-profit prison
industries so people may have seen
pictures of of children locked behind
cages of young people wrapped in
blankets on upon a floor of families
being separated people should know that
there are major corporations like the
geo group who are the ones that are
actually profiting off of this system
they've also been profiting off of
separating black families due to mass
incarceration for generations and so we
wanted to bring together a diverse
coalition because we see geo group is a
very common target the same people that
are locking up black people in America's
prisons are the same people responsible
for making money off of deporting
immigrants and this immigration crisis
with Trump's tough on immigration laws
and so we've organized a national day of
action where we're targeting geo prisons
were targeting geo detention facilities
and we're targeting elected officials
offices who are actually taking money
from the very people who profit off of
these systems and then going and making
policies that lead to building more
prisons that lead to tough tough on
immigration crimes and part of what
we're trying to say today is that you
know we've seen lots of politicians who
have gone and visited detention centers
we've seen lots of politicians who have
spoken out against Trump's races vitriol
and part of what we're saying is it's
not enough to to say all of that and
then to turn around and take money from
the very people profiting off of it so
this action is about drawing a very
clear line in the sand and saying that
you know we need an end to the
privatization of our of our immigrant
detention and deportation industry and
we need an end to private prisons and
politicians really need to choose a side
and explain what the cease and desist
letter you were served with that dream
defenders was served with and explained
what the group dream defenders is so
dream defenders is a human rights youth
organization based in Florida the same
you know we're just down the street
actually from where geo is headquartered
and over the last few months I mean
really since our founding we have
founded seven years ago we've been doing
work against geo group and against mass
incarceration and against immigrant
detention and coming into the election
cycle we knew that we really wanted to
make the fact that you know Florida is
really ground zero for politicians being
in bed with the private prison industry
and so going into this election cycle we
knew we really wanted to draw a hard
line in the sand on that and so we
created a pledge called the freedom
pledge that said politicians should not
take any more money from geo group that
any money that they've previously taken
they should give back to the community
by donating to organizations that
actually keep us safe like public
schools and community-based
organizations and that once in office
they should fight for an agenda that
takes away money from police in prisons
and actually puts it into food stamps
puts it into healthcare puts it into
education and everyday things that keep
us safe we've been building a lot of
momentum against Geo group over the last
few months we got all of the Democratic
gubernatorial candidates to say that
they want to take money from geo group
we got the democratic state party to say
that they want to take money from geo
group and its lobbyists anymore and
that's a really really really big deal
again Florida Republicans and Democrats
take more money from geo group than
almost any set of politicians across the
country politicians like Lauren book
who's you know a Democratic senator in
line to potentially be Senate President
her dad is a lobbyist with geo group and
she took tens of thousands of dollars
from geo group in an uncontested race
for Senate politicians like Rick Scott
Trump they also take money from Ryoka
the guys so we've really been working to
yes the governor of Florida is taken
close to a million dollars so we've been
really working to build a movement
against all of this after the Florida
Democratic Party passed the resolution
saying they wouldn't take any more money
from geo the California Democratic Party
passed the similar resolution but they
took it one step further and said the
millions of dollars that they've
previously taken they're gonna donate it
to immigrant rights groups then about a
month later the New York State said that
they would divest their pensions from
geo group so Jew geo was very very
scared of this movement that's growing
and on Friday as a result dream
defenders received a cease and desist
letter from geo group that basically
said that we were making false
allegations against them that actually
the state is responsible for the caging
of em of children for the separation of
families for the jailing of black
communities and that geo group is merely
following orders you know the Nazis said
the same thing than during the Nuremberg
trials that they weren't the ones
ultimately responsible for the slaughter
of millions of Jews that they were just
simply following orders and Geocities
and desist letter basically said the
same thing I want to go to a video
produced by your group dream defenders
this features eight-year-old yar the
awesome of the dream defenders the GTL
group is the largest prison company in
the world they make billions of
separating families and putting black
Latino and poor white people again
that's not just wrong it's sick let me
show you how it works
GTL gets money to run prisoners from the
Florida government they take that money
hire guys in suits who influenced
politicians with money these politicians
vote for new prisons or laws that put
more people in jail then Gao gets people
in their prisons and the cycle starts
all over again Rick Scott Adam Putnam
Louisville and even Andrew Cuomo all the
way in New York takes money from the GE
Oh mm-hmm so that's yaga the awesome of
the dream defenders the this video in
this video she talks about Andrew Cuomo
the governor of New York can you talk
more about what New York is doing and
the pressure dream defenders has brought
to make that happen
right so as I said New York State
recently passed a law that said that
they would divest their pensions from
geo group in the private prison industry
here in Florida our pensions are also
invested in the private prison industry
and so it's really really exciting to
see momentum building that says it's so
wrong that our state is actually
invested in private prisons if we're
invested in private prisons there's
actually no incentive to D carcere eight
people and so part of what we're trying
to do with this video where we worked
with yahya to create is to really create
in plain language what these private
prisons are doing I think one of the
scariest things about geo is they hide
it behind a very nebulous brand if you
saw geo group and their logo you you
wouldn't know what they do their logo is
a globe if you go to their website it's
literally the the picture on the website
is a picture of a classroom I looked at
the video on YouTube from their
shareholder meeting and it was three
minutes of pictures of the hotel set to
Pharrell's happy so so geo is able to do
very dirty work in the shadows behind
this very nebulous brand geo as I said
has increased their profits by you know
a ton since Trump got into office and
actually so much so that they're
building a brand new world headquarters
in Boca Raton Florida we went in
canvassed the neighborhood to see how
people felt about it one people didn't
know who geo was and when they did find
out who geo was they were
constant one of our organizers Rodney
Katt talked to someone who said oh my my
cousin actually works at geo group and I
don't even know what they did I thought
they were environmental organization so
one of the things we're trying to do
with this video one of the things we're
trying to do with organizers and in
California and New York and all across
the country is really is really shed
light on this very dangerous behavior of
people actually profiting off of human
suffering corporations like the NRA and
geo group don't believe in a world where
people are free they don't believe in a
world without cages they don't believe
in a world where mothers have enough to
feed their family where mothers aren't
afraid that they're gonna lose their
child to do a badge or a bullet and so
geo group has no incentive to fight for
that world with us because literally
their their business imperative is to
keep prisons to continue to deport
immigrants and so I think Gio part of
this cease and desist letters is how
threatened they feel about this new
vision that organizers are fighting for
all around the world that says we don't
need pages people fleeing violence in
their countries they should be welcomed
in this country and I think Gio is very
very threatened by that
so a cease-and-desist is a true
testament to how threatened they are are
you gonna change any of your practices
are you gonna take any of your
literature offline Rachel as a result of
the cease and desist letter we aren't we
spoke to lawyers and they said over and
over over again that truth is our
defense
you can literally Google search Gio and
all of the things that we've talked
about them doing separating families
locking up children jailing black and
poor communities you can find tons of
scholarly articles you can find tons of
media hits you can fight and first-hand
accounts of detainees in their prisons
and detention centers saying that they
do all of those things so we're not
backing down from the truth geo group
said in a cease and desist letter that
dream defenders defamatory statements
include quote blatantly false
allegations that geo asserts improper
influence over the United States
political system and an incorrect
publication of a list of individuals to
whom Gio supposedly made political
contributions do you also said they have
at all times lawfully exercised its
right to participate
in the political process so if you could
respond to what they're saying they're
saying it's the government that's
involved with caging children separating
families they're just carrying out what
the government the government's dictates
one on the improper influence
I mean Gio is along with the private
prison industry as a whole
pours millions and millions and millions
of dollars into our political system
through both lobbying and direct
contributions to candidates those
candidates once elected are then
responsible for advancing policies
around immigration and around mass
incarceration one of the things we saw
with Trump very specifically is that the
day after he was elected all of the
stocks dropped except for the private
prison industry and the war companies so
it was actually very very much a
testament of what was to come
geo is actually a lawsuit has been filed
against them for donations they made
directly to Trump once he was elected
they donated two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to his inaugural
committee and geo ended up moving its
annual its annual meeting to mar-a-lago
Resort some of those activities may be
legal because of citizens united in this
idea that corporations can pour millions
and millions of dollars into our
political system but to me it's
certainly not proper so talk about what
you're doing in the different states
today so as you know as I said we are
targeting both geo detention centers geo
prisons and elected officials offices
who take money from geo group
everybody's hands are dirty in that
situation and part of the narrative
we're trying to tell is that the same
people that are profiting off of the
detention of immigrants are the same
people that are profiting off of locking
up black people and poor people and
separating families and communities for
generations and so we really see a
common enemy in geo and we really are
forcing politicians to choose a side
that you again you can't say that you're
no against rate Trump's racist racist
rhetoric while simultaneously taking
money from the folks who profit off of
it
so it's really about drawing a line in
the sand and saying if you're taking
money from geo group your hands are
in child separation your hands are dirty
in the phenomenon of mass incarceration
and that you really really do need to
choose a side
just finally in July Wall Street Journal
reported so far this year Gio's shares
are up 14% according to a piece out by
the week August 6 about 75% of all
immigrants detained by Isis are in
private prisons just two companies
dominate the industry core civic that's
CCA of the past has 42 percent of the
market in geo group 37% geo group
donated heavily to president Trump's
campaign in both geo and course civic
contributed $250,000 to his inauguration
committee Rachel yeah I mean it is
absolutely disgusting that people are
invested and are betting on a future
where more and more immigrants will be
detained where more and more families
will be separated where more and more
people will be deported back to
countries where they're escaping human
rights abuses so it's really really
scary that we have folks who have a hold
on our political system who are actually
directly invested in that type of future
dream defenders is invested in a totally
different type of future this past year
released the political agenda called the
freedom papers that said you know
there's actually enough for all of us
there's a no one should be in poverty no
one should be behind a cage that there's
much more productive and humane ways for
our society to take care of its people
but it's all about priorities the issue
is that our politicians are in bed with
groups like the NRA they're in bed with
groups like the geo group their embeds
with groups like the core civic so we
really need folks to join our movement
and to really say that enough is enough
we're really excited that just a couple
of days ago a group of activists have
actually been occupying core civics
headquarters so it's really really a
sign that this movement is growing and
that folks are starting to wake up to
the for-profit the for-profit motives
that are really what's driving a big
part of what's driving this system are
you also taking on core civic that's
even larger than geo group yeah we're
taking on all of the private prison
corporations and all
the corporations in general that are
invested in in little girls like Yaya
and not being able to live out their
futures not being able to have a future
not being able to live out their dreams
we call these folks the dream killers
and their folks like the NRA their folks
like geo group their folks like core
civic and finally where do you head now
Rachel I'm about to go to Boca Raton
where we are doing an unwelcome party
for the geo group who as I said is
building a brand new headquarters
building right around the corner from
where we are now so we've been gathering
neighbors who have been saying again we
didn't even know who geo group is and
now that we do we don't want them down
the street from our children where they
go to school we don't want them down the
street from where we go to the gym every
day we don't want them down the street
from where kids are playing outside so
we're gonna throw them a giant unwelcome
party and tell them that you know we're
trying to evict them from the
neighborhood
Rachel Gilmore we wanna thank you for
being with us co-director of the Florida
based dream defenders the organization
recently served with a cease and desist
letter by attorneys representing the
for-profit detention company geo group
this is democracy now I'm Amy Goodman
thanks for joining us
[Music]
