2018 marked Ruth Bader Ginsburg's 25th
year on the US Supreme Court we're
joined now by the directors of the film
Julie Cohen and Betsy right Julie is a
longtime filmmaker who's made eight
documentaries and was the creator of
Court TVs Supreme Court watch
that's the West is a 21 time Emmy winner
for her work as an ABC news producer who
now teaches at the Columbia School of
Journalism Julie Cohen and Betsy right
it is so great to see you
Betsy West it is so great to see you
both Julie why don't you start off by
talk about why you decided to take on
Ruth Bader Ginsburg as the subject of
your film why did you decide to follow
her you know how could you not is almost
a question with thought with our BG
Betsy and I had each individually four
separate projects done interviews with
her several years ago we had followed
her kind of stellar rise to rock stardom
as young women began to sort of idolize
her as the notorious RBG and we just
felt like you know someone ought to do a
full dress serious documentary covering
this extraordinary woman's life and why
not have it be us so Betsy West you've
covered many different issues and one of
the things you've done most recently is
the maker's series women making a
difference so Ruth Bader Ginsburg you
both you and Julie had interviewed her
separately yes yes and what most strikes
you about her if you can begin by sort
of giving us a nutshell description of
Ruth Bader Ginsburg this Supreme Court
justice well when you meet her in person
she's a very tiny person and yet she has
a kind of commanding presence I think
that's the contrast about her that
really strikes you she's a very serious
person the kind of person if you say hey
how are you
she doesn't immediately jump into
you how she is she thinks about it she's
very deliberate in everything she says
so as she just said to us and in the
interview I tend to be rather sober on
the other hand she has a fabulous sense
of humor and as we discovered in the
film she loves to laugh and so she's a
very she's a multi-dimensional person
with an extraordinary life story and I
want to talk about that life story I
want to first though go to a clip from
your documentary RBG where Justice
Ginsburg talks about the first time she
argued before the Supreme Court in the
case of frontier o versus Richardson in
1972 the case centered on a female Air
Force lieutenant who've been denied the
same housing and medical benefits as her
male colleagues Justice Ginsburg
then the lawyer Dennis Berg argued the
Air Force's statute for housing
allowances treated women as inferior and
the Supreme Court ruled in her favor
eight to one was not a single question I
just went on speaking and I at the time
wondered they just indulging me and not
listening or am I telling them something
they haven't heard before and are they
paying attention
the justices were just glued to her I
don't think they were expecting to have
to deal with something as powerful as a
shear force of her argument that was
just all-encompassing and they were
there to talk about a little statute in
the in the government code I mean it was
it was just we we seize the moment to
change American society and asking the
court to declare sex a suspect criterion
we earned a position forcibly stated in
1837 by Sarah Grimke noted abolitionist
an advocate of equal rights for men and
women she said I asked no favor for my
sex is that they take their feet off our
necks an excerpt from rbj the
documentary that's just air the Sundance
Film Festival to much acclaim in that
clip we also heard from Brenda Fagan who
is co-director with Ruth Bader Ginsburg
of the ACL u--'s Women's Rights Project
so Julie Cohen let's talk about her life
before she was the notorious RBG before
she was Supreme Court justice sure I
mean you know that that was one of the
big factors making us want to make this
film a lot of the people that love her
and think she's cool and know about her
dissents don't really know the full
story and don't appreciate how much he
achieved for women's equal rights under
law in her career as a lawyer
particularly during those times the
women's rights projects in the 1970s
basically she took on
a number of cases there were six
including that one you just played
frontiere oh that she argued before the
Supreme Court winning five of them
making the case at a time when that case
wasn't widely understood or even you
know it's sort of hard for society and
the male justices of the time to
register the idea that oh wait the
constitution should provide equal rights
for men and women
the
but she was following up on what
Thurgood Marshall had done sort of the
decade earlier basically a slow legal
march for civil rights for people of all
races and she was applying that idea to
to gender and had extraordinary success
with it hmm I wanted to go to another
clip Ruth Bader Ginsburg nominated by
President Clinton in 1993 this is during
her Senate confirmation hearing when she
openly defended and this was highly
unusual openly defended a woman's right
to have an abortion this is something
central to a woman's life to her dignity
it's a decision that she must make for
herself and when government controls
that decision for her she's being
treated as less than a fully adult human
responsible for her own choices during
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's 1993 Supreme Court
confirmation hearing Republican senator
Orrin Hatch of Utah questioned her
stance on abortion the so-called
constitutional right to abortion a right
which many including myself think was
created out of thin air by the court but
you asked me the question in relation to
the Supreme Court's precedent and you've
now asked me and another question in
relation to the Supreme Court's
precedent the Supreme Court's precedent
is that access to abortion is part of
the Liberty guaranteed by the well that
was just affirmed that 1993 confirmation
hearing Betsey West how unusual
especially in light of now in 2018
imagine hearing a Supreme Court justice
being so open about her support for
freedom to choose for women about her
support for abortion talk about the
significance of this it was she was
extremely forthright about this she's a
very principled person and she was not
going to pull her punches on this I mean
the amazing thing is that after that she
was confirmed 96 to 3 Miami 6 to 3 and
you heard I mean Orrin Hatch basically
saying look we disagree but I think
you're well qualified to serve on the
Supreme Court and you've been nominated
by our president who happens to be a
Democrat that's the way this system
works it's kind of poignant and
extraordinary to hear that and you know
today you both interviewed Orrin Hatch I
mean you interviewed the film yes did he
say he would support her today I mean he
was very laudatory
yes he was first of all he said I love
Ruth Bader Ginsburg he said that look
what really he admires her so much he
admires her brain and he admires her
character what she stands for and he
said look I think it's a good thing for
the court to have an articulate smart
liberal on the court he said I think it
right it elevates the entire
conversation the debate I was surprised
by how forceful and strong he was in his
ongoing support for her and talking
about relationships that might surprise
some her relationship Julie Cohen with
Justice Scalia and the significance of
this the history of this before Scalia
died yes I mean Justice Scalia and
Justice Ginsburg were quite close going
back to their days together on the court
of the US Court of Appeals for the DC
Circuit in the 1980s admired each other
as kind of intellectual sparring
partners and really liked and loved each
other as as friends they both loved
opera they both had a lot of other
intellectual interests in theater
in literature and the fact that they
disagreed so vehemently on the law
extraordinarily seemed to have made them
closer to one another they don't you
know they didn't deny that it sometimes
wasn't exactly Pleasant you know after
what one example that the Justice has
talked about is you know after Bush v
Gore when they were like you know
couldn't have been more opposed to each
other's point of view when the stakes
couldn't have been higher at one point
at the end of the evening he gave her a
call and said Ruth you know it's a go go
home and and take a hot bath and we'll
see each other again in the morning and
you know it's a kind for those who
aren't familiar with Bush v Gore though
they may have been familiar become
familiar with the results yes the
Supreme Court decision that ended the
recount in Florida and led to george w
bush becoming president of the united
states being chosen as president by the
US Supreme Court I didn't use the person
she just sent it right was one of the
one of the architects of the majority
decision saying having George Bush
become the president and Ruth Ginsburg
wrote a wrote wrote one of several I
think there were a number of dissents in
that case but what was one of the
dissenters in that case and this issue
of Ruth Bader Ginsburg being the
dissenter young people who are following
her now that's all they would think
about but that actually wasn't always
the case and you have a really
interesting sort of image that you have
in the film
RBG where you show her right in the
center there you know much closer to the
Conservatives and then how she moves to
the left
that's the West yeah one of our
interviewees said she was never meant to
be the great dissenter she always wanted
consensus and she still wants consensus
her she has a very practical view of the
law and she's always trying to bring
people over to her side it's very
important to her
that she have collegial relationships
with her fellow justices and that she
makes reasoned arguments she's not a
bomb thrower
however when push comes to shove and she
feels that that the Constitution is not
being followed she's not afraid to issue
a very scathing dissent and as she says
look I'd rather be in the majority but
when I'm not I will write it and she's
got the doily collars that's what I call
them because they look like doily
yeah the different ones would you say oh
excuse me excuse me oh she and Sandra
Day O'Connor came up with this together
and she's got the different ones for
when she's in the Girardi opinion or
when she's expressing the decided
dissent yes it's her she has a great
fashion sense and she brings her fashion
sense to her clothing the Supreme Court
and you know when Supreme Court justices
come out to read opinions it's not
publicly known yet what the decision is
going to be so if you're in the
courtroom of course there aren't cameras
in the courtroom but if you're in the
courtroom you get to know preview a few
minutes earlier because from justice
Ginsburg's caller if she's gonna read an
opinion and she's wearing that lovely
sort of black sparkly fan-shaped collar
you know she's about to deliver a
dissent hmm we're gonna go to a break
and then we're gonna come back and hear
a really interesting comment from
Justice Ginsburg just yesterday she
spoke at the filmmakers Lodge she was
interviewed by NPR's Nina Totenberg and
she talks about this seminal
foundational work of Catherine MacKinnon
and how it changed her view also of
women's rights and what the whole issue
of gender harassment is all about this
is democracy now we're talking about a
film that just premiered at the Sundance
Film Festival it's called RBG and is
about the Supreme Court Justice Ruth
Bader Ginsburg stay with us
is democracy now democracynow.org the
war and peace report I'm Amy Goodman
were broadcasting from the Sundance Film
Festival in Park City Utah and we will
be here for the week yes from the
Sundance Film Festival where a film
about Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader
Ginsburg called RBG has just premiered
well before the film on Sunday
Justice Ginsburg who flew into Park City
Utah this weekend was interviewed by
NPR's Nina Totenberg a dear friend of
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Totenberg
askins burg if she had ever been
sexually harassed herself this was the
Supreme Court justices answer the answer
is yes every woman of my vintage knows
what sexual harassment is although we
didn't have a name for it the attitude
to sexual harassment was simply get past
it boys will be boys well I'll give you
just one example I'm taking a chemistry
course at Cornell and my instructor said
because I was a uncertain about my
ability in that field he said I'll give
you a practice exam so he gave me a
practice exam the next day on the test
the test is the practice exam and I knew
exactly what he wanted in return and
that's just one of many examples this
was not considered anything you could do
something about that the law could help
you do something about until a book was
written by a van young woman named Kitty
Macon
Catherine MacKinnon and it was called
sexual harassment in the workplace and I
was asked to read it by a publisher and
give my opinion on whether it was worth
publishing it was a revelation the first
part described incidents like the one I
just mentioned and the next was how this
anti-discrimination law Title 7 which
prohibits discrimination on the basis of
race national origin religion and sex
how that could be used as a tool to stop
sexual harassment it was eye-opening and
it was the beginning of a field that
didn't exist until then what did you do
about the professor did you just stay
clear of him what did you do I went to
his office and I said how dare you how
dare you do this
and that was in the end the end of that
I assume you did quite well on that exam
and when I deliberately made two
mistakes Supreme Court Justice Ruth
Bader Ginsburg speaking with NPR's Nina
Totenberg a woman who has interviewed
her for decades they've known each other
for 40 years and she is one of the
people interviewed in the new
documentary about Ruth Bader Ginsburg
that will go throughout the week called
RBG our guests again are the film's
directors and producers Julie Cohen and
Betsey West Betsey West the significance
of what Justice Ginsburg said saying
that Catherine MacKinnon was so seminal
well I had never heard her talk about
this but it's absolutely true that there
really was no word for sexual harassment
when Ruth Bader Ginsberg was being
discriminated against as a young woman
and then later all of the women who
flooded into the workplace in the 70s
just sort of felt like hey this is the
price of entry something we got to put
up with in order to have these fantastic
jobs and it was Catherine MacKinnon who
and who was really just a young just out
of law school she may still have been in
law school when she started working on
this concept and wrote this paper that
was absolutely seminal and in fact was
quoted by the Supreme Court in the mid
80s
parts of her some of the exact language
that she used and as Ruth Bader Ginsburg
said it was a revelation
hey this is wrong and and it's actually
unconstitutional that's that's something
that'll that I think a lot of people
don't understand
mm-hmm and you know we can't talk about
your film rvg without talking about her
family her relationships and
particularly her husband who was also a
well-known lawyer Julie Cohen if you can
talk about this love story
that lasted for over half a century yeah
I mean the love and marriage between
Ruth and Marty Ginsburg is sort of like
it's not just romantic but it's I think
it's really an inspirational part of a
feminist story Ruth Bader Ginsberg would
say often the way like a super
successful man talks about his wife
she'll say she wouldn't have gotten
where she got without him pushing and
it's absolutely true they met at Cornell
where they were both students they fell
madly in love
Marty Ginsberg Ruth Bader Ginsburg said
he was the first guy who even seemed to
notice that she had a brain that's so
beautiful beautiful by the way yes and
he basically although he was an
incredibly successful tax attorney in
his own right
he really devoted a lot of his life both
to the family he was the primary cook
and he certainly shared childcare
responsibilities with her and then he
devoted a fair amount of his time and
energy to pushing her career forth she's
not the type to go around self-promoting
he was not he was not shy about
promoting and talked about that because
we just played that clip of President
Clinton nominating her but how did that
happen how did Ruth Bader Ginsburg come
to Clinton's attention he certainly she
wasn't the only one he was looking at
yeah I mean Clinton himself had says
that he wanted to nominate Governor
Cuomo Cuomo didn't want to do it and
then he started looking around and
possibly probably yes definitely because
of the Marty Ginsburg campaign and
others of her supporters who just felt
that she was a legal giant her name came
to his attention but as he says
Marty Ginsburg wasn't the only person
lobbying for somebody and when he met
her in person he told us that within 15
minutes of their conversation he knew he
was going to nominate her it was kind of
a meeting of the minds about the law the
best way to make law and so he was
really taken by her she was 60 years old
when she was not
that was actually kind of on the old
side but he decided that she deserved it
hmm I want to turn to the 2007 Ledbetter
vs. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company pay
discrimination case the Supreme Court
rejecting lilly Ledbetter claim of pay
discrimination at a Goodyear Tire plant
in Alabama where she worked as an
overnight supervisor for 19 years the
decision moved Justice Ruth Bader
Ginsburg to read her dissent from the
bench a relatively rare move reserved to
criticize the majority opinion this is
part of Justice Ginsburg's dissent in
our view the court does not comprehend
or is indifferent to the insidious way
in which women can be victims of pay
discrimination title 7 was meant to
govern real-world employment practices
in that world is what the court ignores
today pay disparities often occur as
they did in Ledbetter's case in small
increments only overtime is their strong
cause to suspect that discrimination is
at work so the lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay
Act later passed in response to the
Supreme Court the significance Julie
well I mean the fair the lilly Ledbetter
Fair Pay Act was a very important piece
of legislation and the significance in
the RBG story is reminding you that yes
of course a key role of a Supreme Court
justice and what you think of as maybe
their greatest potential for
accomplishing change is in a majority
opinion they right but Justice Ginsburg
really made a huge difference in in our
laws by the dissent that she wrote a
lilly Ledbetter not only where she
explained the unfairness of the statute
of limitations that had been placed on
