[Music]
this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman with Juan Gonzalez with
part two of our exclusive conversation
with Chelsea Manning army whistleblower
transgender activist spent seven years
in military prison after leaking a trove
of documents about Iraq and the Afghan
wars in the State Department to
WikiLeaks in 2010 now running for the US
Senate in Maryland the primary is in
June I want to turn to some of the
establishment today and what they had to
say about you this is in the midst of
you being held in solitary confinement I
want to turn to John Bolton who the
president has named to be his next
national security adviser he was
interviewed about your case in the 2012
BBC film WikiLeaks The Secret Life of
superpower what do you think of Bradley
money I think he committed treason I
think you should be prosecuted to the
fullest extent of the law what does that
mean well treason is the only crime
defined by our Constitution and it says
treason shall consist only of levying
war against the United States or in
adhering to their enemies giving them
aid and comfort and he gave our enemies
a lot of aid and comfort so what should
happen to it well I should be prosecuted
and if he's found guilty he should be
punished to the fullest extent possible
and what is that death you think he
should be killed yes do you think that
Manning should be killed
yes Bolton says he's going to be the
next national security adviser for
President Trump
April 9th he apparently takes the
position I mean is there a question with
how do you feel about that you feel
threatened no I mean well yes I feel
threatened but as any other person
should feel threatened you know the is
it are these positions surprising no you
know anybody who challenges these people
anybody who challenges their power
is a threat to them and so yeah they're
they're going to go after people and
they're gonna say that everybody
deserves to the death penalty I mean
it's gonna be this expanding broadening
net you know John Bolton as UN
Ambassador bolstered you know the
neoconservative movement in building you
know the the this was during the time of
you know the CIA and expanding into into
torture like they're trying to cover
themselves up and they're trying to
protect themselves and they're trying to
of course they're gonna they're gonna
claim that anybody who challenges them
is a traitor everybody who who goes
against them is against you know the
state and who anybody who is against
them is worthy of you know going away
well let's go to vice-president pence
just last year describing you as a
traitor on Fox News private Manning is a
traitor and should not have been turned
into a martyr as Senator cotton stuff
private Manning's actions compromised
our national security endangered
American personnel downrange compromised
compromised individuals in Afghanistan
we're cooperating with our forces by
leaking 750,000 documents to Wikileaks
your response to vice president pence
yeah there's a surprising I mean these
are again I'm challenging these people
these people need to be challenged and
and these are these they just say these
words at you know at the end of the day
they just keep saying these things about
all kinds of people you know words like
words like hero words like traitor have
lost their meaning
you know everybody is a traitor in this
world you know James Comey Hillary
Clinton you know Donald Trump like
everybody ever it gets to the point
where you know it's it's it's almost
it's almost like it's not about like
anybody who I disagree with becomes this
this label and that's the problem with
the establishment is that anybody who's
not the establishment is a threat and
need and and has violated this or
violated that you know
it's immigrants whether it's whether
it's people you know the impoverished
whether it's you know whether it's you
know just so many of the most vulnerable
people are getting called all kinds of
different words criminals illegals you
know like the this is the language of
power so what is it surprising that the
language of power would be used against
somebody who actually challenges it
chelsey one of the issues that we've
covered for years when you were in
prison was your battle against the
prison authorities around their
treatment of you as a trans woman talk
about what happened how they treated you
and the whole issue of health care for
trans prisoners around the country right
so systems like prison and the military
and police treat trans people I mean
governments do this as a whole they
treat us as an administrative problem to
be solved somehow and it's at the whim
of some you know usually some authority
or some legal position that we have our
entire lives be policed you know there's
what uniforms you wear what quote what
type of clothing you have access to how
much health care you get and these are
all determinations that are being made
arbitrarily you know what whether it's
whether it's you know giving us health
care you know and telling us which types
of health care are available or what you
know what that is so the problem is is
that these are systemic problems you
know and one of the more deeper systemic
problems is the fact that trans people
are disproportionately imprisoned you
know we're one of the most you know
targeted groups usually for petty
offenses like you know set like
successfully are like sex worker related
offenses and and just the we're police
based on gender and how we look and how
we act you know the the walking while
trans if you will and we need to stop
like that needs to be more of a folk
is why do we have so many trans people
in our prison system why do we have so
many people who are trans in jail I'm
you know what why don't we focus on D
you know on dismantling the prison
system that is a in which were placed in
these you know situations can you
explain your own experience what you
were fighting for you were held in an
all-male prison is that right at Fort
Leavenworth right and most trans people
are held in one of that that differs
from their from their true gender you
were fighting for hormone therapy talk
about that battle and ultimately winning
it I mean well I barely want you know I
I got access to hormones but I mean it
was it was arbitrary it was based on
some signature you know and and only
after a major lawsuit you know it wasn't
really a victory in the sense of you
know I get access to something but I had
to fight for it I had to fight tooth and
nail for it and so many people still
have to fight you know to get to get you
know just basic access basic health care
especially in prison what about the
clothes you were forced to wear in
prison and also the length of your hair
and then why this mattered so much to
you
well cuz I mean I couldn't grow my hair
so I I've always wanted to grow my I've
always wanted to grow up my hair it's
always been shortly caught cropped but I
was kept at a military standard but it's
also the notion of like an institution
telling me hey you know because it was
like this notion of like yeah we know
you're pretending to be a woman so we're
giving you some things because we're
legally required to do so but we're
gonna make it we're gonna do everything
that we can in other regards to make
sure that you know you're not treated as
who you actually are
so it's this it's this notion of value
look I value Who I am and I value my
identity and as all of us should and we
should be able to defend ourselves and
fight back and that that was what drove
me today day to day while I was in was
in these circumstances and you know the
clothing and whatever but
yeah like you know that a lot of this is
stuff in the past for me you know a lot
of this is things that where I've come
from but you know I I'm more focused on
what I'm more focused on what's facing
us today right what we're facing right
now well certainly that would be
something that trans prisoners are faced
with and that you know would hopefully
make a difference and if you became
Senator of the United States I mean I'm
hoping to get trans people out of prison
that's the objective it's not about
making conditions better it's not about
making more or better prisons it's about
making closing them down and releasing
people so we should be releasing trans
prisoners you've talked about you
looking to get criminal justice reform
anti-military and our reform
it's mantling the criminal that we need
to restructure and dismantle the
criminal justice mantling the criminal
justice system and ending the military
involvement around the world and also
immigration could you talk about some of
the other issues that you would consider
you'd want the voters to to to consider
when they vote for you health care we
need to have basic access to health care
for everyone
image and you know and it should we
shouldn't have our health care police by
the state either you know we've seen
this in in in in Scituate we've seen
people get like go who are afraid to go
to hospitals because of who they are or
what their background is or what their
legal status is so we need to remove we
need to provide health care for
everybody it should be free it should be
accessible it should be and there should
be a doctor-patient relationship that is
unaffected by you know the state should
not be intervening into the you know
into who you are and why you know you
should just be getting access health
care for all healthcare for all but
unconditionally it's not you don't have
to fill out forms or get you know or
have the state police you based on you
know like you you should feel safe to go
to a hospital or to get health care
your comments on the current me to
movement in this country what it is
meant does it give you strength that's
just the organizing of people well you
know it's it's a it's a large movement
that has a diaspora of people that have
different positions I'm more focused on
getting solidarity among people that's
not necessarily based on a particular
issue I I believe that the way in which
we can fight back against these these
institutions of power is to focus on the
institutions of power not focusing on
the the symptoms if you will we need to
deal with the systemic problems that
underlie why you know like it's it's
what why are people why are people that
do these things being placed in these
positions in the first place what why do
we have a system and a structure that
placed them there you know and and
allowed them to fester for years you
know and it's it's it's and why are they
continuing to be able to defend
themselves
you know whenever there's overwhelming
evidence to you know that these things
are happening and so you know it's it's
the the systems of accountability are
not working and you know and certainly
this is you know we can't depend on
government to do that and the you know
court system to do that
what would you abolish the NSA your
state maryland the state you'd represent
a senator represents the largest
intelligence agency in the world far far
larger for example than the CIA the
National Security Agency where you were
actually court-martialed right you know
in the National Security Agency collects
an enormous amount of data and
information but it's more of these
policing agencies that I'm focused on
you know ice is a is ice has more law
enforcement power than any other federal
law enforcement agency and it's only a
matter of time and we've already seen
people who are assisting you know people
crossing the border and assisting people
that you know be be arrested and charged
with federal offenses they're going to
expand the net of their federal law
enforcement powers over the next few
years they've already said that they're
going to do this ice didn't exist
fifteen ice didn't exist 18 years ago
it's a brand new institution it didn't
exist whenever I was a teenager it
should go away we don't need ice we
don't need a lot of these gigantic you
know police agencies that are singularly
focused on you know deporting people
it's been a year and three months now
since President Trump was inaugurated
you were arrested tortured and then
eventually had your sentence commuted on
the President Obama and now we have
President Trump I'm wondering how you
see how the country has changed since
Trump came into office and what your
candidacy would represent in terms of
resistance to that right you know we we
often personalize administrate you know
administrations allow us to personalize
these systemic problems oh it's it's
bush it's Obama it's Trump these are
systemic problems that both political
parties that are in power have bolstered
and maintained
you know the the whirling death machine
if you will of power and you know it's
it's always about tweaking it's always
about like either being aggressive with
it or having a moral law and process
approach whenever the real the real
problem is that none of these systemic
problems ever get addressed because of
the entrenchment
of the establishment but you're running
in the Democratic primary right we
should we should primary you know Ben
Cardin is an establishment dem he's an
establishment Democrat he's been doing
that you know he's been in Maryland
politics for 40 years he all these
problems have been built over more than
even more than 40 years so we need to
start pushing back against these people
we need to start pushing back against
the establishment the establishment and
the systemic problem
need to be addressed can you talk about
your activism around anti-fascism and
also how you're gonna conduct your
campaign the primary is coming up soon
it's in June what are you gonna do to
run throughout Maryland to get your name
out there in your positions out there
throughout the state not that your name
isn't known but as a senator from
Maryland so yes I've been I've been you
know meeting with activists and
organizers locally you know trying but
I've been more on a listening tour
because I want to hear their what they
have to say what their positions are
what the concerns are and before I
started to publicly you know state you
know like roll out there obviously you
have to file and pretty early in the
Maryland primary so a lot of the work is
going to come over the next few months
and being on this program is a part of
that so I would say that my activism and
who and like how I'm running our
hand-in-hand
I mean I'm running as an activist like
this is I'm not right like I'm not
running to have a career as a senator
I'm here as a continuation of my career
as an activist to pushes against these
systemic problems in these systemic
structures you know I'm not willing to
get entrenched into the the into the
circle of lobbying and the network of of
of you know revolving door politics I
mean I've already been excluded you know
the language that they use excludes me
by default you know the I'm not work you
know I'm inexperienced or I'm you know I
don't think about that for a second an
experience like what like Ben Cardin has
been in politics Maryland politics for
40 years he's been behind a desk that
whole time
what experience can he bring to the
table I mean I have life experience I've
been out there I've been homeless I've
been to prison I've been to war these
are these are what I consider experience
so
we need to start pushing back and the
way we do that is by focusing on the
systemic problems like criminal justice
system immigration and what we call the
prison's of the United States we need to
start closing them we need to start
closing prisoners we need to start
releasing prisoners and then closing
prisons down no more of no we should we
should put a moratorium on construction
first off and then start closing prisons
and in terms of immigration what would
you do
abolish ice abolish the CBP and our
borders
I mean borders are imaginary lines
there's something that we draw you know
through the middle of a desert we
invented the border it it wasn't there
previously people should be able to move
freely about the world um let me ask you
specifically as you know an intelligence
expert when you heard about Cambridge
analytic oh and now the FTC for example
the Federal Trade Commission is
investigating Facebook when you heard
about Cambridge analytic what gathering
information on millions of Americans
without their knowledge like 50 million
Americans your thoughts it's it's
unsurprising the corporate world has
become an extension of the surveillance
state but it's become this this private
private interest surveillance state
where if you have enough money you can
learn as much about these people as
possible and their mission of course has
been to I mean brazenly manipulate
people I mean now how well they do that
is I guess gonna be the focus on the
investigation but that's their stated
goal is it surprising that they're under
investigated that they're under
investigation for doing what they claim
to do to do what was your response to
pence saying you endangered people you
know presumably referring to the
redacting of names and the documents
that came out in WikiLeaks I mean the
the government has been using all of
this rhetoric for seven years and for
three and a half years they said it and
then they went they had to deal with a
courtroom and
couldn't bring they couldn't bring a
shred of evidence to the courtroom
instead they merely said Oh could have
it was all hypotheticals so these are
just talking points they're just hot air
it's been continuing I wanted to read
from BuzzFeed in the seven years since
WikiLeaks published the largest leak of
classified documents in history the
federal government has said they caused
enormous damage to national security but
a secret 107 page report prepared by a
Department of Defense Task Force a newly
obtained by BuzzFeed news tells a
starkly different story
it says the disclosures were largely
insignificant and did not cause any real
harm to US interests Chelsea Manning I
mean that's what we've been saying this
whole time you know they agree they
agree with this but instead during a
trial they said could have it was all
about maybe you know what what crime is
it where you could have you know thought
through this rock I could have broken a
window you know and of course it wasn't
it caused any damage and this is the
whole notion of national security it's a
word that gets you it so it's a phrase
that gets used a lot in politics but do
you know what the definition of national
security is the national the definition
of national security is that any thing
of and relating to the net to the
national defense meaning the military or
Foreign Relations meaning the State
Department anything can be construed as
