this is democracy now democracynow.org
the war and peace report
I'm Amy Goodman and I'm Juan Gonzalez
welcome to all of our listeners and
viewers across the country and around
the world we begin today's show in
Afghanistan where Islamic state
militants have carried out an early
morning attack on a military academy in
the western outskirts of the city of
Kabul killing at least 11 troops in the
wounding 16 this marks the latest in a
wave of deadly attacks this month monday
was already declared a national day of
mourning in Afghanistan after a Taliban
attacker drove an ambulance filled with
explosives into the heart of the city on
Saturday killing at least 103 people and
wounding as many as 235 one week earlier
Taliban militants killed 22 people at
cobbles in turn an intercontinental
hotel last week another six people were
killed in an assault claimed by the
Islamic state on the office of a group
saved the children in the eastern city
of Jalalabad Saturday's attack occurred
in the heart of the most secure part of
Kabul this is sameen and Mohammed who
owns who each owned small shops near the
site of the attack every day there is
fear of attacks here and living has
become very dangerous to everyone it's
not safe to live in Afghanistan anymore
it was a really dangerous blast and
people were running everywhere some had
received injuries on their head and some
on their hand and everyone was shocked
most of them were wounded by broken
glass
his latest attacks come as the United
States has stepped up its assistance to
Afghan security forces and its
airstrikes against the Taliban and other
militant groups Taliban spokesperson
Xabi hala Mujahid said in a statement
Saturday's bombing was a message to
President Trump quote the Islamic
Emirate has a clear message for Trump
and his hand kissers that if you go
ahead with a policy of aggression and
speak from the barrel of a gun don't
expect Afghans to grow flowers in
response unquote
the Taliban refer to themselves as the
Islamic Emirate meanwhile in a White
House statement President Donald Trump
said Saturday's bombing quote renew
are resolved and that of our Afghan
partners unquote to secure the country
from militants and terrorists and on the
world to take decisive action against
the Taliban Trump also tweeted Saturday
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave
police in Kabul today our thoughts and
prayers go to the victims and first
responders we will not allow the Taliban
to win he said for more we're going
directly to the capital of Afghanistan
Kabul where we're joined by Democracy
Now video stream by lotfullah
nacho Posada the news director of Tolo
news a 24-hour news channel based in
Kabul welcome back to Democracy Now can
you talk about what's taken place over
the last few days this massive ambulance
suicide attack on Saturday that killed
more than a hundred people and then
today in the midst of this day of
mourning
another attack this claimed by Isis
killing 11 people I mean the country is
going through a lot in the past week as
you said and you're reporting this
indicates two things one there is
resistance from the Taliban and those
who support the Taliban Pakistan
included to resist the policy of the US
government President Trump in particular
and second is that in the winter season
when there is less of fighting in the
battlefield you see more high-profile
attacks in cities like Kabul and
Jalalabad where the office of Save the
Children was attacked last week it's a
lot of our friends are hurt today I woke
up to this gunfire on the military
academy which is in the neighborhood I
live and it's unfortunate that we see a
rise in casualty than attacks and to be
honest you really don't know what what
tomorrow awaits you so there is an
unprecedented level of violence
happening in the heart of the capital
which also suggests the lack of the
capability and also the failure of the
Afghan
security and institutions particularly
to protect the city and could you talk
also about the that there are many
Afghan easily mning Pakistan for the
this new resurgence of these kinds of
attacks claiming that Pakistan is in
effect trying to use the the the Taliban
especially the Haqqani network wing of
the Taliban as a means of getting back
at the Trump administration for its
pressure well what I can say is that the
Taliban leadership are in Pakistani
cities like quite like Peshawar
myeong-ja and most of for instance in
the Intercontinental Hotel attack also
the one in 2011 they could trace phone
conversation with with the Pakistani
numbers and Pakistani people all Afghans
living in Pakistan so I think the blame
is very valid because you can't really
go after some of the people who plan
finance and train some of these
operatives who come and put such a
tragic scene play almost now every day
in places like Cabo
um lotfullah I wanted to go to a clip
Pakistan condemned suspected US drone
strike last week which targeted an
Afghan refugee camp inside northwestern
Pakistan officials there said the drone
strike killed two alleged militants with
the Taliban linked to Connie network
this is Pakistan's foreign ministry
spokesperson mohammed faisal buckston
condemned the drone strike in core
emergency carried out by the resolute
support mission yesterday which targeted
and ofon refugee camp Pakistan continues
to emphasize to the us the importance of
actionable intelligence so that
appropriate action is taken against
terrorists by our forces within our
territory Pakistan has also been
stressing the need of early repatriation
of upon refugees as their presence in
Pakistan helps of on terrorists to melt
and morph among them such unilateral
actions are detrimental to the spirit of
cooperation between the two countries in
the fight against terrorism laughlin
agent Posada
could you comment on that drone strike
and also explain more that the role that
Pakistan is playing in your country in
Afghanistan civilian casualties should
be condemned everywhere including
Pakistan Pakistani people or Afghan
refugees should be protected of course
not harmed in such attacks but at the
same time militants should be targeted
and those who wage war and Afghan people
and also Pakistani people regardless of
where they live and where they are I
think the argument what the Afghan
government has been saying for years now
the United States government as well is
that the safe havens provided for the
Haqqani network the Taliban and other
militant groups across the Afghan border
in Pakistan should be stopped because
that as long as you have safe havens
they can travel to countries in the Gulf
finance the missions and to be able to
continue the war and at the same time I
think it's important to know that there
is a wide consensus now that a political
settlement is the ultimate solution to
this 16 17 year old conflict now I
wanted to ask you about the role of the
Afghan security forces I mean the United
States has spent billions of dollars and
hours as you mentioned over 16 years
trying to rebuild the Afghan security
forces and yet they seem not to be able
to even in a capital city
assure the safety of the the residents
and the citizens of Afghanistan the
Afghan forces and police and the
Intelligence Agency they are paying a
very high price some days we see reports
of more than 20 of them die a day for
their country it would be unfair to to
underestimate that the leadership of our
security agencies of course can be
challenged and questioned whether they
are competent enough or not for example
because of bad politics in this country
we haven't had a National Security
Council which is a weekly security
meeting which is the most important
security meeting for the government
hasn't happened for the past two or
three months simply because they could
not agree go to invite you not to invite
in that meeting and instead of that
ministers of of interior intelligence
chief national security advisers and
others whose main job are to to to focus
on security or negotiating politics with
with political parties that
unfortunately has contributed to to
mismanagement of our forces but it
doesn't mean that what our soldiers and
police make sacrifice on daily basis
across the country is not valuable it is
not something that we shouldn't
appreciate and understand not follow can
you explain what happened on Saturday
the day of this ambulance suicide attack
an ambulance that was packed with
explosives
where was it the significance of how it
got in and who it killed the attack was
one of the deadliest of course and so
there were two ambulances they got into
a hospital nearby and one of them
laughed for one direction and the other
for another direction which was closer
to the old Ministry of Interior building
a mission flag the European Union and
the Embassy of Sweden and the
Netherlands the Dutch embassy and home
to a lot of Afghan MPs and officials and
arriving at the police check post today
stopped the ambulance asking where it
was going because yeah there was no
hospital on that direction and then once
they were stopped in India and they next
to the checkpoint there were a lot of
men waiting for their registration into
the police department and that was when
it was exploded so a lot of people who
were died were just next next to the
blast site queuing to get it to one of
the government government buildings and
also a lot of bypassers a lot of people
coming to the nearby hospital so a very
crowded area and we still don't know how
many people exactly or-or-or killed and
wounded i've visited one of my friends
at that area today who said that one of
his relatives are still is still missing
and they don't know where he was killed
in that attack his phones are not
working and this is three days after the
attack and you still really don't know
how many people are meeting here and the
number of US troops what over 14
thousand US troops and Trump has
promised to send well over a thousand
more can you talk about this ongoing war
for the u.s. the longest war in US
history I mean and we see the toll of
this in Afghanistan with Saturday
Taliban claimed responsibility that
seems to be this rivalry between Taliban
and Isis today another attack Isis
claiming responsibility but what about
the u.s. role well
let's not mention if we don't have US
troops in the country today and your
support we have no army we have no
and that is detrimental to the future of
Afghanistan that's detrimental for the
civil society that's the media for the
government president Ronnie himself has
said that would help us presence in the
country he he won't be able to survive
his government in six months that is the
dependency of our government and our
society to an extent maybe not directly
but somehow to the presence of the
American forces what they do
these forces are stationed throughout
the country helping and advising Afghan
forces who are engaged in about 20
battles in twenty provinces out of
thirty four on every every single day
that is the magnitude of violence and
chaos and at one point you know we had a
hundred thousand US troops and fifty
thousand NATO 250 and we didn't have
this much of violence so so we can say
that this is of course it's a very quite
significant number but not not enough to
be able to accompany train and advise
Afghan forces to fight this is a very
widespread battle throughout Afghanistan
well fool are you you say that without
the presence of even this the US troops
that the that the present government
could not could not stand why is that I
mean it is it because the Taliban to
have much greater support of the
population than then we've been led to
believe I mean why is it that the
government cannot control an insurgency
that is supposedly doesn't have much
support primarily because most of our
spending especially in the defence
directly coming from Western governments
the u.s. in particular if you take that
money out that's what I said you have
you have no army and police in this
country the United States government is
paying their salaries on monthly basis
and the Afghan government can
that is about four billion dollars plus
and then of course there is other direct
spending in civilian side u.s. aid is
spending over a billion dollar a year in
this country which helps the economy to
grow so the country is so poor and and
of course there is this battle which is
happening with support from other
countries that our our government cannot
stand that level of Prussia the support
for the Taliban to be honest is very
very low some surveys suggest that it's
below 10% and we have seen that
throughout the past decade or so it's
not the Taliban are very popular or
other insurgent groups it's just because
institutions are not as strong it's
because we've gone through four decades
of war and civil war and chaos and we
are under the belief in Indian
government is not Fallujah posada we
want to thank you for being with us
joining us from Afghanistan's capital
Kabul news director of Tolo news a
24-hour news channel based there in
Kabul when we come back Michigan's
Attorney General has launched
investigation into Michigan State the
entire board of directors of USA
Gymnastics is resigning after the team
dr. Larry Nassau was sentenced up to a
hundred seventy five years in prison for
sexually assaulting more than a hundred
60 young female athletes stay with us
