if we want to be a light to the world if
we think that democracy and liberty are
important virtues we need to get our own
house in order well here we are on the
Sunday special professor jonathan hight
of n wagon we're gonna get to all of my
questions about his brand new book the
coddling of the american mind which he's
written along with greg lukianov over at
that fire we'll get to all that stuff
plus the righteous mind all sorts of
great stuff but first let's talk about
your impending doom 71% of people say
they need life insurance but only 59%
have coverage which means at least 12%
of people are procrastinating and
another like 30% are idiots
sure normally procrastinating is a bad
thing but if you've been avoiding
getting life insurance procrastinating
may in this case have worked in your
favor because while you are putting off
getting life insurance policy genius was
making it easy policy genius is the easy
way to compare life insurance online you
can compare quotes in just five minutes
when it's that easy putting it off
becomes a lot harder you can compare
quotes while sitting on the couch
watching TV you can compare quotes while
listening to this podcast just try it
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance placed over
twenty billion dollars in coverage and
they don't just make life insurance easy
they compare disability insurance
renter's insurance health insurance if
you care about it they can cover it so
if you need life insurance but you've
been putting it off because it's too
confusing or you don't have the time
don't be a loser checkout policy genius
it's the easy way to compare top
insurers and find the best value for you
there's no sales pressure there's zero
hassle and it's free go check it out
what are you waiting for policy genius
calm when it's this easy to compare life
insurance why put it off
professor height thanks so much for
stopping by this is really a pleasure so
I want to start off by asking you sort
of some off-the-beaten-track questions
about your background I like to find out
where people are coming from before we
delve into their ideas so what exactly
is your you become very politicized a
lot of folks in politics very interested
in what you have to say your books were
first recommended to me by a
high-ranking Republican official what is
your political background where do you
stand politically and how did you get
there well I'm a totally stereotypical
Northeast Jewish liberal you know
academic type that's my background I
grew up hating well Richard Nixon my was
a little kid because I knew what you're
supposed to hate Nixon and then Reagan I
began studying cultural psychology in
graduate school looking at how
nations vary in their morale in their in
their moral worldviews and then as the
when the Democrats lost in 2000 and then
again in 2004 I began I was very upset
and I said I can't stand it that the
Democrats don't know how to talk about
morality and I can help them and so I
started converting my research over my
research from how countries vary - how
left and right very because by then left
and right in this country were becoming
like different countries with different
US history and even you know different
constitutions and so I committed to
understanding conservatives that I could
help explain conservative morality and
in the course of reading conservative
and libertarian philosophy and ideas I
realized oh my god you actually have to
look at problems from different
perspectives to understand them over
time I kind of stepped out I still talk
about the Republican Party later I have
very little good to say about the
Republican Party but I no longer
identify as being on any team I study
moral psychology I'm a social scientist
and I think as a social psychologist if
you're doing social science it's really
helpful to not be on a team to have the
independence to just try to study
problem so that's my background so as a
precursor to discussing some of the
issues you discuss in the coddling of
the American mind I think it's almost
necessary to talk about your earlier
book the righteous mind because that
sort of provides the intellectual
framework for what you talk about in the
new book so I wanted to ask you some
questions about about where that so to
fill in folks who may not have read the
book you make an argument that there are
a bunch of different moral axes along
which people work that people don't just
work along the idea of good and bad that
this breaks down into a number of
different categories and that left and
right see these categories differently
so what exactly are those moral axes and
how do they play into politics yeah so
from studying morality across cultures
and reading you know the Old Testament
and the Quran and reading ethnographies
from non-western societies it was really
clear that that everywhere you look
people understand like you know harm and
pain and suffering that that's a moral
issue and reciprocity and fairness
that's a moral issue everywhere but when
you go to other issues like respect for
authority
it's very common but some places are
really a gala terian and sort in-group
loyalty that's very common but some
places it's less important and then
that's
four axes are dimensions and then the
fifth one is sanctity or purity the idea
that's that the body is a temple it must
be protected from from degradation so
the kosher laws and Judaism are similar
in some ways to the hindu restrictions
on eating and prayer things like that so
it's a the theory that i developed based
in part on the ideas of richard shweder
my advisor at the university of chicago
was that the moral mind is like the way
the tongue has five different taste buds
on it for to pick up five different
chemical properties of the world our
minds it's as though they have five or
more different moral taste buds and
different religions different political
philosophies build a structure on some
of those what I found empirically from
doing research survey work in other
kinds of work is that people on the left
in America and in general in other
countries too
they build their morality mostly on
issues of care harm protection of the
vulnerable and then fairness but
fairness as a quality whereas social
conservatives they have those but they
see fairness more as proportionality do
the crime do the time that sort of thing
and then they also care a lot more about
group loyalty respect for authority and
a sense of sanctity or purity and if you
have that vocabulary those five moral
foundations you can understand why left
and right can't understand each other on
most cultural warrant issues and so what
that what that sort of implies and it's
underscored by the other point that you
making the righteous mind which the
people are largely driven by intuition
rather than how we like to think of
ourselves as reasonable creatures if
that's the case can there ever really be
any sort of conciliation in terms of
politics or is all of this sort of
chimeric all like there's no way to come
to it to it is sort of even conversation
right so so philosophically and
psychologically I am an intuitionist
that means I think intuition is where
the action is into it more our moral
intuitions come first and they drive our
reasoning afterwards that might make it
seem as though we therefore can't agree
because we're all just driven by gut
feelings but it's more complicated than
that because our intuitions come first
but they are educable they are
changeable we can't change each other's
intuitions just by throwing reasons you
know if left and right talking to each
other well you know don't you care about
you know respect for your parents you
can't just throw things at each other
but in relationships
we we come to listen to somebody we talk
with someone our minds can meld this is
an amazing ability that humans have that
no other animal has we can meld our
minds if we're open to that and then we
can actually hear each other and that's
what happened to me when I set out to
understand conservative thought I
actually met a few conservatives I'm
there were not many in my world but I
talked to some people they were very
decent people
so through relationships with the right
kind of relationships we actually can
open our minds and hearts a great novel
can do that a great ethnography can do
that and one of the tragedies are our
national life is that while we used to
be fairly mixed politically and we were
more separated racially in other ways
we've gotten more mixed along a lot of
axes but we're getting more and more
separate politically we live more in
more and more purified filter bubbles
and that makes it harder to empathize it
exacerbates our political divide and it
damages our democracy so that brings us
to the new book the coddling of the
American mind which really talks about
the ramifications of exactly this sort
of divide and in the in the coddling of
the American mind you talk about what
you'd consider three big problems in
American society today if you want to
just illuminate those that'd be
fantastic sure so the book is based
around three great untruths my first
book the happiness hypothesis was
actually about ten insights that you
find in ancient cultures all over the
world psychological insights and so one
of them is what doesn't kill you makes
you stronger
that was Nietzsche's formulation but you
find the exact same idea in mensches in
ancient China you find it all over the
world that kids need Challen beings need
challenge obstacles failure setback in
order to grow so that's a basic truth
that's a psychological truth but what
we're finding on campus we're finding in
the lives of American kids is an
increasing increasing presence of the
idea that what doesn't kill you makes
you weaker that is in fact oh my god
there's just just recently there's an
article making the rounds kids are
mobilizing in high school to to end the
practice of regular public speaking that
we you know some kids have anxiety
around public speaking that's very
common one of the article one of the
lines in this Atlantic article it quoted
a high school kids saying
nobody should be forced to do something
that they're not comfortable doing Wow
Wow can you imagine raising kids with
that dictum how would they come out if
this is true that we need challenges
setbacks even fear we have to be afraid
and overcome it and realize oh I can do
that and if we give in to this idea that
no one should be forced to do anything
they're uncomfortable doing we are
setting up the next generation for
failure and that's exactly our subtitle
how good intentions and bad ideas are
setting up a generation for failure more
briefly the second grade on truth is
always trust your feelings and the third
is life is a battle between good people
and evil people and our contention of
this in the book is that if we can
successfully teach the young generation
all three of these great untruths
they're almost guaranteed to fail well
let's talk about that that last one
because the last Bransford seems to me
the most dangerous one of all the
attempts to favor feelings I think have
a long subjective history and in some
ways may tie into the the intuition is
Amit you talked about earlier I mean
David Hume suggesting that basically we
are creatures of passion and then the
reason sort of rides on top pretending
but with that with all that said when it
comes to the question of you know people
seeing each other's good and evil do you
think that's bringing more from one side
of the Alvin then another do you how do
you see that that chain of causality
moving well let's hold off on the
question of who's to blame or who is
more guilty of this let's just start
with the basic psychology here which is
that human beings evolved for tribalism
this is actually our great secret but
you know chimpanzees hunting they have
had that they have troops and they
controlled territories so they're able
to do this they're able to have battles
between groups but humans are the
Masters of this and while that might
sound bad actually it enables us to
cooperate it enables us to have a shared
moral world so we are by nature tribal
and that's what got us into civilization
but modern liberal democracies are
brilliant at turning that down to allow
people to live more peacefully humans go
very quickly to tribalism but we can
also tone it down we're very good at
trade we're curious about other groups
as well and so
modern society is one that finds ways to
turn that down allow people to live near
others who are different from them with
no hostility no violence and we did a
pretty good job of that in the 20th
century and there was a huge wave
towards democracy so we made a lot of
progress in last few centuries
overcoming tribalism and the problem is
that it's so easy to turn it back on and
a lot of what's happening in our
politics between left and right that's
been accelerating since the 1990s cross
partisan hatred keeps going up and up
since the 1980s or 90s and unfortunately
now with certain forms of identity
politics we're finding these these
tensions between groups in the United
States and I just read there's a new
book out called the tribe something like
that in Britain very much the same
process is happening in the UK so this I
find very alarming that our our society
our politics social media are turning up
our tribalism so what do you think that
increased tribalism is coming from
because my theory would would be that
based on sort of Robert putnams believes
in in diversity of ethnicity being less
beneficial than for example solidarity
with regard to opinion meaning that
diversity is is great so long as we all
share a common goal but as if we don't
share a common goal than everything
fractures pretty quickly that the the
goal-oriented nature of the United
States a common culture that we shared
has basically disintegrated since the
1960s in some ways that's been for good
on issues of sex and race for example
but in some ways that's been quite bad
in terms of traditional morality in my
view the stuff that held the social
fabric together it seems like that's
what's been fraying most is the social
fabric and what that's done is its
thrust people back into the the
tribalism that you're talking about what
would you attribute the rise in
tribalism to yeah so the way that I
think about what's happened to our
country is that in a large secular
society there are a lot of forces
blowing us apart and they're a lot
pulling us together and if you go back
to the mid to late 20th century
everything was lined up to pull us
together we'd had extraordinarily high
rates of immigration in the late 19th
and early 20th century that's when my
grandparents came over from Russia and
Poland there was a big wave of
anti-immigrant backlash and in the 20s
the gates were shot immigration went way
down and as you say immigration has many
good effects
and many bad effects yet you have to
look at it honestly and try to maximize
the good so we had by the 70s and 80s we
had very low rates of foreign-born there
was a dominant culture it was the wasp
culture David Brooks has written
brilliantly about how the wasp setup a
meritocracy within which Jews and Asians
and other groups were able to succeed we
had a common enemy still in the Soviet
Union we had a functioning political
culture in Washington where there's a
lot of bipartisanship Oh in the media
system there were three networks and so
there was a more common common sources
of news so all those things were lined
up and this was the center of American
greatness and all over the world people
look to America and they said wow we
want what they've got let's copy their
Constitution let's copy their culture we
were the light of the world obviously
that's plenty of anti-americanism too
but there's a lot of admiration for us
and then one by one the the centrifugal
force is pulling us together began to
weaken the immediate environment
obviously reversed beginning with cable
TV all the way through to social media
now it's fractionating us the obviously
immigration greatly increased beginning
of the 60s and again many good things
The Economist's or clear integration is
good economically but as you say the
issues of social trust and cohesion
Robert putnams work and others suggest
that that that drops trust in others
drops and to have a functioning
democracy it really helps to have cross
group trust to not be suspicious of each
other so in so many ways things have
kind of turned around and we have to do
some serious thinking what is it going
to take to restore the the social
supports for an effective democracy I
mean I do wonder if one of the things
that it's gonna take is something that's
completely unpalatable to one side of
the political aisle at least and that is
a return to social institutions that
people don't like very much particularly
on the left so you I want to ask you
about that in just one second first
let's talk about your psychiatric health
today's show is sponsored by talk space
the online therapy company that lets you
message a licensed therapist from
anywhere at any time
all you need is a computer with internet
connection or the talk space mobile app
I'm a big advocate of if you need help
you need to talk to somebody and that
means you can improve your mental health
even if you had trouble making time for
it in the past
you can't imagine fitting anything else
in your life while the talks based
therapies is easiest
your therapist a message you need to get
something off your chest whenever you
need to well you do that with talk space
to talk about everyday challenges at
work or at home
chat about life there are no extra
commutes no leaving the office no
judgement remember therapy isn't just
about venting your innermost thoughts
digging into childhood memories it's
also about practical everyday strategies
that's the most important stuff for
stress management living a happy life
getting involved in in preventing your
own bad chains of mental thought having
a therapist simply provides you a
designated person for you to talk to
who's trained to listen and help you
make those positive changes all the
stigma that's associated with talking to
someone it's idiotic which is why you
should talk to my friends over at talk
space the talk space platform has over
2,000 licensed therapists who are
experienced and addressing life
challenges we all face to match for the
perfect therapist for a fraction of the
price of traditional therapy just go to
talk space.com slash Shapiro
use the code Shapiro to get forty five
bucks off your first month and show your
support for the show that's Shapiro and
talk space.com slash Shapiro for that
special deal go check it out right now
so sorry god I thought I spoke quickly
you are amazing oh thank you yeah they
won't if my career falls through I'll be
