president from six the DOJ on the FBI
left his cry foul and did the Pope just
actually shift Catholic policy on
homosexuality we'll talk about all of it
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh yes and I'm so happy to be back I had
a wonderful three-day weekend because it
was the Jewish holiday of Shavuot which
meant that I was barred from electronics
and couldn't travel and all that which
meant I got to spend time with my family
and read which are my two favorite
things in the world so I'm in a very
good mood and then I checked the news
last night and I'm in less of a good
mood so we'll talk about why I'm in less
good after checking all of the news last
night I do want to remind everybody by
the way that we do have upcoming events
happening in Dallas and Phoenix those
are coming up in August and you can go
to Daley wired.com slash events if you
want to get tickets for that we're
nearly sold out I believe in both places
where we're approaching sellout
proportions certainly in both places
right now it's only been open to the
general public for a couple of days here
so you got a rush to get those tickets
in right now Dallas and Phoenix coming
up in August check it out daily wire.com
slash events also I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
right now the economy is doing really
well the dollar is quite strong but that
means in some cases that the only place
to go is down which is one of the
reasons that you least want to hedge
your bets with some precious metals I'm
not saying take all your money out of
the stock market and start buying gold
and storing it in your attic what I am
saying is that if you haven't hedged any
of your precious metals you're making
somewhat of a mistake and this is why
you should talk to my friends over at
Birch gold group they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
an A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau right now you can contact Birch
gold to request a free information kit
on physical precious metals the
comprehensive 16 page kit reveals how
gold and silver can protect your savings
how you can legally move your IRA or
401k out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA if so you choose to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit all
you have to do is go to birchgold.com
slash Ben that is birchgold.com
slash men again you owe it to yourself
to have at least a little bit of your
money in precious metals to protect
against inflation to protect against all
the sorts of volatility in the market to
protect against foreign policy shocks
and all the rest birchgold.com slash Ben
gets you your information once you've
asked all your information and you've
gotten all of your information then you
can think about investing go to
birchgold.com slash Ben those are the
folks that I trust all righty so the big
news of course is this blow-up between
President Trump and the FBI so President
Trump over the weekend tweeted out that
the FBI had been surveilling his
campaign during the campaign based on
stories that broke late last week from
the New York Times that there were
an informant who'd been working within
the Trump campaign to bring information
about supposed collusion between members
of the Trump campaign and Russia and
Trump pointed back to his tweet early in
2016 in which he said that he was
wiretapped at Trump Tower now Trump
himself was not wired tapped at Trump
Tower however he did allege that he was
surveilled during the campaign it's not
clear that Trump personally was
surveilled during the campaign but there
were members of his campaign who are
surveilled during the campaign so the
reason that I want to clarify all of
this is because what you're hearing from
both left and right I think are
over-broad versions of the stories that
are that are actually worth telling so
from the right way you're hearing is
there was a deep conspiracy a deep state
conspiracy to get President Trump from
the point when it wasn't even clear he
was gonna be the nominee all the way
back in March 2016 the FBI was going
after Trump's campaign trying to sink
him from the inside can we'll go through
the evidence for that and demonstrate
what's true about that and what is not
sure about that
well you're hearing from the left is
Trump obviously colluded with Russia the
members of the Trump team are in bed
with Vladimir Putin and Putin was
actually calling the shots from the
Kremlin and he was deciding how exactly
Trump should campaign he was deciding
how the campaign would go so everything
was totally aboveboard by the FBI okay
so we're gonna go through all of the
evidence here and we're gonna discuss
what is real and what is not here is
what happened over the last 24 hours so
according to the New York Times in White
House chief of staff Ash's Washington
Post rather White House chief of staff
John Kelly plans to convene a meeting
between top law enforcement and
intelligence officials and GOP national
leaders to quote-unquote review highly
classified and other information the
lawmakers have requested about the FBI's
use of a confidential source to aid an
investigation of the Trump campaign a
White House spokeswoman said Monday
President Trump met for an hour Monday
with Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein FBI director Christopher ray
and Director of National Intelligence
Stan Coates the meeting came a day after
the DOJ asked its Inspector General to
investigate Trump's claim that his
campaign may have been infiltrated by
the FBI source for political purposes
and amid continued demands from GOP
lawmakers that the department produced
materials on the person White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
said that in a meeting it was agreed the
White House chief of staff Kelly will
immediately set up a meeting with other
FBI DOJ and DNI together with
congressional leaders to review highly
classified and other information they
have requested the significance of that
was not immediately clear do
leaders have fought vigorously against
revealing to Congress materials on the
source they say that if they reveal who
the informant was that will leak to the
press the press basically has already
come up with who the informant was it
has not been fully confirmed yet so I'm
not going to mention the name of the
informant on the show but it's pretty
obvious who this informant was through
basic google searches you can get the
person's name it was not clear whether
they back down from their position and
would not allow it would now allow GOP
leaders to look at the documents or
whether there would simply be a
follow-up meeting for more discussion so
according to Republicans there have been
two big boo-boos and these two big
boo-boos demonstrate ill-will toward the
Trump campaign and demonstrate that the
Obama run FBI was actually attempting to
get Trump all the way back during the
Republican primaries so these two
boo-boos supposedly were the use of an
informant to go after George papadopolis
and to go after Carter page two Trump
foreign policy aides Papadopoulos had
met in I believe April in London with a
Russian cutout who was a professor in
London who had close ties with the
Russians and who had suggested that the
Russian government could get information
about Hillary Clinton's emails to the
Trump campaign Papadopoulos had run that
up the chain nothing had happened
because of it but Papadopoulos obviously
we who's apparently bragging about it in
front of the Australian ambassador to
the Australian ambassador called the FBI
the FBI decided to put an informant on
Papadopoulos is sort of how the timeline
there goes the implication here by
Republicans is that all of that was
useless not only useless
counterproductive not only
counterproductive politically motivated
that if Papadopoulos had been working
for Hillary Clinton nobody would have
even attempted such a thing hey that is
claimed number one claim number two is
that the Carter page FISA warrant which
was gotten late in the years like
September 2016 that Carter page FISA
warrant was ill-gotten that it was
gotten on the basis of the seal dossier
now you recall the seal dossier I know
this all gets complicated but I'm trying
to break it down the steel dossier as
you recall was a was originally a
dossier funded by the Washington free
beacon that was supposed to uncover
Apple research about president Trump the
Washington free beacon was working
through a firm called fusion GPS before
Christopher Steele a British spy signed
on the Washington free beacon dropped
all this and they said we're not
interested in doing this anymore
and so the fusion GPS group went and got
Hillary Clinton's campaign to fund it at
that point Christopher Steele is a
British spy signed on and provided all
of this information about Trump some of
it surely
some of it likely false some of it may
be true about Trump and Russia okay and
Christopher Steele's dossier was
supposedly used as the basis for the
FISA warrants against Carter Paige and
O'Connor Paige have been again a
low-level foreign policy adviser to the
Trump campaign since 2013 Carter Paige
had been in the eye of the intelligence
community people in the intelligence
community were afraid that maybe he was
a Russian spy he'd been going around
basically soliciting money from the
Russians apparently allegedly and so
they looked at this and they said okay
well let's let's get a wiretap on Carter
Paige let's go out and let's get all the
information on Carter Paige the the
accusation being made by representative
Devon Nunez at the House Intelligence
Committee he's the chairman of the House
Intelligence Committee that the Carter
Paige FISA warrant was basically trumped
up by Democrats in order to get the
Trump campaign so there are two claims
two separate claims about two separate
people that say that the Trump campaign
was targeted and ill in ill-conceived
fashion in corrupt fashion one was the
FISA warrant on Carter page which comes
about later in 2016 and one is the
earlier use of an informant against
George papadopolis and maybe Carter page
as well at the time okay with all of
that in mind President Trump calls the
DOJ on the carpet and he says guys I
need you to investigate what is going on
with the FBI you need to tell me what's
going on were they in fact targeting me
now the New York Times of course has the
New York Times has suggested that even
by Trump going to his own DOJ and asking
for an investigation that this is
obstruction nonsense okay the President
of the United States has plenary power
over the executive branch the executive
branch includes the FBI and the DOJ if
the President of the United States wants
to meet with his DOJ and order them to
investigate something he certainly can
do that what he can't do maybe is tell
them what outcome to come up with an
investigation so he can actually tell
the DOJ to drop an investigation that is
within his legal power he can also fire
people from inside the DOJ could fire
James Comey at the FBI all of that is
within his legal power what could look
like obstruction of justice criminal
obstruction of justice is if President
Trump were to come forward and to say
something like I know that you're about
to find me guilty of obstruction or
you're about to indict me on obstruction
i order you to clear me on obstruction
instead right that he cannot do but
anything else he can pretty much do so
the New York Times is whining about this
Charlie Savage the New York Times says
when President Trump publicly demanded
that the DOJ open an investigation into
the
a scrutiny of his campaign contacts with
Russia he inched further toward
breaching an established constraint on
executive power the White House does not
make decisions about individual law
enforcement investigations okay
well yeah not so much it was pretty
obvious from the outset of the Hillary
investigation that Barack Obama was
never going to allow the DOJ to actually
prosecute Hillary Clinton he said that
he wasn't going to interfere Loretta
Lynch said she wasn't going to interfere
and then she was meeting on the tarmac
with Bill Clinton in the middle of the
investigation Barack Obama was going on
national television saying he didn't see
any evidence that Hillary ought to be
indicted none of this spoke to the
independence of the DOJ Eric Holder was
calling Barack Obama you know he was
saying he was Barack Obama's wingman
during his actual service as Attorney
General on the DOJ so the idea that the
DOJ is a completely independent agency
has no basis in law or fact nonetheless
the New York Times says that Trump is
doing something unprecedented
Rebecca Roy he is a professor at New
York law school who helped write a
coming scholarly article on the limits
of presidential control over the Justice
Department she says it's an incredible
historical moment mr. Trump's move is
the culmination of a lot of moments in
which he has chipped away at
prosecutorial independence but this is a
direct assault it is not a direct
assault there's nothing new about the
president calling the DOJ in and saying
I want you to investigate X Y or Z he is
allowed to do that as an executive
branch agency is not an independent
agency the US government does not have
independent agencies there are agencies
that are under the legislative auspices
there alleges they're there their
agencies that are the judicial auspices
and their agencies that are under the
executive auspices the DOJ is a
constitutional position filled by the
President of the United States he has
complete power over the DOJ nonetheless
the New York Times is very upset about
this they say almost since he took
office mr. Trump has battered his
Justice Department's independence
indirectly lamenting its failure to
reopen a criminal investigation of
Hillary Clinton that found no wrongdoing
and openly complaining that Attorney
General Jeff Sessions recused himself
from the Russia inquiry but he had also
acknowledged that as president I'm not
supposed to be involved with the Justice
Department as part of that pattern he
has also denied the account by James
Comey and FBI director he abruptly fired
that the president privately urged him
to drop an investigation into Michael
Flynn Trump's first national security
adviser now here it is important to
recognize a distinction right Trump is
not telling anybody to drop the Muller
investigation he's not telling rod Rosen
Stein to actually fire James Comey I
mean to actually fire Robert Muller he's
not telling anybody
shut down the SDN why investigation into
Michael Kohn he's saying open an
additional investigation into something
I find corrupt this is utterly and
completely within his power hey he is
allowed to do this there's no question
he is allowed to do this so it is not
obstruction for Trump to meet with his
own department of justice so that's
number one number two it's not
obstruction for Trump to actually order
the DOJ to investigate the FBI's 2016
conduct and this is not the same
investigation as I say is the Muller
investigation he's not interfering in
that he's not interfering in to the SDN
why investigation into Michael Kohn the
Southern District of New York
investigation into his personal attorney
Michael Kohn okay so for all the talk
about this is Trump muddying the waters
interfering doing something no okay all
of this is perfectly allowed now I will
tell you where I think that my feelings
about the the kind of conservative
narrative here are different than you
might hear from some other conservative
commentators but first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at filter by
so when's the last time you check the
filters in your central air system
I know sexy right you go home you kick
off your shoes and you're dreaming about
those filters in your central air system
well the reality is you haven't thought
about the filters in your central air
system for the last 15 years which means
you are now breathing gunk okay you have
not thought about those filters and when
you open up those filters you will see
that they are filled with dust and yuck
and that is why you need to go over to
filter by hey you're not only
aggravating your health you might
actually be destroying your HVAC system
leading to thousands of bucks and
repairs so stop procrastinating and
visit my friends over at filter by
America's leading provider of HVAC
filters for homes and small businesses
they carry over 600 different filter
sizes even custom ones all shipped for
free within 24 hours plus they are
manufactured right here in the United
States filter by offers a multitude of
em ERV options all the way up to
hospital grade check your system
specifications so you can pick the right
option maximize efficiency and elevate
the quality of the air that you breathe
you can set up auto delivery as well so
you don't have to think about air
filters ever again you never have to sit
up late at night thinking about your air
filters they just arrive at your house
plus you save 5% save money save time
and breathe better with filter by comm
we use it at the daily wire offices we
use it at the Shapiro household filter
by comm filter bu Y comm go check them
out filter by comm
make sure that the air that you are
breathing is clean okay so I'm there so
again it is within Trump's purview to
talk to the DOJ about this it's within
trumps purview to launch an
investigation
and in fact I'm not saying there's no
grounds to launch the investigation it's
possible there are grounds another
former Trump campaign aide named Michael
Caputo he came forward he said that
another informant approached me saying
that there was one the reports are
there's one informants that approached
the the approached Carter page and
George papadopolis
now they're saying there's a second
informant that approached Michael Caputo
during the campaign let me tell you
something that I know for a fact the
this informant this person that they
planted tried to plant into the campaign
and even into the administration if you
believe Axios he's not the only person
that came at the campaign and the FBI is
not the only Obama agency that came at
the campaign
I know because they came at me and I'm
looking for clearance to my attorney to
reveal this to the public this is just
the beginning okay so if it turns out
that pretty much everyone in the Trump
campaign whether or not they were
involved in suspicious contacts was
being targeted by informants then it
starts to look a lot more like the
conspiracy theory is true that the Obama
FBI was targeting the Trump campaign in
the very early stages Mike Pence is
saying that Trump is very grateful the
DOJ is looking into surveillance make
sense the president I think is grateful
that the Department of Justice is going
to have the Inspector General look into
it and determine and ensure that there
