the deputy FBI director resigns
President Trump gives his State of the
Union address tonight oh happy happy hey
and we'll talk about the release of the
memo and the Kraken I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
lots of news to get to you today I will
also have some thoughts on Black Panther
I haven't seen it yet but I just have a
feeling that it will be the greatest
movie ever and that critics will love it
more than any movie has ever been loved
by anyone at any time at any place in
history I think it's just gonna be that
good or maybe it won't and we'll never
find out about it that's possible as
well we'll talk about a lot of that sort
of stuff in deconstructing the culture a
little bit later in the show
but before we get to any of the myriad
topics upon which we must have fine
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at policy genius so every
year 30% of people make a resolution to
be more financially responsible and then
those people don't do anything well
don't be one of those people make that
resolution and then go out and make sure
that you are covered for life insurance
because here's the fact if you plotz
tomorrow your family is going to be
without money okay that is not
responsible planning you want to make
sure that your family is fine if you
plot to mean aside from the emotional
loss of you plotting they shouldn't have
to deal with the financial fallout and
that's why you need to go over to my
friends over a policy genius it's the
easy way to compare and buy life
insurance online they let you compare
quotes in just five minutes
and they don't just insure life they
insure everything they compare health
insurance disability insurance pet
insurance renters insurance
there are lots of ways to be responsible
and policy genius allows you to do that
at the most effective possible price so
if you made a new year's resolution to
be more financially responsible do it
right now like really right now just
pause the podcast go over to policy
genius and then get your life insurance
and then when you come back and you're
shocked by the news and have a heart
attack no one will care because your
family will be paid it'll be fine okay
so policy gene is calm it's the easy way
to compare and buy life insurance again
it's free policy genius get your new
year's resolution resolved in five
minutes over at policy genius.com
all right so we begin today with the
firing or else ting of Andrew McCain so
there was a lot of talk over the last
year and a half about Andrew McCabe
Andrew McCabe was the deputy FBI
director he worked under FBI director
James Comey and then for a short period
of time he was the interim FBI director
before Christopher Rea was appointed to
head that to head that organization well
yesterday Andrew McCabe finally stepped
down from his position it was unclear is
a lot of talk about whether he was
ousted or whether he stepped down
voluntarily
whether he had been basically told that
it's gonna be your brains your signature
on this piece of paper or whether he
just decided I've had enough of
president Trump making fun of me and I'm
leaving so here is what I believe it's
guy Benson over
at over at townhall right he says as you
already know FBI deputy director Andrew
McCabe against whom the president has
fulminated in tweets is no longer
occupying his position
CNN's Jim Acosta reported the departure
was mutual and done on McCain's terms
but a lot of other networks are now
confirming that McCabe had been ousted
so why did that happen well there are a
few different explanations first off and
the mccabe just he's a month and a half
away from his announced retirement and
he decided that he had enough accrued
time off to leave so that's that's
possibility number one possibility
number two is that there's an IG report
an inspector general report on the
Justice Department's handling of the of
the Hillary Clinton email probe and that
there's a bunch of stuff in there that
makes Andrew McKay but look really bad
so there's a fox producer who Prieta
quote breaking McCabe out at FBI source
familiar says that in advance of the IG
report McCabe was told to begin what is
referred to as a terminal leave so
basically there's a bunch of bad news
those him come out about Andrew McCabe
and how corrupt he was and so he got out
now now this is a possibility remember
Andrew McCabe's wife and was running for
a state Senate seat in Virginia and the
Clinton connected governor of Virginia
Terry McAuliffe had a political action
committee and that political action
committee directed something like
$700,000 to McCabe's wife so that's a
pretty good indicator of where mchavez
politically because very rare that you
have a political mixed marriage and
there's a lot of talk inside the FBI as
well that McCabe should have stepped
aside in the middle of the Hilary email
investigation he did not he waited until
a full week only a week before this all
happened before before the election
happened and then he stepped down and so
there was talk inside the FBI it was in
texts that have now been uncovered and
in which was pretty clear that
higher-ups at the FBI could not
understand why McCabe had not stepped
away from the Clinton investigation okay
another possibility is that the FBI
director Christopher Rae has now read
the infamous Russia memo compiled by the
House Intelligence Committee of
Republicans that committee is voting and
they voted yesterday to release the memo
so it's possible whether Chris Rea over
at the FBI saw something in the House
Intelligence memo that said to him that
the cable is guilty of something and so
he went to McCabe and said listen you
need to step down you need to step down
so it's possible that there's something
about McCabe in there and there are
people have been leaking about what
exactly is in this memo president Trump
will discuss the memo in just a few
minutes here President Trump it's now on
his desk for consideration whether he
wants to release this
intelligence committee memo that
supposedly details all sorts of
intelligence committee misbehavior and
and bad behavior and Trump can release
that but a lot of the details have
started leaking out
well according to guy Benson elements
have started leaking including that
Trump appointed Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein approved an extension of
surveillance on former Trump campaign
aide Carter page who had been suspected
of malfeasance visiter the Russians now
it is quite possible that Carter page
was being surveilled for good reason the
guy was basically running around Russia
asking for someone to pay him allegedly
and Paige was reportedly under file of
FISA surveillance back in 2014 but it's
a possibility that McCabe was involved
in the in the get Carter page routine
because Carter page was a trump staffer
so we'll have to we'll have to find out
the New York Times is reporting by the
way that the FBI director Christopher
Rae found something concerning in the IG
report and he was gonna move McCabe into
another job which was effectively a
demotion instead McCabe decided to leave
the FBI so looks like it has nothing to
do with the House Intelligence memo
although we won't know until the House
Intelligence memo has actually been
revealed bottom line is that McCabe it
sounds like left for a good reason it
doesn't sound like this was Trump firing
Andrew McCabe why would he bother firing
Andrew McCabe a month before became is
gonna leave anyway a lot of people I'm
left saying oh this is obstruction of
justice so it's it's a slow motion
Saturday night massacre Chris Matthew
always a shame he came and he said you
know what
this is like Nixon you know he leaves
this McCabe guy he was protecting us
he's gonna stand up to Trump Russia
collusion Putin I roll out of bed coming
with a show coming here talk about
Russia
slow-motion Saturday mask ago I said
earlier today that make that Andrew
McCabe should not be replaced with
somebody who's just a presidential
stooge and who's going to help kill this
investigation because there are already
plenty of people around here quite
honestly who are just doing the bidding
of the president over conducting a
thorough and fair investigation it looks
like your Congressman I mean you're
young too young to have seen it but it
looks like a slow-motion Saturday night
Massacre one by one
Comey McCabe and now Rosen Stein and
targets in the target zone no you're
right look I was born shortly before
the president resigned in 1974 and there
are a lot of comparisons and parallels
to the Nixon years except at that time
you actually had a congress of a
different party that was a kind of check
on the president doing a thorough
investigation here there's a real
question whether that's going on okay so
that obviously is not the case okay the
idea this is a Saturday night Massacre
Saturday massacre if you recall back to
1974 is when there's a special in
council investigation into Nick into
Watergate and Richard Nixon ordered
Archibald Cox who was then the Attorney
General - he ordered Archibald Cox was
the special prosecutor and he ordered
the Attorney General to fire the special
prosecutor the Attorney General refused
and then he fired the Attorney General
and the special prosecutor by appointing
a new attorney general who would fire
the special prosecutor that's what the
Saturday massacre was McCabe was not
fired here really he was told by the
head of the FBI there's some bad stuff
about you and then he resigned he's
keeping his pension he's gonna fill out
his term okay no one has been fired here
except for James Comey and Comey of
course goes out and tweets
self-righteously
and what's amazing is that people are
treating James Comey as though he's some
sort of great Halcyon of truth right I
was open to the idea that James Comey
was a truth teller because his
reputation was pretty good before the
last year and a half but now all James
Comey does on Twitter is literally quote
himself he would really did this the
other day he actually quoted himself and
then he wrote this quote then he said me
right actually attributed it to me okay
James Comey is the most self-serving
some guy in American politics in a
position where he ought not be
self-serving you know President Trump
was not wrong to call him a grandstander
because pretty clear that's what's
happening here so Comey who's now on
Twitter he says special agent Andrew
McCabe stood tall over the last eight
months when small people were trying to
tear down an institution we all depend
on he served with distinction for two
decades I wish Andy well I also wish
continued strength for the rest of the
FBI America needs you now listen I think
that America does need the FBI but James
Comey is largely responsible for tearing
down the credibility of the FBI
it was James Comey who's responsible for
using the FBI as a political tool to
protect President Obama and Hillary
Clinton now is that an excuse for
Republicans to be doing what they've
been doing about the FBI I I'm not sure
that it is we're gonna have to see the
contents of this much ballyhooed House
Intelligence memo and we're going to
talk about that in just a second but the
idea that James Comey has anything to
say here or that the FBI was squeaky
clean during the Hillary and
station or that Andrew McCabe shouldn't
have recused himself or the Comey gets
to stand there and talk about honesty
and the FBI after legitimately changing
the law on the fly in order to exonerate
Hillary Clinton and let Loretta Lynch
then the Attorney General of the United
States off the hook all of that is a
bunch of nonsense all that's a bunch of
nonsense so before everybody starts
going off on the old mccabe was fired
it's the Saturday night massacre no
that's not what's happening at all let's
look at the facts and then we can
analyze okay so we're gonna get into
memo fight 2018 it's the greatest MMA
bout of the century we'll get into that
in just one second but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
wing so if you're like me trying to
follow all of these scandals day by day
and you are trying to follow the
narrative and you think that you might
need a drink okay that's why you need to
go to my friends over at wing so what
wink is really great for is you're going
to a dinner party you don't know
anything about wine you want to bring
them out on the line that's just going
to astonish everyone and you don't know
a bottle of wine from dishwasher
detergent you just don't know anything
about wine well that's what tri wink is
for so you go to try wink calm slash
Bend and they have this great algorithm
where they ask you it's a pallet profile
quiz they ask you simple questions you
know that people would never be able to
translate into a wine recommendation
like how do you like your coffee how do
you feel about blueberries and then they
send a wine that is curated to your
taste the more wines you rate the more
personalized your monthly selection each
month there are fantastic new wines
people at our office love length day we
had a wine-tasting party here at the
office and people got smashed because
that's what they do on a regular day but
here they actually enjoyed the liquor
they weren't just drinking turpentine go
to try winked calm /bin it's try winked
calm /span you get $20 off your first
shipment that's t ry winc calm / been
for 20 bucks off try wink calm / Ben
check it out and again this is the best
way to to purchase wine not only for
yourself but also for those dinner
parties where you just don't know what
to bring try wink calm so that also
makes for a great gift for Valentine's
Day which is coming up very shortly here
so okay so meanwhile memo fight 2018
it's the the rumble in the jungle
it's the duel at the palace it's just
gonna be incredible memo fight which
sounds just about as boring as it is
that is all about this House
Intelligence memo so I looked it up last
night
Devin Nunez his name is pronounced Nunez
it's not pronounced Nunez it's happened
it's Newtons okay so just so it we're
clear
Devin Nunez is the head of the
intelligence committee and Devon Nunez
who's a Republican representative from
California put together to this House
Intelligence Committee memo it's a
four-page memo that supposedly lays out
all of the malfeasance pursued by the by
the intelligence community in the Trump
Russia collusion case and Hillary
Clinton case so as you recall there was
a big movement to release the memo so in
order to release the memo to the public
they would actually have to vote in the
House Intelligence Committee to release
it to the public then the President of
the United States has five days to look
at it and determine whether or not to
release it and whether it released the
memo or not Trump is looking at that
right now so yesterday the House
Intelligence Committee voted along party
lines to release the memo they also did
vote to make the the Democratic memo
Adam Schiff Democrat came out with a
second memo that was supposed to debunk
the Republican memo and it has to go
through a process first you actually
have to vote to release the memo to the
rest of the house then you have to vote
to release the memo more broadly they
did vote not to release it to the public
yesterday but they voted to release it
to the rest of the house so other people
can read it they really should vote to
release all of this stuff at 1:00 so
that we can see as much of it as
possible in the in the fastest possible
way we should also see the underlying
materials as much as long as those
underlying materials don't actually
endanger national security Adam Schiff
of course was very angry this house
intelligence memo was going to be
released to the public and he does have
a gift I mean the man has the ability to
look nonpartisan even when he's saying
deeply partisan things here is Adams
chef Adam Schiff his Democrat from
California we had votes today to
politicize the intelligence process to
prohibit the FBI and the Department of
Justice from expressing their concerns
to our committee and to the house and to
selectively released to the public
only the majority's distorted memo
without the full facts a very sad day I
think in the history of this committee
as I said to my committee colleagues
during this hearing sadly we can fully
expect that the president United States
will not put the national interest over
his own personal interest but it is a
sad day indeed when that is also true of
our own committee okay so basically
Democrats are making the claim that
Democrats are making the claim that the
FBI is squeaky clean and then any memo
that comes out that condemns the FBI is
an attack on the FBI now I don't know
it's in the memo again you don't know
what's in the memo yet no one knows
what's in the memo
yet I suspect that there is some stuff
in there that's pretty damning of the
FBI and I also suspect that Republicans
are out over their skis on this memo
that they're over playing the memo that
they are suggesting that the memo is
going to be the kill shot that takes
down the Mueller investigation if so I
don't know why I think these are two
separate issues it is quite possible
that the FISA warrant on Carter page was
originally badly gotten there's more to
the investigation it's also possible
that the FBI was badly compromised in
the Hillary Clinton investigation but
was not super compromised in the Trump
Russia collusion investigation remember
and one of the weird oddities about all
this is we're talking about the
corruption of the FBI on behalf of
Hillary Clinton in the last election
cycle but it was the FBI's constant
intervention who's James commis
intervention the non intervention that
intervention and non intervention that
probably tossed the election away from
Hillary Clinton's you Donald Trump
meanwhile we didn't hear anything from
the FBI for months about the Trump
Russia collusion investigation that was
going on so there's a lot of oddity
about all of this Democrats I think our
our posturing you know if they suggest
that the FBI is completely clean that
the memo is completely made-up and it's
all nonsense and we just want to protect
the FBI and national security the
Democrats have spent my entire lifetime
attacking the FBI and national security
so I find this a little bit convenient
politically Nancy Pelosi is doing the
same thing she says that she's deeply
deeply angry over the Devin Nunez memo
this is a very big honor that the leader
gives to the ranking member that the
speaker gives to the chairman to be
deputized to protect the intelligence
intelligence to for force protection of
our troops for fighting terrorism and
the rest of that instead chairman Nunez
has act like a stooge acting with the
speaker stooge a stooge of the White
