President Trump says he might want to
end birthright citizenship by executive
order we investigate the nature of
anti-semitism and we talk about the
relationship between rhetoric and
violence I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so every day a new news
cycle there's a lot to talk about today
as well
still more news in the aftermath of the
pittsburgh synagogue shooting plus the
President of the United States has now
unleashed a new controversy he says that
he might want to sign an executive order
getting rid of birthright citizenship
for the children of illegal immigrants
will talk about the legality of that and
the policy considerations and what this
has to do with the 2018 elections but
first let's talk about managing your
money so as a human who does not have
tons of time to manage my own money I
have advisers who tell me how to manage
my money for me and you know I'll tell
you it's kind of expensive but the
reality is you don't need a really
expensive financial adviser what you
really need is somebody who's gonna help
you outsmart average and that's where
betterment comes in betterment is the
smart way to manage your money it's the
investing tools for people who refuse to
settle for average investing it's
cutting-edge technology combined with
human expertise here's what it does it's
technology designed to help you make
more from your investments unlimited
expert advice designed to help you make
smart financial decisions you know time
to read all the prospectus says you can
you need somebody helping you out and
this is what betterment does they give
you tax efficient investing strategies
that give you an edge with low
transparent fees constant access to
information tools that allow you to
track progress toward your goals so you
can always feel like a smart savvy
investor sign up today get up to one
year manage for free betterment helps
you outsmart average investing does
involve risk the Ben Shapiro show
listeners can get up to one year manage
for free for more information visit
better mint.com slash Shapiro that's
betterment comm slash appear you owe it
to yourself to invest your money the
smart way betterment helps you outsmart
average betterment comm slash Shapiro
sitting up to one-year manage for free
so check it out right now all right so
the big controversy of the day because
every day a new controversy that's the
theme of today is America the President
of the United States has now said in an
interview that he is interested in
signing an executive order that would
end birthright citizenship for illegal
immigrant children so here is the way
the law currently operates if you come
to the United States for virtually any
purpose unless you are a foreign
diplomat you come to the United States
and you have a baby in the United States
that baby is autumn
matically a citizen of the united states
entitled to all rights and privileges
conferred upon all citizens of the
United States the reason that this is a
controversial issue is because nothing
in the Constitution actually says that
this is the case not only does nothing
in the Constitution actually say that
this is the case there's pretty good
evidence that the framers of the
Fourteenth Amendment had no intent to do
anything remotely like this suggests
that just because you come to the United
States and then you have a baby here
your baby is now a United States citizen
and this does have some pretty
significant costs involved right now you
have in California seen many stories
about this you've had situations where
legitimate birth tourism is happening
people are traveling to the United
States just to have babies in the United
States so that their kids become
American citizens and there's some
pretty significant impacts the Center
for Immigration Studies which is very
anti illegal immigration and they
estimate that between 300 and 400
thousand children are born to illegal
immigrants in the United States every
single year meaning one out of every ten
births in the United States is to any
legal immigrant mother all of those
children are considered by the executive
branch of the US government to be US
citizens enjoying the same rights and
privileges as the children of US
citizens the population of us born
children with illegal alien parents has
expanded rapidly from 2.3 million in
2003 to 4 million in 2008 and that does
not include children who are 18 years of
age or older so the actual figure is
actually somewhat larger all of the
benefits that are available to American
citizens are obviously available to
these American citizens there's a lot of
talk about illegal immigration not
having a tremendous impact on the
American economy because he legal
immigrants are barred from federal
welfare for example their children
however are not and this does lead to
chain migration because children are now
US citizens and they can sponsor their
parents for a United States Citizenship
the Center for Immigration Studies
suggests that many of the welfare costs
associated with illegal immigration are
due to current birthright citizenship
policy they say greater efforts at
barring illegal aliens from federal
welfare programs do not reduce cost
because the kids are still American
citizens nationwide forty percent of the
illegal alien headed households received
some type of welfare in some states the
rate is higher in New York forty-nine
percent receive welfare in California 48
percent only 19 percent of households
headed by native
born citizens make use of a major
welfare program in other words illegal
aliens who have American citizen
children are taking advantage of welfare
at exorbitant rates and states offer
additional welfare benefits as well this
is all according to the Center for
Immigration Studies again the LA County
Supervisor estimates that illegal
immigration and birthright citizenship
cost taxpayers in LA County over a
billion dollars annually not including
education costs a lot a lot of money 59%
of illegal aliens and their us-born
children live in or near poverty and
again then these kids are able to
sponsor their parents for residency in
the United States so there's a lot of
talk today about this is racist this is
the Trump administration trying to
simply bar people who are differently
colored from coming into the United
States no there are serious economic
costs associated with low income people
and low and poorly educated folks who
are illegally immigration and illegal
immigrating to the United States coming
here having babies their kids become
citizens and now their kids are entitled
to all of the benefits that American
citizenship confers so President Trump
suggested today that he could change all
of this by executive order here's what
he said he said it was always told to me
they needed a constitutional amendment
guess what you don't and then he said
you definitely can do it with an act of
Congress but now they're saying I can do
it with just an executive order we're
the only country in the world where a
person comes in and has a baby and the
baby is essentially a citizen of the
United States with all of those benefits
it's ridiculous ridiculous and it has to
end okay so there are a couple of
contentions that he makes here
contention number one birthright
citizenship is bad policy I tend to
agree with this I think the birthright
citizenship is bad policy if you just
coming across the border and having a
baby in the United States that does not
mean that you have come in through our
legal immigration system and your
children are going to be much more
impacted obviously by their parents than
they're going to be impacted simply by
force and dint of living in the United
States so if you're interested in a
country that assimilates people to
American values you need people
immigrating legally and then having
babies here legally
now listen legal residents of the United
States different story because legal
residents very often are preparing to
become immigrants to the United States
so my in-laws for example were legal
residents to the United States my wife
came here as a child she came here back
and
until she was 12 they came here
permanently when she was 12 she did not
become an American citizen in the United
States until actually after we were
married and not because we were married
but because her her time of waiting had
expired
that was basically when she was 21 22
years old she got her American
citizenship because she had to wait 10
years in order to get American
citizenship but her younger brother was
born in the United States and he was an
American citizen as he should have been
his parents were legal residents of the
United States the 14th amendment
essentially guarantees that if you are
legal residents of the United States or
a citizen of the United States your
children are American citizens which
again makes a fair bit of sense because
if you want to make sure that kids are
ensconced in the American Way of life
you want to make sure that their parents
are loyal to the United States
government and are loyal to the American
Constitution the same is not true for
the children of illegal immigrants if
you just come across the border have a
baby never go through the legal process
we didn't want you right I mean there's
no evidence that we wanted you maybe we
do want you but we don't know there's no
evidence of this then suggesting that
this inherently is is a good idea is is
kind of foolhardy president Trump says
that we're the only country in the world
where a person comes in and has a baby
and the baby is a citizen of the United
States that's not true there are 30
countries across the world that have
birthright citizenship most of those
happen to be in Central and South
America Cuba Haiti these are places with
birthright citizenship he is not wrong
however that in the developed world we
are almost unique and I say almost I
mean the only other country that has
anything remotely like a birthright
citizenship category is Canada so Canada
has sort of a birthright citizenship
category as well no country in Europe
does so for all the talk about Europe
being open and welcoming to immigrants
the United States is birthright
citizenship policy is significantly more
open than the European policy if you
come in from Morocco to France you have
a baby in France that does not make your
citizen an actual citizen of friends you
have to apply for a legal citizenship in
France so the key phrase here in the
14th amendment is subject to the
jurisdiction thereof here's what the
14th Amendment says and you're seeing a
lot of folks in the media who don't know
anything about constitutional law whoa
pine on these issues suggest that the
14th amendment
dictates that children of illegal
immigrants are by necessity under the
Constitution citizens of the United
States that is not clear nor is it
correct I think under the text of the
Fourteenth Amendments and the Fourteenth
Amendment says this all persons born or
naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof our
citizens of the United States and of the
state will and of the State wherein they
reside that key phrase is subject to the
jurisdiction thereof again I'll read it
again all persons born or naturalized in
the United States and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof our citizens of the
United States and of the State wherein
they reside why is that phrase necessary
if you're just reading that why do you
need the phrase subject to the
jurisdiction thereof why not just all
persons born or naturalized in the
United States are citizens of the United
States obviously the phrase comes to add
something what does the phrase come to
add what does the phrase subject to the
jurisdiction there I've come to add well
the people who framed this amendment
knew what it came to add it was to
prevent a situation where a foreign
diplomat comes to the United States the
Ambassador from France comes to the
United States and his wife has a baby
and now the baby is an American citizen
not only that it was meant to prevent
citizenship for Native American tribes
because we were trying to ensure that
Native American babies born to Native
American tribes
we're not automatically American
citizens because that would be taking
sovereignty from the Native American
tribes the same thing was true of
soldiers who were fighting from abroad
in the United States so let's say there
was a mercenary force that came to the
United States someone brought along
their wives that are fighting the United
States government there but their wives
had babies in the United States it was
meant to exclude that why because they
were not subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States government meaning
that if you were subject to the
jurisdiction of another government you
are not subject to the jurisdiction of
the American government elias shapiro of
the cato institute points out again the
phrases originally written to exclude
the children of native american tribes
from american citizenship as well as the
children of foreign diplomats and
soldiers from abroad fighting on
american land the amendment itself the
14th amendment was specifically designed
to reverse Dred Scott there's an awful
evil Supreme Court case in which an
escaped slave named Dred Scott sued for
his American citizenship he said I am an
American citizen I was born in the
United States I was freed I escaped my
masters I'm now in the north and now I'm
free I'm not gonna be returned to
slavery and it abrogates my rights to be
returned to slavery in Dred Scott the
Supreme Court in evil fashion found that
the Constitution of the United States
did not apply to black people born in
the United States because they were not
covered by the Constitution the forge
amendment was designed to reverse that
and say that if you were a freed slave
if you're a black person born in the
United States than you were a citizen of
the United States Senator Jacob Howard
Republican of Michigan explained the
purpose of the subject to the
jurisdiction thereof provision back when
it was written he said this will not of
course include persons born in the
United States who are foreigners aliens
who belong to the families of
ambassadors or foreign ministers
accredited to the government of the
United States but will include every
other class of persons it settles the
great question of citizenship and
removes all doubt as to what persons are
or are not citizens of the United States
well in just a second we'll get to the
Supreme Court jurisprudence on this
which kind of muddies the issue more
than the amendment actually does from
the very outset we'll talk about that in
just second first let's talk about the
fact we're all gonna plotz the fact
we're all gonna plotz means that you got
to prepare for that eventuality if
you're not you're not being a
responsible human got a family to take
care of
there are funeral expenses you're not
gonna be earning the same way you were
before you were dead just a fact of life
unfortunately so you need life insurance
life insurance is just something that it
is responsible to have having life
insurance is a pretty good feeling
because you know at least that your
family is secure and policy genius helps
you get it it's the easy way to get life
insurance online in just two minutes you
can compare quotes from the top insurers
to find the best policy for you and when
you compare quotes you save money it is
indeed that simple policy genius has
helped over 4 million people shop for
insurance placed over twenty billion
dollars in coverage and they don't just
make life insurance easy they also
compared disability insurance and auto
insurance and home insurance if you care
about it they can cover it so if you've
been avoiding getting life insurance
because it's difficult or confusing give
policy genius a try go to policy genius
com get your quotes apply in minutes you
can do the whole thing on your phone
right now
policy genius is indeed the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance again
policy genius.com go check them out
right now let me know we sent you policy
genius the easy way to compare and buy
life insurance ok so the Supreme Court
has weighed in on birthright citizenship
kind of but not really what I mean by
this is there's a line of cases with
regards to citizenship that don't
actually clarify the issue with regard
to children of illegal immigrants so
here's the line of cases in 1884 there
was a Supreme Court case called elk vs.
Watkins I believe in which the Supreme
Court ruled that a Native American born
under the jurisdiction of a Native
American tribe could not you know add
really make himself a citizen of the
United States so what happened is there
was a baby who's born to a Native
American family under Native American
tribal sovereignty he said listen I
don't want to be subject to Native
American tribal sovereignty and I was
born in the United States I'm a United
States citizen and the court said no you
don't get to make yourself a United
States citizen just because you were
born in the United States if your
parents were subject to the jurisdiction
of a foreign body namely Native American
tribes this seems to cut against
birthright citizenship for illegal
immigrants illegal immigrants are in
fact citizens of another country and
they're subject to the jurisdiction of
those other countries how do we know
this because under the Vienna
conventions if an illegal immigrant in
the United States from Mexico say
commits a crime we have an obligation
under the Vienna Convention to let him
know about his consular rights we have
to let him know that he can go to his
local consulate and that the consulate
will provide him services this was
adjudicated in a case called Midian
versus Texas when all the way to the
Supreme Court in which this guy who
murdered someone on American soil or
raped someone dr8 may have been a rape
and murder in any case he was not
informed of his right to consular access
and this was considered a violation of
his rights because he was an illegal
immigrant in the United States so this
seems very much in line with that right
this 1884 case that says just cuz you're
born in the United States if you are
subject to the jurisdiction of a foreign
power you are not a United States
citizen in 1898 there was another case
and this is the one that proponents of
birthright citizenship like to cite the
Supreme Court ruled that Wong Kim Ark
was a child born in the United States to
a legal resident Chinese immigrant
couple was included in birthright
citizenship but again that was who legal
residents that's more like the case of
my parents in law and my and my
brother-in-law and he was born in the
United States to legal resident parents
and therefore he's an American citizen
