Republicans and Democrats battle it out
over the future of the robert mueller
special council probe chuck schumer
searches for a strategy on illegal
immigration and we discussed the power
of repentance i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show so the russia probe
is all over the news we're going to
discuss that we are also going to get to
illegal immigrants trying to shut down
disneyland which is terrible it's the
happiest place on earth why would you do
that
also I'm confused why illegal immigrants
would try to shut down Disneyland it has
a wall around it and you need tickets to
enter and you are thrown out if you
Eagle e trespass so that seems like a
weird place to protest but we'll get to
all of those things first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at MVM T
so as you know MVM t make the best
watches they don't just make the best
watches they're also the best watches
for the least cost they are inexpensive
here is my MVM t watch I wear this thing
every day look how good-looking that is
I mean it's just minimalist and cool and
neatly designed it's fantastic this
company is growing incredibly fast
they've now sold over 2 million watches
or around 2 million watches in 160
countries and right now
we're running up on Valentine's Day so
ladies if you're looking to buy your
husband or boyfriend a watch and Men if
you're looking buy your girlfriend to
watch it this is the best place to do it
I've bought mbm t watches for my mom I
bought one for my wife my dad has an M
VMT watch so everyone gets MVM T watches
because they are just fantastic and
again they're cutting out the middleman
so that means that you're getting
beautiful watches like this one which
would go three to four hundred dollars
in a department store
you're getting that for you know in the
mid 100 it's just fantastic so our
friends at M VMT have put together the
perfect guide to make your life easier
whether you're shopping for him or her
and you want watches or their new
fashion for bracelets sunglasses or any
combination in their limited edition
gift box M VNT has in-house stylists who
have curated their trendiest pieces for
gift ideas your special someone will
absolutely love as I say it's really
easy to shop it's fun to shop I enjoy
looking at the M VMT website and you
will too M VMT and their stylists are
the people to trust with all of this get
15% off today with free shipping and
free returns by going to MDM t.com slash
Shapiro that's MVM t comm slash Shapiro
that was cool at shows it's synagogue
last week and a fella walked off Burnham
II who listens to the show and he
immediately showed me his MV MT watch
because people who listen to the show
love the watches they get from em VMT
MVM t-dot-com / appear in the afib
tene percent off today with free
shipping and free returns to join the
movement MDM t-dot-com slash Shapiro
alright so I want to bring you the
latest on the Mueller investigation so
there's a lot going on in the Mueller
investigation but very little of it has
to do with Trump Russia collusion now we
were promised that Trump Russia
collusion was what this entire thing was
about it appears more and more day by
day
now this investigation has nothing to do
with Trump Russia collusion it has
everything to do with obstruction of
justice that's what it looks like it is
moving toward so on Wednesday there a
bevy of news stories about the Mueller
investigation and apparently the Special
Counsel is now trying to get Trump
himself in for an interview Trump would
be a fool to do the interview because
the minute the Trump interviews with the
guy it's a perjury trap right every time
you talk with the federal government
this is it first rule okay just as a
lawyer and this is true right left
center everybody if the police ever asks
you talk to you
the answer is wait let me call my lawyer
okay that's always the answer if you
want to be safe your answer is wait let
me call my lawyer not because you just
trust the police or you think they're
gonna do something wrong but because
you're gonna get caught in traps where
you don't know exactly how to navigate
these waters right the first word of any
defense counsel when you walk into that
room is don't talk here without a lawyer
and that would certainly be true for
Mike Flynn Mike Flynn talked to the FBI
without a lawyer and now he finds
himself i sat facing five years in
federal prison I do not talk to the FBI
without a lawyer this is certainly true
of Trump who has a tendency to babble on
at the mouth while this interview would
presumably be focused on Trump's firing
a former FBI director James Comey his
alleged request to call me to let now
indicted former national security
adviser Flynn go and his pressure on
various officials ranging from Attorney
General Jeff Sessions to Deputy FBI
director Andrew McCabe with regard to
the Trump Russia collusion investigation
so according to the Washington Post
Robert Mueller wants to investigate
Trump especially about the firings of
Flynn and Comey sessions in Comey have
both met with the special counsel
investigators already Anna sources told
the Post that Mueller quote has also
expressed interest in Trump's efforts to
remove sessions as Attorney General or
pressure him into quitting the person
said the special counsel was seeking to
determine whether there was a pattern of
behavior by the president so here's the
pattern of behavior to go back in time
according to Comey Trump asked him for a
loyalty oath back in January then in
February Trump fired Flynn because back
in December Flynn had called up the
Russian government and asked them to
vote a certain way on a resolution at
the UN and then he'd lie
about the FBI to it so Trump fires Flynn
immediately thereafter Comey says that
Trump asked Co me to let Flynn go Trump
didn't help his case when he tweeted out
that he had to let Flynn go because
Flynn lied to the FBI that makes it
sound like Trump was trying to
manipulate Comey into allowing Flynn to
get off on federal charges which could
be seen as him trying to move the
investigation in one direction or
another and then in May then then of
course Trump fires call me and then says
on national TV that he did it because of
the Russian investigation and then in
May Trump asked Andrew McCabe the deputy
FBI director how he voted in the last
election cycle when he was taking over
his interim director throughout this
period Trump was harassing Attorney
General Jeff Sessions on Twitter
presumably for accusing himself from the
Russia investigation so what exactly is
Mueller doing with all of this what here
was illegal supposedly this is all about
him obstructing justice Trump
obstructing justice getting in the way
of justice and Democrats been saying
this for months that this is the
direction they thought the investigation
was moving now note this investigation
began with the accusation that the Trump
campaign works with the Russians in
order to win the election and to stop
Hillary Clinton from becoming president
now what we're talking about has nothing
to do with any of this so you talk about
an investigation that is broadened out
and moved sideways just like every
Special Counsel investigation ever this
is what has happened here and that is
Robert Mueller's fault yeah when your
job is to find crime you find crime even
if that crime has to be manipulated on
the back of other crimes meaning that
Flynn probably didn't do anything wrong
when he called up the Russian government
but he lied to the FBI
she's caught in sort of a perjury trap
as I suggested before and then Trump is
now gonna be caught in a an obstruction
trap because he said something to call
me about it at least that is what it
looks like is happening here Dianne
Feinstein the senator from California
she's been suggesting this for months
back in December she said quote I think
what we're beginning to see is the
putting together of a case of
obstruction of justice I think we see
this in the indictments the four
indictments and the police that have
just taken place in some of the comments
that are being made I see it in the
hyper frenetic attitude of the White
House the comments every day the
continual tweets and I see it most
importantly in what happened with the
firing of former FBI director Comey it
is my belief that it is directly because
he did not agree to lift the cloud of
the Russia investigation that's
obstruction of justice now is it really
obstruction of justice as I've explained
multiple times on the show the answer is
no there are three separate federal laws
that deal with obstruction of justice
there's 18 US Code 1503 that is called
the Omnibus clause of obstruction of
justice
it covers quote corruptly or by any
threatening letter or communication
influencing or impeding or endeavoring
to influence obstruct or impede the due
administration of justice but the clause
requires a pending judicial proceeding
that was supposedly obstructed there is
no pending judicial proceeding that has
been found here as of yet okay so that
really does not apply also you'd have to
prove that Trump materially impeded the
investigation there's no real suggestion
he's done that right the special counsel
continues to investigate he hasn't fired
Robert Mueller
he fired James Comey but that didn't
stop the investigation whatever he said
to call me about investigating Flynn
didn't stop Comey from investigating
Flynn as Comey freely admitted in front
of Congress okay second clause is 18 US
Code 1512 C this provision of law covers
anyone who quote obstructs influences or
impedes an official proceeding or
attempts to do so first of all it's not
clear that an FBI investigation is
actually an official proceeding but also
you have to prove intent under this
crime you have to prove that there was
an intent to obstruct justice and a
substantial step toward the
accomplishment of that goal what was the
substantial step now maybe make the case
that the substantial step was him firing
Comey but Trump can fire call me for any
reason whatsoever that's not obstruction
of justice unless he actually stops the
investigation unless he stands in and
stops the investigation cold and says
you are no longer allowed to perform
this investigation even that may not be
able structure of justice by the way but
he would actually have to come in and
say I want you to find me innocent that
be obstruction of justice he comes in he
says I will fire you unless you find me
innocent in this probe that's probably
obstruction of justice but there is no
there's no clear evidence that that was
the case he wanted to call me to find
him innocent but I didn't shut down the
investigation after call me refused to
do so and there's 18 US Code 15-19 this
provision covers destroying evidence
there's no evidence that Trump has
destroyed evidence so what exactly is
Robert Mueller doing at this point it
looks like he's setting the groundwork
for what would be an impeachment hunt by
Democrats after the 2018 house elections
if they went back a control of the house
all over non illegal obstruction of an
investigation that found no underlying
crime other than lying to the FBI which
is a crime but is not the crime that we
were promised now Trump is gonna be
tempted to pardon everybody who lied to
the FBI
Republicans will surely defend Trump
Democrats will say this is all
impeachable because people lied to the
FBI and then Trump quote-unquote
obstructed justice even if he didn't
legally do so so he could get a nasty
knock-down drag-out fight over an issue
completely unrelated to Trump Russia
collusion right that's the direction
that
investigation is moving and it's no
wonder that people in Republican power
Republican places of power are finding
this difficult to deal with they're
finding this discomforting because this
is not what was suggested right this is
not what the investigation was
originally about Democrats said Hillary
Clinton's election was stolen Donald
Trump stole the election of Vladimir
Putin's help that obviously is not what
has happened here and no evidence has
been provided that suggests that this is
what has happened here now Democrats
aren't letting the Russia stuff go
obviously because they can they've told
their base that Russia Russia Russia
Russia is behind everything like just
today Dianne Feinstein and Adam Schiff
both Democrats from California pushed
Facebook and Twitter to investigate the
release the memo social media campaign
like that campaign as you recall we've
talked about it for the last week that
is a campaign to release Devin nuñez's
House Intelligence memo that apparently
compiles a bunch of failures of FISA
including presumably that FISA based its
original investigation its original
warrant on Carter page from foreign
policy advisor on bad Intel right on bad
Intel provided by a democratic capo firm
so now Feinstein and Schiff are pushing
Facebook and Twitter suggesting that
perhaps Russian bots are manipulating
the hashtag released the memo the whole
goal here by the way is to push Facebook
and Twitter so they shut down
conservative news and information that's
what the Democrats want to do here so
they are corrupted they are pushing the
rush of stuff in a way that is dishonest
I think but you know I think that
there's there's another side to this
story too and in a second I'm gonna
discuss the other sides of this story
because the way that Republicans are
responding to this investigation could
be right and it could be very wrong now
I'll explain what I mean by that in just
a second first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over equip so you have a
face on that face is a mouth in that
mouth our teeth and if you do not
properly brush your teeth then you could
die and that's not really an
exaggeration the fact is that heart
health has actually been pretty
significantly linked to oral health and
when it comes to your health it's
probable that you're not brushing your
teeth correctly well that's why you need
quick quip is the new electric
toothbrush that packs just the right
amount of vibration into a slim design
in a fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric brushes right it
comes complete with pulsing alert to
tell you when to switch sides making
brushing the right amount effortless it
also comes to the mount that sections
right to your mirror on sticks to use as
a cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in your gym bag or in
your carry-on it's easy to travel this
electric tooth
I travel all the time and Hartford
Connecticut today speaking at UConn I've
got my equipped toothbrush with me
because I don't have to bring this huge
recharger the battery fits right inside
the toothbrush which means that you just
stick it in your travel bag and you are
basically ready to go
clip subscription plan also ensures that
your brush is refreshed on a dentist
recommended schedule delivering new
brush heads every three months for just
five dollars including free shipping
worldwide clip is backed by a networked
order 10,000 dental professionals most
toothbrushes don't get named one of the
best inventions of the Year by Time
magazine but quit did
there's a reason quip starts at just 25
bucks and if you go to get quip comm
slash Shapiro that's GE t qu IP comm
slash Shapiro right now you get your
first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush that's your first
refill pack free at get quip comm slash
Shapiro again that is get quip comm
slash up here o GE tqu IP comm slash
Shapiro and right now you get your first
refill pack free plus when you use the
slash tip here that lets them know that
we sent you as well so that always helps
with our advertisers so check that out
as well okay so with all of this said
about the Mueller investigation
there is another controversy that has
arisen and that of course is whether the
Mueller investigation should be done
away with completely now the Republican
case that the Mueller investigation
should be done away with completely is
not the Mueller investigation has found
nothing on Trump Russia so far because
we don't know that right we don't know
what Mueller has found he hasn't
revealed that and it's a little bit of a
jump from saying that the investigation
was initially compromised to suggesting
that the entire investigation will find
nothing we just don't know right by all
implication I would think that they
really have nothing that's my opinion
though I don't have the underlying facts
and so I'm trying to separate my own
opinion from the facts so we'll have to
wait to find out whether the Mueller
investigation actually finds something
if all they find is Flynn and
obstruction of justice I think everyone
is going to be disappointed and should
be at least in terms of what they were
promised so meanwhile the Republicans
are attacking the investigation itself
by is hacking the FBI here is the
problem either the FBI was corrupted by
Democrats or it is not corrupt and
Republicans are corrupting the FBI and
and targeting the FBI to defend Trump
neither of these answers is good neither
of these is good for the country if it
turns out the Democrats compromised the
FBI an attempt to stop President Trump
from becoming president and then
continued to use the FBI in an attempt
to curb Trump's presidency then that is
corruption at the highest levels that is
the destruction of one of the great
American institutions
destruction of a law-enforcement agency
that requires the trust of the American
people
it's just along the lines of the Obama
administration compromising the IRS and
using it as a political baton so that's
option number one Republicans are right
and the FBI has been significantly
compromised by Democrats and there is a
quote-unquote deep state problem going
on
then there's Theory number two then
there's Theory number two right theory
number two is that the Democrats did not
actually compromise the FBI the FBI may
have some problematic figures like Peter
struck and Lisa Paige in it but that
does not mean the FBI's actually
compromised the investigation is moving
as most investigations do there's not
serious democratic infiltration of the
FBI it's just working as a law
enforcement agency does in which case
Republicans are targeting a law
enforcement agency for Destruction in
order to defend President Trump which is
a really really bad look okay here's the
basis for all of this so in the last few
weeks heard the revelations regarding
alleged collusion between the Trump
campaign and the Russian government and
most of all regarding the FBI's
investigation of it okay text messages
between FBI agents Peter struck and his
mistress Lisa Paige talked openly about
a quarter unquote path you threw out for
consideration in deputy director Andrew
McCabe's office as a quote insurance
