president from struggles to deal with
the fallout from the alleged Saudi
murder of a dissident president Trump
battles it out with stormy Daniels in
the great battle of our time and we're
going to talk about some fundamental
conservative principles today I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
stop the hammering I only say that
because if you can't actually hear that
through my microphone there's
legitimately hammering going on on the
floor beneath us as we build out our new
lair our fantastic new studios which
will be unveiled sometime in the future
just like the Shapiro store may take
longer to materialize then I say it will
but eventually it will arrive there is
news to get to today and philosophy to
get you today many many things to talk
about but first let us talk about the
upcoming election if you look at the
rhetoric from the leftist news outlets
on the heels of Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation they are trying to solidify
the left for the midterms it is going to
be a battle for the house right now
chances are Democrats win the house here
is what's at stake if the Democrats do
take the house the positive policies
Republicans have enacted over the past
few years everything to help the economy
regulatory reform tax cuts judicial
appointments withdrawal from the Iran
deal all of it could be stymied if the
Dems take control of either house and
when they start to obstruct that might
have an effect on the dollar on stocks
on other unknowns that could impact your
savings so what is your plan can you
afford another hit to your retirement
like last downturn when the S&P dropped
50% well hedge against inflation hedge
against uncertainty and instability with
some precious metals doesn't mean take
all your money and put it in gold but
you should have some of your money in
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against uncertainty my savings plan is
diversified and yours should be as well
the company I trust for precious metal
purchases is Birch gold group and right
now thanks to a little-known IRS tax law
you can even move your IRA or eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
and silver perfect for folks who want to
protect those hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty when the bottom falls out of
everything else gold tends to safeguard
savings right now go check out Birch
gold at birchgold.com /ban that's
birchgold.com /ban contact Birch gold
group now and you can request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals it's a 16 page kit showing how
gold and silver can protect your savings
go check it out right now
birchgold.com /ban they're the folks I
trust for investments in precious metals
birchgold.com /ban alright so we begin
today with the President of the United
States suggesting that if the Democrats
win the house it's not his fault that's
not a big shock I mean you wouldn't
expect President Trump he's not really a
the buck stops here guy
that's not his MO D'Amato he turns
to operate more in the buck stops
wherever I'm not and therefore if the
Republicans were to lose the house it
has nothing to do with President Trump
now let's be real about this with a
soaring economy the Republicans should
be doing better in polling than they are
Democrats are highly motivated to get
out and vote partially because of
President Trump do I think it's extra
because of Trump not really believe it
or not I think that Democrats are
motivated to vote because the Republican
is in the White House and it would be
the same thing if it had been Jeb Bush I
think they would have been motivated to
vote midterm elections are really bad
for sitting presidents and this election
cycle is no different if it turns into a
raucous blowout if it turns into
Democrats winning 4050 seats then you
might start talking about the impact
President Trump has had obviously
president Trump has a unique gift for
both getting the worst out of his
opponents and the worst out of himself
from time to time and when I say from
time to time I mean on a not infrequent
basis which is why we're now talking
about stormy Daniels mushrooms Mario
Kart and horse faces well get to all of
that in just a second but President
Trump said yesterday that if the
Republicans do indeed lose the house
it's not on him if they don't go out and
vote then they have themselves to blame
because they'll lose wealth tremendous
amount I built up eleven point seven
trillion dollars and wealthy report on
it okay so you know when he suggests
that it's not his fault because we have
you know a great economy he's right that
we do have a terrific economy right now
there's a study out today and it shows
that the United States is now number one
number one in competitiveness for the
first time in 2008 after May the second
highest overall gained from the previous
year's ranking from the World Economic
Forum according to Ryan's Vedra over at
Daily wire the top five countries where
the US Singapore Germany Switzerland and
Japan all of which saw their scores
increase in 2017 according to The Wall
Street Journal economic recovery is well
underway with the global economy
projected to grow almost 4% in 2018 and
2019 the report stated adding that the
recovery remains vulnerable to a range
of risks and potential shocks as just a
way for economists to hedge their bets
their journal noted that the warning
cited quote a brewing trade war between
the US and China as a possible hindrance
to growth that could potentially derail
the recovery and deter investment the
report scores countries on how closely
they match up to the competitive ideal
the US scored an 86% out of a possible
100 America's vibrant
- entrepreneurial culture and its
dominance in producing a competitive
labor market and nimble financial system
are among the several factors that
contribute to making in the United
States his innovation ecosystem one of
the best in the world this prompted
President Trump to tweet out all of the
good economic news he tweeted out
incredible number just out over seven
million job openings astonishing it's
all working stock market up big on
tremendous potential of USA also strong
profits we are number one in the world
by far which is true he says that we now
have eight times more new manufacturing
jobs than we did under President Obama
also true the fact is that the economy
has been going gangbusters under
President Trump and a large part of that
is not only the regulatory reform and
the tax cuts but a feeling of
consistency and certainty in economics
see it's very important to have a level
of consistency and certainty if you are
running a business if you're living in
the state of California where we are and
you run a business one of the problems
is you are not sure what insane
regulation is going to come down the
pike at any given moment and on a
federal level if you don't know what
crazy regulation is gonna come down the
pike in any given moment you're more
likely to hold out your money you're
more likely to say you know what I'm
gonna leave that money in the bank I'm
not going to invest in a new employee I
may have to fire I'm not going to invest
in new infrastructure that may have to
be unmei have to go unused instead I'm
just gonna hold this money out and I'm
gonna wait for a better economic time
president Trump and Republican Congress
mean that there is a level of solidity
and Americans perceptions of which way
the economy is going to move namely in
the direction of businesses having more
freedom to pursue the the causes that
they wish to pursue but now President
Trump is is signaling that the great
danger to this is the Federal Reserve
the Federal Reserve has been tightening
interest rates the reason they're
tightening interest rates is because
they don't want a bubble they don't want
a lot of folks taking out cheap credit
from the Federal Reserve banks lending
out at cheap rates and then all of those
assets being overvalued and then the
economy collapsing again like it did in
2007-2008 so the Federal Reserve
actually isn't doing the worst thing the
fact the government the fact that the
economy continues to grow at
extraordinary rates with the Federal
Reserve tightening credit is actually
quite a good thing but here as president
Trump suggesting that the economy might
be a little bit more fragile than we
think it is by going after the Federal
Reserve thread is the Fed
because the Fed is raising rates too
fast and it's independent so I don't
speak to him but I'm not happy with what
he's doing
because it's going too fast because you
looked at the last inflation numbers
they're very low okay and it's in it's
you know debatable as to whether the Fed
should even exist but if the Fed is
going to exist and raising interest
rates in a time of economic boom is not
the world's worst idea however there is
a problem we do have this booming
economy right 7 million unfilled jobs
it's an amazing statistic for all the
talk about the hollowing out of the
American middle class and the people who
are living in despair in small-town
communities 7 million unfilled jobs is a
lot of unfilled jobs that is a lot of
unfilled jobs and we are a country
originally of pioneers and entrepreneurs
people who are willing to venture out of
the spaces from which they were born in
order to find new economic opportunities
and new jobs the problem is that an
economy that's booming like this but
that also may require you to add new
skills and move out of your hometown
it's deeply at odds with some president
Trump's campaign promises it's deeply at
odds with a certain perception of the
economy that's pushed by the so called
populist right now when I talk about
populist right I'm talking about folks
who I think say a lot of true things and
a lot of a lot of subjects but not on
this particular subject they and in this
in this particular camp I count a bunch
of folks who have made big names for
themselves based on the idea that
America's economy is bound to fail that
there's too much income inequalities
from the right these are people
supposedly from the right claiming
there's too much income inequality the
manufacturing jobs are dying that small
towns are dying and therefore the
government has to step in and regulate
we need tariffs we need regulations we
need redistributions we need heavier
unionization and this comes from a value
system that doesn't actually see the
morality in the free markets per se now
listen there's nothing that is
necessarily moral and how people use
free markets but the basis of a free
market system private property ownership
and control of your own labor that is a
deep moral good there's something moral
about free markets that is not moral
about restricted markets that can only
hold true when there's no exploitation
that can only hold true
when the government prevents forced use
of labor for example but when the
government steps in and starts trumping
on free-market principles on individual
property rights an individual use of
labor then you get into trouble and the
problem is that there is a widespread
perception among a lot of people on the
populace right that America's economy
even when it's going great guns is still
unfair this is where the trumpian right
meets the Bernie Sanders left Tucker
Carlson has a new book out called ship
of fools we're gonna have Tucker on the
Sunday special sometime in the near
future when Tucker is sort of an
economic economic populist very talented
guy obviously and Tucker's economic
populism borders on sort of a Bernie
Sanders perspective on how the economy
ought to work he talks a lot in his book
about this sort of suffering middle
class that was left behind and one of
the things he says in the book is that I
was reading it last night and it's
really well written it's again Tucker's
a deeply talented guy one of the things
that it says is it says that well the
rich have gotten richer in the United
States the poor have gotten poorer now
he acknowledges that the poor getting
poorer in the United States is not
actually a thing that's happening that
the poor in the United States are still
extraordinarily rich by any sort of
global standard
they are richer than they were in 1979
by any standard they have better stuff
but that's not enough because he says
that there's still Envy between the rich
and the poor and as long as that exists
the government has to step in to help
prevent that Envy from overtaking the
political system that's a perspective
that probably Bernie Sanders supporters
hold and you saw some of this during the
election cycle when President Trump was
trying to appeal to Bernie Sanders
supporters with the same sort of
language the free markets were flawed
that globalization was a bad thing this
is the stands and by the way for free
markets the the dirty word that people
use instead of free markets these days
is globalization
now there are significant problems with
globalization on the local level in
certain areas so for example you're
getting out competed by a business in
China and your business goes out of
business that hurts for you but
globalization is just another word for
free markets because if you were getting
out competed by a farm in California in
your in Ohio that wouldn't be
globalization that would just be the
free market at work there are moral
questions as to whether we should be
doing free-market stuff with
dictatorships like China but there's no
economic question that it is beneficial
economically to consumers in the United
States and to producers who use inputs
in the United States to have free
and yet by suggesting that capitalism
and free markets are not enough
suggesting that globalization is a bad
thing what we need is economic
nationalism or government intervention
president Trump is actually undercutting
the cause of his own economy which is
not based on anti-globalization it's
actually based deeply on a global free
market and on less regulation president
Trump's economic system is based on less
government intervention in the economy
but president Trump has been preaching
more economic intervention in the
economy by suggesting that the economy
is leaving people behind
well that's eternities a talking point
that can be used against him it's a
talking point that can be used against
him in elections and it's also a talking
point that is not particularly
conservative which I'm going to explain
in just one second but first let's talk
about what you do in case of natural
disaster so we've seen now a hurricane
hit in Florida two hurricanes this year
hit in Florida with pretty significant
consequences for a lot of folks you seen
hurricane hit in Houston we've seen
hurricanes hit in Puerto Rico we've seen
earthquakes we've seen tsunamis I mean
natural disasters are a time where you
look around the world and you say well
it wouldn't be good if I were actually
prepared for something like that that is
why you need to go check out my Patriot
supply right now you know hurricanes
natural disasters and things hit with
very little warning and that's why you
need to be prepared up front so go
secure an emergency food supply the
government says you should do it anyway
try trust my Patriot supply to do this
you should too you get a 2-week food kit
to get you started this week it's on
special for only 75 bucks when you go to
my special website prepare with Ben's
comm or call eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 that's eight eight eight
eight oh three 14 13 these food kits
include meals that last up to 25 years
in storage order now prepare yourself so
there are no surprises eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen or
prepare with Ben calm that's eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
or prepare with Ben calm again you need
to prep in case something bad should
happen it's always better be safe than
sorry
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen or prepare with Ben
calm to get that two-week emergency food
supply and again you're not gonna have
to worry about it again because you'll
be prepped so go check it out right now
prepare with Ben calm okay so it's not
just Tucker I don't wanna pick on Tucker
they're a bunch of folks again who I
really admire intellectually I think
Tucker is one of them another person who
I admire intellectually is a guy named
Orrin Kass who has a book out that I've
recommended on the show called the ones
in future worker and in that book Oren
talks about this kind of new populist
economics
what he says is basically capitalism is
designed to provide you the cheapest
products and the best products at the
most available opportunity and there's
no question that this is what capitalism
is achieved this is what globalization
has achieved we live in times that would
astound any human being from even 50
years ago we live in a time economically
where legitimately you can have any
product on planet Earth delivered to you
within days made in 10 different
countries assembled in a factory
overseas shipped directly to your house
you only have to leave your house all
you do is push push a button and these
things arrive there's a very famous
economic essay called eyepencil all
about how no one on planet earth
actually knows how to make a pencil
beginning to end why because there's a
graphite factory and then there's a wood
factory and then there's a paint factory
there's a metal factory there's a rubber
factory all of those places have to
generate small pieces of the pencil and
then it is all assembled and then it is
brought to you for pennies that's the
magic of capitalism that's the magic of
globalization and free markets now when
people say globalization again because
people think that globalization means
that we are giving up control to people
who are outside America they don't
understand that globalization really
just means free markets we just had free
markets folks would be on board but
globalization is an easy way to - it's
kind of a left-liberal term for free
markets that's been used just like
trickle-down economics is a left-liberal
term that has been used instead of
supply-side economics
well Oren cast in his book he talks
about how capitalism is great at
generating all sorts of consumer goods
that capitalism is consumer focused
which obviously is true it's it's
consumed capitalism with making sure
that you can not only dispense with your
own labor at the price that you see fit
but also that you provide products and
services to somebody else that they want
what he says is that we may be living in
a time very soon where people can't find
fulfillment in consumerism instead they
find fulfilment in jobs they find
fulfillment in work now there's no
question that a guy making $20,000 a
year and working is probably happier
than a guy making $20,000 a year from
welfare and not working but the real
question is how much economic
wherewithal do you have to sacrifice how
