Senator Jeff Flake from Arizona says
that President Trump is Stalin Eskin his
approach to the press the Democrats
continue to go bizarrely insane over
president Trump's bleep whole comments
plus we may be about to find out what
President Trump is like down there and
I'm not talking about his hands oh god
no please god no
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
yes indeed The Daily Beast is now
reporting that stormy Daniels she of the
180 IQ and the presumably large breasts
and she's a porn star she apparently had
an affair with President Trump back in
2006 and now they are going to run a
5500 word interview with her about her
sexcapades with Trump they'll discuss
the impact of this and just screaming
over and over and over then trying to
gouge out our eyes before this interview
can come out but before we do any of
those wonderful things first we're gonna
say thank you to our sponsors over at
zip recruiter because once my eyes are
actually out of my head I can no longer
read advertisements so we'll make sure
that we read the ads before I actually
gouge my eyes out of my head so zip
recruiter is the place that you want to
go if you need to recruit better help if
you need better people working at your
office that's why we're constantly using
zip recruiter to upgrade our staff it's
a wonder that our original staff any of
them are still here considering the
quality of candidates that we get from
zip recruiter they post your job total
100 of the web's leading job boards with
just one click and then zip recruiter
actively looks for the most qualified
candidates and invites them to apply
they even review every application to
identify those top candidates so you
never miss a terrific match and that's
why as hip recruiter is different they
do not depend on the right candidates
finding you it finds them for you no
wonder 80 percent of employers who post
on zip recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day zip
recruit is the small smartest wait to
hire it works for businesses of all
sizes in all industries right now my
listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter
for free right just for free go to zip
broker comm slash daily wire that zip
recruiter comm slash daily when you do
you can post jobs for free again zip
recruiter comm slash daily where we use
it here at the daily wire offices it has
brought us at least a couple of
employees that I know about and and we
continue to post a zip recruiter
whenever we have an opening so check it
out at zip recruiter comm slash daily
wire ok so we begin with this just
breaking story that stormy Daniels is
now going to drop a long story about how
she had sex with Trump in 2006 and we're
all supposed to act surprised over all
of this the answer is no none of us are
surprised over any of this president
Trump's character has long been known
his latest wife Melania the First Lady
of the United States is his third wife
he was having an affair with her one
who's married
second wife he was having affair with
his second wife when he was married to
his first wife
so no none of this is particularly
surprising also he obviously has a thing
for models Melania was working for a
modeling agency that I believe he ran at
the Tyler that he owned at the time that
they were married and posing in shall we
say provocative ways and and then he
said that he married her specifically
because he wanted to make other men feel
jealous when he walked into the room so
it's not particularly surprising the
Trump apparently had an affair while
Melania was pregnant with Barron in 2006
so in touch magazine has now run
excerpts from an interview with adult
film star stormy Daniels for actual name
is Stephanie Clifford wherein she
detailed having this affair so
apparently she he approached her in in a
golf tournament in Lake Tahoe in July
2016
in 2006 rather just four months after
youngest son Barron was born he and he
asked for her number and invited her to
dinner when she arrived he was wearing
sweat pants and they ended up eating in
his hotel room which is just a classy
move I mean when I'm that that was my
typical seduction move but I when I
first met my wife I showed up in
sweatpants looking with the homeless
person and then I said you want to go
upstairs it works great she excused
herself to the bathroom when she emerged
Daniels told in touch the Trump was
sitting on the bed and invited her to
join him she thought oh here we go and
then she went through it in anyway
because apparently this is what people
do I'm completely bewildered by the sex
habits of rich and famous people I know
that now I'm somewhat rich and also
somewhat famous but I'm still bewildered
by this hi this has not changed my view
of sex is supposed to work apparently
according to The Daily Beast the full
unedited interview that will run later
this week is five thousand five hundred
words of cray so we can all look forward
to that apparently she is going to drop
full-on explicit descriptions of the
president's junk so this will make the
second president in the last four about
whose junk we know far too much so
that's going to be very exciting I'm so
glad that the media are on top of this
thing meanwhile Senator Jeff Flake is
right now taking to the floor of the
Senate to rip president Trump over his
treatment of the press I'm very
disappointed because today if you recall
was supposed to be the day when we were
gonna get the fake news Awards it was
supposed to be last week then it was
delayed till today and now it has been
downgraded to a potential idea so it
turns out the fakest news was that there
was a fake news awards that is not
actually taking place but Jeff Flake
took to the floor of the Senate flank
of course is leaving the Senate he was
probably not gonna win reelection
probably gonna lose his primary in
Arizona anyway so he is leaving but not
before he throws a few brick bats at his
fellow Republicans and at president
Trump over his treatment of the press
some of this is earned a lot of it is
Jeff Flake posturing
here is what flake had to say no longer
can we turn a blind eye or a deaf ear to
those assaults on our institutions and
mr. president an American president who
cannot take criticism who must
constantly deflect and distort and
distract who must find someone else to
blame is charting a very dangerous path
in a Congress that fails to act as a
check on the president adds to that
danger yeah the idea that Congress has
not checked the president wondering how
they're supposed to check him when he
says dumb stuff like fake news about
things that are not fake news now we'll
get a little bit later to actual fake
news you know the how the media have
covered for example president Trump's
health the suggestion that he is
demented or that he is in the early
stages of Alzheimer's that he's totally
crazy or that he's about to die of a
heart attack
all of this nonsense and that was proved
on since yesterday by a doctor for the
White House was evaluated presidents
going all the way back to Obama and and
who basically gave Trump a clean bill of
health and media refused to accept that
but the idea that Congress is is sort of
sitting around doing nothing when Trump
says bad things I'm wondering where is
this purported silence I'm hearing so
much about
I keep hearing their silence when Trump
says stupid stuff about the media well
I'm not silent I know a lot of
Republicans who aren't silent Democrats
certainly aren't silent the media
certainly aren't silent that Jim Acosta
certainly is in silent even when Trump
just throws - even when Trump does
something that's not terribly wrong -
Jim Acosta Jim Acosta is on CNN
whining about it the White House
correspondent for CNN
for example this happened yesterday with
regard to the media here is Trump was
being asked questions by a cost Acosta
just won't shut up and finally Trump
says get out Jim Acosta mr. president
just say that you want more people to
come in from Norway did you say that you
wanted more people to come in from
Norway is that true mr. president I want
him to come in from everywhere
everywhere thank you very much everybody
just Caucasian or white countries sir do
you want people to come in from other
parts of the world where they're people
of color
and not sure if you can hear the end of
that there wolf but as I tried to ask
whether he wanted more people to come in
just from white or Caucasian countries
he said out he pointed at me and said
out as and get out of the Oval Office
okay and then he says out he says out to
a Cossack has a costume won't show up
and then Acosta goes online and whines
about it on Twitter oh he said out to me
yes I'm sure Jim it was just like the
journalists who are being jailed in
China this idea that the media are being
somehow stonewalled by the Trump
administration it's the leakiest
Administration in American history and
from loves the press I mean he's talking
to the press on a non-stop basis Jim
Acosta playing the victim is just a
little bit silly you know I think that
the president should not say what he
says about the press I've said that many
times I've said it throughout the
campaign I've said that the attacks on
the fake news media are ridiculous
attacked the fake news when it's
actually fake news don't attack it when
it's not fake news but the idea that
Trump is doing something you know that
is under there that is undeniably
destroying the image of the press among
the American people pretty sure the
press did that themselves and they
continued to do it themselves on a
fairly regular basis and just to finish
with flake here's what flake had to say
about politicians attacking the press
and so we know well that no matter how
powerful no president will ever have
dominion over objective reality no
politician will ever get us there tell
us what the truth is and what it is not
and anyone who presumes to try to attack
or manipulate the press for his own
purposes should be made to realize his
mistake and to be held to account that
is our job here that is just as Madison
Hamilton and Jay would have it isn't I'm
fine with criticisms of President Trump
that are earned again I think that flake
making a big deal out of from suit acts
on the press why don't we wait for like
an actual Trump attack on the press that
is worthwhile this is a pre-planned
speech that he was announcing five days
in advance how he was gonna go after
Trump from the Senate floor this for
like sort of wants to run for president
it was bad timing for him because this
is the same press that is busily going
after Trump's health so as I mentioned
White House doctor yesterday said there
are no concerns about Trump's cognitive
abilities here he had to stay at the
White House is that I watched some of
his press conference live went on for
like an hour
him just talking about the president's
help dr. Ronnie Jackson the presidential
position and the press just cannot
believe that Ronnie Jackson is giving
frump a clean bill of health and not
declaring him a nut so I had no
intentions whatsoever doing that like I
said because I didn't feel it was
clinically indicated and part of the
reason I didn't think it was clinically
indicated is because I've spent almost
every day in the president in the
president's president since January 20
2004 you know last year when he when he
got into office and I've seen him every
day I seen one two sometimes three times
a day because of the location of my
office we have conversations about many
things most of not most don't revolve
around medical issues at all but I've
got to know him pretty well and I had
absolutely no concerns about his
cognitive ability or his you know his
neurological function so I was not gonna
do a cognitive exam I had no intention
of doing one the reason that we did the
cognitive assessment is plain and simple
because the president asked me okay so
so Trump took the cognitive assessment
he scored 30 out of 30 on that and the
Pres couldn't believe it and in just a
second I'm gonna tell you what the press
did about it this morning because it's
it's just a mantra of the fact that this
is not a one-sided battle it's not just
from taking on the press it so obviously
the press also taking on Trump in some
pretty ridiculous ways first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
tracker so you need to find your keys
you need to find your wallet right this
is just an exercise that I used to go
through every single day I'm on my way
out of the house where's my wallet
where's my keys my kids stole them and
hid them somewhere how do I find them
well the best way that you can find them
now is with the tracker pixel because
you'll never have to worry about losing
your things again it's the lightest
Bluetooth tracking device on the market
you put the tracker pixel on whatever
you tend to lose your keys your wallet
your purse and then you install the app
on your phone and you can use your phone
to find your keys your wallet your purse
or if you lose your phone then you can
use your keys while in a purse you hit
the the tracker pixel and actually rings
through on your phone so this is a
common complaint around in Shapiro
household or was the idea that you lose
your phone it's on silent you're trying
to ring it and you don't know where it
is well when you have the tractor pixel
it just over rules that it makes a sound
from your phone even if your phone is on
silence and that ensures that you can
find your phone even though you put it
on silent and then forgot to take it off
silent later when you misplace an item
that has a tracker pixel attached again
a 90 decibel alert helps you find it in
seconds and you can even locate your
item if it's miles away because every
a current user is part of the largest
crowd locate network in the world so
it's kind of like Waze except for
finding things they also have a 30-day
money-back guarantee which means you
really don't have anything to lose so
check it out save 20% off your order
when you go to the track are calm it's
the track are calm / been again the
track are calm / Bend for 20% off the
track are calm / been I said before it
has been a saving grace in my marriage
it has definitely helped relations in
the Shapiro household because there's
nothing worse than you're late for a
dinner reservation and now you have
spent 15 minutes looking for your car
keys or my wife's phone which is what
she usually loses it has definitely
alleviated a lot of the stresses in the
Shapiro house thank God those are the
definite sense of the stresses in our
house but it's it's stressful
nonetheless which is why the track are
so great the track are calm / Ben for
20% off and it lets them know that we
sent you okay so I was talking about
Jeff Flake suggesting the Trump's
attacks on the media are bad yes they
are bad I don't like them and he said
that they he said that they inspired
dictators around the world inspire is
too strong a word the idea that that the
mullahs are sitting around in Iran going
ah now Trump attacked the press wish I
had thought of that oh now I must not
talk press like I don't know what that
accent was but I certainly don't know
where that logic would come from so the
idea that they are there sitting around
you know Kim Jong loon is sitting around
thinking to himself yes Trump attacked
the press now I'll be mean to the press
just stupid the idea that it emboldened
people because Trump isn't going to
stand up for press freedoms in other
parts of the world there's probably some
elements of truth to that but when Trump
attacks the news it makes it easy for
him to attack the news when the media
decide to be idiot so as I mentioned
yesterday dr. Ronnie Jackson is the
presidential physician and it came out
and cleared Trump on health he also
cleared him on heart health he said that
Trump has excellent genes that the best
genes the greatest genes here's doctor
Randy Jackson talking about Trump's
amazing James it's called genetics I
don't know it's some people have you
know just great genes you know I told
the president that if you had a
healthier diet over the last 20 years he
might live to be 200 years old I don't
know I mean he he has incredible he has
incredible genes okay so obviously the
president wants the doctor out there
saying that which is fine there's all
these conspiracy theories going around
now about Trump's height and weight
people are calling them girth hers and
center birthers because the the health
report suggested that President Trump
ways to
thirty nine pounds into six three and
four years he'd been saying that he was
six two so apparently he gains an inch
and that inch sort of prevented him from
being labeled as obese as opposed to
overweight as though it makes any sort
of difference but here's the point his
dad I think Fred Trump lived to
something like 93 I believe let me let
me see he he yeah he lives home 94 Fred
93 I was right the first time Fred Trump
lived til 93 Trump is only 71 now so
just based on life expectancy and
families who'd be likely that Trump does
fine right that Trump lives fine so the
the doctor comes out and he says the
Trump does not suffer from a heart
disease well today Sanjay Gupta over at
CNN came out and say well hold on a
second he does suffer from heart disease
Trump does have heart disease now Sanjay
Gupta has not actually examined a Trump
he doesn't really know much about from
self other than what Ronnie Jackson said
but the media have jumped on this and
now they're suggesting well maybe maybe
people weren't forthright about all this
maybe it turns out that maybe it turns
out that that Trump business is healthy
is we were led to believe oh this is
wishful thinking because media actually
hope that he dies I mean let's be blows
to be frank about that so a lot of
members of the media who hope that term
stops drops dead tomorrow
of a heart attack here's what Jackson
actually said about Trump's heart
disease he said he said he does not have
heart disease he and the question was he
had a CT scan before the chod calcium in
his coronary blood vessels and Jackson
said he does he did he had technically a
non non clinical arthrosclerosis
coronary arthrosclerosis and so that's
been mentioned in previously previous
physical exams he's had done had a
coronary calcium score done in 2009 it
was 34 he had a coronary calcium score
done in 2013 it was 98 and then we did
get a calcium score from this one I
didn't mention it because I think it was
clinically good information it was 133
so I had a conversation with the
cardiologist not only at Walter Reed but
at Cleveland Clinic and several other
well-known institutions everyone saw
that is reassuring he's gone this period
of time and he's had that little of a
change in his coronary calcium load so
Sanjay Gupta says well he's suffering
from coronary heart disease right so
technically he is right so technically
