the Mueller investigation into Trump
Russia collusion is taking serious fire
the Democrats are on the ropes after
their failed government shutdown and the
NFL makes a giant boo-boo leading up to
the Super Bowl I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
we have tons to get to today and
tomorrow I will be speaking at
University of Connecticut where of
course naturally the administration has
decided that I am a threat to public
safety and they've decided that the
general public will not be allowed to
attend it will be students only at
University of Connecticut this is the
second school in a row they've done this
over Berkeley they did this and now
they're doing at University of
Connecticut as well even though we
likely would have had thousands of
people who wanted to show up it's
getting very irritating for me we'll
discuss that a little bit later the uu
count by the way is actually
acknowledging that I am not the one who
promotes the violence they are saying
that they don't see me offending the
audience they don't see me coming there
to tick off the audience so at least
they're acknowledging that but doesn't
really change any of that we'll get to
all of that we will also get to these
bombshell text messages inside the FBI
regarding the Mueller investigation what
comes next on the government shutdown
and daca but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at my Patriot
supply so just a couple of weeks ago you
remember there was a false alarm in
Hawaii when everyone in the state of
Hawaii thought that they were going to
be nuked into the ground by North Korea
and if that got you thinking hey what
would happen if god forbid they were
actually disaster to that magnitude
first of all it's important to note just
because I'm not gonna get graphic every
just because the nuclear weapon would
fall on your city does not necessarily
mean that you will die right the fact is
that nuclear weapons actually do not
look like Terminator 2 they don't wipe
out entire cities instead nuclear
weapons affect a certain area if you're
living outside that area however you are
going to still be living without food
without water unless you go to my
Patriots supply this is not just true
obviously in the unlikely event of a
nuclear catastrophe it's also true for
natural disasters which have been
happening relatively frequently and you
see on the news all these people who
don't have food and they don't have
water that's why you need to go to my
Patriots apply they're the experts in
self-reliance get their 102 servings
survival food kit it lasts up to 25
years in storage for just $99 this
emergency food chips free to your house
call eight eight eight eight oh three 14
13 eight eight eight eight oh three 14
13 or go online to prepare with been
calm let's prepare with Ben's outcome to
order a kit or two the kits include
healthy flavorful food with variety of
breakfasts lunches and dinners people
the office of try them they say that
tastes like home cooking it's eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or go online to
prepare with Ben comm order a kit or two
keeps you safe for the next quarter
century so it's a one-time order these
kits include how
the flavorful food with a variety of
breakfasts lunches and dinners people
the office have tried them they say they
taste like home cooking check it out 888
803 1413 prepare with been calm ok so we
so we begin with today's we begin with
today's big news and that is these
bombshell text messages that are now
coming out from the FBI so the FBI has
turned over a bunch of text messages to
the Senate Judiciary Committee and the
and the House Judiciary Committee and
these text messages are not looking good
for the FBI so first off Bob Goodlatte
who is Republican from Virginia and
Devon Nunez Republican from California
as well as trey gowdy Republican of
South Carolina issued a statement on
text messages they received regarding
top FBI officials they requested all of
the backlog to text messages and here's
what they say quote this weekend we met
to discuss the text messages and
possible next steps in our oversight of
these agencies the contents of these
text messages between top FBI officials
are extremely troubling in terms of when
key decisions were made by the
Department of Justice and the FBI by
whom these decisions were made and the
evident bias exhibited by those in
charge of the investigation the omission
of text messages between December 2016
and May 2017 a critical gap encompassing
the FBI's Russia investigation is
equally concerning rather than clearing
up prior FBI and DOJ actions these
recently produced documents cause us to
further question the credibility and
objectivity of certain officials at the
FBI so as we mentioned yesterday on the
show there are a couple of big stories
that have come out of the FBI
the first is that there are these text
messages that were sent between members
of the FBI regarding the way the Mueller
investigation was run the second is that
hundreds of text messages apparently
have gone missing among thousands of
text messages that have gone missing
hundreds between Louisa page who was
working on Mueller investigation and her
paramour Peter is struck who's also
working on Mueller investigation was a
top counterintelligence guy yesterday on
Facebook live you should check it out in
our Facebook page we had the opportunity
to talk with representative Jim Jordan
Republican from Ohio who's overseeing a
lot of the stuff he's on the Oversight
Committee and and representative Jordan
was talking about the fact that they
need a second independent Council to
investigate the first independent
council because this investigation is is
compromised already I did ask him a
couple of the questions I've asked on
the show why doesn't the President of
the United States simply declassify the
FISA warrant that was taken out against
her page so we can find out whether any
the FBI was using bad Intel to target
President Obama's and Hillary Clinton's
political enemies he suggested that
perhaps Trump didn't want to politicize
the issue I find that unconvincing
nonetheless the fact is that there is an
in the the release the memo crew they
remember there was a memo last week that
we were talking about that supposedly
lays out all of the flaws in FISA
supposedly lays out all the problems
with the FBI this memo will be released
to the public in the next one to two
weeks we are now hearing so we'll have
more information at that point meanwhile
according to attorney general Jeff
Sessions this is reported over at
Gateway pundit which is sometimes
inaccurate but here it is apparently
accurate they have 50,000 text messages
that were exchanged between Peter struck
and his mistress Lisa page I don't think
that statistic is correct I think 50,000
text messages were missing some of those
were from a struck to page but foxy well
here's what Fox News says so let me get
this right I don't want to say something
is not true that's not true it says more
than 50 thousand texts were exchanged
between two FBI officials who have come
under fire for exchanging anti-trump
text messages during the 2016 election
attorney general jeff sessions revealed
monday the figure surfaced as lawmakers
have been pressing for answers about
after revelations that the FBI failed to
preserve five months of text between
Peter struck and Lisa page Jeff session
said we'll leave no stone unturned to
confirm with certainty why these text
messages are not now are not now
available to be produced and we will use
every technology available to determine
whether the missing messages are
recoverable from another source I have
to say the number of documents that have
gone missing whether it's Hillary
Clinton's email servers or whether it is
the FBI is suddenly losing tens of
thousands of texts pretty shocking stuff
the FBI servers included over 50,000
texts and apparently the FBI system
failed to retain text messages for
approximately five months between
December 14 2017 and May 17 2007 teen as
I suggested these dates are particularly
suspicious because May 17th 2017 is when
is literally the date that Robert
Mueller took over the investigation and
then apparently there's more so John
Ratcliffe who is a Republican from Texas
he said after reviewing the text
messages that he thinks there was a
quote unquote secret society of folks
within the DOJ and FBI working against a
Trump here's what the Federalist reports
quote trey Gowdy said the explanation
for the missing text may be fishier than
the
official explanation he says he saw
struck and page discussing getting rid
of texts in a printout of the messages
he and other members of Congress
received last week well lay that lay
aside this glaring five-month gap in
text that the world's premier agency
somehow missed Gowdy said what Johnny
and I saw today was a text about not
keeping texts we saw more manifest bias
against President Trump all the way
through the election into the transition
Ratcliffe said it is a strange
coincidence it is possible that these
messages that were missing perhaps it is
a strange coincidence and then Senator
Ron Johnson of Wisconsin he went even
further he said in a radio interview on
Tuesday with Jay Weber at WISN in
Milwaukee he read aloud a May 19th 2017
tax rates this would be two days after
they suddenly magically recovered texts
in this text apparently he wrote quote
there's two lisa page his mistress you
and i both know the odds are nothing
about whether this investigation is
going to turn up something and I thought
it was likely I'd be there no question I
hesitated in part because of my gut
sense and concerned there's no big there
there he said he didn't actually want to
join the Mueller investigation because
he didn't think there was anything
actually going on Johnson said I think
that's kind of jaw-dropping he said in
other words Peter struck who was the FBI
deputy assistant director of the
counterintelligence division the man who
had a plan to do something because he
just couldn't abide Donald Trump being
president he's saying that his gut sense
that there's no big there there when it
comes to the Mueller Special Counsel
investigation now I will say that it
does seem like there's a conflict
between this text and the implication
that struck was basically ginning up a
fake investigation in order to get Trump
right suggests there was something else
going on inside the FBI but not the
Trump collusion investigation not the
Mueller investigation because if indeed
struck was texting his paramour Lisa
page and suggesting hey Lisa
there's nothing here and I don't want to
join the investigation about Trump
Russia collusion because I don't think
there's anything there then that does
pose a different point of view than the
suggestion that he was trying to craft
out of whole cloth this narrative that
Trump was colluding with Russia and then
shoved that down the throats of people
over at the FBI in other words there's a
lot of there's a lot of confusion going
on here they're certainly gonna have to
have struck texts of testify they're
gonna have to have Lisa page testify I
do find it highly suspicious that the
FBI is saying these messages just went
missing again if you are working for the
government and messages just go missing
that is that is really suspicious you're
not allowed to delete government
messages this way I did get a note
away from somebody who's an expert on
cybersecurity who said that it's very
unlikely these messages are gone forever
they said the FBI is required to conform
to NIS TSP 834 contingency planning
guide for federal information systems
which requires multiple layers of
redundancy and backup these federal
continuity and contingency guidelines
are designed to assure that systems and
data survive multiple natural disasters
and 911 types of events it is not
possible for a singular glitch to cause
the data to be lost that means that if
the data were lost then there'd have to
be some sort of organized effort is the
is the suggestion here so if that is
indeed the case then there's a lot more
than meets the eye here in any case all
of this is disturbing
all of it requires investigation I'm not
going to buy into the complete
Republican narrative that the that this
was all set up from the very beginning
and that it was based on bad Intel him
that it was created out of whole cloth
by Hillary Clinton Barack Obama in order
to get Donald Trump I don't know what
the evidence is there for that I will
say however that something smells fishy
here with the missing text and with the
text about a secret society and all of
the rest of this it's all it's all
confusing and it requires a lot of
exploitation okay so in just a second I
want to talk about the the fallout from
the government shutdown that failed for
Democrats first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at blue apron so
everybody in the office is now using
blue apron the reason is not only is it
healthier not only is it faster you
don't have to go out over to a
restaurant not only is it more expensive
but it's also more fun you get to cook
with your family in your home I mean you
can it's it's short rib burgers with a
hoppy cheddar sauce on a pretzel bun
seared steaks and thyme pan sauce is
natural potatoes you're cooking like a
gourmet and you don't even have to know
how to cook really my blue apron is the
number one fresh ingredient when recipe
delivery service in the country their
mission is to make incredible home
cooking accessible to everyone they
offer three plans the two-person meal
plan meals that serve two people and you
choose from eight new recipes per week
with the choice to receive two the two
or three recipes any week the family
meal plan these are meals that serve
four people and you can choose from four
new recipes per week with the choice to
receive either two three or four recipes
in any given week and then there's the
wine plan as well six bottles of wine
from renowned wine makers delivered
monthly blue apron is treating my my
listeners right now to $30 off your
first order if you visit blue apron comm
slash apparel blue apron comm slash
Craig at 30 bucks off your first order
and right now for eight weeks they're
teaming up with hole 30 to bring you
delicious recipe
their menu features to hold 30 approved
recipes every week like seared steaks in
warm lemon salsa verde with roasted
broccoli and sweet potato chicken and
kale orange salad with spicy tahini
dressing I mean this stuff all sounds
just a magnificent again they send the
packs to your house and if it's and if
the the ingredients are not good then
they will make it good for you right
it's blue apron calm slash capiro a
better way to cook and when you use that
slash up hero again you get $30 off your
first order
$30 off your first order it's a lot of
variety by the way the menu changes
every week based on what's in season
it's designed by their in-house keulen
era team that for 12 new recipes per
week and customers can pick two three or
four based on what best fits their
schedule they're only sending non GMO
ingredients meat with no added hormones
so I mean it's all great stuff again
blue aprons calm Shapiro's use that
slash apparel and get $30 off with free
shipping I mean I have pictures of the
meals here and they just look
spectacular so check it out blue apron
die commies that slash up heroes they
know that we sent you okay so meanwhile
well there's all this fallout
surrounding the Muller investigation
there's also fallout surrounding the
Democrats completely blowing it on the
government shutdown one of the things
that is absolutely hilarious is joy Reid
over at MSNBC said that the government
shutdown was actually not a loss for
Democrats
she is incorrect it is in fact a very
large loss for Democrats they got
nothing in return and looked like
cowards they basically they they look
like brave Sir Robin ran away they stood
there and they said that they were going
to to fight to the end the end lasted
approximately 69 hours and then out they
were they were done so Chuck Schumer
tried to pretend that he had won a big
victory yesterday when he announced the
end of the government shutdown needless
to say this was untrue the Republican
leader and I have come to an arrangement
we will vote today to reopen the
government to continue notion
negotiating a global agreement with the
commitment that if an agreement isn't
reached by February the 8th the Senate
will immediately proceed to
consideration of legislation dealing
with daca ok we'll only one problem the
White House has immediately announced
that they are not going to push for any
of the any of the proposals that the
Democrats would want here so for example
White House spokesperson holds a Hogan
Gidley he said that Graham's urban which
is the bill that Schumer wants this is
the bill that will give
two billion dollars for the border wall
but nothing else in exchange for keeping
800,000 dreamers and their parents here
the White House spokesperson said that's
not on the table so while Chuck Schumer
is saying we want a big victory here the
answer is no they really did in this
clip six senator Graham and Senator
Durbin were completely dishonest when
they brought the plan to the president
it did not do anything to address chain
migration in fact it blew it up and made
it bigger
it gave basically amnesty those two have
been in lockstep on immigration for
decades they want open borders they want
amnesty that's what Lindsey Graham is
about I'm from South Carolina I've known
the man for a long time and it's fine he
can take that position but to pretend
he's anything other than someone who
wants open borders in amnesty it's just
disingenuous so the White House is
taking a very strong stance at least
publicly on immigration which means the
Democrats gained nothing they didn't
even gain any sort of and anything here
in the bargain right debbie Wasserman
Schultz was asked about this the former
head of the DNC she was asked by Brianna
Keller on on CNN what exactly did you
gain through all of this and and debbie
Wasserman Schultz head I mean nothing
there's literally nothing what one thing
did he get you know from Republicans to
justify shutting down the government in
the first place so so the one thing I
would say that he did get is the
potential for momentum because if and
I'm certainly hopeful that then maybe a
one-story position I'm still hung up
that when I know Americans are listening
and they heard you say it's
reverberating potential for momentum and
they're thinking for momentum was that
really worth shutting the government
down for what tential for something I
will tell you that Republicans should be
asking themselves that question because
they shut the government down okay again
of both ways either you shut the
government down relation at the
