the media suggests the President Trump
is cruelly tearing children of the arms
of their illegal immigrant parents
Harvard goes racist and some leftist
columnist celebrate Father's Day by
saying fathers are unnecessary I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right if you have tons to get to
today I mean like there is a lot
happening and we are going to get to all
of it in just one second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at
filter by so I'm just gonna put this out
there I suspect that you are not sitting
around thinking about your error filters
because I mean let's face it that's not
the most interesting topic but the
reality is that you're hacking up a lung
are you feeling unhealthy at home maybe
one of the reasons is because you
haven't replaced your air filters in
forever I know that we hadn't replaced
our air filters in forever until we went
to filter by and filter by made sure
that we did and the air is just that
much better according to the Department
of Energy the most expensive utility for
most Americans is their electricity bill
makes up roughly 9% of their annual
housing expenditure this number is
aggravated depending on where you live
take California we actually get
clobbered on energy bills well adding
insult to injury the salary season has
been one of the worst further straining
your system so you can help lower all of
these bills and make the air better by
going to filter by America's leading
provider of HVAC filters for homes and
small businesses they carry over 600
sizes if you're one of those difficult
people they can even make custom filters
just for you plus they ship free within
24 hours and if that isn't enough all of
this is manufactured right here in the
United States so you have no excuse and
set up auto delivery so you don't have
to worry about checking those air
filters on a regular basis instead they
just arrive when they're supposed to
arrive plus you save 5% save money save
time breathe better with filter buy.com
I know I do this filter bu why.com
filter by com tell them been sent you
and we use it here daily way off since I
use it at my house as well
filter by comm filter Bui com+ just
wanted to make clear to you that our
next episode of the conversation is
coming up tomorrow Tuesday June 19 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific in which
all of your questions will be answered
by me bench appear with our host Alicia
Krause our live Q&A is available on
YouTube and Facebook for everybody to
watch only subscribers get to ask
questions over at daily wire.com check
out our pin comments on this video for
more information so go check that out
right now alrighty so the big news of
the day is that apparently Donald Trump
hates children now if you're on the left
this comes as no surprise because you
always thought that Donald Trump hated
children right I mean that's not a giant
shock but the reality is that Donald
Trump supposedly is a guy who wants to
remove children from the arms of their
parents as those parents cross the
border illegally so you're coming across
the border to make a new life for
yourself and you brought your child and
you're picked up by ice and they cruelly
take
those children and they rip them away
from you they take the children they
just they rip them away from you
okay there is only one problem with all
of this okay there's only one problem
with all of this this is just not the
case okay the reason I say this is just
not the case I'm gonna go through the
actual applicable law here so you know
what it is that is going on okay the
reality is that the law requires that if
you cross the border illegally and we
arrest you for it that your children
cannot stay in custody with you hey
that's just the way it is okay the way
that it is according to the law okay and
that is a that is a 2008 ruling from the
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals according
to the law you are not allowed to take
the children and leave them with their
parents in custody is the Ninth Circuit
Court ruled that non detention of minors
applies to accompany two legal
immigrants the reason this happened is
there was an agreement it's called the
Flores agreement back from the 1990s in
which the federal government was sued
and they came into a federal settlement
and the federal settlement said that
when unaccompanied illegal children come
across the border they have to be
released remanded into the custody of
some sort of parental figure or guardian
in the United States and then the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals in 2016 ruled
that those children actually had to be
released whether or not they came with a
parent so you come across with mommy and
daddy we still cannot keep you in
custody for a long period of time we
still have to release you ASAP now the
problem with this is this has created a
spate of headlines that Donald Trump
because he is more strictly enforcing
border laws that because he is doing
that this means that you aren't that he
is somehow separating the children from
their parents again it is by operation
of law that the kids are removed from
their parents it is not Donald Trump
decided I want to remove children from
their parents and therefore I'm cruel
and nasty and that's what I want to do
that's not how any of this works rich
Lowry has a good column making all of
this clear
he points out in his column a National
Review today the Trump administration is
not changing the rules that pertain to
separating an adult from a child those
remain the same separation happens only
if officials find that the adult is
falsely claiming to be the child's
parent or as a threat to the child or is
put into criminal proceedings and it's
the last that is operative here the past
practice had been to give a free pass to
an adult who's part of a family unit the
new Trump policy is to prosecute all
adults the idea is to send a signal that
we are serious about our laws and to
create a deterrent against reentry
illegal entry is a misdemeanor
illegal reentry however is a felony when
a migrant is prosecuted for illegal
entry rights
rich Lowry here she has taken into
custody by the u.s. marshals
in no circumstance anywhere in the
United States do the marshals care for
the children of people they take into
custody the child is taken into the
custody of HHS that's Health and Human
Services who cares for them at temporary
shelters the criminal proceedings are
exceptionally short assuming there is no
aggravating factor such as a prior
illegal entity or another crime the
migrants generally plead guilty and they
are then sentenced to time served
typically on the same day although
practices vary along the border after
this their returns the custody of ice
for deportation if the adult then wants
to go home in keeping with the expedited
order of removal that is issued as a
matter of course it's relatively simple
the adult has reunited quickly with his
or her child and the family returned
home his unit in this scenario there's
only a brief separation when it does
become more of an issue is when parents
start claiming asylum if you claim
asylum adults are going to be detained
longer and the law is that you are not
allowed to hold children for longer than
20 days in custody and that's the Flores
consent decree now ruling by the Ninth
Circuit extended the 20-day limit to
children who come as part of family
Union so even if you would like to hold
the family unit together even if you
want the kid to stay with mommy and
daddy you cannot by operation of law you
are forbidden from doing so because the
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wanted to
make it less appealing for the
government to keep families in custody
they wanted all of these families
released into the general population in
the United States rich Lowry writes the
clock ticking on the time the government
can hold the child will almost always
run out before an asylum claim is
settled the migrants is allowed ten days
to seek an attorney there may be
continuances or other complications this
creates the choice of either releasing
the adults and the children together
into the country pending the
adjudication of the asylum claim or
holding the children holding the adults
and releasing the children if the adult
has held HHS places that came with a
responsible party in the in the US
ideally a relative even if Flores didn't
exist the government would be very
constrained and how many family units it
can accommodate ice only has about 3,000
family spaces and shelters it is also
limited in its overall space at the
border which is overwhelmed by the
ongoing influx so family units can go
home quickly all they have to do is not
plead asylum and they can all go home
together also there's a better way to
claim asylum so the separation of
parents from children only happens if
you are arrested if you walk up to a
border station in the United States you
don't go between border stations you
just walk up to for example the
us-mexico border you know down near San
Diego if you just walk up to that border
and you say I need to claim asylum you
will not be
arrested you are only arrested if you
try to cross between the borders because
then the idea is probably you're lying
to get into the country otherwise you
should just walk up to Border Patrol not
along the border but in specific border
stations which everybody knows where
they are and then you claim asylum and
then you're not arrested at all then you
get to stay with your kids right every
indication is that the migrant flow to
the United States is discretionary it
nearly dried up at the beginning of the
Trump administration when migrants
believed they had no chance of getting
into the United States now it's going in
earnest again because the message got
out that despite the rhetoric the policy
at the border hasn't actually changed
even if a migrant does have credible
fear of persecution rights Lowry there
is a legitimate way to pursue that claim
it is not involved entering the United
States illegally first such people
should make their asylum claim in the
first country where they feel safe I for
example Mexico second if for some reason
they are threatened everywhere but the
United States they should show up at a
port of entry that's what it's called
the technical term a port of entry and
they make their claim there rather than
crossing the border illegally there's
significant moral cost to not enforcing
the border as well as rich Lowry points
out if you just start releasing people
in general into the middle of the
country lots more people are going to
start crossing into the country
illegally and it is well worth pointing
out that under the Obama administration
and under the Bush administration really
immigration surges were rooted in
government policy so July 7th 2014 this
is from the New York Times it was one of
the final pieces of legislation signed
into law by President George W Bush a
measure that passed without controversy
along with a pension bill and another
one calling for national parks to be
commemorated on quarters this is a piece
of legislation we're very proud to sign
a White House spokesman Tony Fratto told
reporters December 28th 2008 this
program has been very effective around
the world in trying to stop trafficking
in persons now the legislation this is
the New York Times right not Breitbart
not in a right-wing publication now the
legislation enacted quietly during the
transition to the Obama administration
is at the root of the potentially
calamitous flow of unaccompanied minors
to the nation's southern border
originally pushed by a bipartisan
coalition of lawmakers as well as by
evangelical groups to combat sex
trafficking the bill gave substantial
new protections to children entering the
country alone who are not from Mexico or
Canada by prohibiting them from being
quickly sent back to their country of
origin instead they have an opportunity
to appear in an immigration hearing and
consult with an advocate this of course
with Langston it puts strains on the
system lengthens the amount of time that
these kids are in the system in the
first place
so they're a bunch of lies that are
being told right now and we'll go
through a lot of the lies that are being
told by the media in just a second but
some of the lies being told her that
Trump is randomly deciding to separate
kids at the border he doesn't have to do
that he does have to do that by
operation of law the only thing the
Trump administration is doing
differently is they are treating
everyone who is crossing the border
illegally as an illegal immigrant for
prosecution for purposes of prosecution
and then because you're doing that the
kids can't stay in custody with the
parents longer than 20 days and that is
operation of law once again now the
media are going nuts over all of this
and they are they're making a huge fuss
out of all of this and they're showing
up at the border and they are showing up
at these at these particular at these
particular border stations where the
kids are being held the kids are being
held separately in what are cages
essentially now when they say cages it
makes it sound like the you know it's
like a chicken coop like it's tiny it
isn't but of course technically their
cage is because it's chain-link fence
separating people so though the
administration is tried to fight back
against the cages the cages descriptor
saying the kids are being treated pretty
well the kids are being treated by some
accounts well by some accounts not as
well apparently one of the regulations
on the books is that federal employees
are not allowed to touch the kids for a
fear of lawsuit so that means that some
of the illegal immigrant children are
changing the diapers and let other
illegal immigrant children they don't
even know the conditions are not good
all of this is underfunded Congress
could solve all of this by the way and
Congress could solve all of this today
all they have to do is pass a law that
says that if you come into the country
illegally with your parents your parents
and you get to stay together where you
get to stay in custody together right
that would be the way that you fix this
law and then it's the parents option
whether they want the kids released to
the custody of the HHS or released to
the custody of a family member already
in the United States but they get to
stay with the parents otherwise right
Congress can do that tomorrow and
Congress should do that today or
tomorrow
apparently I'm hearing from the
speaker's office from speaker Ryan's
office that's exactly what speaker Ryan
is going to pursue plus funding for
expanded facilities to ensure that
parents can stay together with their
kids when they come across the border so
all of this is in the process of getting
solved I do find it somewhat suspicious
that the media have decided to jump both
feet on the bandwagon as though this is
some sort of great Human Rights
catastrophe brought on by the Trump
administration when of course all of
this started under the Obama
administration or at least it was
happening under the Obama administration
Brandon Darby from Breitbart
he had a bunch of photos I remember when
I was working at Breitbart so he put out
all these photos right these are all
photos of a bunch of people including
children who are at these detention
facilities doesn't look that great right
man this is from 2014 you can see all
the photos is from 2014 and it's
children who are separated from males
who are separated from females these
facilities are overcrowded right all
this was happening in 2015 there's
nothing new happening here but the
implication is there's something new
happening here because it's Trump and
that of course is not true right that's
just not true we're gonna get to the
media coverage of this in just a second
talk about the administration's response
and really what the administration did
do wrong in just a second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
wink so all of this makes you want to
drink doesn't it I mean politics it's
not the kind of thing that makes you
want to be sober but the reality is that
if you just want to kick back at night
and have yourself a nicer evening well
that's what wink is for well we've all
taken time to wring ourselves out from
holiday parties halfway through the year
and you deserve wink wink makes it easy
to discover great wine winks wines
expert select wines match to your taste
personalized for you shipped right to
your door starting at just $13 a bottle
there's nothing like coming home to a
box of delicious wink wine selected just
for you so here's the way it works you
go to the wink palate profile quiz and
you answer a bunch of simple questions
that nobody would ever ask CT to ask you
really like how do you like your coffee
or do you like blueberries and then wing
sentence wines curated directly to your
tastes the more wines you write the more
personalized your monthly selections so
it's like Netflix except for wine each
month there are new delicious wines
they're insanely popular some of water
Rose day is making the rounds right now
no membership fees you can skip any
month you can cancel anytime
shipping is covered if you don't like a
bottle they send you they replace it
with a bottle you will love no questions
asked discover great wine today go to
try wink comm slash pen that's t ry winc
comm / Ben for $20 off it's try wink
comm / Ben and get 20 bucks off your
first shipment again try blink comm /
Ben it's fantastic it makes a great gift
if you're late for Father's Day get your
dad a subscription to this it's really
fantastic
try wink command / Ben people around the
office have tried wink wine and those
are days when we don't get a lot of work
done so try wink calm / Ben and you get
to try it for 20 bucks off your first
shipments try wink calm / man all right
so the the Trump administration with all
this set that the Trump administration
is basically following the law and if
you don't like the law change the law
administration to do a couple of things
wrong here so the first thing they did
wrong is they sent out Stephen Miller
and John Kelly to say incredibly dumb
things so Stephen Miller who's sort of
the president's immigration guru I know
Stephens I know Stephen I think Stephens
a nice guy but Stephen made the big
boo-boo I'm going out in public and
saying that we want to use the
separation of children from parents as a
deterrent to prevent people from
crossing the border he should not be
using the suffering of children as a
deterrent to keep parents from crossing
the border that's not the way to do this
to turn to crossing the border is that
you get sent back it should not be then
you take kids away from their parents
this causes psychological harm and
psychological damage it shouldn't be a
situation as we've heard from some of
these reports where the parents aren't
even told that they're being separated
from the kids the kids are sort of taken
