the only thing I can control is me
instead of worrying about who else is
causing you problems worry about what
you can do to yourself to improve your
station and if you go down that path
you're gonna find you have a lot more
control than you think you do so here we
are on the Sunday special with Jocko
willing who's the host of The Jackal
podcast and the author of this fine book
the dichotomy of leadership which is
soon to be on the New York Times
bestseller list I'm sure we'll get to
everything involving leadership and the
military and all that kind of good stuff
but first let's talk about your job
recruitment so there are job sites that
send you tons of the wrong resumes to
sort through and that is not smart but
you know what is smart going to zip
recruiters comm slash bet and guess to
hire the right person
zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them for
you if powerful matching technology
scanning thousands of resumes
identifying people with the right skills
education and experience for your job
and actively inviting them to apply to
get qualified candidates fast and that's
why zip recruiter is rated number one by
employers in the United States that
rating comes from hiring sites on trust
pilot with over a thousand reviews right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free at this exclusive web address
zip recruiter comm slash been guest
because I have a guest that zip
recruiter comm slash been guests zip
recruiter comm slash been guest and
obviously when we have to hire here when
we have to get rid of some of our
producers for just falling asleep on the
job and being terrible at their jobs
they all know they're on notice dip
recruiters comm slash been guest is the
way that we actually replace them so
sorry sorry for the notice guys but
that's how it works appropriate are the
smartest way to hire zip recruiters comm
slash been guests but Jacquelyn thanks
so much for stopping by I really
appreciate it thanks from your own so
for folks who don't know what you do you
are a leadership guru your leadership
guru in the area of business and in the
area of just general leadership and all
that started with your military
background so can you kind of get me the
story from it how you went from a kid to
a guy who's speaking for large sums of
money before leadership groups well
first of all guru is a strong word so
let's put that one in check right out of
the gate yeah I was raised in a small
New England town grew up on a dirt road
both my parents were school teachers and
I was a pretty rebellious young kid and
one of the rebellious
things that caught my eye pretty early
on was joining the military because
where I was from not too many people
join the military and then when you're
gonna go and join the military because
you want to rebel you might as well just
go and do something even more extreme
than just joining the military and I
figured out what the SEAL Teams were
when I was a young kid and I like I said
I was wanting to be some kind of
commando and so when I got out of high
school I enlisted in the Navy I ended up
at SEAL team 1 went through went through
the SEAL team training and then and then
ended up a SEAL team one and that was
before the first Gulf War I actually I
actually missed the first Gulf War
because I was going through the SEAL
training and got to a SEAL team and once
I was there I did what seals do which is
train all the time eventually he got
picked up for a Leadership Program
became a seal officer and then did
deployments until September 11th one
September 11th came then I started doing
the wartime deployments I deployed twice
to Iraq once as a seal platoon commander
one says what's called a seal task unit
commander which means there's two seal
platoons working together and I was in
charge of both of them and when I got
done with that deployment that was a
very arduous deployment we were in the
Battle of Ramadi in 2006 it was very
hard fighting the Marines and soldiers
that we worked alongside too heavy
losses but did an incredible job
we took casualties and our task unit it
was very hard fighting and when I came
home from that deployment I got asked
basically well okay Jaco what do you
want to do now and I ended up taking
over the training for the West Coast
SEAL Teams and this is the training
where you see people on TV going through
SEAL training where you carry the boats
around or you do a bunch of push-ups
this isn't that training that's our
basic training the training that I ran
was the training where you learn to
shoot move and communicate as a seal
platoon and where we actually taught
combat leadership and so I took over
that training I ran that for the last
few years and when I was getting ready
to retire a guy that I knew was a friend
of mine he was the CEO of a company and
he said hey can you come and talk to my
executives you know about about combat
leadership and I said you know sure I'll
do it he's friend of mine so I went and
did it and I don't know what he thought
I was going to talk about
but when I got done he came up to me and
said I want you to do this for every
division that I have in my company and I
said well I'm retiring and I don't know
and he said I'll give you money and I
and I said how much and we worked it out
and ended up talking to every division
that he had in his company and at one of
those divisional meetings the CEO of the
parent company was there and when I got
done you know briefing about leadership
that CEO came up to me and said hey I
want you to talk to the CEOs of all my
companies and you know he owned 45 or 50
companies and from there I went and
talked to those CEOs and the next thing
you know I I had a I had a new job you
know and I didn't get to retire like I
had planned and as I was doing that I
needed some backup and one of the guys
that work for me in the battle Ramadi a
guy by the name of leif Bab Bab and he
was one of the platoon commanders
underneath me in those two SEAL platoons
and he was getting out of the Navy and I
talked to him and said hey man I need
some backup over here and so we joined
forces and we formed this company
echelon front and that's what we do
leadership consulting and along the way
as we would talk to these companies we'd
get done talking and they'd say oh do
you have this stuff written down
anywhere do you have any you know
pamphlets you can give us so the guys
that missed the meeting can can see what
you talked about and so eventually we
looked at each other and said okay we
need to write this stuff down in a more
formal way we did that that became a
manuscript that manuscript became a book
and that book was the first book we
released it was called extreme ownership
and it ended up I kind of thought I'd be
giving it away at the back of the of you
know I speak to people and give it away
in the back and it ended up doing really
well and getting a lot of traction and
and just it's it's been it's been well
read so how much your leadership do you
think is just natural to you because
you're talking about it what I'm hearing
is obviously a guy who has tremendous
initiative from a very young age I mean
to even be from a place where nobody
goes in the military and just join the
military takes a lot of chutzpah as as
my folks would say so what do you think
that it really is that leadership is is
borders at bread yeah I get asked this
question all the time and so it's both
it's absolutely both and you as a human
being are gonna get certain
characteristics that are gonna make you
a good leader and you're gonna lack some
characteristics that would make you a
good leader if you had
you don't get tens across the board you
know it's like the little video games
you see kids play where you get a 9 in
strength and a 7 in intellect and a and
an 8 in dexterity and you get those two
as a leader and you don't get all tense
so some leadership characteristics that
make you a good leader for instance
obviously it's good to be articulate if
you can express your message clearly to
people that's gonna that's gonna help
you from a leadership perspective if you
have some natural charisma that's gonna
help you from a leadership perspective
if you can look at complex problems and
you can simplify them that's gonna be
helpful as a leader because that's what
you're doing so if you're persuasive
there's all kinds of things that will
help you as a leader and you're not
going to be good at all and so as a
leader if you look at the ones that
you're weak at you can improve them
that's that's what's beneficial so you
can't take someone that's just a
horrible leader and make them into an
amazing leader but you can take someone
that's a decent leader you can make them
into a very good or even an exceptional
leader because how you know you can
definitely get more articulate you can
definitely get more comfortable speaking
to people you can definitely get more
more precise at taking very complex
problems and simplifying them so that
your team can understand what it is that
needs to get done so these are all
things that you can improve upon and I
always have to close this out by saying
that there are some people that cannot
become better leaders and the people
that cannot become better leaders are
the people that can put their ego in
check but they lack humility and those
people they think they're doing
everything great so they're not going to
improve his leaders you can't coach him
you can't convince them they think
they're perfect and they're gonna stay
where they are from a leadership
perspective so what did you actually
learn from the first time you went
through SEAL training because you joined
the military and you decide to go to the
hardest but what everybody widely across
America knows the hardest training
program America what is that like the
the myth about SEAL training that part
of SEAL training is that you learn
anything at all because you actually
don't it's it's I mean you okay you
learn some things but it's a screening
process what they're trying to do is get
rid of people that don't want to really
really really do that job so it's it's
suffering you're gonna be doing you're
gonna be wet you're gonna be cold you're
gonna be tired and you're gonna be that
for extended periods of time and there's
an 80% attrition
but when you make it through you've you
get to a SEAL team and when you get to a
SEAL team that's when you start to
actually learn about being a seal that's
when you learn the tactics and the
leadership perspective that's when
that's when you start to become an
actual seal getting through the basic
seal training it you know when you show
up at a SEAL team everyone looks at you
you come out of there thinking you like
you just said oh I just went through the
toughest training in the world you get
to the SEAL team I literally checked in
with a Master Chief and he said everyone
here has been through that training no
one cares it's so it's very humbling
when you show up and that's when you
start to learn you start to learn when
you get into steel platoon and when it
comes to getting into the seal platoon
how do you determine leadership
positions even among people who you're
initially equals with did you think that
sort of naturally falls out or there's a
rank structure inside the military
there's a rank structure inside the SEAL
Teams and you're gonna be where you for
you and you're a new guy you're gonna be
the junior guy and then the next platoon
you're gonna be a little bit more seen
you'll have a couple guys working for
you
the platoon chief is gonna be you know
the senior guy enlisted guy in inside of
a sealed platoon and then you'll have an
officer in charge the whole thing and
those are pre designated those are pre
designated which was very countered to
my initial thought when when I joined
the Navy my dad told me I was gonna hate
it because I said why do you think I'm
gonna hate it he does cuz you don't like
to listen to anybody you don't like
Authority
and of course I told him no dad it's
just it's a team we don't have to we
don't listen to anybody it's a team and
I was completely wrong because there is
a rank structure and you absolutely you
know there's a it's the military even
though it's a team and you definitely
have you build relationships throughout
that chain of command and that is more
prominent than in some other groups but
you still there's a chain of command and
you're gonna you're gonna follow that
chain of command and there's been a lot
of talk about the possibility of
mandatory national service as somebody
who's gone through this program and I've
seen so many guys who are military some
of whom I knew you know back when they
were in high school and we're kind of
you know I can't say the words out there
but they were kind of F ups and and then
they come out the other end and they're
you know solid citizens not only solid
citizens but really making something of
themselves what do you think of the idea
of a mandatory national service I love
the idea of it
but at the same time as an American I
don't like the idea of mandating that
people do something that they don't want
to do
and and I think the volunteer military
that we have right now is it's it might
be the best in the history of world we
have a great military and I think to
mandate it I think it's problematic that
being said every single person that I
talked to especially kids that are the
age of you know 13 14 15 if you get the
opportunity to join the military then I
would definitely recommend it because
like you said it teaches you a lot of
things when it comes to you know the
application of leadership principles how
much of what you learned in leadership
training at the seals was applicable and
how much of it was you're just in a
situation and now you got it you got to
move you got to figure something out how
much of it is seat of your pants kind of
stuff well when I came in we really
didn't and it's a shocking we really
didn't have a process of leadership
training that the leaders went through
and we would basically the leaders would
learn OJT on-the-job training you'd
watch the person that was leading you
and then what is your time to take over
you'd kind of emulate what they were
doing and if you had a great leader that
worked okay if you had a bad leader that
was a real problem and so when I came
back from that deployment to Ramadi
that's one of the things I focused on is
I realized that we really needed to
implement leadership training for the
guys because you're on the battlefield
leadership is the most important thing
on the battlefield and if you don't know
what you're doing you're gonna get
people killed without question and what
would sort of they can you give me a
couple of stories to sort of demonstrate
that pointment what's what's a high
points of leadership that you've seen on
the battlefields as opposed to a low
point that you've seen in terms of
leadership well one thing that's
important to clarify yours when I talk
about leadership I'm not just talking
about me because I was in charge of the
task unit or the platoon commander
Casey's in charge the platoon or even
the people above me I'm talking about
every level of leadership every person
taking ownership of their piece of the
mission and executing executing with
authority and executing with with real
like passion about what they're doing
and so you gotta have leadership at
every level and when you don't have that
it's very problematic so what was great
for me when I came back and I took over
the training for the West Coast SEAL
Teams I got to see we put on the most
realistic combat training extremely
stressful very realistic and I would get
to see a platoon go through this
training and then the next night it'd be
another platoon going through the same
scenarios and the next night be another
platoon going through the same scenarios
so I got it was it was Bey
the most incredible leadership
laboratory it might be the most
incredible leadership laboratory that's
ever existed it was that awesome to be
able to to be able to put these these
platoons through this iterative training
and that was where it became very clear
that leadership if you had a good leader
in a sealed platoon that seal platoon
would do a good job and by the way that
leader didn't need to be the senior guy
it could have been a guy that was two or
three rungs down but when things started
happening he would step up and and take
command and make things happen
and the as long as the other leaders
maybe that were senior to them had the
wherewithal to say you know what this
guy seems to have a grip on the
situation I'm gonna let him run with it
then it'd be okay
occasion you get an egotistical leader
that would feel like oh you're stepping
on my toes and they try and put him down
and and that would be problematic but
you'd see a good solid leader anywhere
in that seal platoon would make those
seal platoons perform great and if you
had a bad leader in a sealed platoon
you'd watch the whole platoon follow
power apart if no one stepped up and
took charge and made things happen this
was very evident and that's another
thing that just solidified the
principles that we it's the same the
same principles that we teach the
businesses are literally the exact same
principles that we wrote about in
extreme ownership are the same
principles that we taught to the young
seal leaders coming up well I'm gonna
ask in a second what are some of those
leadership principles and we'll actually
get into the sort of nitty gritty from
the 30,000 foot level but first let's
talk about your impending death so life
insurance very important but one third
of people don't have it and that's
because it's kind of hard to buy you
have to work out what you need and then
do the research to find the best quote
and hopefully you don't get swindled
along the way it's not really a good way
to shop for anything so policy genius
has made the whole process a lot simpler
policy genius compares quotes from the
top life insurance companies to find the
best policy for you it takes just two
minutes to get a quote and if you don't
know the first thing about insurance
they've got all the tools to get you up
to speed
learn the difference between term and
whole life insurance calculate how much
coverage you need and be sure you're
making the right decision
in fact over four million people have
used policy genius to shop for insurance
how prevalent how good is it I can tell
you I had a listener who came up to me
he's in the life insurance industry he
said I want you to stop reading ads for
policy genius because they're putting us
out of business that's how good they are
at this policy genius doesn't just make
life insurance easy they also compared
disability insurance home insurance auto
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it so whether you know a lot about
life insurance or nothing at all
start your search of policy genius comm
cuz you're gonna plotz and when you do
