a breaking piece of news with regard to
Roy more allegations Al Franken fallout
plus CNN does its best to go after Trump
on Russia and falls directly on its face
as does the entire media I'll tell you
about that one plus the mailbag I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show so
the news coming fast and furious today
if my energy level seems a little bit
down is just because I was back from San
Francisco I was there last night doing
sam Harris's podcast was really
entertaining and fun Tim's a really good
guy and while we disagree strenuously on
issues regarding religion we have a lot
of agreement about how arguments are to
be approached and so it was really
entertaining a good time that podcast
should be up I think in the next couple
of weeks is some time so you should
listen for that but I want to get to all
the latest news particularly a piece of
breaking news with regard to Roy Moore's
chief accuser there really - chief
accusers in the Roy Moore case one is a
woman named Lee Kaufman who says when
she was 14 years old that Roy Moore
attempted to molest her and a woman
named Beverly young Nelson who accused
Roy Moore of basically putting on her
car and almost attempting to rape her
when she was 16 years old she's the one
of course who came out with the yearbook
the signed yearbook we'll talk about a
breaking piece of news in that case that
really throws Beverly young Nelson into
credibility crisis I will talk about
that in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
quip so let me give you a challenge find
a gift that's affordable practical
instagram-worthy and on top of that list
I will tell you is quip the electric
toothbrush that looks like it was
designed by Apple without the high price
so quip is an electric toothbrush you
can carry it with you on the road
because it doesn't have one of those
expensive and heavy chargers it works
it's very slim package you stick a
battery in it it's ready to go now they
will ship you new brush heads on a
regular basis when you subscribe and it
gives you a really clean mouth I mean I
can tell you that clip works in
fantastically well for me my wife is
also using clip now quip make sure that
the new brush head thing is really
important for me because I'm really lazy
and stupid and in things like this and
that means that I rarely bother to think
about the brush head on an electric
toothbrush unless to actually ship to my
house and then I don't have to think
about it all that's what clip is good
for clip comes with the mount that goes
right on your mirror fits seamlessly
into your daily routine and they have
that optional subscription plan I'm
talking about delivering new brush heads
on a dentist recommended three
months scheduled for just $5 including
free shipping worldwide just in time for
the holidays quip is the ideal size and
price to give anyone on your list the
quip electric toothbrush is featured in
just about every Gift Guide
this year from GQ to Forbes and even
Gwyneth Paltrow's magical goop yes I'm
serious
quip is Best Buy backed by a network of
over 10,000 dental professionals
including dentists hygienists and dental
solutions and starts just 25 bucks and
right now when you go to get quip comm
slash pen that's get quipped calm / pen
you get your first refill pack
absolutely free with a quip electric
toothbrush that's quip get quip calm /
Bend again get Q uip calm / pen and you
get your first refill pack free and the
quip toothbrush starts at just 25
dollars so very affordable a lot cheaper
than it would be if you went to the
store and got a more expensive less good
one so go to get quip comm slash pen and
make sure that your mouth stays clean
okay so the breaking piece of news this
morning is that Beverly young Nelson you
remember her we played significant
portions of her audio when she first
broke news was sitting next to the
execrable Gloria Allred that she was
allegedly molested by Roy Moore the
Senate Republican candidate in Alabama
when she was 16 years old so all the way
back in 1977 she claims that Roy Moore
had met her at a restaurant was hitting
on her wrote her a note in her yearbook
and then one night when she wouldn't
when she'd have a ride home he offered
to give her a ride brought around the
back in the car to lock the door and
then proceeded to try to molest her that
was her claim and she trotted out this
yearbook as proof that she knew Roy
Moore because Moore said he never met
her he'd know who she was
so she trotted out this yearbook and
Moore said it's a forgery and she said
it's not a forgery and actually Gloria
Allred went even further to Gloria
Allred said the entire thing the entire
thing is genuine and the entire thing
was written by Roy Moore well a very bad
thing happened on the way to Beverly
young Nelson's credibility okay and that
is that Beverly young Nelson admitted in
an interview with ABC News that she
wrote part of the inscription now she
didn't write according to heard the
actual note she didn't write Roy Moore's
actual signature but she did write the
date and the place underneath right now
the reason that this is a problem I'll
show you I'll show you what she had to
say the reason this is a problem is
because if they just come out at the
very beginning and they'd said Roy Moore
wrote this note and then to remind
myself where this was I wrote the
eight and the place underneath right
just like you would on the back of a
photo everybody would have gone okay
especially because there's now a second
note that Roy Moore wrote a graduation
card to a seventeen-year-old
that looks very much like this no right
the signatures look pretty much the same
but because people were automatically
saying this was a forgery and because
Gloria Allred refused to turn it over to
any sort of impartial third hand source
or secondhand source or refused to turn
over to any sort of handwriting expert
because of all that this now throws the
entire story in jeopardy
here's Beverly young Nelson talking
about this and admitting that she wrote
the little inscription under the note
Young's proof that she knew more her
yearbook with this inscription but Moore
and his supporters have called into
question that inscription noting the
riding under the signature appears to be
different let's look at Beverly Nelson
everybody knows her in yearbook is a
forgery Nelson says she did make notes
to the inscription but the message was
all Rome or Beverly he signed your
yearbook he did sign it and you made
some notes underneath yes okay so how
number one does the GMA reporter who's
reporting that's not ask why when were
the notes made what were the specific
notes made right it says the date and
the and the and the the place the this
steakhouse that apparently she worked
now does this throw the entire story
into into severe a credibility crisis
not quite because Roy Moore said he
never knew the woman he said that the
restaurant didn't exist the signatures
again looked the same they should submit
it now to an independent handwriting
expert they should have already Gloria
Allred is a hack it's unbelievable to me
that Gloria Allred's didn't submit this
in the first place but there is a
tendency to run too far with the story
so I'm seeing headlines today as a
headline from Breitbart bombshell she
admits she forged the signature no she
did not admit she forward us the
signature what you just saw is the
entirety of the tape right the actual
headline over at Breitbart right now I
want to make sure that I don't I don't
give a steer you bomb on what exactly
their headline is bombshell more accuser
admits forging yearbook silence for
weeks as evidence of hoax grew write
more admits admits forging yearbook she
did not admit forging the yearbook she
admitted to writing a note underneath
the signature so again this throws no
credit to things can be true at once won
her credibility can be it can have
serious problems now because she didn't
admit the
from the start and because gloria allred
openly stated the entire thing was
written by this woman but it's also true
that she didn't admit to forging the
entire note she specifically said she
didn't Forge the entire note in this
particular element so I don't know why
people have to lie about what yeah I
really don't know why people have to lie
about what exactly she admitted in order
to throw this woman's credibility into
crisis I don't really understand how how
that's the case it's it's confusing to
me but again it does have a real
credibility problem and there gonna be a
lot of people who hang their hats on
this peg now again she's not the only
accuser against forum or there's another
accuser who says she was molested when
she was 14 that was the one that was
tracked down by the Washington Post
they're a bunch of other women who say
that Roy Moore was dating them and
trying to kiss them and hit on them when
they were under the age of 18 there were
many of those women there were reports
that he was banned from the local food
court at the mall but all of that said
is this a problem for beverly young
nelson it is but it shows the dishonesty
of our politics number one that gloria
allred didn't admit this stuff up front
and number two that GMA didn't bother to
press the questions and number three the
people are now saying this discredit the
entirety of the signature and the note
because it doesn't okay so all of those
things can be true once it can also be
true that this doesn't really change
some of the underlying other allegations
that people are using this to to dismiss
all the allegations all the other
allegations are now dismissed because
there is this this problem with Beverly
young Nelson's credibility now that
seems to me
overkill as well so with all that I'm
trying to give you the most
intellectually honest take I can it's a
serious problem for her credibility it's
a serious problem for Gloria Allred who
once again demonstrates to the world
that she is terrible at her job and as a
hack lawyer and Ana troll but it doesn't
do it doesn't do it doesn't carry all
the heavy weight that I think a lot of
people wanted to carry the weight that
says that Roy Moore is now off the hook
I think that's that's a little bit
that's a little bit of a stretch all all
that being said Roy Moore is gonna win
there's no question the Roy Moore is
gonna win this election now he's gonna
win the election by eight to ten points
he was already winning the election
these charges that started to fade in
the public memory and not only in the
public memory but in the minds of a lot
of conservatives because conservatives
have made the concerted effort now the
concerted move that they have decided
that when so on the initial attack on
somebody like Roy Moore is initially
over an issue where they agree with Roy
Moore
then all further attacks will be
attributed to malice add motivations and
fraud right it's not just with Roy more
this is true for Donald Trump too when
the initial attacks on Donald Trump were
suggestions that his right-wing views
made him unpalatable then when there
were later suggestions that were of a
more personal nature everybody just
rocked that up to media animus for
Donald Trump the same thing is true of
Joe Arpaio Joe Arpaio in Arizona is now
apparently considering a run for the
Senate he told the daily what are the
daily beast that he is seriously
seriously seriously considering running
for the US Senate to repeal to replace
Jeff Flake he'd obviously have an upper
hand in the primaries because
specifically because of all the media
attacks on him because he had to be
pardoned by President Trump and that
means that a lot of people on the right
think that he's a martyr to the cause
right that he's somebody who is anti
illegal immigration he is somebody who
used to dress up his prisoners in pink
outfits we like that sort of stuff since
we don't like crime and we don't like
illegal immigration and the initial
media attacks were on that stuff not on
corruption in the Maricopa County
Sheriff's Office which apparently did
exist they paid a 3.5 million dollar
settlement to a local newspaper after
trying to arrest newspaper reporters for
reporting on a subpoena but all of that
puts it aside one of the things that
unites the sort of feeling for Trump and
Roy Moore and and ang RPO is this
feeling like if the initial attack on
them was over their conservatism or over
their right-wing views then all further
attacks must be discredited based on the
malice of the media and the media
doesn't help its own case when it
doesn't press Beverly young Nelson for a
better explanation of why they didn't
come out with this fact earlier why it
was weeks before they came out with the
fact that the last two lines of this
thing at the very least according to
Beverly young Nelson were written by
Beverly young Nelson so yeah I think
that Republicans are being a little
disingenuous if they say that all
allegations against Joe Arpaio are false
because the initial attack on Joe Arpaio
was wrong or all the allegations against
Roy Moore are false because the initial
attack on Roy Moore was wrong over the
10 commandments stuff like the fact is
that Roy Moore says a lot of stuff that
is inappropriate he says a lot of stuff
that is bad but because again I think
that you basically have ten seconds in
the public eye to make people's minds up
about what exactly you are then once
their minds been made up it's almost
impossible to change them
is actually what the social science data
tends to suggest then when you walk down
the street you make a decision within
the first 10 seconds of meeting someone
whether you like them or not and it's
very difficult to change your opinion
the same is true in politics the first
impression is the lasting impression
that people have about you with regard
to politics the first impression about
Roy Moore is that he was a very
religious guy who took the Ten
Commandment seriously and wasn't going
to bow to judicial supremacy and that
image has basically carried him through
all of the credibility questions about
him it carries him through with saying
ridiculous things right in just a second
I'm gonna play you a quote by Roy Moore
himself that if any Democrats had at the
right would be going nuts but the right
doesn't care because anything that is
used to attack worry more is now being
seen as bad faith here is a little bit
of the the tape that I'm talking about
Roy Moore was asked by the Guardian
about Ronald Reagan once saying that the
Russians were the the evil empire and
the focus of evil in the modern world
and here was Roy Moore's answer he said
the Russia was the focus of evil in the
modern world you could say that very
well by America couldn't you do you
think well we promote a lot of bad
things you know like same-sex marriage
that's the very argument of aladdhin
mere Peter makes well then maybe Putin
is right maybe he's more kin to me than
I know okay so if any Democrat said that
right that America's the focus of modern
evil in this world and then they cited
say not same-sex marriage but but high
tea but low taxes and then they said
maybe Putin is right we'd lose our minds
but Roy Moore says that is totally fine
again because people have made up their
mind about Roy Moore already the same is
true there's a quote apparently and I
don't want to put too much stake in this
quote I'll read it to you and then I'll
tell you why according to the LA Times
Roy Moore in September was asked about
when he last thought America was great
because he's run very much on they make
America great again kind of bandwagon
and more apparently acknowledged the
nation's ugly history of race and racism
and then he said I think it was great at
the time when families were united even
though we had slavery they cared for one
another our families were strong our
country had a direction so the way the
media has run with this is saying that
Roy Moore says the last time America was
great as when there was slavery I don't
think that's what Roy Moore is saying
but it's certainly badly our
it's another one of these cases where
because we just trust the media on the
right we want the entire context we
don't trust them to tell the truth and
this is just another example of why that
is so that distrust of the media allows
people to take a molehill and make it
into a mountain in the case of Beverly
young Nelson and all the rest of the
accusers it allows them the ability to
hang their hat on pegs that are not
particularly sturdy again does this call
beverly young Nelson herself in a
question absolutely does it call Gloria
Allred in the question absolutely and I
will only follow where the evidence
leads when she first came out I said I
thought this was very credible I think
it's a lot less credible now that that
you have this this statement that she
wrote in the yearbook herself do I think
it completely destroys her credibility
no I'm not willing to go that far but
it's a problem for her that said for
people to say this destroys all of the
allegations against Roy Moore is is an
overkill that I think is pretty
shameless okay before I go any further
and I'll talk a little bit about Al
Franken first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at us ECA so right now
do you remember that gun giveaway I told
you about a little bit earlier this week
well if you want and you really do have
to hurry the US ECA wants to give you
for free chances to win a brand-new gun
plus all the ammo you will need to break
it in entry is simple easy and free but
it's almost over go to defend my family
now one calm is defend my family now the
number one dot-com to lock in your entry
this is your last chance to register if
you win you'll get $1,000 for a brand
new gun in the ammo of your choice
remember it's not just one gun you get
four chances to win not only is the US
ECA on a mission to make sure every
responsible gun owner is educated
trained and insured they like giving
away guns to law-abiding people because
while biting people with guns are able
to defend themselves in their country
you're running out of time
don't miss your last shot at getting
that gun you really want for Christmas
hurry over to defend my family now one
comc which gun is waiting for you defend
my family now 1.com so if you were
waiting for the Red Ryder BB gun but now
you've upgraded to an actual AR then
defend my family now one calm is the
place to go go ahead and check that out
okay so while the Republicans are having
all of this hubbub over more mother more
is guilty or innocence and Joe Arpaio
and Trent Franks so Trent Franks stepped
down yesterday he says he's gonna step
down from Congress because two former
female staffers are now complaining of
sexual harassment apparently franks said
that he and his wife have been
struggling to get pregnant and that he
discussed surrogacy with two women in
the workplace and it caused them to
stress I'm confused as to why that
exactly would be sexual harassment
unless he said I want to put a baby in
you in which case it is sexual
