a Democrat is arrested for targeting
Republicans the Cavanaugh vote
approaches and a last-ditch attempt to
stop Cavanaugh materializes I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
the excitement builds as we approach the
Cavanaugh vote Mitchell McConnell has
now filed for cloture that means the
vote on Kavanagh will likely take place
on Saturday perfect I'll be off so I
won't even know what happened the
suspense will kill me on Saturday once
again God coming between me and the news
but you know that's just the way it
works around here bunch of announcements
to make up top here before we get into
the latest and today we're going to go
through a lot of material including the
supposition that Brett Kavanaugh
committed perjury on the stand which is
the new angle that's being taken we'll
talk about all of that but first I want
to announce that tonight I'm kicking off
my yaf tour young America's Foundation
tour at University of Southern
California it starts at 10:00 p.m.
Eastern 7:00 p.m. Pacific so you can
watch me take on the left both in person
and online come be a part of this fall's
speaking tour we have a bunch of
universities we are going to bring your
tumblers before the tear harvest is upon
us so that is exciting stuff we are
expecting that there will be protesters
there's actually some talk about
violence which obviously we hope does
not occur people have been going nuts
over this speech which it's always
puzzling to me Amy really I feel like
I'm a nice guy but you know I'm
admittedly biased also we really
appreciate you tuning in and sharing the
podcast with your friends if you enjoy
what we're doing please subscribe to the
Ben Shapiro show on iTunes right go over
on your itunes right now and subscribe
and while you're there leave us a five
star ratings a five star rating go check
it out please do that if anything less
than a five star rating well just skip
it you know you don't really need your
opinion all right let's just be real the
only opinions that we care about are the
ones that we like but if you like the
show do it it only takes a second it
really does help us out those I tune
rankings actually are based in part on
the number of ratings that are given so
if you haven't rated us yet go over and
give us a 5 star rating
over at iTunes so go check that out also
also the midterm elections are coming up
you may know this this creates
uncertainty in the market it creates the
possibility of a change in the
governance structure because god forbid
the democrats win the house or win the
senate this could change how policy is
done and that's why you want to be
taking at least some of your money and
putting it in precious metals it's a
hedge against inflation a hedge against
uncertainty and instability Gold is a
safe haven against such uncertainty my
savings plan is diversified and yours
should be as well the company I trust
with precious metal purchases is Birch
gold group and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you could even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA back
by physical gold and silver which is
perfect for folks who want to protect
their hard-earned retirement savings
from any GOP future geopolitical
uncertainty if you look back when the
bottom falls out of everything else gold
tends to safeguard savings gold has
never been worth zero Birch gold group
has thousands of satisfied customers
countless five-star reviews a plus
rating with the Better Business Bureau
right now contact Birch gold to request
a free information kit unphysical
precious metals is a comprehensive 16
page kit shows how gold and silver can
protect your savings and again how you
can legally move that IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds into a precious metals
metals IRA if that's something you're
into to get that no-cost no-obligation
kit and ask all your questions go to
birchgold.com slash been ask all your
questions be certain about what you want
to do with your finances and then when
you're ready to invest a little bit in
precious metals go check out
birchgold.com slash been alright now to
the news so Mitch McConnell the Senate
Majority Leader has announced that he is
invoking cloture meaning that we are not
going to allow the Democrats to
filibuster the Kavanagh nominee and that
means that by Saturday the full Senate
will be voting on Brett Kavanaugh here
was Mitch McConnell yesterday announcing
that he was going to file cloture on the
floor of the Senate there'll be plenty
of time for members to review and be
briefed on the supplemental material
before a Friday cloture vote so I'm
filing cloture on judge Kavanagh his
nomination this evening so the process
can move forward as I indicated earlier
and the process should move forward the
process should move forward because
guess what
shocker it turns out that nothing has
been found and we've now been doing this
for another week another week thanks to
Senator Jeff Flake and the idea that an
FBI investigation was going to quell
everyone's fears clearly that's happened
clearly Democrats are now very satisfied
with how this is gone everybody has a
lot of faith in the FBI folks on the
left they really feel like a full
investigation has been done and they're
feeling pretty satisfied about all this
take for example Senator Dianne
Feinstein who took the results of the
FBI inquiry and she saw that it
basically said nothing new and then
should you know what I feel like this
has been settled I guess now I'll really
consider Brett Cavanaugh's nomination or
alternatively she did what everyone knew
what she would do and she said oh no the
investigation is a bunch of hooey and it
was never meant to be comprehensive and
therefore Democrats can't vote for
Kavanagh on that basis here is Dianne
fine
signe who really has just been I mean
there's no other word for it in terms of
the process that she's engaged in than
evil I mean it really has been an evil
process in which she's engaged getting
an allegation on July 30th holding it
for six weeks until just before the vote
releasing it without any corroborating
detail maybe releasing it anonymously in
order to spur the full release of the
story and then grilling Brett Kavanaugh
on suppose it gang rape now all of this
has been gross but here's Senator Dianne
Feinstein continuing her pattern of
being gross by saying that the FBI
investigation is incomplete and because
it's incomplete therefore that's really
why we shouldn't vote on Cavanaugh but
what I can say is that the most notable
part of this report is what's not in it
as we noted by the White House the FBI
did not interview Brett Kavanaugh we
have seen even more press reports of
witnesses who wanted to speak with the
FBI but were not interviewed okay so I
love that she says what's most important
here is what's not in it that's true but
not how she means it so she says what's
most important is all the people the FBI
didn't interview well that's because the
people that she's talking about could
provide no corroborating evidence what's
not in the report is that there is no
corroborating evidence for any of
Christine Blasi Ford's allegations no
corroborating evidence none the GOP
Senate Judiciary chair astley he says
there is no hint of misconduct in
confidential FBI report on Cavanaugh
sexual misconduct claims he says there's
nothing in it that we didn't already
know Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski at
least Susan Collins from from Maine she
is suggesting that the FBI process has
made her feel a little more quiet about
this whole thing maybe that's what Jeff
Flake was going for if so what would the
best possible spin on it may be when
Senator flake called for the FBI
investigation he was just trying to get
Susan Collins on board or provide cover
for a couple of Democrats like joe
Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp to vote for
Brett Kavanaugh also the polling data
this week has been brutal for Democrats
so that means the joe Manchin and Heidi
Heitkamp in North Dakota that the two of
them may in fact vote for Cavanaugh just
to preserve their Senate seats it is
very likely right now that the Democrats
the their chances before the Cavanaugh
thing were not good with regard to
taking back the Senate eight about one
in three shot according to
five-thirty gates modeling of taking
back the senate now that's down to about
one in four and it looks like
republicans may actually pick up seats
in the senate even the advantage the
democrats have in house races has been
reduced by half as we talked about
yesterday on the show
so this Cavanaugh thing has backfired
pretty badly on Democrats White House
spokesman Raj Shah says the White House
has received the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's supplemental background
investigation into Judge Cavanaugh it is
being transmitted to the Senate with
leader McConnell's cloture filing
senators have been given ample time to
review the seventh background
investigation this is the last addition
to the most comprehensive review of a
Supreme Court nominee in history which
includes extensive hearings multiple
committee interviews over 1200 questions
for the record and over half a million
pages of documents with this additional
information the White House is fully
confident the Senate will vote to
confirm judge Cavanaugh to the Supreme
Court President Trump tweeted out this
morning the harsh and unfair treatment
of Judge Beck kavanah is having
incredible upward impact on voters the
people get it far better than the
politicians most importantly this great
live life cannot be ruined by mean and
despicable Democrats and totally
uncorroborated allegations he's 100%
right on this even Bret Stephens is
expressing gratitude that Trump is
president today which is an amazing
thing right Brett Stevens is about as
anti Trump as it's possible to be he is
a true never Trump Republican and he
came out in the New York Times today and
said I am very very pleased that Donald
Trump is president and standing by Brett
Kavanaugh now there are a lot of folks
on the Left who don't seem to understand
why folks on the right are so passionate
about this issue
the reason we're passionate about this
issue is because it looks like due
process and presumption of innocence
have been tossed completely out now in a
second I'm gonna get to the counter
argument that's being made by some folks
I think in good faith
folks like Sam Harris on his podcast I'm
friendly with Sam and we've been having
a little bit of a text back and forth
about this and I'm not spilling any
secrets he said all this stuff publicly
I want to talk about that in just a
second but the way that Republicans are
viewing this the way conservatives are
viewing this the way independents are
viewing this is a man was accused
after 36 years of allegedly sexually
assaulting a girl back when he was 17
years old there is no corroborating
evidence and Democrats want to run him
out of his life over it and then the
media have decided to latch on to every
single rumor they possibly can
in order to prevent Cavanaugh from
joining the court that's what this looks
like to anyone
I think of objective I don't even think
it's conservatives anyone have
objectified the process sucks now there
are two separate questions and this is
where I think it's worthwhile discussing
the most intellectually honest version
of the leftist case there are two
separate questions does the process suck
and does Brett Kavanaugh deserve to be
on the court now these two issues are
not completely separate the process and
its suckage are one of the reasons why
Brett Kavanaugh got himself into a
little bit of trouble with regard to his
testimony I'm gonna talk about the
trouble he got himself into with regard
to his testimony in just a second but
the suckage of the process is what most
people are concerned with at this point
because it feels like whatever
complaints are being made about Brett
Kavanaugh are essentially fruit of the
poisonous tree then when you accuse a
guy of gang rape and you start going
through his yearbook and then your final
case against him is he fibbed about
stuff in his high school yearbook and
that's why he shouldn't be on the
Supreme Court that feels like fruit of
the poisonous tree in the worst possible
way and in a second I'm gonna discuss
that case also it feels like the media
are out to get Cavanaugh because they
are Ronan Farrow has done some really
good work on the me to stuff like some
some really excellent work on the me to
stuff and he completely has undermined
his own credibility with regard to Brett
Kavanaugh so you recall that a week ago
The New Yorker and a piece by Jane Meyer
who is not a good reporter and Ronan
Farrow who is a good reporter they put
out a piece suggesting that a woman
named Deborah Ramirez back when she was
at Yale was at a drunken frat party and
Brett Kavanaugh unzipped his pants and
exposed himself to her that was the
accusation it was at a party she
apparently considered it for six days
because she wasn't sure that she
remembered it correctly or that it was
Cavanaugh and then she came forward and
told the story there were no
corroborating witnesses well last night
the New Yorker decides that in order to
undermine the credibility of the FBI
investigation they are going to come
forward with new witnesses to Deborah
ramirez's statements oh that would be
kind of a bombshell wouldn't it except
that's not actually what the report said
on Wednesday evening New York who runs
this investigative piece from Meier and
Ronan Farrow the piece claimed that the
FBI investigation into sexual assault
claims against Cavanaugh was
insufficient what made the investigation
insufficient well here's what they said
they said quote frustrated potential
witnesses who have been unable to speak
with the FBI agents conduct
the investigation into sexual assault
allegations against Donald Trump's
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
have been resorting to sending
statements unsolicited to the bureau and
descenders in hopes that they would be
seen before the inquiry concluded so the
FBI investigation is just as Feinstein
said insufficient because they're a
bunch of witnesses who've not been
interrogated by the FBI and they've been
desperately reaching out to the FBI
trying to tell their vital stories what
are their vital stories
well the key vital story comes from a
guy named Kenneth appaled Kenneth
appaled according to The New Yorker was
a suite mate of Brett Kavanaugh at the
time of the alleged incident he had
previously spoken to The New Yorker
about Ramirez and condition of anonymity
but he said that he is now willing to be
identified because he believes the FBI
must thoroughly investigate her
allegation appaled who is the James
hasting Nichols professor of Reformation
history at Princeton Theological
Seminary said that he first heard about
the alleged incident involving Cavanaugh
and Ramirez either the night it occurred
or a day or two later Apple said he was
100% certain that he was told that
Cavanaugh was the male student who
exposed himself to Ramirez well okay
that's pretty damning stuff right I mean
here's a guy who's saying that he heard
about Cavanaugh exposing himself at this
party so why isn't the FBI talking to
him clearly the FBI investigation is a
ruse clearly it hasn't been done more
thoroughly enough and all the rest of it
well there's only one problem
buried a few paragraphs down there in
the story is a little spoiler that
completely undermines the New Yorkers
story I will explain that spoiler to you
in just one second but first let's talk
about what you do in case of emergency
so you see there are these natural
disasters you see the the videos of them
on on YouTube or on Twitter you you
watch on TV as a tsunami or a hurricane
hits and you think yourself okay I have
my really prepared in my own home and
the answer is you're probably not and
that's why you need my Patriot supply
when there's no power refrigeration
fails and store closes stores closed so
what do you do well that's when you need
an emergency food plan I trust my
Patriots apply for dependable food
storage and you should as well people in
the office have it we have actually my
Patriots apply at the office in case an
emergency hits while everybody is here
at work so we don't resort to
cannibalism I think it is fair to say
that Austin goes first each person in
your household should have at least a
two-week emergency food supply from my
Patriot supply this week they're
offering a special
price of only 75 bucks for a food kit
that contains ninety two servings of
breakfasts lunches and dinners call
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen or go to my special
website prepare with been calm this food
lasts up to twenty five years in storage
is only seventy five bucks that includes
a rugged tote order now eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
or prepare with been calm eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
or prepare with been calm so go check it
out right now so how did the New Yorker
undermine its own case so they say
here's a witness a witness who says he
heard about Brett Kavanaugh exposing
himself to a girl at Yale now again this
is a different allegation than the he
tried to sexually assault somebody this
is a bad drunken frat antic that is
gross but it's not quite the same thing
as pressing yourself on a girl and
putting your hand over her mouth or
there are gradations of evil this one is
a little bit lower than the other one
but here's the big problem with a New
Yorker story okay The New Yorker story
says this this is actually what it says
in the story quote a polled said that he
initially asked remain anonymous because
he hoped to make contact first with the
classmate who to the best of his
recollection told him about the party
and was an eyewitness to the incident he
said he had not been able to get any
response from that person despite
multiple attempts to do so The New
Yorker reached the classmate but he said
he had no memory of the incident so in
other words here's what the New Yorker
is reporting here's their big bombshell
this guy heard secondhand about a party
which Cavanaugh exposed himself without
permission to a girl and this guy said
I'm not coming forward until I talked to
the guy who told me the story The New
Yorker actually identified that guy who
supposedly witnessed the event and then
when they talked to him and that guy
said I don't remember anything about
that wouldn't that actually be the end
of the story like in a normal
journalistic standard wouldn't that be
the end of the story if ice if I spoke
to somebody and they said I heard a
rumor from X that this happened and he
was an eyewitness and then I went I
spoke to the eyewitness and the
eyewitness said I don't remember
anything about that that would be the
end of the story
