it's a Hobbesian war of all against all
as CNN and Fox News do battle trump
fulminate over immigration and Hamas
makes its move I'm Ben Shapiro and this
is the Ben Shapiro show all right so we
have a lot to get to today big show
coming up we're going to talk about the
continuing attempt to boycott Laura
Ingraham show the blowback that is going
to be unleashed on CNN and MSNBC if this
continues we're going to talk about
Trump on daca we're going to talk about
the media wars apparently Sinclair
broadcasting did something so horribly
egregious the entire media is a twitter
/ it will talk about all of those things
plus later in the show I'm gonna do an
interview with the producer on the new
fantastic film Chappaquiddick which I
have a lot to say talk about a little
bit later in the show but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
upside so let me ask you this how many
times you've been on a trip and suddenly
something goes wrong you don't know who
to turn to
because you booked through some sort of
travel site and there's no one on the
other end of the phone well that will
never happen when you use up side calm
when you go to up side calm up side is
your Mission Control right you're up
there in space you know what you're
doing but there's somebody on the ground
helping direct you upside is that group
of people they have a team of
specialists working 24/7 to make sure
your flight hotel and car rental all go
off without a hitch they monitor your
trip around the clock they proactively
keep you posted on everything from if
it's gonna rain to alternative flights
home in case you want to change the time
have you ever experienced that level of
service before in any of these other
sites the answer is no of course you
haven't I've tried all these sites and I
promise you there's nothing worse than
your trip going wrong in the middle of a
trip and there's no one to talk to and
even if you go to the airline they say
oops it's too late you booked through
another travel site so you're screwed
that's no longer going to happen when
yous upside calm for easy booking
competitive prices and a team that
always has your back go to upside calm /
pen to book your next business trip
again sign up today for your free
accounts and get a free pair of Bose
headphones on your first business trips
you get that as well it's pretty awesome
deal that's upside calm / been again
upside calm / been when you do you get a
a free pair of Bose headphones on your
first business trip $600 minimum
purchase required within 90 days see the
site for complete details check it out
again upside calm and /ban they are your
mission control for travel alright so we
begin today with the update on
everything that has been going on
regarding Laura Ingraham and the
aftermath of a power clinch shooting
which is now six weeks ago but the media
have been all over it since then pushing
the gun control agenda I want to begin
by pointing out that the media's agenda
here is absolutely clear the media is
using the parkland shooting as a crutch
as a lever in order to push gun control
and in order to attack their political
opponents and really it's more than flat
the latter than the former it's not even
about pushing gun control so much as
castigating anyone they don't like
castigating anyone with whom they
disagree as a bad human being this is
what the media are into the media will
want to make it seem like if you
disagree with them on gun control this
makes you a bad person they're actually
not that interested in gun control
legislation actually getting passed
because if they were they would stop
browbeating people like Marco Rubio
senator from Florida who's been working
with Bill Nelson a Democrat senator from
Florida to push legislation they would
stop ripping on Republicans as uncaring
unfeeling monsters with blood on their
hands the media are interested in one
thing and one thing only in the
aftermath of parkland and that is
pushing the gun control narrative
specifically so they can push their more
important primary narrative the gun
control they're under the secondary the
primary narrative is that you are a bad
person if you like guns you are a bad
person if you're Pro Second Amendment
okay this is their agenda how can you
tell this is their agenda because even
other left-wing agenda points go by the
wayside if it doesn't serve the primary
agenda so here's what I mean by that
there's a whole group of students over
at Parkland or even further the left
then the group of students you've seen
on TV the EMA Gonzalez's and the david
hogs and the cameron cass keys there's a
whole group of students that are even
more to the left
but you never see them on TV why don't
you see those left wing students on TV
after all the media is full of leftist
the answer is because these students are
not serving the left-wing agenda of
pushing gun control and therefore they
are not pushing the broader left-wing
agenda of making those of us who are
anti gun control look like bad people so
here are some of the kids who have been
talking but not being heard there's some
black students over at Stoneman Douglas
who are being completely ignored by the
media you've never seen any of these
folks on TV you've never heard of any of
these people but here they were and the
agenda they're pushing is that they
don't want more school safety officers
in school because they're afraid that
that's going to lead to more arrests of
black kids so here is them talking about
this the black lives matter movement has
been addressing this topic since the
murder of Trayvon Martin in 2012 yet we
have never seen this kind of support for
our cause and we surely do not feel that
the lives or voices of minorities are
valued as much as those of our way
counterparts I am here today with my
classmates because we have been sorely
underrepresented and in some cases
misrepresented dr. Rosalind Osgood is a
school board member in Broward County
she helped these students organize and
help them get the media's attention and
let's find means and most of making
their voice available so that they can
be heard ok so we can stop it there but
these people were not heard right you're
not you're not hearing from any of these
students right there this appears maybe
a little bit in local media maybe for
brief seconds in national media and then
it goes away why wouldn't this be the
intersectional moment wouldn't this be
the intersectional talking point
remember the left's ideology is
intersectional they believe that you can
judge someone's opinion and the value of
their opinion simply by looking at the
group identity simply by looking at the
group to which they belong so these are
black students that means that their
opinions should be held in higher esteem
than the white students like David hog
right otherwise you're just exacerbating
white privilege but the media aren't
focusing on these black students
why aren't they focusing on these black
students because these black students do
not serve their agenda if these black
students were out there front and center
calling for gun control and suggesting
that everyone who didn't like gun
control as bad person the media would
have them on every single day so this is
why when people say they are
intersectional leftist what they really
mean is they're leftists first an
intersectional second intersectionality
that that identity politics philosophy
that philosophy that we can judge you as
an individual by your group identity and
your viewpoints value by a group
identity that's only important to the
left when it serves the purpose of the
left Clarence Thomas isn't too legit
black man according to the left because
his intersectional experiences as a
black man don't count because he doesn't
agree with the left well the same thing
is true of these students they don't
they're not forwarding the left hardcore
agenda and that means that their black
skin no longer counts in the
intersectional hierarchy because they're
just not that important which shows you
that all the members of the
intersectional hierarchy all the members
of this intersectional coalition who are
supposedly going to get together and rip
down the system it's really far less
about mutual respect for ethnicity and
much more about mobilizing to defeat the
supposed patriarchy to defeat the white
privilege system and that's why the
media can safely ignore these black kids
and pretend like nothing is happening
with them these doesn't serve their
higher agenda well what does serve their
higher
right now it serves their higher agenda
is using gun control to push for
boycotts against media figures they
don't like so this is a continuation of
what happened last week Laura Ingraham
the Fox News host she was boycotted not
even really boycott there's an astroturf
the boycott attempt by david hog who's a
student at still Marjory Stoneman
Douglas and he was present when the
shooting happened and he's obviously put
all over the media you've seen him
saying really vile things about people
he disagrees with saying their blood on
their hands saying that Marco Rubio's
murderer who basically took one dollar
and five cents from the NRA for every
floor to students and all the rest
well David hog he was interviewed by TMZ
after visiting some colleges and he was
asked how the college admissions stuff
was going and he said well you know to
be honest with you an ink on that great
there are four colleges that didn't let
me in and I understand there are a lot
of people who can fill those slots but
if the colleges want to help us out they
can help us out if they don't want to
help us out they don't want to help us
out well this prompted Laura Ingraham to
tweet out and he was whining about his
college admissions was that ill-advised
yes this is something I would have
recommended saying no so I think that we
should attack the perspectives that are
wrong yes I think we should attack the
people expressing those perspectives not
really but Laura says all of this and
then hogs response is not well Laura
that was kind of a jerky thing to say
his response is directly from the Media
Matters playbook Media Matters if you
don't know it's left-wing group
co-founded essentially by Hillary
Clinton and that group has been designed
for literally a decade and a half to
launch astroturf boycotts against major
right-wing media figures people like
Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity and Bill
O'Reilly and now against the Laura
Ingraham and so this student David hog
immediately comes forward with a list of
the advertisers on Laura Ingraham show
and within minutes he's got a list
amazing amazing how how how that worked
it's just incredible and then all of
these advertisers start dropping Laura's
show because they don't want the
blowback because here's the dirty little
secret about a lot of advertisers
they're more afraid of the blowback than
they are interested in experiencing the
the pleasure of advertising on a given
show when an advertiser advertises on a
show usually what they're looking for is
an outlet to speak to a vast group of
people what they don't want is bad
publicity so even the merest sign of bad
publicity for a lot of advertisers is
toxic and a lot of them run away and so
Laura Ingraham apologizes and david
huggins i'm not going to accept the
apology I'm still gonna push forward
with the boycott
and the media are giddy over this
because finally they have a kid that
they can stand behind and this kid is
unattackable right you're not supposed
to say anything bad about him even about
his perspective you're not even supposed
to say he says immoral things because
that would be attacking him and there's
this according to the folks in the media
right brian Stelter on CNN said he does
not ask people like david hog questions
when they say things that are absolutely
unacceptable because that would be
somehow impugning their dignity or honor
I think Brian tries but I think I was a
pretty telling statement hey David hog
is being used as a shield by the media
in order so they can push the sword at
their political enemies like Fox News
and Laura Ingraham so hog of course is
really excited about this and he's gonna
become the boycott leader of the left
and left his happy to using this way he
says that corporate America is standing
with him here's here's him making the
statement to allison Cammarata who by
the way last week said that what college
wouldn't know what college wouldn't let
someone like you in - david hog well
david hog wasn't led into some of the
colleges on the west coast because his
SAT scores weren't high enough i mean
all of the all of his admissions were
done months ago before any of this
happened
and his SAT scores apparently according
to david hager like a twelve seventy
which is a fine SAT score but that's a
hundred points below the average at UCLA
so he wouldn't expect to get into UCLA
in any case here's allison Camerata
and david hog you know making out on
national TV or you know her elise
plastering her lips to his but i think
it's great that corporate america is
standing with me and the rest of my
friends because when you come against
any one of us whether it be me or
anybody else
you're coming against all of us and i
think it's important that we stand
together it's both corporate and civic
america to take action against these
people and show them that they cannot
push us around especially when we're all
we're trying to do here is save lives
okay well that's all he's trying to it
forget all the things that he said that
are terrible about people calling daniel
ash a murderer and somebody doesn't care
about her children and saying the same
thing about marco rubio and allison
camera are just sitting there nodding
through this whole thing corporate
america is not standing with david hog
corporate america is standing with non
controversy and this is the truth about
corporate america they don't want
controversy which is understandable if
you run a business and you are selling a
sleep aid and you are on the show and
the show starts to become very
controversial and suddenly your sleep
aid is popping up in all the ads you're
afraid to the ball back and so maybe you
pull your advertisements the left knows
this and that's why they're pushing it
and so david
to push this even further he says listen
I understand that Laura Ingraham
apologized to me and I don't accept her
apology but she shouldn't just stop
there she should also apologize again on
CNN and of course on Siena and then he
says you know what else I would really
appreciate if she would apologize to
LeBron James while LeBron James okay
because a month before this shooting
happened in parkland she said to LeBron
James that he shut up in trouble we call
it we talked about on the show it wasn't
something that I was fond of her saying
in fact I criticized her saying it but
David hog is now going to be the apology
police
he's the civility police right this guy
who goes around saying that you have
blood on your hands if you disagree with
him this is captain civility now
according to the members of the
mainstream media Kerry is explaining
that that Laura Ingraham should
apologize to LeBron James - or something
there have been multiple instances
throughout Ingram's professional career
where she's tried calling out people for
example at Dartmouth University because
of their sexual orientation and she told
LeBron James to shut up and dribble I
don't see any apology for those people I
mean why it's just it's really sad it's
disturbing it was stop whatever whatever
okay it's just absurd
why should she apologize to david hager
if he's not going to accept it and then
why is he calling on her to apologize to
other people if he says the apologies
mean nothing none of this makes any
sense except insofar as the media are
happy to watch David hog go out there
and call for boycotts because they want
FoxNews boycotted they're a competitor
and then they want people and then they
are they are firmly convinced that you
cannot attack anything that David hog
says again David hug seems like a smart
kid
David hog seems like a politically wily
player that doesn't mean everything that
he says is moral or decent in fact I
think a large percentage of what he says
is immoral and indecent okay before I go
any further I'm gonna show you what
CNN's real agenda here is first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
Zeile so you want to know the only thing
better than getting a massage getting a
massage inside your own home whether
your back hurts from running after the
kids or your muscles are sore from
working out or you're stressed after a
long day of work zeal brings you
same-day in-home massages with the best
licensed and vetted massage therapist
right to your home so I've used it for
myself I've gotten zero massages for my
wife I've got it for my father my mother
and my mother-in-law I've gotten Zeile
massages for my sister the reason for
this is because it is so convenient it
is so easy before we use eel there was a
masseuse than my family regularly used
and the problem was you had to set an
appointment with her weeks in advance it
was really expensive and then you had to
drive out to the middle of nowhere
get the massage well now Zeile makes it
clear that you don't have to do this
anymore
ze al.com L'Orange eels iPhone or
Android app ze Elcom and you can select
from top local licensed pre-screened
massage therapists choose your favourite
technique gender preference time and
location for your massage and zeal we'll
send one of their 10,000 licensed
massage therapists with a massage table
music and supplies to give you that
five-star massage scheduling booking
payment fast and easy even the tip is
included 7 days a week 365 days a year
Azul massage therapist can be at your
door and as little as an hour privacy
convenience quality comfort all in your
home there's a reason it was featured in
The Wall Street Journal the New York
Times Vogue Good Morning America there
on demand they'll be at your house and
they will be the best massage that you
can get at a moment's notice it's just
fantastic
EEE Elcom and when you use promo code
bend you get twenty five bucks off your
first massage with promo code been ze
al.com or on their iPhone or Android app
again you get that special offer promo
code been 25 bucks off your first
in-home massage ze e Elcom promo code
then go ahead and check it out okay so
as I say a lot of the media are very
excited about the boycott against Ingram
you can see this on a CNN panel right so
CNN says that they have a panel and all
of these people agree how is it even
possible that Laura Ingram has a show
how is it possible that Laura has a show
well she has a show because there a lot
of people who want to listen to her but
this is the real goal here right the
real goal here is knocking Ingram off
the air just as the real goal was
knocking Shawn off the air and knocking
