we discuss what we know about the
YouTube shooting Robert Muller announces
that President Trump is not a criminal
target and president Trump says he's
gonna put the military on the border
we'll discuss all of it I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right so we do have a lot to get to
today we're going to go through in
Folsom detail everything that we know
about the YouTube shooter about the
attempted murderer over at YouTube who
shot herself after wounding several
people we're not going to mention her
name because that's something that we
don't do here on the bench Shapiro show
we also don't do it a Daily wire and
that's an edict that I put down after
the Parkland shooting where we do not
cover the actual name of the shooter so
if you want the name of this year you'll
have to go elsewhere I don't think it's
that important we'll give you all the
information you need to know about her
without actually naming her and
glorifying her in the way that the media
are doing we know from studies that it
is important of not to mention the names
of shooters if you want to stop copycat
crimes we'll discuss all of those things
in just a second first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at legacy
box so here's the deal right now
in your garage you have a bunch of old
films old pictures or cassette tapes you
have all this stuff and it's just
moldering away it's it's degrading over
time it's gonna be unplayable unusable
it's gonna get waterlogged there'll be
bugs that get in it well instead of just
letting that stuff to grade in your
garage instead what you should do is go
to my friends over at legacy box and let
them help you out the way this works you
take all of those tapes you take all
those pictures everything you throw it
in a box and you send it to legacy box
ok legacy box sends you a box you take
all of these things the old films the
tapes the pictures the audio recordings
you send it back and then in a couple of
weeks all of it comes back to you
original materials plus a DVD or thumb
drive with all of this stuff on it
so you can relive rewatch enjoy it all
the time I've done this for my parents
it is a fantastic gift for your parents
it's a fantastic it for yourself if
you're trying to maintain your childhood
memories without those things withering
away there's a reason over 350,000
families have used legacy box and for a
limited time when you go to legacy box
comm slash Ben you get a 40% discount on
your order that's legacy box comm slash
been for that 40% discount again legacy
box comm slash been use that slash Ben
so we know so they know that we sent you
again fantastic service nothing more
important in life than preserving those
memories you've created if you let them
mold or away it's gonna be your own
fault so go to legacy box comm slash Ben
and get that 40 percent discount on your
order alright so yesterday in the middle
of the day a woman walked into the
YouTube headquarters in Northern
California and began shooting up the
place we are not going to mention her
name as I say because here at the Daily
wire and on my podcast in particular
I have a policy my policy is that we
don't mention the names of attempted
mass shooters because studies tend to
show that when you glorify mass shooters
all that does is create copycats people
want to think that their message is
getting out there so what we will
discuss is everything we know about this
woman what about actually mentioning her
specific name just what you need to know
as news consumers so according to
Mercury News in San Jose the night
before this woman opened fire in a
courtyard at YouTube's headquarters
Tuesday afternoon Mountain View police
found this woman sleeping in her car
she'd been reported missing by her
family in Southern California and her
father told police she might be going to
YouTube because she hated the company
okay so we here's what we know already
she's crazy
she hates YouTube hey she put up a bunch
of videos on YouTube about being
demonetised and she's an animal rights
protesters within Islamic background her
dad is Muslim I guess all I can say is
that her videos make it fairly clear
that she is not a an orthodox observant
Muslim she's dressed in garb that I
don't think traditional Muslims would be
particularly happy with are there bunch
of videos of her doing exercise videos
and she was demonetised she had about
fifty five thousand followers on
Instagram I guess is the is the latest
she had a few followers on YouTube and
YouTube cracked down on some of her
videos and she was very angry at YouTube
for that and so her dad called the cops
and said she might be going to YouTube
the cops obviously did nothing so just
like in parkland the cops are told over
and over and over there was no follow up
and this person obviously was unwell
okay I'm not going to sit here and
diagnose this person with anything but a
person who creates these kind of videos
there's some there's a screw loose okay
just in conventional terminology this
woman had a screw loose after this guy
the father called the police the police
called the family at 2 a.m. Tuesday to
say that this woman had been found that
everything was under control but hours
later this woman was dead of a
self-inflicted gunshot wound after
shooting three people and causing an
afternoon of Terror at youtube's
headquarters in an interview Tuesday
night with the Bay Area News Group this
woman's father said his 38 year old
daughter told her family a couple of
weeks ago the YouTube had been censoring
her videos and stopped paying her for
her content she was angry he said in an
interview it wasn't clear Tuesday night
what Mountain View police knew about her
history with YouTube a police
spokeswoman confirmed that officers had
found a woman of the same name asleep in
a vehicle early Tuesday morning in a
parking lot and the officers made
contact with the woman
the license plate of her vehicle matched
that of a missing person out of SoCal
the woman confirmed her identity and
answered subsequent questions at the
conclusion of their discussion her
family was notified that she had been
located so according to her dad his
daughter was a vegan activist and animal
lover as a youngster she would not even
kill ants that invaded the family home
instead using paper to remove them to
the backyard state records show she had
once established a charity called peace
thunder Inc which sounds fantastic to
educate people about animal cruelty
environmental pollution and other causes
says she's a left-wing activist within
Islamic background and choose a vegan
and she made weird youtube videos and
these videos are really weird and again
I'm not gonna show you the YouTube
videos because I don't think the future
channeling future shooters should have
it in their mind that the media are
going to give them the sort of coverage
they seek if they go and shoot people so
according to this woman she was actually
quoted by the San Diego union-tribune at
a PETA rally in 2009 outside Camp
Pendleton the People for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals and she said for me
animal rights equal human rights she
told her family that YouTube had stopped
paying her for the content she posted to
the site youtubers of course can receive
payments if their videos have been
monetized she was prolific on social
media she posted videos and photos on
Instagram Facebook YouTube it's very
weird
there's strange war cat video clips
graphic animal abuse videos and vegan
cooking tutorials but a bunch of her
latest posts show evidence of her
growing frustration apparently all of
her pages were taken down late on
Tuesday but for example in a March 18th
the Instagram post she railed at YouTube
quote all my YouTube channels got
filtered by YouTube so my videos hardly
get views and it is called merely
relegation this also happened to many
other channels on YouTube this is the
peaceful tactic used on the internet
censor and suppress people who speak the
truth and are not good for the financial
political gains of the system and big
businesses I recently got filter on
Instagram too and maybe it's related to
YouTube and YouTube staff asked to
Instagram to filter me here - and then
she recorded a video on january 28th
where she was complaining about her
perceived discrimination by YouTube she
said I'm being discriminated and
filtered on YouTube but I'm not the only
one they restricted my ab workout video
Aviva has nothing bad in it nothing
sexual
she has at least four YouTube channels
one in English and then others in Farsi
and Turkish as well so the original
story that was coming out of the police
department is that this was a woman who
was angry an ex-boyfriend and so she
went into YouTube and started shooting
up
place it is now clear or at least
becoming clear that there's not a lot of
evidence for this that it seems more
likely that she had a vendetta against
YouTube and she decided to just go and
start shooting the family apparently
came to california from iran in 1996 and
apparently this woman was living with
her grandmother and she was always
complaining that youtube ruined her life
so apparently she nobody knows where she
got the gun it was not a rifle i believe
i believe that this was a handgun and
that's what we know about this this
woman she would have turned 40 in two
days and again she is she had problems
it's very clear there's a woman who was
mentally ill right and she she said in
one video quote they want you to be
their sex slaves and not think outside
the box they designed for you your
knowledge is their enemy this is what
she said about youtube her family said
she's been making a living as a youtube
personality so here's here's what comes
out of this first of all the entire left
as soon as the shooting went down said
okay this obviously means we must have
gun control because when you're a hammer
everything looks like a nail
every single thing looks like a nail and
in this particular case the hammer
doesn't fit the nail because it's pretty
obvious that this woman had serious
problems it's not clear where she got
the gun yet we don't know the answer
depriving me of a gun would not have
deprived this woman of a gun at least we
don't know that a blank a gun
confiscation would have done that this
doesn't appear to have been an AR and so
this isn't gonna be top-line news for
the media for much longer than 24 hours
it would have been top-line news if this
had been an NRA activist it would've
been top-line news if this had been a
devotee of the ben shapiro show but
since this person is a weird person with
mental illness and left-wing leanings
and a Muslim background that means this
is not going to be news beyond you know
the next five minutes then the media is
gonna bury this one we'll get right back
to Parkland which has a nice narrative
the media can Guam on to ignoring of
course all the facts about what happened
in parkland were the FBI ignored
warnings in the local police ignored
warnings and then the shooting happened
anyway so look for this shooting to hit
the back pages in about five seconds
flat again because it doesn't promote
the agenda that folks wanted to promote
the entire Left decided that they were
going to jump immediately on this as it
was happening and this is one of the
problems with social media places like
Facebook and in YouTube and Twitter is
that people react immediately to all of
this stuff as soon as it happens right
as soon as it happens people are
acting without reference to reality so
Michael Ian Black is already tweeting he
wants to take away all the guns the
comedian is tweeting that he wants to
take away everybody's guns he's coming
for our guns why do we even have the
fact to know we don't have the facts but
the narrative must be pervade at all
costs and then folks on the right are
saying well maybe this woman was a
religious Muslim maybe it's a terrorist
attack based on the initial report that
it was a woman in the headscarf who
walked in so nobody actually waits for
the facts to come out it's important to
wait for the facts to come out because
if you don't wait for the facts to come
out you screw things up and in this
particular case the facts demonstrate
that once again we had a mentally ill
person who was basically being ignored
by the cops and the cops ins what
they're supposed to every red flag was
there she was she was the police were
told that she had a vendetta against
YouTube now the other thing that you may
see in the coming days is the media
tried to turn this into a defense of
YouTube's policies suggesting for
example that this woman was was egged on
by people who were angry at YouTube and
angry at social media that she was
angered because there are so many people
on the right particularly who talked
about the problems with D monetization
of video now in order to get to that
point they would have to ignore the fact
that this woman was in fact left-wing
and she's rallying with people for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals but that
wouldn't stop the left before the
reality is that every time there is a
shooting the left immediately swivels
and tries to blame it on the right this
goes all the way back to the JFK
assassination when the New York Times
attempted to blame right-wingers for the
JFK assassination even though JFK was
assassinated by a communist who may have
may or may not have been in contact with
the Cuban government they tried to blame
it on the right they suggested it was
America's collective guilt you may see
that emerge in the aftermath of the
shooting but now you know what you need
to know about the shooter and again it's
pretty clear this does not fit into the
narrative that the left would like from
all of this now what would have stopped
something like this presumably a gun
violence restraining order if she
obtained her weapon legally so some of
the stuff that Marco Rubio is pushing
and some of the stuff that's been pushed
by David French over at National Review
the policy that suggests that family and
friends could have gone to a judge and
said this woman should not have guns
because she's a danger to herself or
others that would have stopped her from
getting a gun what else would have
helped well if the police had followed
up and ensured that this woman did not
have guns after it turns out that she
was sleeping in her car and ran Singh
about YouTube one of the big problems
that we have in American society with
regard to the treatment of mental
is we act as though a person who rants
crazy things and lives in their car is
just exercising normal American freedoms
hey you don't have the freedom to sleep
in your car in public areas and you
don't have the freedom to be deeply
mentally ill in danger to yourself or
others and the ACLU has made a cause a
crusade out of ensuring that for example
homeless people get to sleep on the
streets in Los Angeles it's not this
person was not homeless presumably she
was living with her parents but she
clearly had some problems and when there
are problems like this again Jared
Lochner the shooter in in in the Gabby
Giffords situation the shooter in Aurora
Colorado the shooter in in in Sandy Hook
the shooter in parkland and all of these
people had serious mental health issues
serious mental health problems Virginia
Tech and there were warning signs and
people didn't do what they were supposed
to do in just a second I'm gonna get to
the other big story of the day and that
of course is regarding President Trump
and whether he is a target of criminal
investigation Robert Romo comes up with
some some interesting analysis but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over a policy genius so 71% of people
say they need life insurance but only
59% two people have coverage so that's a
pretty solid discrepancy a lot of people
who say they want life insurance haven't
bothered to go get the coverage so 12
percents of people are just
procrastinating they're just sitting
around they're not doing what they're
supposed to do and while you're
procrastinating policy genius was making
life insurance easier so now is the time
for you to go get your life insurance
okay just do it now before you die
because once you die it's too late to do
it and then your family's screwed so you
need policy genius it's the easy way to
compare life insurance online you can
compare quotes in just five minutes when
it's that easy putting it off becomes a
lot harder so you can compare those
quotes you can sit on the couch watch TV
you can compare quotes while listening
to this podcast policy genius has helped
over 4 million people shop for insurance
and placed over 20 billion dollars in
coverage and they don't treat just you
life insurance disability insurance
renter's insurance health insurance if
your care enough about it and if you
care enough about something to insure it
policy genius probably has a program for
you so right now go over to policy
genius.com that's policy genius calm the
easy way to compare top insurers and
find the best value for your no sales
pressure zero hassle when you compare
prices you save money policy genius calm
when it's this easy why not just do it
right now go over there head over there
policy genius calm okay
so meanwhile the other big news of the
day yesterday is that Robert Mueller
Muller I'm still confused as to how
we're actually supposed to pronounce his
name so for the sake of argument we will
say Muller right now
but Robert Muller who is the special
investigator who was tasked by the DOJ
with checking in to supposed Trump
Russia collusion in the last election
cycle he has now come out with some
information and suggested that President
Trump is not in fact a target of the
investigation when the the rest of the
laughs the entire left is is now doing
Bill Paxton from aliens game over man
game over they they just they can't
believe that Robert Muller isn't gonna
come in deus ex machina announced
President Trump from office with some
sort of criminal indictment here's what
the Washington Post reported that blew
up the internet last night special
counsel Robert a smaller the third
informed president Trump's attorneys
last month that he is continuing to
investigate the president but does not
consider him a criminal target at this
point according to three people familiar
with the discussions in private
negotiations in early March about a
possible presidential interview Muller
described from as a subject of his
investigation into Russia's interference
in the 2016 election
prosecutors view someone as a subject
from that person has engaged in contact
that is under investigation
but there is not sufficient evidence to
bring charges the special counsel also
told Trump's lawyer that he's preparing
a report about the president's actions
while in office and potential
obstruction of justice according to two
people with knowledge of the
conversations mala reiterated the need
to interview Trump both to understand
whether he had any corrupt intent to
