Rudy Guiliani provides a weak defense
for the President of the United States
Asia Argento is implicated in a me-too
mess of her own making and Al Sharpton
makes an astonishingly great TV error
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh man I hope you had a great weekend I
cannot wait to play for you al sharpton
'z weekend because it was spectacular
we'll get to that in just a minute first
let's talk about what you are eating for
dinner with your family so you're eating
out a lot I know you are and you're
spending so much money doing it not only
that you're missing out time that you
could be spending with your kids cooking
because it's a lot of fun to cook with
your kids well that is where blue apron
comes in everybody in LA is using blue
apron people all around the office using
a blue apron because they give you quick
and easy recipe options perfectly
portioned ingredients delivered directly
to your door
they make dinner quick easy and insanely
tasty you skip meal planning you get
straight to cooking with blue apron
enjoy the joy of summer with their
favorite grilling recipes they've
seasonally inspired ingredients in
mouth-watering grilling options for the
summer they have chicken with barbecue
sauce juicy cheeseburgers with spicy
slaw which sounds not kosher but
fabulous go check it out right now blue
apron has great recipes and it makes you
basically into a gourmet chef without
you actually having to be good at
cooking so check out this week's menu at
your first three meals for free at blue
aprons comm slash Shapiro Metz blue
apron comm slash compare to get your
first three meals for free blue apron is
indeed a better way to cook them and I'm
looking at some of these meals right now
in front of me they look spectacular I'm
extraordinarily hungry already so this
ad is bad for my health go check it out
right now blue apron calm slash up here
a blue apron calm slash up here and you
get your first three meals for free when
you use that promo code Shapiro okay so
there's a lot going on over the weekend
the big story over the weekend is that
the New York Times supposedly is about
to break open the Muller investigation
everyone very very excited because this
new report from Maggie Haberman and
Michael Schmidt both Pulitzer Prize
winners over at the New York Times
suggest that Don McGann who is president
Trump's attorney in the White House he's
the White House had chief attorney that
this guy spoke to the Muller
investigation and according to the New
York Times this means that Trump is in
for it now
finally Robert Muller is going to seize
president Trump in his clutches
just as the Christine brothers would
want the Christine brothers for folks
who don't know are these people who
basically become famous on Twitter for
tweeting incessantly about President
Trump and then they tweeted over the
weekend a cartoon of a buff shirtless
Chippendale Robert Muller which was real
weird then when people commented on it
they tweeted out buff sure it was
pictures of himself which is even doubly
weird the left is sort of obsessed with
the Muller investigation mega that
impression
New York Times is no exception so here
is what they write president Trump's
lawyers do not know just how much the
White House Counsel Donald F McGann told
the special counsels investigators
during months of interviews a lapse that
is contributed to a growing recognition
that an early strategy of full
cooperation with the inquiry was a
potentially damaging mistake
so at this point in the piece we still
don't know what McGann told the
investigators don't worry we never will
nothing in the piece actually says what
McGann talked to the investigators about
or why it would be so potentially
damaging to the President of the United
States according to the New York Times
however the president's lawyers said on
Sunday that they were confident that mr.
McGann had said nothing injurious to the
president during the 30 hours of
interviews but Mr McGann's lawyer has
offered only a limited accounting of
what mr. McGann told the investigators
according to two people close to the
president that has prompted concern
among mr. Trump's advisors that mr.
McGann statements could help serve as a
key component for a damning report by
the special counsel Robert Muller which
the Justice Department could send to
Congress according to two people
familiar with the discussions what this
suggests is that the Moller
investigation is going to come up with
nothing and then they're going to send a
report to Congress suggesting that the
president acted badly and while he
didn't formally obstruct justice which
is a charge that has a very specific
meaning and involves destruction of
evidence or attempts to intimidate
witnesses or some sort of witness
tampering or perjury the president
hasn't done any of those there's nothing
to actually show the president has done
any of those things
despite that they'll send a damning
report to Congress and then a Democratic
Congress will be forced to try to
impeach mr. Trump's lawyers realized on
Saturday they had not been provided a
full accounting after the New York Times
published an article describing mr.
McGann's extensive cooperation with mr.
Miller's office after mr. McGann was
initially interviewed by the special
counsels office in November mr. Trump's
lawyers never asked for a complete
description of what mr. McGann had said
according to a person close to the
president all of which actually speaks
to the idea that Trump didn't feel like
he had a lot to fear from Mullen right
he let his lawyer over at the White
House go and talk to Muller he didn't
have to do that he could have just
claimed an executive privilege he could
have claimed that there was an
attorney-client privilege he could have
claims a lot of things that would have
prevented McGann from actually having to
go talk with Muller into any of those
things which suggests that Trump doesn't
feel like he really has all that much to
hide and the nerd times continues in
this vein for a very long time means
that pages and pages of writing on this
and there's really nothing
comes out from it basically the only
thing comes out from is that McGann's
people are sort of leaking to the press
it appears that Trump setup McGann for a
possible destruction charge and so
McGann was talking to Muller that's
that's the suggestion in in the actual
article is that the the only thing of
relevance here is that McGann felt
pressured by Trump and therefore he went
and talked to the investigator so here
is here's what the New York Times says
in his article the time said mr. McGann
had shared detailed accounts about the
episodes at the heart of the
investigation into whether mr. Trump
obstructed justice in the Russia inquiry
some of the episodes like mr. Trump's
attempt to fire mr. Muller last summer
would not have been revealed to
investigators without mr. McGann's help
the article set off a scramble on
Saturday among mr. Trump's lawyers and
advisors the president sequestered and
his private golf club in Bedminster New
Jersey solicited opinions from a small
group of advisers and the possible
repercussions from the article the
president ordered mr. Giuliani to tell
reporters the article was wrong but mr.
Giuliani did not go that far in his
television appearances as we'll see
Giuliani went on national TV and said
the president really has nothing to hide
apparently Trump want him to go out and
say that the articles were wrong in all
of their major facts which apparently
was not true in the end is there a lot
here not really not really president
Trump lashed out on Twitter here is what
President Trump had to say about the
article he said the failing New York
Times wrote a fake piece today implying
that because White House Counsel Dan
McGann was giving hours of testimony to
the special counsel he must be a John
Dean type rat but I allowed him and
others to testify I didn't have to I
have nothing to hide okay so people are
picking on the fact that Trump himself
is suggesting that John Dean was a rat
for those who don't know John gene was a
White House attorney under Nixon he went
he talked with Watergate investigators
and it was very damaging to President
Nixon but what Trump is actually saying
here is people are jumping all over him
for this he's not wrong right he allowed
Tom McGann to go and testify now people
are saying at the New Times that Trump
did this basically because he's ignorant
and so he allowed him again to talk to
Muller but again so what does the that's
the opposite of obstruction that's him
actually allowing his own people to go
and talk with them all our investigation
by the way half a dozen people inside
the administration have already talked
to the mother investigation like a lot
of people for hours at a time and you
know what I'm not sure they're gonna
come up with anything but Trump is
frustrated and I think that that's
not completely off the off the rails he
continues along these lines he says
they've demanded transparency said the
rigged and disgusting witch-hunt can
come to a close so many lives have been
ruined over nothing McCarthyism at its
worst yet Miller and his gang of Dems
refused to look at the real crimes on
the other side media is even worse again
I understand why Trump is upset about
this he said my lawyer went and talked
to Muller and you guys are yelling at me
for that and saying that I'm obstructing
even though my guy went and talked yeah
I don't think Trump is wrong I don't
think Trump is wrong again the the the
the sort of implication that Trump is
trying to hide something when he allows
his counsel to go and talk with with the
Muller investigation is a weird one
nonetheless Rudy Giuliani was out there
making the rounds and sort of
demonstrating that Trump was is upset
about the media coverage and Giuliani is
just not a good representative for the
president this is one of the big
problems with representing President
Trump is that every attorney who has
ever represented Trump ends up being
undercut by Trump Trump goes on Twitter
and then blasts out what he thinks
anyway Rudy Giuliani however makes
things worse Ryu Leon E is sort of the
straw that stirs the drink when it comes
to media coverage he was talking about
McGann and he makes a good point about
McGann and then he gets to some much
worse points here's Rudy Giuliani over
the weekend with Chuck Todd of NBC you
don't know how to percent of what he
testified to tomorrow I think that
through through through John dad we have
a pretty good sense of it in John dad
yesterday said I'll use his words rather
than mine that McGann was a strong
witness for the president so I don't
need to know much more about that okay
so if McGann was a strong witness for
the President and McGann went and talked
to the special counsel and in the end
the special counsel has to prove
obstruction the fate not intent not
intent to obstruct actual obstruction
Andrew McCarthy makes this great point
over at National Review today
obstruction is an actual statutory crime
if you're going to prove obstruction you
have to prove that the president
actually took acts designed to stop or
meddle with the investigation there is
nothing to suggest he actually took
these acts he said stuff but saying
stuff does not constitute obstruction
the president has the ability to say as
much stuff as he wants he just can't
commit perjury and he can't actually
engage in witness intimidation that's
not the same thing hey Giuliani then
goes on he
says Robert Muller is panicking and this
time McGann League shows it here's where
Giuliani starts to shade over into a
little bit of dicey territory
it could be McGann and McGann's not
doing it and he would have done it a
long time ago if he was gonna do it
they're down to desperation time they
have to write a report and they don't
have a single bit of evidence okay so it
is very possible the Miller has no
evidence that New York Times report
however looks like a leak from McGann's
team
it looks like McGann is leaking to the
press that the reason that he talked to
Muller is because he was afraid of being
hung out to dry it would be weird if
that leak was coming from team Muller
they're just sentences in the report
that appeared that it makes it look like
it's from them again and then Giuliani
gets himself in the biggest trouble of
all now what Giuliani says in this
particular clip is gonna be wildly
misinterpreted I don't think Giuliani is
completely wrong but expressed in the
worst possible way and in a second I'm
gonna talk about why this sort of stuff
matters
and when you tell me that you know he
should testify because he's gonna tell
the truth he shouldn't worry well that's
so silly because it's somebody's version
of the truth not the truth he didn't
have a a conversation this truth I don't
be to go like I know it isn't truth
truth isn't truth the president United
States says I didn't truth isn't truth
mr. mayor do you realize what no don't
do don't do this to me okay here's the
problem with Rudy Giuliani what he's
saying is not wrong when he says that
there is such a thing as a perjury trap
that if I tell the truth in front of
Robert Muller I still may be brought up
on obstruction charges I still may be
brought up on perjury charges because
it's possible there are two people who
are telling different sides of the same
story and one of them sees it a
different way and therefore a perjury
charge emerges he's not wrong about that
but when he says sentences like truth
isn't truth that is not going to help in
any way Rudy Giuliani is just not a good
representative of the president when it
comes to this sort of stuff what he
should be saying is no lawyer worth his
salt would put his clients in front of a
vey motivated prosecutor determined to
rack that guy up on perjury charges or
obstruction charges no one would do that
particularly not a president who was
fond of speaking off-the-cuff so even if
the president is in general telling the
truth and he makes a slight slip-up
motors gonna grab him and not only that
questions can be asked that are
specifically designed to elicit
a particular response that makes you
subject to perjury a good prosecutor can
do this sort of stuff but saying truth
isn't truth obviously lends itself to
the idea that the Trump administration
is being deeply
dishonest about all the stuff now the
irony is that because the Trump
administration has been dishonest about
so many things regarding the Russia
investigation from the outset it's
obscuring the larger point which is that
Trump I think is probably telling the
truth when he says there was no
collusion but this stuff does have
consequences I'm gonna explain in just a
second first let's talk about whether
you got to go down to the post office
today the answer is you shouldn't have
post office a great place but you don't
actually want to be standing in line at
the post office what you want to do is
save your company time and money by
instead working from your office and
printing out your postage directly onto
envelopes on the stickers directly onto
onto a piece of paper that you can tape
onto your envelope it saves all sorts of
time saves you all sorts of money you
don't have to get in the car and go down
to the post office that's where stamps
calm comes in with stamps calm you can
access all the amazing services of the
post office right from your desk 24/7
when it is convenient for you you buy
and print official US postage for any
letter any package using your own
computer and printer and the mail
carrier picks it up you just click print
mail and you're done it could not be
easier to reuse stamps calm here at the
Daily wire offices I use it at my home
as well it saves me all sorts of time
right now use Shapiro's promo code
Shapiro for this special offer it
includes 55 bucks free of postage a
digital scale and four-week trial go to
stamps calm before you do anything else
click on the radio microphone at the top
of the homepage and you type in promo
code Shapiro that stamps compro Michael
Shapiro when you click on that radio
microphone at the top of page enter
Shapiro and again you get up to 55 bucks
free postage a digital scale and a four
week trial stamps comm all the great
services in the post office directly
from your desk it's fantastic go check
it out
stamps comm use promo code Shapiro okay
so and why does any of this matter in
the end in the end it's all going to be
dependent on what Muller comes down with
so for all the media fomentation for two
years of media elimination all that's
gonna matter is what's in the final
report I have a feeling it's gonna be a
lot weaker than anybody thinks it's
going to be on the left I think that
it's still going to be damning of
President Trump in terms of his own
personal behavior and I don't think much
is gonna come out of it it's just going
to be a rien sort of a restating of
stuff people already knew the big
problem however is that when Rudy
Giuliani goes on TV and says things like
truth isn't truth all it's doing is
underscoring the dishonesty of the Trump
administration time and time again
during the Russia collusion
investigation the broader point that
Trump is making I did not
with the Russians to change the effects
of the election I think is probably true
because there has not been evidence
presented yet to show that the Trump
campaign actively colluded with the
Russians in shifting the election there
is attempt there is intent that's not
the same thing as active collusion and
coordination to violate the law in
pursuit of changing the electoral result
but because the Trump administration
because the Trump campaign was so
dishonest about the Trump Tower meeting
for example because Rudy Giuliani has
shifted his story multiple times
it makes Trump look dishonest and it
occurs to me what a problem that says
yesterday I took my wife for her
birthday glass blowing so we've never
done this before and and my sister
actually suggested this we'd like to do
sort of arts and crafts sorts of things
visit is a new thing we like to do kind
of experiences for birthdays and
anniversaries instead of me just getting
her a nice piece of jewelry
or in addition to me getting her a nice
piece of jewelry but in any case we
decided to go glassblowing and the woman
who's teaching the class is of course as
you imagine in Los Angeles somebody
who's very much on the left and we start
talking about politics because she
brings it up I was not all that
interested but she wanted to and so he
started talking about politics and she
started talking about what a bad guy
Trump was and I said but his policies
really haven't hurt you in any way in
fact the economy's been pretty good yeah
his policies are stuff that you kind of
