the Broward County Sheriff makes a
complete ass of himself high school
classmates of shooting victims take it
way too far and Democrats tried to
defend the FBI over the steel doughsay
had lots to get to i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
so here we are in beautiful scenic
Minnesota I'm speaking the University of
Minnesota tonight
I've been shuttled off campus to what
they call the cow college I guess which
is the agriculture school which is at
least a mile away I believe from the
main campus where I will be doing my
speech tonight I look forward to seeing
everybody there we'll talk a little bit
more about that plus I have some good
news for my producer Mathis in the stuff
that I like a little bit later in the
show but before we get to any of this
stuff first I want to say thank you to
our new sponsors over at Lending Club so
everybody needs a helping hand sometimes
a lot of folks who need a little bit of
extra money for wedding or you have
medical expenses or you have credit card
debt
well sometimes a little money can make a
pretty big difference and you can make
it happen over at Lending Club com so
here's what Lending Club does they give
you low ad access to low rates on loans
up to $40,000 for almost any purpose you
take control of your debt finance major
purpose purchase or make those home
improvements it's particularly good if I
already have credit card debt and you
want to take out a loan to get that APR
down for example it's easier than going
to a bank and offers lower rates than
high interest credit cards go to Lending
Club com enter how much money you need
and you can see if you're approved in
just minutes then you pick the offer
that is right for you and the money can
be in your accounts in just a matter of
days it is that simple for more than 10
years Lending Club has helped millions
of people with over thirty 1 billion
dollars in loan so here's how it works
go to Lending Club dot-com /ban and
there you can check your rate for free
this will not impact your credit score
so that's good news number one then
Lending Club com slash been lending
club.com safe and then it gives you a
bunch of different options and Lending
Club lets you know whether you're
approved for loaning a loan via Lending
Club so go to Lending Club comm check
you're right for Freeland and club.com
slash been and when you do you can check
your rate for free again this is the
best way that you can get one of these
loans that for less than $40,000 again I
have friends who've tried this for
weddings
I know family members who are looking at
it for various house expenses you don't
want to take all that out on a credit
card that can jump to 1 million percent
APR after three months of not paying it
that's why you go to Lending Club comm
slash Bend and you get loans through
Lending Club all loans made by web Bank
member of FDIC Equal Housing lender go
check it out right now Lending Club comm
slash been again there's not a better
way to get a loan than Lending Club
dot-com slash Bend that also want
know that we sent you alright so but
begin today with the news update on what
we now know about what happened in
parkland so we now know from the UK
Daily Mail then not only was everybody
around the shooter in parkland actually
calling the the police over all of this
we now know that the shooter himself
called the police on himself according
to the Daily Mail it has been revealed
that the Florida school shooter who
killed 17 people after he opened fire
and Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
called the police distressed after his
mother passed away just a few months ago
he called authorities just after
Thanksgiving saying he had been in a
fight and was struggling with the death
of his mother he said the thing is I
lost my mother a couple of weeks ago so
I'm dealing with a bunch of things right
now on January 5th a woman who knew the
shooter called the FBI tip line and said
quote I know he's going to explode she
said her biggest fear was that he might
resort to entering a school and just
start shooting the place up
four days later of course he did exactly
that so warning after warning after
warning after warning Scott Israel is
the is the sheriff of Broward County
who's made a complete fool of himself he
came out earlier last late last week and
he suggested that there weren't quite as
many calls to the house as he had once
been accused of apparently there are
people saying there are 39 different
calls to the house by the police because
of all the warnings about the shooter he
said no no no was only 23 only one
problem according to BuzzFeed that is
not true they say Broward County
sheriff's officials said in a statement
late Saturday they responded only to 23
calls involving suspected Florida
shooter or his family over the years but
records obtained by BuzzFeed news show
at least 45 responses since 2008 the
number of calls made over the years
involving the shooter or his family
according to the call records are nearly
twice the number publicly disclosed by
the department on Saturday night they
had released a statement pushing back on
reports they had been called to more
than 23 incidents released by the
department they also put out a statement
suggesting that it was not true as we
reported on Friday that or a CNN report
on Friday that there were four different
deputies standing outside the shooting
with their guns drawn refusing to go in
but then they admitted that they
actually did not know whether that was
the case or not
so just absolute malfeasance ridiculous
malfeasance the idea that anybody's
going to give up their gun because the
authorities are gonna take care of them
when the authorities clearly are not
taking care of them yeah good luck with
that good
but that now Second Amendment advocates
gonna sit around waiting for you to show
up when you prove that you can't even
show up to the school shooting when you
have an armed school officer there so
just to show how ridiculous this is
Scott Israel finally appears with Jake
Tapper on Sunday morning I was very
critical of Jake and his role in what I
thought was just an absolute debacle
last week on CNN they had a two-hour CNN
Town Hall with Dana lash from the NRA
and Senator Marco Rubio and Senator Bill
Nelson the Democrat who was a hero to
the crowd for suggesting that they
oughta ban all semi-automatic weapons
and I thought Jake did not do a good job
of handling that situation I thought the
thing was to set up from the beginning I
thought it was an emotional manipulation
move I thought it had nothing to do with
disseminating important information to
the public it was just a way to for
people to vent their spleen and ire at
Dana and at Rubio to people who had
nothing to do with the shooting while
completely ignoring Scott Israel Scott
Israel the Broward County Sheriff was
there too when as you recall he ripped
into Dana lash he ripped into Rubio he
suggested that these were the people at
fault not him he had done a wonderful
job well then it came out literally
within 48 hours that there was a deputy
on the grounds who did nothing that the
police department had gotten warning
after warning after warning after
warning nearly 40 times for more than 40
times according to BuzzFeed and did
nothing and he went on stage with Dana
lash and he ripped her up and down
knowing that the culpability was for
those part hits so on Sunday he comes
back and he does his sit-down with Jake
Tapper and Jake this time does a really
good job Jake grills him and Jake makes
him look pretty bad this exchange is
just astonishing Scott Israel the
sheriff of Broward County explaining
that actually in reality his leadership
was just amazing his leadership was
actually incredible Jake I could only
take responsibility for what I knew
about ie exercises my due diligence
I've given amazing leadership to this
agency leaders I've work yes Jake
this is there's a lot of things we've
done throughout this this is a you don't
measure a person's leadership by a
deputy not going into a these deputies
receive the training they needed maybe
they mention somebody's leadership
whether or not they protect the
community in this case you've listed 23
incidents before the shooting involving
the shooter and still nothing was done
to keep guns out of his hands to make
sure that there were
school was protected to make sure you
were keeping an eye on him your deputy
actually got failed I don't understand
how you can sit there and claim amazing
leadership okay but Scott Israel did
anyway I'm good for tapper for calling
him on it's too bad that they didn't
have this information before that Town
Hall when Israel was allowed to rant and
rave around the stage like a maniac
blaming everybody but himself
tapper went further than this he said
are you really not taking any
responsibility here he grilled Israel
for suggesting that that everything was
hunky-dory I hear his tapper going off
on Scott Israel again deputies make
mistakes police officers make mistakes
we all make mistakes but it's not the
responsibility of the general or the
president if you have a deserter you
look into this we're looking into this
aggressively and we'll we'll take care
of it and justice will be served are you
really not taking any responsibility for
the multiple red flags that were brought
to the attention of the Broward
Sheriff's Office about this shooter
before the incident whether it was
people near him close to him calling the
choice we got I mean really what the
hell is he talking about when when
Israel says that this is like the
president being responsible for a
deserter no this is not like the
president being responsible for a
deserter there you have an entire chain
of command and the deserter is punished
in some cases with jail time and in in
rare cases with actual death penalty in
this case not only was there one deputy
there there may have been four deputies
there who did nothing and again there
were dozens and dozens and dozens of
warnings if there were dozens of
warnings that there was an attack about
to happen a specific learning not just a
general warning specific warnings there
was an attack about to happen on 9/11
and the President of the United States
ignored morning after warning after
warning after warning that was brought
to him and all of his people did that
and then an attack took place and three
thousand Americans died do you think
that impeachment might be on the table
the answer is yes hey people were
talking about how Bush was was
neglectful of 9/11 based on one vague
warning that airplanes might be used for
a terror attack at some point in the
future one warning that I'm not even
sure Bush saw at any point he was ripped
up and down for that Israel's department
was told dozens and dozens of times 45
separate times that the shooter the
shooter himself called the police
department basically said stop me and
the police department didn't do anything
and there's Israel claiming that there
was nothing there what's even worse is
that Israel goes ahead and he says that
he's heard reports before the town hall
took place that his deputy
did not charge into the fray okay here's
Israel admitting that he went on
national television and by omission lied
to the American public repeatedly during
that special and tried to misdirect
attention away from himself this is I
mean this guy is just a despicable human
being here here he is did you know it
then did you know it Wednesday night it
was spoken about during that earlier
during that day I'm not on a time line
for TV or any news show we need to get
it right we need to get it accurate
we're talking about people's lives we're
talking about a community so he'd heard
before but he's trying to now talk about
what about people's lives and about the
community how about this how about you
go in front of the community and you go
on bended knee and you ask their
forgiveness for all of the the crappy
job that you did here it is just an
amazing thing that he says and it gets
even worse it gets even worse because in
just a second I'm gonna play you what
Israel said when he was asked about what
the department could have done
differently because it truly is an
amazing thing first
okay so Israel is asked about when he
knew that the deputies had not entered
he's asked again by tapper and again he
misdirects the question when did you
find out the deputy Peterson had not
gone into the building how soon after
the shooting did you know that not four
days we uh how many that's the Gators
looked I'm not sure he's not sure he
just didn't know it's just a mystery to
him he can't remember that answer means
that he knew before the Town Hall here
is the one that was really making the
rounds this particular response from
Scott Israel if this guy has a job by
the end of the week that is a blight on
the state of govern the state of
government in Florida and he can be
fired by rick scott rick scott the
florida governor who's a republican
who's come in for a lot of criticism
from israel has said that he wants a
full investigation before he fires
israel that's probably not the worst
move in the world considering that he
doesn't want the partisan blowback he
wants to be able to show case in point
exactly how israel screwed this thing up
so that israel can't claim it's a
partisan hit but if israel had any had
any sort of moral fortitude at all he
would step down obviously he does not
and this quote shows that he does not
look at this this is just astonishing so
israel has asked what he could have done
differently and his answer is just
mind-boggling is mind-boggling you think
that if the Broward Sheriff's Office had
done things differently this shooting
might not have happened
listen if ifs and buts were candy and
nuts you know
Oh J Simpson would still be in a record
books I don't know what that means dead
people and there's a whole long list of
things your department could have done
differently how could listen that's what
that's what after-action reports are
that's for lessons learn reports all for
if ifs and nuts were candies and butts
well what what is even talking about
what kind of what and Tapper says there
are 17 people dead I don't even know
what you're talking about here what are
you even saying and the answer is he
doesn't know what he's saying because
this is complete nonsense he's just
saying random crap because this is what
he's doing to avoid responsibility so
finally he's asked if he's going to
resign and of course the answer's no
he's not going to resign the people
responsible are the ones who took the
calls and didn't follow up on him as it
was with the FBI as it was with with any
with any person leaders cannot leaders
are responsible for the agency but
leaders are not expel responsible for a
person I gave him a gun I gave him a
badge I gave him the training if he
didn't have the heart to go in that's
not my responsibility so I gave her the
gun I gave the training I gave him the
badge but it's not my fault if he didn't
go and how about it's your fault if you
were told nearly 50 times what the
shooter was doing again all of this is
an attempt to misdirect now what's truly
astonishing is you would expect these
survivors you would expect some of the
victims to speak out against Scott
Israel and some of them are there are
some of the shooting victims who are
actually coming out and saying that this
sheriff is a coward and needed something
wrong these are not the ones however
that you're seeing in on CNN you're
seeing them on Fox News you're not
seeing them on MSNBC you're not seeing
them in the mainstream media nearly as
much as you're seeing for example David
hog or or Gonzales the the
seventeen-year-old girl who's been on TV
a lot you're seeing you're seeing those
people you're seeing people who are pro
gun control in CNN and MSNBC a lot but
some of the other survivors you're not
seeing nearly at all so for example
there's a father of a shooting victim
and he came out he said listen the
sheriff is a coward which is pretty
obvious that the sheriff is a coward
here his name is he was a trump
voter he's one of the ones who's at the
White House but he's not been covered
extensively on CNN one deputy that
worked there Peterson he worked there
and he's a coward
he was he stood by the door I know
what's a fact he he could have made it
to the third floor and saved all
victims if he wasn't some little I can't
even words can't even describe what the
way I think about him but I'm not trying
to think about that stuff because that's
just negative and I'm just gonna make me
toxic boof the father of shooting
victims saying the sheriff's deputy was
a coward which is obvious the church
himself has said that but the real
question is is that the sheriff's fault
a survivor a young student named Kyle
cash of he came out he says yeah of
course it's the sheriff's well why are
we even talking about random law-abiding
gun owners across the country instead of
talking about the sheriff it out to the
outrages me that on the CNN Town Hall we
had the sheriff who was virtue signaling
against the NRA and against guns when he
didn't even act properly the the armed
officer at school waited outside and
then him the sheriff and his men for
four minutes let my classmates die while
he sat outside and waited he didn't even
do his job properly and then he comes
around and turns around saying guns are
the issue when he failed to act properly
so unless of course is exactly right but
you're not gonna see how Kyle Kyle cash
you've getting the sorts of following on
Twitter that you're seeing the the other
students get so there are a lot of
people on the Left who are who are
promoting the the as I say I can't
remember her first name and Emma
Gonzalez I believe it's promoting her
saying look how many Twitter followers
she has Kyle cash who've currently has
let's see how many Twitter followers he
has like thirteen point six thousand
Twitter followers I think he is he's
from the school he was there but no
shocked of course no shocked that he is
not getting nearly the same coverage
that this and that Emma Gonzales is
getting she has as of today nine hundred
and sixty eight thousand followers on
Twitter helped along by her celebrity
friends who all want to push gun control
so you can see the differential and
attention being paid to particular
victim certain victims get lots of
attention certain victims don't get any
attention because certain victims say
the right things that the cameras want
to hear when one of those victims one of
the the witnesses to the shooting a guy
named David Hogg you've seen him all
over TV he's been very loud he's been
saying some pretty absurd things and
over the weekend he was on CNN with
brian Stelter and Dan Rather for some
reason he's a journalism student I guess
and Dan Rather was there to advise him
