we may be looking at war in the Middle
East John Kelly's nightmare is coming
true an Elizabeth Warren speaks to a
Native American group and it's pretty
funny I'll tell you all about a Ben
Shapiro show
so focus on ttis speaking in front of a
Native American group today sending some
serious smoke signals from her wigwam
about her future presidential run that
is not the mocking Native Americans by
the way that is me mocking Elizabeth
Warren's pretensions to be a Native
American she used that nonsense to
essentially become a professor at
Harvard Law School apparently and now
she's trying to use this Native American
group as a as a shield in order to
shield herself from accusations that
she's a liar about that Native American
heritage we'll get to all of those
things first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at Birch gold so in
times of great uncertainty look at the
stock market right now you see how
volatile the stock market is that's
because sometimes the stock market gets
volatile and that's why you should have
some of your assets in precious metals
that is what Birch gold is there for
they have a long-standing track record
of continued success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and you can contact
Birch gold group right now to request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals it's a comprehensive 16
page kit and it shows you how gold and
silver can protect your savings how you
can legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds into a precious metals
IRA if you choose to do so
get that no-cost no-obligation kit right
now at birchgold.com slash Benton that's
birchgold.com slash been again these are
the folks that I would trust there's a
reason why so many people trust them
with the precious metals investment ask
all your questions make sure that you're
comfortable with investing in precious
metals and then when you're ready talk
to my friends over birchgold.com / Ben
that is birchgold.com / band that / Ben
lets them know that we sent you
alrighty so I do want to get to all of
the issues in domestic politics a
shocking new poll that shows Republicans
now up in the generic ballot like
actually up in the generic ballot is
that's making a lot of headlines
Elizabeth Warren obviously making
headlines but I want to start today with
a story that people are overlooking and
that is we may have like a full-scale
war in the Middle East another one in
the very near future see when we decided
that we were gonna get rid of Isis that
was a very good thing but there's been
nothing to fill the gap and so what
you're ending up with now is essentially
six separate countries who are now
involving themselves in a Syrian war so
you've got Iran that's involved in Syria
you've got Israel that's in response
involved in Syria you've got the Syrian
government involved in Syria you've got
Russia involved in Syria you've got
Turkey involved in Syria there's a lot
of countries involved in a very small
space all of them fighting first
level of Supremacy of course the United
States is involved there at well as well
and all of this internation warfare
it could have serious external effects
so if you missed it over the last week
there was a major issue in which an
Israeli plane was shot down we talked
about this and Israeli plane was shot
down after Israel shot down a drone from
Syria it was an Iranian made drone and
Israel shot that down Israel flew in an
f-16 over Syrian airspace that was shot
down by a by a Syrian anti anti-aircraft
missile and then Israel said hey you're
gonna shoot down our planes here's what
we're gonna do to you
and they legitimately proceeded to
destroy half of the Syrian Air Force
well was on the ground because don't
screw with the Israeli military I think
is the is the main message there they
went in in an in an air raid and they
destroyed half the Syrian air force on
the ground one of the things this makes
clear by the way is just how much of a
lie it was when Barack Obama said there
was nothing we could do in Syria to stop
for example the the gassing of citizens
of that country Israel in legitimately
an hour destroyed half the syrian air
force half of it okay if the United
States had wanted to under President
Obama after the original Bashar Assad
chemical attack we could have grounded
his entire air force nearly immediately
but that's not the extent of the
conflict at that point the Syrians
basically backed off of Israel and said
okay we're not interested in doing this
right now but that's really a proxy war
Syria between Israel and Iran because
Iran is funneling supplies to Hezbollah
a terrorist group in Lebanon through
Syria and they're moving all of those
supplies directly through areas that
Israel has been hitting meanwhile
there's the Syrian proxy war heating up
between the United States and Russia so
on Tuesday Bloomberg News reported that
US and Kurdish forces in Syria had
killed 200 fighters including a bunch of
Russian so Russian Russia has a bunch of
contract mercenary soldiers on the
ground over there and the Russians were
fighting on the side of the embattled
leader Bashar al-assad they attacked a
military base in the de year Azure
region of Syria on February 7th now
there is no congressional authorization
for American forces to be in Syria okay
this is why we actually need as Rand
Paul says we need congressional
authorization if we're gonna be there
then we ought to have Congress authorize
it the American people ought to be clear
about what exactly our goals are there
is it to solidify is it to preserve the
status quo why exactly we're there why
our men and women in harm's
way what why are we spending our cash
there the Russians however actually
attacked a us run base essentially
there's a US force station with Syrian
democratic forces on a base and then and
those troops responded with artillery
fire and air strikes and 200-300
Russians were apparently killed in that
assault many of them were taken back to
Moscow and treated now the Russians are
denying that Russian forces were
involved in the attack which at least is
a moment is a good thing right that's a
good thing because if the Russians were
interested in some sort of open conflict
in Syria they would be claiming that
America had attacked Russian soldiers
but they want to pretend they're not
there in the first place so this remains
sort of a covert fight however major
Adrian Ron King Galloway is a
spokesperson for the US Department of
Defense
he said officials believed roughly a
hundred people were killed in the raid
though he said he couldn't speculate
about their nationality bloomberg
reported the number dead was closer to
200 the New York Times said dozens of
Russians were believed to be killed
CIA director Mike Pompeo this is Gordon
voxcom also refused to confirm specifics
when asked whether the US was
responsible for killing Russian contract
soldiers in Syria during the hearing on
Tuesday he said we have seen in multiple
instances foreign forces using
mercenaries in battles they'll begin to
approach the United States so again in
the last week we've seen Israel take out
half of the Syrian Air Force and we see
in the United States kill something like
a hundred Russian fighters apparently so
all of this is heating up in rather
rapid fashion and meanwhile on the
domestic political scene in Israel
Benjamin Netanyahu may be in some
trouble the Prime Minister of Israel has
now been indicted on a couple of count
on a couple of counts of bribery one of
those counts essentially suggests that
he was accepting gifts from wealthy
benefactors in returning for in return
for advancing their interests there's
another case that suggests that he was
trying to strike a deal that would have
given him positive coverage and you do
dejado note which is one of the major
newspapers in Israel in exchange for
hurting Israel hayom which is the Free
rival to idiot or not now when I find a
little more suspicious since the fact is
that Israel hayom is is very Pro
Netanyahu in the first place and it is
funded by Sheldon Adelson who's an ally
of beb√©s politically according to the
police in case 1,000 Netanyahu receives
champagne cigars jewelry and clothing by
demand and system and systematically
valued in about a million shekels which
is about 280 grand in American dollars
the gifts he received from the Israeli
American Hollywood producer Arlen MILCON
increased significantly once Netanyahu
was elected prime minister so there is a
case to be made against him in the media
case one of the problems in that case is
that one of the people testifying
against him is a political rival who is
a former news guy Yair Lapid he is now
in the opposition he wasn't attend
Yahoo's finance minister in the past and
he has been testifying against Netanyahu
bottom line is that in order for
Netanyahu to step down he's probably
gonna have to be convicted unclear
whether he actually would be convicted
in these cases and right now with Israel
under fire it's pretty unlikely that
Netanyahu is going to step down in the
middle of all this and what we're seeing
right now in other words is chaos across
the region and the Saudis the Jordanians
the Egyptians the Israelis are all
working hand in hand in order to try and
stop the impact of Iranian influence in
the region meanwhile Turkey is trying to
flex its muscles in places like Syria as
well as Kurdistan it is it is shocking
how the West has abdicated its
responsibility and part of that a huge
percentage that most of that is on the
Obama administration which went out of
its way to emboldened on which went out
of its way not to do anything with
Bashar Assad which went out of its way
to let Isis run roughshod throughout the
Middle East
at least until its latter days the Trump
administration has said a lot of the
right things on the Middle East but
they're not actually doing a lot on the
Middle East so whenever there's a an
uprising in Iran for example we say a
lot of stuff but it's not clear that
we're actually doing much of anything in
Syria right now we're doing a few things
but not enough that were actually
seriously involved and too much to say
that we're not involved at all at a
certain point we're gonna have to take a
harder position on what exactly we want
to see happen in Syria because otherwise
the chances of escalation here are
increasingly increasingly likely it's
increasingly likely that this will end
up spiraling out of control Israel hit
the Syrians the Syrians will hit Israel
Iran will be drawn in Israel go to war
with Iran a regional war like that would
look a lot like World War three because
Russia then might be drawn in on one
side with the United States on the other
all of that would be due to the
abomination of foreign policy that was
the Obama administration but if the
United States doesn't take some pre
clear active measures right now then
this thing could escalate out of control
pretty quickly and we would be dragged
into a situation that we really do not
want to be involved in in the first
place okay so I want to talk a little
bit about domestic politics in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over
at Skillshare so Skillshare is the best
way for you to increase your resume to
make your resume that much better right
it's it's a new year you want to make
sure that you are able to move up in the
world the best way to do that is by
increasing your skillset and that's what
skill share is for right skill share is
an online learning platform over 18,000
classes in design business technology
and more you can take classes in graphic
design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography you name
it they've got it so whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set start a side business or explore new
passion skills share is there for you
I've been taking the social media
marketing classes I know folks in the in
in this office of taking graphic design
classes I took a watercolors class which
relaxes me in the evening time skill
sure just has a ton of these courses
that are available for you so you're a
life well and learner that's why you
listen to this show Skillshare makes
that easy and they make it affordable as
well join the millions of students are
already learning on Skillshare today we
have a special offer just for my
listeners get two months of Skillshare
for just 99 cents Skillshare is offering
my listeners two months of unlimited
access to 18,000 classes for just 99
cents to sign up go to Skillshare comm
slash am hero again Skillshare comm
slash imperial use that slash up hero so
you get that deal right again you'll get
two months of skills for just 99 cents
which is a fantastic deal you can see if
you like it Skillshare comm slash repair
we'll start that two months right now
Skillshare comm slash up hero let them
know that we sent you as well okay
meanwhile when the domestic political
scene elizabeth warren apparently is now
speaking out about how she is a native
americans she's speaking to the native
american native indian conference of
some such or other i'm not sure what
exactly is the National Congress of
American Indians that's what it was she
made a surprise appearance at the
National Congress of American Indians
and apparently she was just she was
incredibly great I mean she was she was
just full-on regalia she showed up with
the headdress she showed up with it with
the smoke and peace pipe the whole deal
and again whenever I say things like
this is not because I'm mocking Native
American cultures because I'm mocking
Elizabeth Warren for appropriating
Native American heritage okay so here's
what she said to the Native American
Conference quote by all accounts my
mother was a beauty I know Elizabeth
Warren by the way and she is one of the
more obnoxious humans on planet Earth
by all accounts my mother was a beauty
she was born in eastern Oklahoma on this
exact date
stay in February 14th 1912 she grew up
in the little town of Wetumpka the kind
of girl who'd sit for hours by herself
playing the piano and singing my daddy
fell head-over-heels in love with her
but my mother's family was part Native
American and my daddy's parents were
bitterly opposed to their relationship
so in 1932 when my mother was 19 and
daddy had just turned 20 they eloped
okay so she doesn't provide any evidence
by the way that she is of Native
American heritage at all like known like
zero evidence and then she says this is
my favorite line
I get why some people think there's hay
to be made here you won't find my family
members on any rolls and I'm not
enrolled in a tribe right so she's
openly admitting that she's not enrolled
in a tribe that you won't be able to
find any of her family members on the
Native American rolls remember the
record-keeping for Native American
heritage is extremely good right it is
very in-depth which is why you can have
situations where legitimately the
government will come and take somebody
who's 1/4 Native American out of their
foster home and bring them back to a
reservation because of how good the
rolls are right but this is the best
part she says quote our stories are
deeply woven into the fabric of who we
are the stories of immigrants and slaves
of explorers and refugees have shaped
and reshaped our country right up to the
present day for far too long your story
has been pushed aside to be trotted out
only in cartoons and commercials so I'm
here today to make a promise each time
someone brings up my family's story I'm
gonna use it to lift up the story of
your families in your communities and
that last line there as Alex Griswold
says at free beacon right that is called
using the Native American community as
your political human shield every time
someone calls for Foca haunt us every
time president Trump watches it and
calls her Pocahontas every time that
happens she's simply going to shift it
and say Native Americans are so
important Native American heritage is so
important nevermind the fact that we
call her focused because she's been
lying about her Native American heritage
I mean she's as Native American as Shawn
King as black apparently okay the idea
the Shawn King by the way his father was
white his mother was white on the birth
certificate he says that his mom had an
affair there's no evidence that any of
this is true the same thing is true of
Elizabeth Warren she suggests that she
was Native American there is no evidence
that at all that Elizabeth Warren is
Native American how much of a joke is
her Native American heritage it's such a
joke that Elizabeth Warren used as
evidence of her Native American heritage
the fact that you submitted a recipe to
a cookbook called I kid you not
powwow chow that was the name of the
cookbook and the recipe
she actually submitted was a recipe for
crab bisque and which it turns out she
she actually copied from a copy of Good
Housekeeping or something it turns out
that crab bisque is not actually a
Native American heritage thing because
crabs are not wandering across the
fruited Plains of Oklahoma which is
where she is from so she's a joke but
this is what Democrats are gonna do
they're gonna do the intersectionality
pyramid all the way to the bottom which
is just insane and so they're struggling
Democrats are struggling right now
there's a pull out right now shocking
poll from the political morning consult
survey right this is not a survey that
is biased toward Republicans and
Republican it shows generic polls right
now among registered voters thirty nine
percent said they would back the GOP
candidate in their district thirty-eight
percent say would they said they would
support a Democrat twenty three percent
are undecided so Democrats still have a
pretty solid advantage across a variety
of polls according to CNBC an average of
recent generic ballot shows Democrats
with about a seven point lead according
to Real Clear Politics but that was
thirteen points at the end of last year
so they followed at least six points and
there are a couple of outlier polls now
that show that the Republicans are
actually in the lead or even it so that
is a that is a big piece of news also
the political consult poll should
morning console poll that shows a forty
seven percent approval rating for
President Trump that's about as good as
it's gonna get for Trump Trump's never
gonna break fifty but forty seven
percent is a very solid approval rating
for President Trump so despite the
attempts to beat him down over the Rob
Porter situation or the bleep whole
country's remark it's as I said
everything is baked into the cake except
the evidence of how the economy is doing
that is not baked into the cake all of
the character stuff is baked into the
cake with Trump so for example there's a
story out today that Michael Kohn who is
Trump's lawyer did in fact pay stormy
Daniels a porn star one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars out of his own
pocket supposedly out of the goodness of
