on Israel's 70th anniversary president
Trump moves the US Embassy to Jerusalem
we talked about the left's view of
Mother's Day and America's comedians
begin to wake up I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
since magnificent day over in Israel
where President Trump was not present
but Jared Kushner Ivanka Trump a bunch
of senators a huge contingent from the
United States is over in Jerusalem
celebrating the movement of the US
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem that
was something that was supposed to
happen circa 1995 but various presidents
had put it up Trump finally does not
we'll talk about all of that the
implications the riots that are
happening on the border of Israel first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at Birch gold so right now the
economy is doing really well thank God
it's wonderful and the dollar is very
strong which also is wonderful but
there's always volatility in the market
and this is why you should be hedging
some of your bets I mean anytime things
are going really well you should at
least have some of your money in
precious metals because you just never
know when the government starts to
inflate the currency or when there's a
bit of volatility in the market and it's
good to have that hedge that's why Birch
gold group is there they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau you can
contact Birch gold group right now from
quest a free information kit on physical
precious metals it's a comprehensive 16
page get revealing how gold and silver
can protect your savings it can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of risky
stocks and bonds or into a precious
metals IRA to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit go to birchgold.com
slash Ben that's birchgold.com slash bad
news that slash Ben so they know that we
sent you I have some my money in
precious metals and I use the folks over
at Birch gold group for that Birch gold
group it's the place to go when you're
interested in investing in precious
metals again you know the government is
in control of the levels of currency in
circulation that's always a little bit
dangerous which is why you should at
least put some of your money in precious
metals that's what Birch gold group is
for use that slash Ben's let them know
that we sent you okay so the big story
of the day obviously is that President
Trump the Trump administration they have
now moved the US Embassy to Jerusalem
they they unveiled in this giant seals
beautiful seal Ivanka Trump Jared
Kushner they were both there they both
spoke Benjamin Netanyahu spoke at this
President Trump did not attend but he
sent a message from abroad here's what
it look like when President Trump paid
homage to the new embassy in Jerusalem
today we officially opened the United
States Embassy in Jerusalem
congratulations it's been a long time
coming
Israel is a sovereign nation
with the right like every other
sovereign nation to determine its own
capital yet for many years we fail to
acknowledge the obvious the plain
reality that Israel's capital is
Jerusalem and we extend a hand in
friendship
to Israel the Palestinians and to all of
their neighbors may there be peace may
God bless this embassy may God bless all
who served there and may God bless the
United States of America okay Benjamin
Netanyahu the Prime Minister of Israel
he also spoke and so it was very
grateful obviously the president Trump
for making this move again this had been
approved by Congress as early as 1995 so
for 23 years okay it has been the law of
the land in the United States that they
come that the embassy was supposed to
move to Jerusalem Clinton chickened out
George V bush chickened out Barack Obama
chickened out Donald Trump did not and
finally the embassy was in fact moved to
Jerusalem which is just a recognition of
simple facts the only reason anyone
cares about Jerusalem or has ever cared
about Jerusalem is because the Jews
cared about Jerusalem first Hera's
Benjamin Netanyahu Prime Minister of
Israel talking about it we have no
better friends in the world you stand
for Israel and you stand for Jerusalem
thank you what a glorious day remember
this moment
this is history President Trump by
recognizing history you have made this
street and that obviously is true look
it's an emotional moment for anyone who
is Jewish
honestly like anyone who cares about
Judaism anyone is Christian and cares
about the New Testament anybody who
cares about the history of Jerusalem
this should be an emotional historic
moment because the reality is that the
fellow the fulfillment of Jewish control
over Jerusalem was achieved in 1967 the
fulfillment of the creation or
recreation of a Jewish state in Israel
is fulfilled in 1948 but the recognition
by the United States that this is the
reality puts to bed this idiotic myth
that somehow Jerusalem was not Jewish
okay there's an old tome utak story
about a bunch of rabbis who in the
aftermath of the destruction of the sent
the second temple or two temples in the
history of Judaism the first temple was
destroyed in 587 BCE and then it was
rebuilt just a few decades later and
then the second temple was destroyed in
70 and has never been rebuilt that was
destroyed in 70 CE II 70 AD there's a
story from the Talmud about these rabbis
who visited the site of the destruction
of the temple all these are very very
famous rabbis in Jewish law Rabban
Gamliel rabbi Eleazar Ben Azaria rabbi
Joshua and Rabbi Akiva and they there's
a story about them going up to Jerusalem
right after the destruction of the
Second Temple and they reached Mount
Scopus and they tore their garments when
they reached the Temple Mount they saw a
fox emerging from the place of the Holy
of Holies the kodesh Kadosh him the the
the place where they used to have the
Ark of the Covenant and the other rabbis
started lettuce started weeping and
Rabbi Akiva started laughing this is
from the Talmud and they said to him why
are you laughing he said why are you
weeping and they said they're more a
place so holy that it is said to have
the stranger that approaches it shall
die and now foxes traverse it why
shouldn't we weep and he said to them
here's why I laugh for it is written I
shall have bare witness for me faithful
witnesses Uriah the priest and Zakaria
the son of jariabek ayah now what is the
connection between Uriah and Zachariah
Jiraiya and Zakaria Uriah was at the
time of the first temple Zechariah was
at the time the second temple but the
Torah makes Zacharias prophesy
dependence on your ayahs prophecy with
Uriah it's written therefore because of
you Zion shall be plowed as a field with
Zachariah tis written old men and women
shall yet sit in the streets of
Jerusalem as long as your ayahs prophecy
has not been fulfilled I feared that
Zechariah's prophecy may not be
fulfilled either but now the Uriah's
prophecy has been fulfilled it is
certain that Zacharias
you'll be fulfilled in other words
there's a prophecy the temple would be
destroyed he can't have the prophecy of
the temple being rebuilt until the
temple has been destroyed with these
words they replied to makeva you have
consoled the sake of consoled this one
most famous stories in all of Tom utak
lore because the center of Judaism has
always been Jerusalem the center of
judeo-christian tradition from where
it's spring has always been Jerusalem
according to the Bible the first mention
of Jerusalem actually comes in Genesis
14 18 when Abraham meets the king of
Shalem and then in Genesis 21 22 14
Abraham names the site of his near
sacrifice of Isaac ara and that was at
the same place you put those together
Yahweh and shall aim is yerushalayim
which means Jerusalem this is the site
of David's Tower it's the site of
Solomon's Temple it's the city of
Hezekiah water tunnels have you never
been to Israel never been in Jerusalem
it's just an amazing experience you're
walking the streets that existed for a
thousand years before Jesus was walking
the earth I mean it's amazing these are
the streets that Jesus walked if you're
a Christian and for a Jew these are the
streets that were walked by they were
tried by Solomon it's an unbelievable
experience think of the oldest thing
that you know of in the United States
the oldest thing that you know of in the
United States is probably from about
1620 okay now go back 2,600 years okay
and you are talking about the stuff that
you're finding in Israel Jerusalem was
the eternal Jewish dream it is the
eternal Jewish dream the dream of a free
nation living in a land promised by God
the same dream as we have in the United
States is the dream of Israel is the
dream of Bar Kochba who revolted against
the Romans in 132 seee 60 years after
the destruction of the Second Temple and
actually used Roman coinage commenced
his own he took Roman coins can buy
these online it's really cool okay he
actually took Roman coins and he beat
the Roman coins to get rid of the logo
on the Roman coins and then over it he
put the logo of the Jewish temple with
the words for the freedom of Jerusalem
this is the dream of millions of Jews
over thousands of years Jews pray thrice
daily in 3 times a day we pray for the
restoration of Jerusalem it was the
dream of Mordechai Anielewicz who's the
leader of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising who
wrote at the end of his life right
before his murdered by the Nazis the
dream of my life has risen to become
fact Jewish armed resistance and revenge
are facts I've been a witness to the
Magnificent heroic fighting of Jewish
men in battle hey I helped write the
autobiography the memoirs of a Holocaust
survivor this Holocaust survivor went
through a fence he's actually lmv Saul's
cousin he went through outfits and he
went through
raising Scott and after the war he went
to Israel he actually had a visa to the
United States he turned down the visa to
the United States to go to Israel he
walked off the boat they handed him a
gun they sent him to the front lines of
Latrun which was on the bloodiest
battles in Israeli history and he helped
establish the State of Israel doing
behind the lines who work okay the fact
that Israel even exists is a miracle the
fact that Jerusalem is in Israeli hands
is a miracle the fact that Jerusalem is
an open city where you can worship as
you choose is a miracle
okay that's only because the Jews are in
charge of Jerusalem president Trump's
decision is not just a spiritually
resonant one it's a wise one politically
because there was never going to be a
deal between Israel and its enemies
until we recognized some basic facts on
the ground Israel is not leaving
Jerusalem the Jews are not leaving
Jerusalem they never have they never
will there's been continued continuous
Jewish presence in Jerusalem literally
since the inception of Jerusalem is a
Jewish City in the book of Joshua the
notion that there was ever a time when
shoes did not live in Jerusalem or when
it was important for reasons that were
non-jewish to begin is idiotic
hey Islam only built the Dome of the
rock on the Temple Mount specifically
for the same reason that they build
mosques on top of other holy sites they
knew it was a Jewish holy site they
built a dome on top of it doesn't mean
the dome should be destroyed obviously
but it does mean that to pretend that
Islam somehow predated Judaism in this
area is historically ignorant and
ridiculous
Judaism obviously is the foundation
stone for Christianity as well anyone
who loves history anyone who loves the
judeo-christian heritage of the West has
to understand the importance of
recognizing that heritage and that
begins with the word on the stones of
Jerusalem okay history exists and truth
exists okay when when Jews sat and
mourned and they said if I forget
Jerusalem may I forget my right hand my
right hand forget its cunning hey there
you didn't they meant it they meant it
you've never been to Jerusalem
honestly everybody should take a trip to
Jerusalem it's an amazing thing hey
Jerusalem has not been forgotten and it
will not be forgotten the Jews that were
nearly wiped off the planet are now in
control of the holiest site in Judaism
the tears have indeed turned to laughter
in the Talmud it says eternity refers to
Jerusalem Jerusalem is eternal the God
who made it is eternal as well and good
for President Trump from recognizing a
basic human truth good for President
Trump from recognizing the fact that the
Jews belong in Jerusalem and Jerusalem
belongs to the Jews to pretend that
anything else is historically ignorant
now the press are historically
not only are they historically ignorant
it's hard not to call the press
anti-semitic in the way that they cover
these these stories so at the same time
they're initiating the movement of the
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem Hamas
has initiated all of these riots all
this violence on the border of Gaza
now Gaza is in complete control chaos
hey Gaza is run by Palestinians it is
not run by the Israelis Israel has
nothing to say except for border control
about what happens in the Gaza Strip it
is a hellhole it is a hellhole because
Hamas is a terrorist group that cares a
lot more about murdering Jews than it
does about making the lives of its own
citizens better if there if anyone
wanted peace in the Palestinian
Authority or Hamas it would happen
immediately if they just said listen we
are now done with all the violence we're
finished now we're going to build up our
society let's open it up everything
would be open tomorrow that's not what's
happening if you've seen the headlines
today a lot of the headlines from the
press are all about you know 41
Palestinians killed in clashes with
Israel okay Israel is not clashing with
the Palestinians what is happening is
the camasta is delegating they are
sending a bunch of terrorists to the
border in an attempt to breach the
border it's pretty amazing I'll probably
show the proof of the two in just one
second and and I'll talk about some of
the media coverage which is just
egregious of this of the embassy move
it's it's astonishing how bad the media
coverage is and demonstrates where their
heads are at but first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over a texture so
if you're listening to this podcast you
are addicted to information I'm addicted
to information that's why I talk so fast
because I'm trying to get you the most
information in the shortest possible
time but when you are not listening you
need to actually be reading and the way
that you do that is you go to textures
the texture is the only app that offers
unlimited access to over 200 top
magazines including people the Atlantic
time Vanity Fair New Yorker you're
talking about the best reporting the
best long-form reporting in the country
and you have access to all of it through
texture hey Ronan Farrow is breaking
stories on a daily basis over at The New
Yorker and city you having to pay for an
issue of The New Yorker every month in
state and get their all their back
issues and you can get access to their
new issues with texture okay this is
true for the Atlantic and time and
Vanity Fair with texture you get
unlimited access to those 200 top
magazines and their back issues in a
single app anytime you want to explore
one you can and if you sign up right now
at texture comm slash Ben you get a 7
day free trial so texture calm slash man
try it free for seven days see if you
like it I promise you will to start that
free trial again go to texture comm
slash Ben to start reading the latest
shoes of your favorite magazines today
and the list is really long so you
should go over to texture and check it
out because it really is everything from
your favorite sports magazines your
favorite workout magazines all of it is
their texture calm / menus that / pens
they know that we sent you can get that
7-day free trial ok so now onto the
media coverage about the situation in
Jerusalem so quickly before I talk about
the media coverage in Jerusalem there's
a headline from the New York Times The
New York Times is egregiously
anti-israel they've been egregiously
anti-israel as long as I have been alive
and probably longer and there's an
amazing headline it says from David helm
held finger pain he writes Israel feels
pride but senses peril as u.s. moves
embassy and the and they're talking
about how it's it's really it's really
dangerous time for Israel and people are
really nervous about Israel ok here's
what it actually looks like in Israel
okay I need to show you this tape of
what it looks like in Israel right now
I'm Malkin al-huda this is clip 9 yeah
clearly people there are very torn about
the situation in Israel on the 70th
anniversary of its independence again
literally literally thousands of people
cheering in the streets of maconnais who
- Makani Judah is the biggest market
place in Jerusalem it's the street that
is completely filled and look that is so
typical of Israel right you see Orthodox
Jews and then if you see in the
background there you see an Israeli flag
mixed with a gay flag ok Israel is a
pretty diverse place pretty amazing
diverse place if you haven't visited you
really should I keep saying that but it
really is true
I was married there my wife this Israeli
her family is Israel last time we were
there actually is about 10 years ago
what we're gonna have to go trip I think
I think we're gonna have to take a trip
to Israel bring some my listeners along
so I think that would be just a blast
but the coverage of the situation in the
Gaza Strip is totally incredible and
totally biased against Israel so here is
the headline from The Washington Post
headline from The Washington Post
Israelis killed dozens of Palestinians
in Gaza protesting u.s. embassy moved to
Jerusalem well if you just read that
headline you might assume that Israelis
are killing protesters about the u.s.
embassy that people are just protesting
in the streets they're a little upset
and Israel's going out there and
slaughtering them out on us that is not
what is happening what is happening is
Hamas sent 40,000 people to the border
with Israel they're attempting to walk
across the border they're sending kites
that are on fire
across the border an attempt to start
brush fires in Israel they're throwing
Molotov cocktails and soldiers that are
throwing rocks at soldiers they're
hiding behind women and children's who
do so
this is what camasta is because they are
a terrorist group so that Washington
Post story is headline Israelis kill
dozens of Palestinians in Gaza
protesting u.s. embassy moved to
Jerusalem this is in the article itself
well some said they would abide by
official calls to keep the
demonstrations peaceful others talked
about their enthusiasm to break into
