the fallout continues from Michael Cohen
and Paul Manafort New York opens another
line of investigation into President
Trump and president Trump leaps into the
South Africa situation I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show see
normally they call it the summer
doldrums because not a lot happens but
then there was the Trump administration
and stuff happens all the time we're
gonna jump into all of it in just one
second but first let's talk a little bit
about our national debt it's 21 trillion
dollars and Counting that is at least a
large chunk money we owe other countries
or to our unfunded liabilities it's
greater than the entire economic output
of the United States so what is your
plan for hyperinflation if the stilts
fall out from under the economy you can
hedge against inflation in hedge against
uncertainty and instability with
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against uncertainty my savings plan is
diversified and yours should be too I
don't mean take all your stocks and sell
it for gold I mean some of your money
should be in precious metals as a hedge
against volatility in the market and
right now thanks to a little-known IRS
tax law you can even move your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver it's perfect
for folks who want to protect
hard-earned retirement savings from
future geopolitical uncertainty when you
look back historically what you see is
that when the bottom falls out of
everything else
Gold tends to safeguard savings Birch
gold group has thousands of satisfied
customers countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group right
now it's for us a free precious metals
information kit that comprehensive
16-page kit reveals how gold and silver
can protect your savings it can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds into a precious metals IRA if
that's something you're interested in to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Bend that's
birchgold.com slash bound the folks I
trust with precious metals investing
birchgold.com slash bone all right so we
are still living in the aftermath of all
the revelations about Paul Manafort
and Michael Kohn we begin today with the
sort of latest updates on the Michael
Cohen situation because Michael Kohn it
turns out is the greater threat to the
President of the United States then is
Paul Manafort to recap Michael Cohen
pled guilty to campaign finance
violations and he suggested that the
President had informed him and told him
to commit these campaign finance
violations he'd instructed him to create
all these shell corporations and avoid
going from normal disclosure routes in
order to pay off to separate women Karen
McDougal and stormy Daniels with whom he
had once had sex just before the
election in order to impact the election
now there are a couple of cases today as
to why this is not actually legal
violation one of those cases being made
by Bradley Smith I discussed this over
the last couple days he's a former
chairman of the Federal Election
Commission he has a piece over at The
Washington Post about this and what he
basically
argues is that it is not a campaign
expenditure when you are paying off a
former lover his rationale is that this
is a personal expenditure you may be
doing it for a variety of reasons maybe
you're doing it because you want to
avoid ticking off your wife that was
John Edwards his case he said that he
silenced real hunter remember the 2008
presidential candidate for the Democrats
he had knocked up a woman who is not his
cancer-ridden wife because John Edwards
is a piece of human trash and then he
had basically had his donors pay the
woman a million dollars to shut up that
ended up coming out he ended up being
prosecuted for it his case was that he
was paying off real hunter because he
didn't want to tick off his wife it had
nothing to do with the election that was
dubious he was tried on it there was a
hung jury and he ended up basically
getting off well that's sort of the case
that Bradley Smith is making he is
saying under the theory that then
candidate Donald Trump's personal
attorney Michael Cohen violated campaign
finance laws by arranging hush money
payments to women accusing Trump of
affairs the answer would seem to be yes
to the question of whether a business
owner running for political office
deciding to pay bonuses to him to his
employees would be a campaign
expenditure he says that that's a
problem that we can't equate everything
with a campaign expenditure everything
you do in your own interest or that
influences a campaign can't be a
campaign expenditure you decide to give
your employees a bonus just before the
election that's not necessarily a
campaign expenditure because maybe you
would have given that bonus to your
employees in the absence of the campaign
anyway Bradley Smith says regardless of
what Cohn agreed to in a plea bargain
hush money payments to mistresses are
not really campaign expenditures it is
true that contribution and expenditure
are defined in the federal election
campaign act as anything for the purpose
of influencing any election and it may
have been intended in hoped that paying
hush money would serve that end the
problem is that almost anything a
candidate does can be interpreted as
intended to influence an election from
buying a good watch to make sure he gets
to places on time to getting a massage
that he feels fit on the campaign trail
to buying a new suits that he looks good
on his abate stage yet having campaign
donors pay for personal luxuries seems
more like bribery than funding campaign
speech so he's making the case that
basically this is not a campaign
expenditure this is a personal
expenditure by the President of the
United States the test under FEC rules
is the so-called irrespective test the
irrespective test says would this
expenditure have been made irrespective
of whether the campaign was happening
and as I've argued I think that there's
a plausible case Trump could say I would
have made this
senator anyway because he has a long
history of pressuring women to stay
silent and paying women off to stay
silent back in 2011 he basically
threatened to sue in Touch magazine for
printing an interview with stormy
Daniels and they backed off and did not
print the interview with stormy Daniels
about her affair with then reality
television producer and star Donald
Trump
so Trump has a case on these grounds
there's a secondary case here and that's
the case being made over at Politico by
a bunch of legal experts they say that
Cohen's admission that he violated
campaign finance law while acting at
Trump's direction is far from rock-solid
proof that the president is also guilty
even if Cohn is being entirely truthful
some lawyers say the fact that Cohen did
something illegal doesn't mean Trump did
anything illegal said gen Barron a
longtime Republican campaign finance
lawyer Cohen said in court on Tuesday
that he acted at Trump's direction and
violated federal election laws by
arranging the payout to stormy Daniels
an adult film actress in the days before
the 2016 election to keep her silent
about what she said was an affair with
Trump a decade earlier Andrew gruel
however University of Iowa law professor
he says under the law it's quite easy
for two people involved in the same act
to have different criminal consequences
that distinction is particularly
critical in campaign finance cases
because the law limits criminal
prosecution for campaign finance
violations two instances where someone
quote knowingly and willfully defied
legal requirements so in other words if
Trump called up Michael Cohen and he
said dude I'd like for you to make this
go away and Michael Cohen says don't
worry I'll take care of it
that is not Trump being complicit in a
campaign finance violation because he
assumes that Cohen knows all the legal
requirements
if however Trump says to Michael Cohen
listen I need you to make this go away
and it doesn't matter if you violate
campaign finance law or I know that we
should shield this from public scrutiny
by using a bunch of shell corporations
and let's say Cohen has him on tape
saying all of that stuff then it looks
more like a campaign create a criminal
campaign finance violation Cohen said
under oath the most damaging information
that the President of the United States
committed a crime and covered it up but
that is not actually indicative that the
president has criminal intent so this
one lawyer Gen Baron says in order to
prove criminal intent you have to point
to evidence that the actors knew or had
reason to know than what they were doing
was illegal Trump can simply claim
ignorance and that may in fact be the
case that he is making right that may be
his strongest case he sort of made that
case a little bit yesterday we'll get to
Trump's response to all of this
so Trump has
of Defense's that are relatively robust
here defense number one I pay off limit
all the time this wasn't a campaign
expenditure defense number two even if
it was a campaign expenditure I didn't
know the rules because I have people
whose job it is to know that stuff and I
didn't order anyone knowingly to violate
campaign finance laws because why the
hell would I do that also a relatively
strong defense so ignorant and
sluttiness are the president's two
defenses and both are quite plausible
because the president gets around and
has for a long time and has paid women
to shut up for apparently a long time
and because the president is not exactly
a legal expert despite his own belief
that he is and president Trump is
actually a terrible legal crying because
he thinks he knows more than his lawyers
which is always the first mark of a bad
legal claim in fact if God could have
come up with a bad legal client in the
laboratory before putting him on earth
he'd look a lot like Donald Trump who
just will not let his lawyers do their
job
I'm Chuck Todd I actually asked lanny
davis trucks out over at MSNBC s lanny
davis was Michael Cohen's lawyer and
this is the great irony of course is
lanny davis was was bill clinton's water
back during the engagement scandal
tonight whipped sides and lanny davis is
now going after the president he is
asked by Chuck Todd if there's any
corroborate of evidence that Michael
Cohen is telling the truth that when
Michael Cohen says that Trump told him
to violate campaign finance law is there
any evidence that corroborates this he
rose Lanny Davis's answer does the SDN y
have physical evidence in their hands
that or is this still on Michael Cohen's
word versus the president's word if I
was trying to give you your answer Chuck
the answer is number one the Trump team
and mr. Giuliani have admitted that the
money was paid number two there is
physical and electronic evidence that
the money was paid to miss Daniels from
the Trump conduit who was mr. Cohen and
it's all documented okay but that
doesn't answer the question okay we know
that the money was passed along the
question is whether Trump had intended
to avoid campaign finance law and that
is not actually documented as what Lanny
Davis seems to be saying so just because
the money passed hands which we all
assume happened and just because Trump
told Cohen to solve the problem which we
all assume happened doesn't mean that
Trump actually had intent to violate
campaign finance line now the great
irony of the situation is that Hillary
Clinton was allowed to get away with
creating a
had server and then destroying
information on the private server
supposedly because she didn't have
intent that's pretty clear she actually
did have intent to destroy information
and violate the law but Trump probably
didn't have intent here and so by the
same standard he should probably not be
criminally liable unless they have
actual evidence that he knew that the
law was being violated and he said I
don't care go ahead and violate the law
anyway it also doesn't help that Michael
Cohen happens to be a particularly
sleazy liar and everybody sort of knows
it whether the newfound respect for
Michael Cohen's honesty is sort of
astonishing from folks on the left you
can see that folks on the left even
really don't believe Michael Khan they
think he's a liar and a screwball Lanny
Davis was on national television
yesterday and on NBC News and he
actually said that they'd open a legal
defense fund for Michael Kony ask people
to contribute and the audience started
laughing at him it's really funny but
could I just take one opportunity to
remind everyone that Michael Cohen has
suffered a tragic and difficult
experience with his family he's without
resources and we've set up a website
called Michael Cohen truths calm that
we're hoping that he will get some help
from the American people so we can
continue to tell the truth the audience
is that I don't know if you're ready to
donate Lanny but I we did check before
we went to air and honest against the
appropriate response by the way his
Legal Defense Fund is raised like
$150,000 it's raised a bunch of money
50,000 of those dollars apparently came
from the CEO of NASCAR first time an odd
reason that nobody can really explain so
all of that is good stuff again the
president has actually three pretty good
defenses Michael Cohen is a liar okay
fair enough Michael Cohen is a liar too
I sleep with every one of them pay them
off also a fairly good defense and
defense number three I don't know what
the hell I'm doing with regard to legal
stuff he's my lawyer it's his job to
know that stuff also a pretty good
defense so all of the talk about Trump
being necessarily legally on the ropes
maybe he is maybe he's not I mean he's
certainly more jeopardy than he was two
days ago but that's not it's not
indicative that this is sort of an
open-and-shut case
Bret Stephens of the New York Times is a
whole thing today about how Trump should
immediately be impeached the evidence
seemed quite there yet of criminal
action we all knew that Trump is is a
man who lacks character in a lot of
particular areas but that's not the same
thing quite as criminal activity I'll
get to the White House's response to all
of this
just a second plus and palm Anna for
updates but first let's talk about the
possibility of a natural disaster or god
forbid some sort of situation that
prevents you from having access to the
grocery store it's important that you
have some sort of emergency food supply
available in your house I mean the
government recommends the ought to have
some emergency food in your house that
you should have you should have water in
your house
and you ought to pay attention to that
because you ought to be prepared you can
trust my Patriot supply for that food
storage so you'll be ready for
earthquakes hurricanes long term power
outages and more Hawaii's about to get
hit by a hurricane apparently and you
know you hope that the folks there are
prepared for it you should be prepared
as well every person in your household
should have a two-week emergency food
supply from my Patriot supply these kids
are only 75 bucks right now
they contain ninety two servings of
breakfasts lunches and dinners take
action call eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or go to my
special website prepare with been calm
the food lasts up to twenty five years
in storage
meals compact and rugged slimline tote
as well only seventy five bucks
rest tonight knowing that you're
prepared order your food kits at eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen or prepare with been calm
that's eight eight eight eight o 31413
or prepare with been calm again eight
eight eight eight o 31413 or prepare
with been calm that ensures that you are
essentially protected against the need
for emergency food because you'll be
prepared prepare with been calm go check
it out right now so with all of this
said the strongest defenses the
president has are I get around I'm dumb
about the law Michael Cohen's a liar
right those are his strongest defenses
his strongest defense is not I am by
nature a truth teller that is not the
president strongest defense because he's
not okay be honest about this the
president is not known for his veracity
on a wide variety of issues he may be at
root a truth teller on some matters
political I think that's true but he
also likes to fib a fair bit and so when
Sarah Sanders got up Sarah Huckabee
Sanders yesterday at the White House
when she got up and she was asked
whether Trump is lying she got very
offended and it didn't play all that
great the American people because so
many people now look back at that
him on Air Force One saying he knew
nothing about these payments when in
fact we now know he knew everything
about this payment so has he lied look
again I think that's an ridiculous
accusation the president in this matter
is done nothing wrong and there are no
charges against him okay so he's done
nothing wrong there no charges against
him no charges against him it's a bad
defense he never lies a bad defense is
offensive to ask whether he lied he
literally was on air fireman what that
reporter says is true he was on Air
Force One he was asked about paying off
stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal and he
said I had no knowledge that any of that
stuff was happening that was not true
okay so that's not his best defense
again I've laid forth three separate
defenses for the president all of which
are fairly robust his best defense is
not I can't be indicted and I never lie
that's not his best defense but Sanders
said repeatedly that Trump can't be
indicted again he can't be that indicted
probably because he's presidents of the
United States but that's not a case that
he's not guilty of a crime there are a
bunch of other cases he's not guilty of
a crime but the statement that he can't
be indicted that's like saying well I
you know I was acquitted on a murder
charge and then it turns out actually
murdered the person I can't be tried
again because of double jeopardy well
that's true that is legally true it also
doesn't mean that you didn't necessarily
murder the person hears like OJ Simpson
clearly murdered Nicole Simpson he was
acquitted and he can't be retried under
double jeopardy if somebody were to ask
him Oh J are you in a sense of killing
your wife and he said can't be tried
again you might assume well maybe he's a
little bit guilty here is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders though saying the president is
innocent because he can't be indicted
which is which is again legally not
tenable as the president said we've
stated many times he did nothing wrong
there are no charges against him as the
president has stated on numerous
occasions he did nothing wrong there are
no charges against him in this the
