well Jimmy Kimmel is back and he brought
his baby and he used his baby for a
political prop and we'll talk about it
plus it is down to the wire in Alabama
Roy Moore rides it on a horse yes
literally to vote in Alabama today Plus
president Trump may have a better case
today against the molar investigation
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
[Music]
so I was just remarking to Malthus
before the program that all of life
should now be scored to yakety sax from
Benny Hill because everything is
ridiculous and it gets more and more
ridiculous each and every day we're
gonna talk at length about Jimmy Kimmel
who brought his baby again to use as a
political prop again I hate this again
so much again I will discuss all chance
I'm going to break it down for a no no
no not at night wait on it just wait
we'll get there but we're gonna get to
that we also get to Roy Moore who had a
very interesting close of the campaign
last night his wife got on stage and
talked about the Jews so we'll talk
about that and whether she was in fact
being anti-semitic not really but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Bull and branch so as I have
said before sleep and I are not friends
however bowl and branch is helping to
cure that problem because bowl and
branch sheets they are the best sheets I
sleep better at home that I do at a
hotel not just because I'm at home but
also because the sheets on my bed are of
top-notch quality Bowl and bran sheets
are breathable they are crafted from
100% organic cotton
that means they not only feel incredible
they also look terrific they are sold
exclusively online so you don't pay that
expensive retail markup half the price
twice the quality man you can try them
for 30 nights and see for yourself
you're not impressed you can return them
for a full refund anyone who sleeps on
these sheets loves them that is why they
have thousands of five-star reviews I am
among the people who review this with
five stars really the sheets are
terrific go to bull and branch calm
today you will get $50 off your first
set of sheets plus free shipping when
you use promo code Ben bull and branch
combi ll and branch com promo code Ben
you get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets Plus free shipping again bull and
branch com promo code Ben check it out
and you will be sleeping better by
tomorrow okay so we begin with Jimmy
Kimmel so Jimmy Kimmel trotted out his
child again last night
and I hate this more than I can tell you
when people do this hey I can safely say
because it has been scientifically
verified that I have the two cutest
children on planet Earth in fact I have
a child of three and a half years a girl
three and a half years old who is so
cute date last night
she actually started doing lines from
the room and no I'm not kidding she is
amazing but she also happened to have a
heart condition she had an open heart
surgery that was performed at the same
but all by the same doctor is jimmy
kimmel son and yet i do not routinely
trot out my daughter's stories whenever
i talk about health care what i'm
talking about Obamacare policy i don't
say and i know about this because my
daughter had her chest cut open because
they had to fix an ASD a hole in her
heart I don't do that because it's
stupid I don't do that because I don't
think that there's virtue in victimhood
I don't think that just because
something bad happened to you in life
that means that now you know more about
that thing than anyone else I think that
this this reference to personal
experience when it comes to policy
matters is actually the end of policy
because the reality is it's it's very
watered down form of identity politics
the reality is that politics is based on
the idea that I can talk about ideas and
you can talk about ideas because we can
sympathize with one another because we
can think what it would be like to walk
in one another's shoes without actually
having walked in those shoes if talk
about healthcare is restricted to only
those who've used the healthcare system
if talked about about about financial
systems is restricted to only those who
have worked in the financial system then
pretty quickly we are going to come to
the end of politics we can all have
opinions on matters of public policy
specifically because we have the
capacity as independent human beings to
think about what all of these things
mean for us and for others right the way
the politics is done is by shaping
policy around what we would think it
would be like to be another person we
don't actually have to have experience
that thing right you don't have to have
actually experienced the Holocaust in
order to think the Holocaust was bad you
don't actually have to have experienced
homophobia in order to think homophobia
is bad you don't have to have
experienced racism in order to think
that racism is bad all right all of
these things we can think about and come
to moral conclusions about without
actually having personally experienced
them this is one of the reasons why I
really dislike what Jimmy Kimmel does
whenever he brings out his child to talk
about healthcare policy so here's his
unsuspecting kid as his unsuspecting kid
had a second surgery last week I guess
he has one more when he's age six and
then he has done for life we can hope
and pray so Kimmel brings out his kid to
talk about the Children's Health
Insurance Program so children's health
insurance program is basically a
supplemental health insurance program
for kids who are poor and parents who
cannot take care of those kids properly
medically speaking it was sponsored
originally by Orrin Hatch for public
from Utah in the Senate in 1997
Republicans have been continuously
funding it ever since so have Democrats
and now there's a bit of a hold up in
terms of final funding for the chip
program but that is not because
Republicans are uncaring or unfeeling
yet that is what Kimmel says so Kimmel
brings out his kids to talk about chip
what does this kid have to do with chip
the answer is nothing
risky it has nothing to do with chip
right his kid is not on chip the fact is
the Jimmy Kimmel is a very very wealthy
man he has health insurance I am sure
through ABC but Jimmy Kimmel brings out
his child and he starts talking about
chip because for some reason the
experience of his child connects with
with chip in some way but you don't have
to show me a sick child in order for you
to make the case for chip whether it's
good public policy or bad public policy
but that's just with Jimmy Kimmel does
so here is Jimmy Kimmel jumping right in
and talking about Hawaii
his son surgery links up to healthcare
policy for poor people who are not him
or something chip is the Children's
Health Insurance Program it covers
around it comes around nine million
American kids whose parents make too
much money to qualify for Medicaid but
don't have access to coverage affordable
coverage that are jobs which means it
almost certainly covers children you
know about one in eight children are
covered only by chip and it's not
controversial it's not a partisan thing
fact the last time funding for chip was
authorized was in 2015 it passed with a
vote of 392 to 337 in the house and 92
to 8 in the Senate overwhelmingly
Democrats and Republicans supported it
until now now chip has become a
bargaining chip it's on the back burner
while they work out their new tax plans
which means parents of children with
cancer and diabetes and heart problems
are about to get letters saying their
coverage could be cut off next month
Merry Christmas right oh those evil
Republicans Merry Christmas on he talks
about how tax cuts are the real problem
with this right he says they let this
money expire while they work on getting
tax cut for their millionaire and
billionaire donors okay so this is this
is the shtick that Jimmy Kimmel is
pushing right now by the way they
so-called tax cuts for the millionaire
and billionaire donors okay we talked
yesterday about how the Senate botched
the bill if you make over six hundred
fifteen thousand dollars and you're
self-employed and you have like a kid
there's a good shot you're actually pay
more
taxes then you will makin money above a
certain amounts of money if you live in
a high tax state like California or New
Jersey but Jimmy Kimmel doesn't note
he's talking about and this is the
problem right everyone is sitting here
and the visuals matter so you're sitting
here and you are watching his very cute
child and that is a very cute child
right it's an adorable kid and you feel
terrible for that adorable kid as well
you should write I know I've been in
this situation I know what it's like to
have an adorable child who's had to be
cut open I get it
okay but what he's saying is pure
nonsense here okay what he is saying is
not factually correct
okay the House passed legislation last
month to fund chip for five more years
Democrats opposed it
Democrats opposed it on the grounds they
didn't like its funding mechanism it
passed the house anyway the Senate
Finance Committee passed a version of
that bill too they haven't figured out
the offsets from funding it why do they
need the offsets from funding it
they need the offsets from funding it
because in order for them to pass it
through the Senate without it being
filibustered you have to show that it's
not going to add to the deficit okay so
the Senate already is considering
pushing it President Trump last week
last week signed funding for chip that
will take it all the way through the end
of January 31st funded by the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services that
federal agency has been signing checks
to States for the last two months chip
is not going unfunded senator hatch
again the original sponsor of the chip
program has pushed forward the Kids Act
reauthorizing chip for another five
years as well Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell on Sunday said quote we
need to make sure the Children's Health
Insurance Program which is expiring gets
to panel before the end of the year
sound that people are wasting time on
tax cuts these two issues are completely
disconnected the tax cuts have nothing
to do with chip nothing but Kimmel is
trying to promote a narrative that isn't
even true and he's using his son to do
it which is just yucky okay it's just
gross the fact is again tax cuts have
nothing these are two completely
separate legislative efforts and not
only are they completely separate
legislative efforts what's hilarious
about this is the Kimmel is saying that
the Republicans are trying to hold up
chip because they're trying to help out
their millionaire and billionaire
friends they're taking money from kids
like Jimmy Kimmel Sonic's captive Jimmy
Kimmel some rapport and they're trying
to use that money to pay off all of
these super wealthy people you know
where the Republicans are trying to get
the money to pay for chip you want know
what they're trying get the money to pay
for chip where the offsets are for
high-income earners on Medicare in other
words they're trying to get it from rich
old people they're trying to take the
money from rich old people and make sure
young sick kids can get it and Jimmy
Kimmel is sitting there ripping on the
Republicans for it now again the point
of this is that optics and politics
means everything optics and politics is
the whole shebang and the fact that he
is willing to use his child for opticals
for optics like this I find it really
distasteful I think it's bad for the
country I think again that it drives us
to a place in politics where we can't
have conversations with one another
because if I say if I didn't have a kid
who had a condition would I be able to
critique Jimmy Kimmel when people pay
attention to it or if I were just
another conservative commentator if I
revoke Roe right who's not even
particularly concerned about all things
healthcare let's say our avec Roy and I
don't know I don't think I because he
has had a kid with a condition like this
but let's say that you're a full-on
expert in healthcare this is what you
did full-time right you worked over at
Cato Institute or at Heritage Foundation
and there's what you did full-time you
don't have a sick kid we're not gonna
pay as much attention to you as we do to
Jimmy Kimmel because Jimmy Kimmel has a
child who's who's playing with his thumb
while he talks I hate this stuff more
than I can tell you I think it's
opportunistic I think Jimmy Kimmel is
doing something morally bad here I think
it is morally bad to use your child's
condition as a as a lever in order to
promote your favorite policies
especially when your child's condition
has nothing to do with those policies
policy is about what's good for the bulk
of the American people it is not about
what sympathy level you can garner by
bringing out a cute child or a cute
puppy to me these this argument is no
different than if Nancy Pelosi would
start stumping for Obamacare and she'd
bring out a cute puppy and Stroke it
while she was talking and then every so
often referenced the puppy again not
because puppies and children are the
same I'm violently against this notion
right whenever people say that they have
a dog and it's their four-legged child I
just want to kind of kick them in the
ass but what is it but is what is
particularly ridiculous about this is
again the notion that Jimmy Kimmel what
he's saying is factually wrong but
somehow it's given added credibility and
if you look at the headlines today about
Jimmy Kimmel I'm gonna tell you what
some of the headlines say right on on
various outlets so USA Today joined by
his son Billy an emotional Jimmy Kimmel
makes the case for chip TV when Jimmy
Kimmel brings son to live for chip
funding plea daily beats Jimmy Kimmel
with son until delivery tear-filled
tear-filled plea for health insurance
Jimmy Kimmel and Billy blast Congress
for holding chip hostage according to
Deadline
Jimmy Kimmel brings out his son to talk
about how
okay at any point in here would somebody
like to point out the fact that
everything Jimmy Kimmel says about this
thing is actually not true like would
that be useful at any point do you
actually talk about the facts of the
situation are we just gonna be
bamboozled by the fact that he's
bringing out a cute kid again I can
bring out cute kids too
I'm not sure you'd make the show more
visually interesting if I were to have
my son and daughter on my knees while I
did it I just don't think that it adds
the political points I'm making very
much and I think it would be a cheap
political trick we have known for years
that politicians kissing babies is a
cheap political trick it is no less
cheap when a late night host brings out
his own baby in order to push a message
that has nothing to do with reality
okay so meanwhile today is the big day
in Alabama voters are heading to the
polls to choose between a pro-abortion
fanatic Tom Jones and an alleged child
molester Roy Moore so all the best of
America on display in Alabama today Roy
Moore apparently rode up to the polls on
a horse because we just have to signal
the cowboy and vest and cowboy hat I
really want someone to go back and score
in the score from gunfight at the OK
Corral with Kirk Douglas I think it'd
just be great okay Corral like we met we
may as well just go full-on here and the
closing pitch for more was interesting
to say the least
Steve banned and made the closing pitch
for Roy Moore he ripped into Joe
Scarborough he mocked joe scarborough's
college education he apparently said
that he got into better schools than joe
could have Georgetown and Harvard
there's only one problem with this line
of attack Joe Scarborough won to wait
for it University of Alabama yeah so
then I love Steve Benton jet-setting in
from Los Angeles I think the schmucky is
jet-setting in from Los Angeles
outsiders could not have any impact on
this race Steve Bannon from Harvard
Business School and Los Angeles and
Goldman Sachs and Joe Scarborough cannot
listen I'm not a huge Joe Scarborough
fan I've hit Joe on this program a
number of times but I'm Jones to the
University of Alabama dude and then
another speaker at the at the more of an
troll told a story that was supposed to
show how moral Roy Moore was it was
weird it was weird
the story is here it's the echos pretty
bad here one of Romans old Vietnam buddy
says that when they were in Vietnam
together they somehow stumbled into a
brothel they're a bunch of underage
girls there and Roy Moore too said let's
get out of here and this is the
exonerating tale for Roy Moore first of
all I would just say that I wasn't in
Vietnam so I don't know how often you
just sort of stumbled into a brothel but
beyond that weird story weird story and
then it got weirder so I'm gonna play
you audio of Roy Moore's wife who is
trying to rebut allegations that Moore
is an sematic I'm not sure who made the
allegations that Moore's anti-semitic
because I haven't seen a lot of
rationale for that allegation the only
odd semantic thing I saw in this Alabama
race was the attempt by somebody who's
allied with more I guess to put out robo
calls suggesting that there was a Jewish
Washington Post reporter Bernie
Bernstein who is calling around and
trying to pay people to tell tales about
Roy Moore that was pretty bad but I'm
gonna play you another weird piece of
audio we basically entered the twilight
zone in this race and thankfully it's
gonna come to an end by tonight we'll
find out whether Moore is the senator or
whether he's not first I want to say
thank you to our sponsor is over at
legacy box so the holidays are upon you
if you want to make you want to get a
fantastic gift for your parents like
this one makes a great gift for you and
your parents legacy box is this so what
legacy box does is it preserves your
memory basically you load legacy box
with your old tapes fill them pictures
audio recordings and you send it to them
they will get them back to you in a
couple of weeks on DVD or a convenient
thumb drive so all of those films that
are out there in the garage just
moldering
rotting all of those all of those VHS
tapes that you're never gonna be able to
use because you don't have VHS player
anymore you send those owns a legacy box
they send it back to you on a DVD or on
the thumb drive you don't have to worry
about getting those waterlogged boxes
out of the house if some sort of natural
disaster occurs or if you're moving and
said just grab your thumb driving you're
ready to go it makes all of those
memories accessible it means you're
gonna watch them more often it means are
gonna enjoy them more often it is a
fantastic gift for Christmas
particularly legacy box take care of it
takes care of everything and they
provide updates at every step of the
