there's a story nobody is talking about
but we will talk about it plus we will
talk about President Obama lying
repeatedly to the American public and
president Trump's gives the most
patriotic events ever in history of
humanity I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
bench Bureau Show
[Music]
so many exciting things happening in the
world we'll get to all of those things
but first I want to make an announcement
this Father's Day we are having a
special livestream this Tuesday June
12th 7 p.m. Eastern god-king Jeremy
boring of The Daily wire will host a
roundtable discussion with me Andrew
Clavin and Michael Mills and will
discuss all the elements and fatherhood
because all of us are fathers except for
Knowles and we can hope that never
happens because my god think of his
children but again that's this Tuesday
subscribers will be able to ask us
questions live if you subscribe that
means you can ask us a question of daily
wire.com and if you're not a subscriber
then you just tuned in to Facebook or
YouTube and watch us all hang out and
everyone else will smoke cigars and I
will laugh at them as they died of lung
cancer so check that out Tuesday June
12th 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific it's
a Lee Weyer calm also I want to say
thanks to our sponsor is over at bull
and branch so as I have mentioned a
thousand times on the show
I suck at sleeping I'm great at a lot of
things I mean I'm just amazing but
sleeping not one of those things
terrible at sleeping and that's why I
really appreciate a good set of sheets
end even know I appreciated a good set
of sheets until I tried a really good
set of sheets over from ball and branch
Boehm branch sheets are made from
organic cotton which means they get
softer every time they get washed and
you buy directly from bull and branch so
you're essentially paying wholesale
prices luxury sheets can cost up to a
thousand dollars in the store bull and
branch sheets are only a couple of
hundred bucks
everybody loves bull and branch sheets
three u.s. presidents plus the latest
person Bill Clinton is sexually
harassing probably sleep on bull and
branch sheets so you can check up on
branch sheets right now and get a
special deal 50 bucks off your first set
of sheets at bull and branch comm
promoted Ben that's bull and branch calm
promo code Ben again these sheets are so
good that we actually threw out of the
rest of our sheets in our house and
bought a bunch of other pairs of sheets
because they are just that good bolt and
branch sheets compro McCoy Ben and get
50 bucks off your first set of sheets
it's bol el and branch comm promo code
Ben go over there and check it out for
the special deal fifty bucks off bull
and branch comm promo code Ben to let
them know that we sent you okay so the
big story of the day is actually
courtesy of the Obama administration so
we've been hearing non-stop from the
media that President Trump is the worst
liar in history his administration just
lies and lies and lies and lies and we
here on the bench Shapiro show have
called balls and strikes when President
Trump says something that I don't think
is true I will tell you that I think
that he said something that is
true and I will hammer him if I think
that he did something wrong I'm happy to
do that because he's the President of
the United States and it is our job to
call the President on the of the United
States when he does something wrong but
one of the things that conservatives
find so incredibly galling about the
media coverage of President Trump is
that the media are so eager to use the
word lie about President Trump in every
possible context but they will refrain
in every possible context from using the
word lie about President Obama and they
did for years well turns out today his
stunning report from The Associated
Press the Obama administration shock of
shocks was lying to the American people
for years on end about helping out the
Iranian mullahs so when we talk about
President Trump lying when media talk
about it usually what they are talking
about his president Trump is fibbing
about his inauguration crowd or
President Trump is fibbing about a note
that he wrote about Donald Trump jr. and
a Trump Tower meeting something like
that something that really has very
little to do with governance per se
President Obama lied about key areas of
American governance in a way that
President Trump never has President
Obama lied repeatedly about Obama care
he said if you liked your doctor you
could keep your doctor that was a
complete lie and he kept lying about it
over and over and over and what's
hilarious is that the media covered for
him at the time I believe it was
PolitiFact that originally said that
that statement was half true and then
three years later when it turns out that
it was a lie all along they called it
their lie of the year which is just
incredible and demonstrates how biased
all of these sources are President Obama
lied repeatedly about his treatment of
illegal immigration he said 22 times he
did not have the executive authority to
unilaterally suspend enforcement of
immigration law and then what did he do
he unilaterally suspended enforcement of
immigration laws
he lied two dozen times about that issue
and the media basically let him get away
with it the Obama administration lied
repeatedly about Benghazi in the
aftermath of the murder of four
Americans in Benghazi and a terrorist
attack a pre-planned parrot terrorist
attack the Obama administration lied and
lied and lied first they lied but they
had not denied security then they lied
and said that the whole thing had been
caused by a YouTube video when it
clearly had not been caused by a YouTube
video they they lied repeatedly they
lied when it came to the IRS the Obama
administration lied on issues of serious
national policy they Trump lies because
that's what Trump does about silly
things on a lot of a lot of issues right
Trump will fib
for example about the Philadelphia
Eagles kneeling for the national anthem
and I'll smack him on it as I did
yesterday show but typically the stuff
that Trump lies about tends to be rather
small potatoes when you compare it to
the actual central policy ramifications
of the stuff that President Obama lied
about today's story from The Associated
Press is the most obvious example so
according to the Associated Press the
Obama administration attempted to
end-around its own sanctions in order to
give cash to the worst terror sponsor on
the planet so while the Obama
administration was pitching the Iran
deal while they were suggesting the Iran
deal was going to be some sort of great
savior of the moderates inside Iran and
at the same time saying that Iran was
not pursuing terrorism they had
sanctions in place but the Obama
administration was attempting to end
around those sanctions and they were
lying to the American people about it at
the time according to the AP quote the
report by the Senate permanent
Subcommittee on investigations revealed
that under President Barack Obama the
Treasury Department issued a license in
February 2016 never previously disclosed
that would have allowed Iran to convert
5.7 billion dollars it held in a bank in
Oman from Omani rial
into euros by exchanging them first into
US dollars if the Omani Bank had allowed
the exchange without such a license it
would have violated sanctions that bar
Iran from transactions that touch the US
financial system so in other words Iran
in order to use its capital has to
transfer has to transform it into Omani
rial these are very difficult to then
transfer into American dollars unless
there's a waiver and President Obama was
secretly pursuing just that sort of
waiver so basically what happened is
that the Obama administration went to a
bunch of American banks and tried to get
American banks to go along with
violations of American sanctions they
issue them a waiver and these banks said
no the bank said listen we don't want to
be caught up in the middle of this we're
not gonna run money for Iran on your
behalf only the fact that US banks did
not want to violate American law
prevented Iran from getting a TENS on
five point seven billion dollars more in
American dollars Senator Rob Portman
from Ohio he says what the Obama
administration misled the American
people and Congress because they were
desperate to get a deal with Iran so at
the same time that Obama was pursuing
this Iranian deal which was a garbage
deal from the very beginning they were
lying to the American people saying the
sanctions were fully enforced and that
they had no intention of becoming money
launderers essentially for the Iranian
regime at the very time they were
attempting essentially money-laundering
from the Iranian regime the Obama
administration repeatedly lied over and
over again about their supposed a
willingness to allow Iran access to the
US financial
system Obama Treasury secretary Jack Lew
even testified before Congress to that
effect which could amount to perjury so
what is Team Obama have to say about the
fact that they were trying to help out
Iran so Iran could avoid sanctions
passed by the United States Congress
held globally what was Obama saying at
the time well they were saying that they
weren't doing it and now what are they
saying unnamed Obama officials according
to the AP said they were acting quote in
line with the spirit of the deal so they
weren't in the acting in line with the
letter of the law they were acting in
line with the spirit of the deal which
is apparently to give away the store and
bend over backwards for the worst terror
regime on the planet they said the lies
were justified because they were
attempting to debunk arguments that team
Obama wanted to get even more
concessions to the Iranians so in other
words people were saying you're bending
over backward from Iran for Iran and so
team Obama lied about bending over
backward for Iran to prove that they
weren't bending over backward for Iran
yeah well done guys and some of my car
doing that Bill Clinton didn't lie about
sex with Monica Lewinsky he just wanted
to debunk rumors that he had sex with an
intern and it turns out the Obama
administration activity on behalf of
Iran went even further in March 2016 is
according to the AP is not a right one
news source according to the Associated
Press in March 2016 Obama officials
including the execrable Secretary of
State John Kerry quote fanned out across
Europe Asia and the Middle East trying
to convince banks and businesses that
could do business with Iran without
violating sanctions and facing steep
fines so the Iranians were complaining
listen you guys want us to sign a deal
with you and we have signed a deal with
you but we're not seeing the benefits of
this deal so why don't you go out there
and act as our PR agents and Team Obama
said sure let's do it let's go out there
let's be around friends well go out
there we will be there foreign ministry
and so the Obama administration was the
foreign ministry for the Iranian
government they talk about collusion
with Russia by the Trump administration
the same Trump administration that has
killed some hundreds of Russians in
Syria the same Trump administration that
is armed Ukrainian resistance with
lethal weaponry they talk about Trump
collusion with Russia
you don't say about collusion the Obama
administration was covertly playing
foreign ministry for the worst terror
regime on planet earth that was covertly
pursuing nuclear weapons as it turns out
there's another story in a second that
I'm gonna tell you the AP continues in
the same week the AP reported that the
Treasury had prepared a draft of a
license that would have given Iran much
broader permission to convert its assets
from foreign currencies into easier to
spend currencies like
yen or rupees by first exchanging them
for dollars in offshore financial
institutions the draft involved a
general license a blanket go ahead that
allows all transactions of a certain
type rather than a specific license like
the one given to a man's bank Muscat
which only covers specific transactions
and institutions the proposal would have
allowed dollars to be used in currency
exchanges provided that no Iranian banks
no Iranian reals and no sanctioned
Iranian individuals or businesses were
involved and that the transaction did
not begin or end in u.s. dollars in
other words they're going to cover this
up as far as it could possibly go but it
was the American government helping out
the Iranian government Obama
administration officials at the time
assured concerned lawmakers that a
general license would not be coming but
the report from the Republican members
of the Senate panel showed that a draft
of the license was indeed prepared that
was never published so in other words
they were pursuing it at the same time
they were lying and saying they weren't
pursuing it when questioned by lawmakers
about the possibility of granting around
any kind of access to the US financial
system Obama era officials never
volunteered that the specific license
for Bank Muscat and Oman had been issued
two months earlier so they lied about
this I mean this is perjurious stuff and
this is criminal stuff and yet the Obama
administration we were told that they
were honest they were clean as the
driven snow just absolutely pure and by
the way is the second deal this week
demonstrating the team Obama lied to
Americans about the Iran deal that
Iran's yield that Obama treasured so
dearly President Obama believed that
Iran should become a regional power by
granting it more power it would moderate
Iran an insane proposal but tied into
President Obama's misconceptions about
the nature of Shia Islam and the Muslim
world in particular and so here is the
second story that is a serious problem
for the Obama administration if anyone
cared in the media on Tuesday and by the
way I should but I should mention of
course the AP is reporting this so it's
not everybody in the media ignoring this
but why is that the media were so happy
to go along with all of these lies for
eight long years in only two years after
Obama leaves office we find out about
this on Tuesday the Iranian government
announced they've completed a new
centrifuge assembly at their Natanz
facility that's just a month after
President Trump killed the Iran nuclear
deal which is sort of suspicious since
we were assured that the Iranians had
dismantled all of their nuclear
capacities that the Iranians were going
to dismantle those nuclear capacities
for the next ten years and they weren't
going to be able to reconstitute their
nuclear program so quickly so here's how
the Obama fanboys in The New York Times
reported this odd development quote
while Ron said it would keep it
enrichment within limits set by the 2015
nuclear accord the center's opening
seems to signal that it could swing to
industrial level enrichment if that
agreement which the United States
withdrew from last month should further
unravel under the 2015 nuclear deal Iran
stopped enriching uranium to the 20%
limit they would allow for rapid
development of a nuclear weapon and
agreed to a limit of under five percent
it will adhere to that limit Iran's
supreme leader Ayatollah Khomeini said
in a speech on Monday yes surely the
mullahs who have been lying for
literally decades about this stuff would
not have lied to the Obama
administration I do love how the New
York Times tries to twist this into well
it's really Trump's fault I've Trump
hadn't pulled out of the Iran deal
they wouldn't fired up the centrifuge
facilities again the real question is
why is it that in a month they were able
to redevelop their centrifuges
I thought these had been dismantled I
was assured that the Iranians would not
simply snap back to a nuclear program
the minute the seal was over by
President Obama I remember him saying it
and yet it seems like that's exactly
what happened that's not the extent of
the lies there more lies than that first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at Barroso you're sitting on a
couch right now listening to my podcast
right well look at that couch like look
at it it's got the stains it's just
terrible it's probably the same so for
your grandmother died on well you don't
want to sleep on that thing anymore you
don't want to lie on that thing anymore
you don't want to sit on that thing
anymore instead what you want is a brand
new sofa that is just awesome and that's
where burrow comes in
hey bro sofas they're handcrafted in the
same factories in North Carolina as
other high-end retailers but burrow
actually delivers them for much less
cost with their innovative award-winning
design they've been Organon eclis
designed to allow for those multi hour
Netflix binges tripleheader game days
late-night work sessions the work
sessions are particularly important for
me because they actually have a USB
charger built into the sofa which is
awesome it's amazing nobody's thought of
this before and you can customize your
Barroso put a mattress style by
selecting the color size armrests height
and leg color that is perfect for you
shipping is fast and free unlike the
rest of the outdated furniture industry
so check it out enjoy 30 days of cozy on
your comfortable burro risk-free or try
out one of them at their partners
showrooms today go customize your own
burro and get 75 bucks off your order by
going to burro calm slash ben shapiro
this bu rrow comm / ben shapiro burrow
comm / ben shapiro for 75 bucks off your
order it's just awesome bro comm / ben
shapiro
okay so the extent of the Obama
administration's lies on Iran are pretty
extraordinary of course their biggest
lie about the Iran deal is that the Iran
deal was pursued because there was an
opening in the
oceans you remember that ben rhoades
remember that guy who is basically
sitting there in stunned silence during
the Trump election and it was hilarious
and wonderful remember that guy well
that guy spent most of the Obama
administration publicly lying about Iran
saying that Iran had now moderated there
was new Iranian regime in place that was
eager to reach out to the American
people and make a deal with the world
that was all a lie he went around
bragging to The New Yorker magazine that
there he'd created an echo chamber
strategy to anybody who would listen
right that he had used people like
Jeffrey Goldberg the new editor over at
the Atlantic who I believe is is it
wasn't pawn and Lackey for the Obama
administration Rhodes basically
suggested the same thing Rhodes said
that we were lying to everybody about
what was going on with you around zeal
they went ahead and did it anyway and
this is why so many people on the right
are so fed up with the media suddenly
getting harsh with President Trump now
listen I wish the media were just as
hard on President Obama as they've been
