sergeant bowe bergdahl goes free in
breaking news Plus Hillary Clinton
basically just gave up the Democratic
Party to Bernie Sanders and we'll check
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show all righty so breaking
news sergeant bowe bergdahl the guy who
just pled guilty to both desertion and
misbehavior before the enemy and could
have received life in prison instead
goes free he receives zero prison time
I'll explain just how a rageous this is
plus some comments from the judge that
are nearly as outrageous in just a
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at Birch gold so right
now the economy seems to be doing really
well there's a new economic report out
today shows unemployment is down to 4.1
percent stock market continues to rise
but the question is going to be what
happens when the bubble bursts because
the bubble inevitably bor√•s every 8 10
years there's some sort of economic
crisis in the United States
the last one was in 2007 so it's been
just a little while that means that you
should at least be hedging your bets a
little bit
I'm not saying take all your money out
of the stock market I'm not saying don't
invest in real estate I am saying take
some of your money and put it in
precious metals as a hedge against
inflation and again stock market busts
and that is why I trust the folks over
at Birch school to do just that right
now thanks to a little on the IRS tax
law you can move your IRA or eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
or silver or you can just invest in
precious metals by calling up my friends
at Birch gold birchgold.com / Ben that's
birchgold.com / Ben they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success but thousands of satisfied
clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau contact
them ask all your questions make sure
you feel secure and then invest some of
your money in precious metals that give
you a comprehensive 16 page kit
revealing how gold and silver can
protect your savings and again how you
can legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA birchgold.com / Ben
birchgold.com / Ben make sure that
you're diversified birchgold.com
/ Ben okay so the breaking news is that
bob bergdahl sergeant bowe bergdahl who
as you recall was treated as a hero by
the Obama administration was actually a
traitor or at the very least a deserter
he deserted his post while he was in
Afghanistan his fellow his fellow
soldiers some of whom I know and have
met some of them have told me that he
was a weirdo before that he wandered off
wander directly into the hands of the
Taliban he says he goes in trying to
join the Taliban whatever he was trying
to do they ended up basically capturing
him and keeping him in captivity for
several years President Obama then
traded five Gitmo terrorists in favor of
Bowe Bergdahl so he got wandered off his
post not only did he do that we had to
send out soldiers looking for him
because it seemed like he might have
been captured right not that he would
deserter but that he might have been
captured and six American soldiers were
killed in the process of attempting to
of attempting to get the guy back plus a
military dog as well that's according to
Mark Thompson over at Time magazine in
2014 he wrote then chances are you
haven't heard of the six soldiers who
died hunting for Bergdahl after he went
missing according to military officials
now that Bergdahl has been sprung
soldiers who served with Bergdahl
grumbling that he deserted and shouldn't
be hailed as a hero especially given the
resulting cost in American lives
Bergdahl himself pled guilty to
desertion and misbehavior in the face of
the enemy according to Politico today of
The Associated Press a military judge
has found that Bowe Bergdahl should
serve no prison time zero prison time
for endangering his comrades by walking
off his Afghanistan post the judge also
gave Bergdahl a dishonorable discharge
reduced his rank to private said he must
forfeit pay equal to one thousand
dollars per month for ten months a ten
thousand dollar fine for getting six
American soldiers killed because he
walked off duty really a desertion needs
to be punishable by tree I used to be
treated like treason right wife and
prisoner you're taking in front of a
firing squad you get your fellow
soldiers killed because you decide to
wander off your post and join the
Taliban or at least go and hang out with
them and you don't get any prison time
at all they just bust you down to
private and take away some money
according to Politico prosecutors that
starts if punishments because of wounds
to service members who searched for
Bergdahl after he disappeared in 2009
some of those wounds are really Grievous
there's guy in a wheelchair because the
Bergdahl the defense sought to counter
that evidence with testimony about
Bergdahl suffering during his five years
as a captive Taliban allies his
contributions to military intelligence
and survival instruction and his mental
health problems Bergdahl was 23 years
old when after five months in
Afghanistan he disappeared from his
remote infantry post near the Pakistan
border triggering a massive search
operation and then he showed up in the
hands of the Taliban and of course in
May 2014 he was handed over to US
Special Forces in a swap with the
Taliban here's what's most outrageous
about this
it's most outrageous about those pointed
out by John pod over a commentary
magazine this is just a few days ago the
New York Times reported quote the judge
in this case again named Colonel Jeffrey
Nance said quote I will consider the
president's comments as mitigation when
mitigation evidence as I arrived in an
appropriate sentence ok mitigation
evidence I mean that's insane so
basically what the defense was trying to
say is they were trying to say that
Trump was making statements about the
case and they talked about how Trump had
had made numerous statements during the
nomination and in the general election
about bowe bergdahl and the accused then
pled guilty and then he held a press
conference on October 16th 2017 and he
said I can't comment on Bowe Bergdahl
because I guess he's doing something
today but they're sending up sentencing
so I'm not going to comment on him but I
think people have heard my comments in
the past the defense immediately filed
for dismissal saying that Trump had
biased the case beyond measure and
therefore they should release Bergdahl
the judge that I'm not gonna release
Bergdahl based on that but I will be
taking this into account right he said
that he would take into account as
mitigation evidence what Trump had said
and pretty pretty ridiculous so they
they said that essentially he says at
the end of his little ruling he said I
will consider the president's comments
as mitigation evidence as I arrived in
appropriate sentence in this case
furthermore I will require anyone
involved in any way in the exercise
exercise of discretion in any post trial
aspect of this case to read the
statement from the White House press
office of 20 October 2017 before they
exercise that discretion unless the
defense requests that not issue that
order because on October 20th there have
been some statement from the White House
about all of this it was a statement
regarding military justice and instead
quote the president quote expects all
military personnel who are involved in
any way in the military justice process
to exercise their independent
professional judgment right and so the
judge said he wasn't going to take this
into account but he did take it into
account it looks a lot like the judge
basically said I'm not gonna release
Bergdahl because Trump did this but I'll
kind of release Bergdahl because Trump
did this at least that's that seems to
be the implication here pretty
horrifying stuff
Bergdahl no doubt will be treated as a
hero by the left in exactly the same way
that Chelsea Manning has been treated as
a hero by the left anyone who turns
against the US military is treated at
least by a segment
to the hole left by by a segment of the
more extreme left as somebody who has
done something worth celebrating and
bowe bergdahl I'm sure get a large
contract from some book company in order
to tell his story well the people who
were shot and wounded or killed
searching for him ends up you know with
nothing just just insane disgusting
stuff okay well meanwhile the Democrats
are in complete disarray one thing that
is very clear is that Bernie Sanders now
runs the Democratic Party Bernie Sanders
is the king of the Democratic Party he
lost the battle but he won the war he
lost in 2016 but he won the war because
now every Democrat goes on bended knee
to pay homage to to Bernie Sanders all
of his agenda items must be must be
treated with respect when he talks about
Medicare for all you have people like
Elizabeth Warren and people like Cory
Booker and people like Kamala Harris all
paying homage to to Bernie Sanders
priorities it's amazing how a loon bag
old socialist who's never passed a
serious piece of legislation in his life
was kicked out of a communist Evan TS
for being too useless for a commune
right that guy is now the leader of the
Democratic Party yeah it's no more
absurd certainly than Donald Trump being
the leader of the Republican Party but
it does demonstrate the loss of faith in
the parties themselves have led to the
takeover of those parties by outside
forces Sanders is an outside force Trump
is an outside force and this
demonstrates again that when you have
parties that have lost their way when
you have parties that don't have a
reason for existence they are
susceptible to being taken over it's
it's really obvious now that folks like
Elizabeth Warren are crowning Bernie
Sanders King and the only question is
what Bernie Sanders is gonna do with
that so here's Elizabeth Warren was
asked yesterday by Jake Tapper on CNN
whether Bernie was robbed in the 2016
election cycle by Hillary Clinton in the
DNC she had said you're the she said
last year that he was not robbed but now
she's switched her tune because
obviously everyone must now must now
bend before Bernie this is a test for
Tom Perez and either he's gonna
see by bringing burgers and Bernie
Sanders representatives into this
process and they're going to say it's
fair it works we all believe it or he's
going to fail and I very much hope he
succeeds I hope for Democrats everywhere
I hope for Bernie and for all Bernie
supporters they're gonna succeed very
quickly senator do you agree with the
notion that it was rigged yes okay so
suddenly she had ruses the notion that
it was rigged funny how that works right
five seconds ago five seconds ago she
was saying it wasn't rigged now she's
saying it's rigged does that sound
honest to you or is that sound like
playing political games does that sound
like she knows that Bernie Sanders is
the power inside the party this loon bag
old sceptic septuagenarian Socialist
from Vermont that guy the guy who who
you can find recordings out singing this
land is your land this land is my land
and his crazy voice really it's worth
it's worth watching we'll have to pull
out at some point that guy now runs the
Democratic Party so the question becomes
this is Bernie Sanders is Bernie Sanders
going to actually run for president
again in 2020 I think he would be a fool
not to I think that if he ran in 2020
he'd win the nomination and he would
likely win the presidency truly I think
that is that is a very high possibility
now he also has the possibility he could
sit outside and just become the patrons
of the Democratic Party he could sit
outside he could campaign for all the
candidates he could make them come to
him that may be his best move in certain
ways because then he gets to be the
leader of a movement as opposed to the
guy who's expected to actually implement
and Bernie's not going to be able to
implement a damn thing I mean Bernie
doesn't have the power he doesn't have
the the support of legislators in order
to do all of this but if he just sits
outside and he talks about all of his
socialist priorities and Democrats
mirror his socialist priorities he can
actually pose more of a threat from the
outside than he does from the inside but
it is very clear that the DNC is moving
in Bernie's direction Tom Perez who took
over the DNC from Donna Brazile we
talked about down in Brazil yesterday
the reason all this is coming up is
because Donna Brazile has a new book or
she says hillary clinton took over the
democratic party wholesale in august of
2015 long before she was the nominee now
Perez runs the party and he's just
trying to keep his head down saying
we're gonna move forward when he means
by move forward is follow Bernie down
that primrose path here well hey we're
moving forward we're building you know
I've been asked that question a number
of times since I started and one of my
goals here is the DNC chair is to make
sure that the nominating process
in for 2020 is a process that's totally
fair and transparent for everybody
that's what we're fighting for that's
what we will do and we're gonna set the
the primary debate schedule well in
advance of when we know who the the
candidates will be there we have to make
sure that everything is fair and open
and everybody has a fair shake okay so
that obviously he's now paying lip
service to Bernie Sanders amid all of
this one of the points that's worth
making here is it really is fascinating
how the 2016 election played out in
light of the fact that Hillary Clinton
was picking up all of Barack Obama's
bills at the DNC one thing that Donna
Brazile said in that piece is that
Barack Obama had run up twenty four
million dollars in debt against the DNC
and then Hillary Clinton came in and
back filled that debt well maybe that
was one of the reasons why Barack Obama
kept saying to Joe Biden he wasn't going
to endorse him because this was one of
the questions during the primaries what
if Barack Obama had endorsed Joe Biden
wouldn't buy them then have beaten
Hillary Clinton in the primaries and
nobody could really understand why it
was that Joe Biden wasn't getting
Obama's endorsement Obama had talked in
warm terms about about Biden he
obviously likes Joe Biden a lot you felt
that Joe Biden was it was a good support
for him and yet he was standing aside
and letting Hillary Clinton basically
take the lead it is not unheard of for
presidents to endorse their vice
presidents during the primary cycle that
is not unheard of it all in fact it
happens relatively routinely Obama
didn't do that maybe one of the reasons
he didn't do that is because Hillary
Clinton was basically signing the checks
for all of his bills a lot of Obama
consultants were still being paid by the
DNC with Hillary cash well all of this
was going on which shows how corrupt
Obama is if that's the case Joe Biden by
the way is probably gonna run again in
2020 but now Joe Biden could run into
the Bernie Sanders buzzsaw Biden is
still making the rounds talking about
Trump tweeting and all the rest of this
Trump had a long tweet storm today about
how the DNC is corrupt and how it should
be investigated by the FBI and the DOJ
I'll talk about that in just a second
but here is Joe Biden desperately trying
to cling to relevance we gotta stop this
tweeting we gotta stop this sort of you
know
it is so I tried to stay out of the mosh
pit the president I bomb and I haven't
but it's childish it's time to grow up
pretty amazing and so Joe Biden
continues to try and maintain his place
is a possible 2020 frontrunner now I do
want to talk in just a second about why
it is that this is a problem for the
Democratic Party and why it's gonna
continue to be a problem for the
Democratic Party Plus Hillary's
corruption still looms as a specter on
the horizon and why neither party will
let it go in just a second I also want
to talk about Republicans on taxes and a
big loophole that they created that's
kind of disastrous but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
the u.s. ECA so the u.s. concealed-carry
Association makes sure that you have all
the resources necessary to protect your
family you think it's just as simple as
having a gun in your house and being
able to use it when an intruder shows up
but there's a lot that happens after you
pull the trigger the police show up they
ask you questions if you answer the
questions wrong you could end up in
prison that's why you need to talk with
my friends at the u.s. CCA
they'll give my listeners they're
complete concealed carry and family
defense guide 100% free when you contact
them
it's 164 pages of life-saving
information you can't find anywhere else
that free guide helps you understand
confusing gun laws responsibly owned
in-store gun particularly if you have
small children as I do trained for
real-life scenarios survive the waters
of the legal system get everything you
need to know from the experts in one
convenient place go to defend my family
now calm right now and begin your simple
rewarding journey to concealed carry and
home defense confidence by the way if
you hurry right now you also get the
complete audio version and bonus home
defense checklist 100% free defend my
family now calm right now for free
instant access again.this defend my
family now calm defend my family now
calm
okay so again Joe Biden vs. Bernie
Sanders it's looking like the Battle of
the of the Walker riding Titans they're
just gonna beat each other with with
walkers with tennis balls at the end of
them and then they'll run against Donald
Trump who will also be in a walker it'll
just be wildly entertaining in 2020 but
Joe Biden looks like he will get the
short end of the stick he got it from
Hillary last time now it looks like he's
gonna get it from Bernie Sanders a big
problem for the Democratic Party because
all of the splits that pre-existed are
now going to be exacerbated Bernie
Sanders is not a unifying figure Bernie
Sanders is a very divisive figure inside
the Democratic Party the Hillary wing
still thinks she got
the Hillary wind still thinks she should
be president Hillary is still out there
defending herself the best thing that
could happen for the Democratic Party is
for Hillary to just disappear this is
why there's a concerted attempt now to
do away with all of the Hillary Clinton
people right Tom Perez five minutes ago
just fired the top DNC fundraiser
claiming that basically this person was
involved in the in the hillary stuff
they aren't explicitly saying that but
that seems to be the implication because
slow fundraising has plagued the party
Bernie Sanders is the only capable
fundraiser in the party anymore along
with Nancy Pelosi that's it all right so
the Democrats are now gonna fight an
internal battle Hillary continues to
