a bunch more bombshells breaking in the
FBI texting scandal Plus president Trump
wants a military parade and Democrats
are filibustering a government for a
government shutdown again i'm ben
shapiro there's the bench bureau show
yes many things are happening the
Democrats are claiming that the end of
the Republic is upon us why because
President Trump wants a parade you know
a shiny things and toys and tanks and
such it's gonna be awesome Democrats are
very upset about it however they say
it's the end of the Republic however if
we're gonna talk about the end of the
Republic and the destruction of
governmental norms I have a few notes on
that first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at upside comm so when
you book your business travel there is
only one good way to do it the way to
book your business trip is it upside
calm we use it here at the Daily wire
whenever I book I booked through upside
calm and when you do you will get a
better business travel experience that
you deserve and a free pair of Bose
Soundlink wireless headphones first
here's why your life you'll love upside
comm so first of all upside has
concierge service I mean we're talking
24/7 to make sure your flight hotel
rental car
although off without a hitch they're
available on demand by chat phone and
email whenever you need them only upside
monitors your business trip around the
clock they proactively keep you posted
on everything from the weather in the
city you're going to to changing your
flight home so you can adjust your
meeting schedule you don't get this
level of service with any other travel
website and right now you can get a free
pair of Bose Soundlink wireless
headphones all you have to do is go to
up side comm slash bend that's upside
comm slash Ben and when you book a trip
you get your Bose Soundlink wireless
headphones the headphones are available
while supplies last yeah it has to be
your first upside purchase and a $600
minimum purchase required which is
basically a round-trip ticket see the
site for complete details upside calm
and slash Ben that's upside calm slash
Ben again when you use that slash pen
you know that they let them know that
we've sent you and also you get the pair
of Bose Soundlink wireless headphones so
pretty good sweetener just for using a
site you should already be using for
travel anyway alrighty so the Nemec rats
are very very upset Chuck Schumer
sounding off Senate Minority Leader he
says that our government is becoming
degraded Republicans are silent about
Trump they won't speak up about Trump
and it's degrading our Republican
Republic is is just falling apart at the
seams here is Chuck Schumer for partisan
reasons the president and his allies in
Congress are systematically trying to
weaken America's faith in the rule of
law and to a large extent
sadly the leaders of the Republican
Party have been silent we
desperately need more of our Republican
friends to stand up and speak out
particularly the Republican leadership
because their silence is rapidly
becoming complicity in the denigration
of our republic so as you know from this
show one of the things I hate most in
politics is the sincere voice where
everybody goes down real low like they
mean it and that's we get from Chuck
Schumer it's a pretty good indicator the
person's lying to you when they go to
sincere voice if your spouse ever was
talking to you
they said honey I really took out the
garbage you can be guaranteed that the
garbage never was taken out it never
happened so these politicians are lying
to you but the Democrats are saying that
the the Republicans are destroying
governmental norms what was the big norm
that was destroyed yesterday by
President Trump the big norm that was
destroyed yesterday by President Trump
did the Trump says he wants a military
parade so according to cnn.com his ask
the military for a parade and the
Pentagon is reviewing potential date so
the White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders she said in a
statement trumpet ask the Defense
Department to explore the idea
she says President Trump is incredibly
supportive of America's great
servicemembers who risk their lives
every day to keep our country safe his
ask the Department of Defense to explore
a celebration at which all Americans can
show their appreciation and the
Washington Post reported last month that
Trump wanted a military parade
apparently he visited France and he
really liked the bastille day military
parade he said last September in a
conversation with with the president of
friends McCrone that when he came back
from France he wanted a military parade
on the 4th of July in Washington there
are a lot of people who are looking at
this and saying well what the why do we
need a military parade me number one it
cost a lot of money number two the idea
of tanks rolling down American civilian
streets when we haven't just won a war
we're not actually celebrating anything
or not on Memorial Day or not on
Veterans Day is kind of weird like you
just randomly do a military parade in
the middle of Washington DC so the Trump
can stand there and look over the troops
that he commands seems kind of not an
American thing like the last military
parade we had in the United States was
1991 that was after the Gulf War after
we won the Gulf War and George HW Bush
had a military parades who could
celebrate the returning servicemembers
we had a couple back in the 1960s we had
one under JFK there's one under FDR
which is really creepy because there's
like actually a giant head of F do
things I have a bust of FDR that was in
the parade it's all real weird well is
it something that I love the idea I
don't love
idea of this I love the idea of honoring
the military that's why we have two days
honoring both the following members of
the military and the members who
observed right we have Veterans Day we
have Memorial Day and we should all take
time out and we should pay homage to the
military that's something that we should
do on a regular basis but the idea that
Trump wants his military parade so he
can stand there and look over and I find
kind of weird again appreciation for the
military is one thing Trump wanting to
imitate France because look at all the
pretty Jets seems to me a little bit
weird as well is it however the end of
the world is it something where you look
at it and go this is destroying the
fabric of the Republic no no is it is it
a waste of time and money I kind of
think so is it something where you know
we actually need to do it is it
something in Trump is doing for his own
personal gratification kinda but is it
the the end of the Republicans we don't
know but doesn't matter rather the
Democrats naturally are going crazy
because they'll go crazy over over
anything
representative Jackie Speier from
California she says that Donald Trump is
clearly like Napoleon what's your
reaction to that idea I was stunned by
it to be quite honest I mean we have a
Napoleon in the making here and I
believe that we have so many issues
around the world in terms of preparing
for Wars that are ongoing and wars that
may be you know in the offing because of
what's happening in North Korea that I
would say that it's really a waste of
money
and I think everyone should be offended
by his need to always be showing he's
he's he's truly Napoleon like okay come
on come on just silly talk okay and then
Jeff Flake gets up yesterday on the
floor of the Senate we discussed the
president Trump had said the Democrats
or he joked the Democrats were
participating in treason when they
didn't clap for him in the middle of the
State of the Union which as I said was a
dumb remark he was obviously joking Jeff
Flake who is not running for reelection
in the Senate in Arizona because he
would probably lose he has now made it
his mission to go on the floor of the
Senate every chance he gets and say
things about Trump's that he can
presumably primary him in 2020 here is
the senator from Arizona I wish I could
stand here today and say that my words
of last October have been proven wrong
that I had been unfair to inveigh
against the daily Sundering of our
country that I had been mistaken about
the personal
tax that I had exaggerated the threats
against principles freedoms and
institutions the flagrant disregard for
truth and decency I have seen the
president's most ardent defenders used a
now weary argument that the president's
comments were meant as a joke just
sarcasm only tongue-in-cheek but treason
is not a punchline mr. president
okay so again is this over-the-top yes
is it is it listen shouldn't Trump have
said any of that stuff no but the idea
that Trump is degrading the Republic
beyond belief okay the election of
Donald Trump versus Hillary Clinton was
the worst choice ever okay remember all
the way that forget about what Trump has
done since that I like all his policies
the election between Donald Trump a guy
who is manifestly manifestly character
free in many ways and Hillary Clinton
the most corrupt politician in modern
American history that was not a good
election okay we're gonna talk about
stuff that degrades the Republic however
stuff that has real impact on the
Republic
we can't start with Trump saying stuff
about military parades or suggesting the
Democrats are treasonous for not
clapping for him as I mentioned
yesterday Democrats have said for years
that you were treasonous if you did not
sufficiently support Barack Obama's
agenda they said it over and over and
over they suggested the tea party where
actual terrorists for not supporting
Barack Obama's big spending agenda all
of that was stupid
none of it made any sense but nobody
said at the time this is the death of
the Republic they say it because it's
Trump and of course Democrats are going
over-the-top out all this stuff because
this this is where they think they're
going to win they think they're going to
win by just crying not normal over and
over and over Joe Biden did this as well
Joe Biden comes out and he says that
Trump is a joke doing everything that
Vladimir Putin ever wanted this is the
first president to make a full-throated
unvarnished attack on the entirety of
the FBI what do you think they're
thinking in Moscow this is doing
everything that Putin ever wanted I just
I I just marvel at some of the things he
says and does like what two days ago
anybody didn't stand up and clap for him
was on American and then maybe even
treasonous
they say it was tongue-in-cheek
Democrats can't take a joke well I may
say he's a joke he's Joe Biden obviously
wants to run in 2020 as well remember
Joe Biden is the guy who got up in the
middle of this
twelve election cycle and said Mitt
Romney wanted to put y'all back in
Chains but if that's not the definition
of treason you know if that wouldn't be
him calling Romney a traitor I'm not
sure what would be they wants to enslave
his fellow Americans this sense it's an
astonishing claim so Democrats are
claiming that Trump is destroying the
Republic but who is really destroying
the Republic who is really making the
the institutions of the Republic less
than credible well it really is not
Trump so much it really was the Obama
administration I have a lot to say on
this particular subject there's some
breaking news I want to bring to you but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at 1-800 flowers so you
know Valentine's Day is coming up and
you know you're lazy you know that
you're not gonna do anything up until
the day of Valentine's Day and then
you're gonna rush over to the local
grocery store and you're gonna pick up a
box of chocolates and bring it home to
your wife and she's gonna look at you
like this is all you did well that's why
you should instead be going over to
1-800 flowers calm right now they always
have my back in tight situations as I
mentioned when I went to the Superbowl
and my wife was not super fond of it
that meant it was a good time for 1-800
flowers to calm right now you can get 18
enchanted roses for only $29.99 18
enchanted roses for just $29.99 it's an
amazing offer from 1-800 flowers calm
it's a gorgeous bouquet featuring
radiant pink and red roses the perfect
Valentine's surprise she is guaranteed
to love and she will never guess how
good the deal was and that you didn't
spend that much money on her so if
you're just a cheap sob you weren't
gonna spend that much money on her
then you can at least get her something
really nice anyway and this one at 1-800
flowers calm is for they are the rose
authority to order 18-inch ants and
roses for just $29.99 go to 1-800
flowers com click the radio icon and use
promo code Shapiro's remember tease that
promo code Shapiro's so you get the
special deal Valentine's Day is almost
here you need to order today 1-800
flowers calm promo code Shapiro again
you get 18 enchanted roses for just
$29.99 1-800 flowers calm and use promo
code
Shapiro to get that done okay so there
is a bunch of breaking news that shows
who is really endangering the
institutions of the Republic and the
answer is it was the Obama
administration I mean there there are a
lot of problems that I've had with the
Trump administration but we talk about
destroying the institutions of the
American Republic there was so much
going on in the last election cycle that
was troublesome and before that for the
last eight years before that I mean I
wrote a full book on all of the
corruption inside the the
Obama administration called the People
vs Barack Obama it's worth reading but
in the last couple of weeks there has
been a letter from Lindsey Graham and
Charles Grassley a referral to the
Department of Justice and the referral
basically says a few things it says
according to Gabriel mailer is a lawyer
he says first that the October 2016 FISA
warrant application seeking surveillance
of Carter page disclosed did disclose
that the Steele dossier was compiled at
the direction of a political client it
did not disclose that it was compiled in
the direction of the DNC at the time of
that warrant application the FBI thought
Steele had not previously disclosed
dossier information to anyone but the
FBI and has quiet it turns out that he
instead disclosed to the media and so in
the original application they used both
the Steele dossier and a media report
based on a leak from Christopher steel
tube media the FBI believed that that
was Steele's first media disclosure but
it turns out that it was not and so they
fired him and they did not include that
in the in the warrant right subsequent
to April 2017 they did not include in
warrant renewal applications the new
information that still had previously
lied to the FBI about media disclosures
prior to October 2016
therefore all states quote instead the
post April 2017 applications still
relied primarily on Steele's credibility
prior to the October media incident so
we're still figuring out exactly what
was going on with the Carter page 5sy
application well we're still figuring
out exactly what happen with the Carter
page FISA application there's some new
information that is pretty damning as
far as how the FISA application process
works the most honest take here I think
is that the FISA application process is
deeply flawed since to the initiation of
the FISA courts which is back in I think
2000 to 2003 since the initiation of the
FISA courts there been a grand total
something like 21 FISA applications that
have been turned down by the FISA Court
so basically the FBI brings information
to the FISA Court and they rubber stamp
wiretap that's a serious problem because
in this particular case the information
that the wiretap of Carter page was
based on was really sketched not only
was it really sketchy it may have come
directly from Hillary Clinton sorry we
already know the steel dossier this this
dossier that was compiled at the behest
of fusion GPS which was being paid by
the DNC
that steel dossier was used as the basis
for the FISA warrant or as the primary
basis for the FISA warrants against
Carter page the
the DNC was paying for it but we're now
finding out that that wasn't the only
way that Hillary Clinton was funneling
bad information to the FBI or may have
been doing so according to a report from
Mark Hemingway over at the Weekly
Standard the FBI is now investigating a
second Trump dossier this one is
complete with information allegedly
compiled by a Clinton crony named Cody
sharor Natasha bertrand of the atlantic
says she's seen the memo and then it
covers quote a range of allegations
concerning the president's personal
behavior and financial transactions
according to Bertrand Obama's State
Department special envoy to Libya a guy
named Jonathan Winer passed information
from Shearer who is a Hillary buddy on
to British spy Christopher Steele was
busily compiling opposition research on
Trump on behalf of the DNC and Hillary
Clinton via fusion GPS so here's how the
chain of information went there's a
Hillary Cronin named Cody Shearer he was
working with Sidney Blumenthal sandy
Blumenthal is Hillary's hatchet man and
one of the sleaziest Liars in the
history of American politics Sidney
Blumenthal and Cody Shearer were working
to compile information that may or may
not have been false to hand over to
Christopher Steele they didn't just hand
it over directly to Christopher Steele
however instead they sent it to Jonathan
Winer Jonathan Winer was working at the
State Department right he was working
for John Kerry at the State Department
he was a Hillary staffer who moved over
to - John Kerry and so the State
Department then funneled that
information not to the FBI but to the -
Christopher Steele who included it in
the fusion GPS dossier which eventually
was forwarded to the FBI so it looks
like the State Department being
militarized on behalf of Hillary Clinton
to funnel information to Christopher
Steele who would then send it to the FBI
which would then look to target the
Trump campaign right that's what this
chain of information looks like as
really really dirty stuff a Hemingway
rightly sums up if the Guardian report
is accurate the FBI had better have a
very good answer for why it's looking at
information compiled by the likes of
Cody Shearer and if steal otherwise
incorporated shares information into
zone dossier it raises even more serious
questions about what the FBI knew about
the reliability and provenance of steals
information which all makes the page
Pfizer requests look shoddy or and
shoddy or if the FBI knew that steals
information came from Hillary's buddy
and was funneled through the State
Department that's damning stuff it looks
like the militarization of the State
Department and then perhaps of the FBI
