in a shock move Republican Speaker of
the House Paul Ryan will be retiring
Mark Zuckerberg gets grilled on the hill
and the Trump investigation continues to
proceed I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
so this week is crazy lots of stuff
happening this week the FBI raids the
presidents of the United States
personals lawyer personal lawyer's
office
two days ago and now the Speaker of the
House Paul Ryan announces that he will
not be running up for re-election and
that he will in fact step down from his
position as Speaker after the November
elections and that he will not run for
reelection meaning he will leave office
in January of 2019 that is a major
development plus Mark Zuckerberg goes to
the hill and gets it grilled in historic
fashion but before we get to any of
those things first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Lending Club so
we all need a helping hand sometimes the
reality is sometimes you just need a
little bit of money whether it's
unexpected repairs or medical expenses
or credit card debt and that's where
Lending Club comm comes in so Lending
Club gives you access to low rates on
loans of up to 40,000 bucks for almost
any purpose it's easier than going to a
bank and it offers lower rates than high
interest credit card so what you do is
you go to Lending Club com you enter how
much money you need and you can see if
you are approved in minutes and then you
pick the offer that is right for you and
the money can be in your accounts in
just a matter of days it is that simple
for more than 10 years Lending Club has
helped millions of people with over
thirty 1 billion dollars in loan so
right now go to Lending Club comm slash
Bend you can check your rate for free it
will not impact your credit score which
is great Lending Club calm slash bad
Lending Club calm slash Ben all loans
made by web bank member FDIC Equal
Housing lender and again this is a great
place to go if you are just looking for
a mid-range loan that is not going to
cost you an arm and a leg the way that a
credit card loan would and that you need
on short notice you don't have to go
through the entire Bank process that you
might have to go to if you went to the
bank for a different sized loan instead
you go to Lending Club comm and they
help you get access to low rates on
loans of up to $40,000 again its Lending
Club comm slash Ben and you can check
your rate for free right now use that
slash Ben so they know that we sent you
all right so the big breaking news on
this Wednesday is that Speaker of the
House of Paul Ryan has announced that he
will indeed be stepping down from his
position as Speaker of the House now
he's not going to do that until after
the election he also will not be running
for reelection in his district he
announced it this morning and here is
what it sounded like you realize
something when you take this job
it's a big job with a lot riding on you
and you feel it but you also know that
this is a job that does not last forever
you realize that you hold the office for
just a small part of our history so you
better make the most of it it's fleeting
and that inspires you to do big things
and on that score I think we have
achieved a heck of a lot okay so you
know Paul Ryan is of course going to say
that because he's leaving the truth is
that Paul Ryan has achieved some things
he has not achieved others his great
dream was entitlement reform he thought
that he was gonna be able to save the
country from the oncoming train that is
Social Security Medicare and Medicaid
collapse which will be happening over
the next 10 to 20 years that didn't
happen he did get tax cuts passed that's
a good move he was able to pass through
revocation of the individual mandate
which is obviously a good thing there
he's been able to get rid of some of the
regulations that the Obama
administration put in place through the
Congressional review act process he's
gotten a lot of flack as well and I have
a lot of thoughts on why it is that
speaker Ryan is going but first I think
we ought to review exactly what speaker
Ryan was because today you're gonna hear
a lot of people who are on the right
celebrating Paul Ryan going suggesting
the Paul Ryan going is gonna change the
way the Congress does business he was a
milquetoast he needs to go now listen I
don't think Paul Ryan ran everything as
well as things could be run how could
you
the man cut deals with patty Murray when
he was when he was not Speaker of the
House and then he cut a deal with
Democrats to to pass a 1.3 trillion
dollar omnibus package that there is no
excuse for passing but it is important
to note that for all of the bad bills
the Paul Ryan passed he also passed a
good bill that was rejected by Mitch
McConnell so I think a lot of the ire
that's been directed at Paul Ryan really
ought to be directed at Mitch McConnell
because here's how the process works
Paul Ryan would pass a very conservative
bill through a conservative house and
then it would go to the Senate and there
it would die and then Mitch McConnell
would pass a different version of a bill
and now the question was on Paul Ryan do
you steady stand fast do use helmets
McConnell that you're not gonna pass
anything the Senate passes do you tell
President Trump they're not gonna pass
something that he wants to sign or do
you go along to get along take the hit
on behalf of Mitch McConnell and now
you're seen as somebody who believes the
same things that Mitch McConnell
believes on spending and believes the
same things in terms of fiscal
priorities the president Trump does if
Paul Ryan can be faulted for anything
it's that he didn't hold Mitch
McConnell's and president Trump's feet
to the fire but let's be real about this
the same people who think that meant
that Paul Ryan is indeed a milquetoast
and a weakling would have been fighting
angry at him if President Trump had
gotten things on his desk they wouldn't
blamed Ryan anyway so in order of
priority for people who have not gotten
Trump's legislative agenda passed it
goes like this
Trump at the top of the list because he
has not had a solid legislative agenda
that has been pushed by the White House
in any serious way the turn over at the
White House has been too high the
turnover on topics has been too high the
president has not used his bully pulpit
to actually stump for legislation in any
real in serious way and he hasn't really
been part of the negotiations so the
buck stops with Trump this second on the
totem pole in terms of blame has to be
Mitch McConnell because Mitch McConnell
is the one with 51 senators and he's
been unable to get seriously
conservative legislation through the
Senate a third on the list is Paul Ryan
and yet people seem to have reversed
this polarity people seem to believe
that Paul Ryan is the real problem here
when he really is not and Mitch
McConnell is second on the list and that
Trump of course can never be blamed for
anything because we can't blame the
President of the United States when his
legislative agenda doesn't get passed so
how much of this is on Ryan I think some
is I think a lot is not second of all
it's important to note who is going to
take Paul Ryan's place so maybe it'll be
some money from the freedom caucus maybe
it'll be somebody who is more overtly
bloviating than than Paul Ryan Paul Ryan
is pretty polite guy maybe it'll be
somebody who's a more compelling speaker
more charismatic leader than Paul Ryan
and I would suggest that that's gonna
have to be the case because the high
likelihood is that the Republicans are
gonna lose the house in 2018 which means
that it had better be somebody who's a
fighter it better be somebody who's
going to try and obstruct Nancy Pelosi
agenda as much as humanly possible
considering the great likelihood is that
Paul Ryan will be succeeded as Speaker
not by another Republican but by Nancy
Pelosi which is a frightening thought in
all of its various permutations but the
person who replaces Paul Ryan you have
to wonder whether that person is really
gonna do a lot better than Paul Ryan
given the fact that Paul Ryan did not do
worse than John Boehner he did not do
worse than Jenny Hastert's he did not do
worse than late-stage Newt Gingrich to
be frank so all of the talk about Paul
Ryan being in the world's crap you
speaker I think is untrue I think that
he was the world's best speaker no I
also don't think he was temperamental he
cut out for the job I don't think Paul
Ryan wanted the job and I'm having met
Paul Ryan now I don't think that Paul
Ryan is is somebody who was fit for the
job because to be a good speaker of the
house requires a couple of things one
you either have to be a very canny
manipulator you have to be a Tip O'Neill
type you know the Democrat from the
1980s who manipulated his own members
manipulated Republicans
in order to get his agenda passed you
have to be very good at manipulating
people and fitting pieces together you
have to be more of a Mitch McConnell
temperament as sort of a turtle who's
able to slowly walk the legislation
through your house of Congress that was
not Paul Ryan or you have to be a great
visionary leader somebody who's
charismatic and who has an agenda that
is backed by your own caucus that was
mmm like Newt Gingrich in 1994 or Nancy
Pelosi in 2006 somebody who came in with
a whole list of agenda items that the
caucus agreed on and you could pass
those into law as fast as humanly
possible Paul Ryan obviously did not
have that sort of cohesion inside his
own caucus and he is also not a
particularly charismatic leader he's not
somebody who stands up and people say I
want to follow that guy into battle Paul
Ryan just was not suited for the job the
reason that Paul Ryan is announcing that
he's leaving right now there are a
couple of reasons one is because he
wants to spend more time with his family
but he could have announced this after
the election he could have waited until
after the election then announced listen
I'm not gonna be speaker anymore so I'm
leaving and I'm not interested in
running for reelection
I want to go home where I want my family
moved to Washington DC and I'll work for
American Enterprise Institute or
something
the reason they denounced this now is
twofold one Ryan knows that this blue
wave is coming ok the indicators are
very good the Democrats win the house
and it is quite possible they win the
Senate as well and the truck Schumer is
the new Senate Majority Leader and that
Nancy Pelosi is the new House Majority
Leader that she's the new Speaker of the
House rather and that sets up a really
bad cycle for going into 2020 which I'll
talk about in just a minute but if you
look at the list of Republicans who have
left hey it's a pretty sleng the-- list
of Republicans who are retiring this
term because they don't want to exist in
the Nancy Pelosi Congress ok trey Gowdy
is out Bob Goodlatte jeb Hensarling
rodney Frelinghuysen darrell Issa Lamar
Smith Ileana ros-lehtinen ret Lehtonen
charlie dent Dave record Pat's Barry
Franklin Lobby Ando Lynn Jenkins sam
johnson john duncan ted poe Dave Trott
Ryan Costello Bill Shuster Gregg Harper
Tom Rooney okay that's a list of
Republicans in the house who are
retiring this term and that doesn't
include the ones who are retiring
because of various scandals
there's a Republican in Pennsylvania who
retired over sex scandal there's a
Republican in Texas Blake Farenthold
who's retiring over a sex scandal okay
there are a lot of Republicans stepping
down because what they see is that the
polls don't look good so if you're Paul
Ryan and you're figuring okay we're in
serious trouble here right then we're
probably gonna lose the house and it's
really not because of Paul riding
they're gonna lose the house okay if
they lose the house the high likelihood
is because the President of the United
States has incredibly low approval
ratings and because Democrats hate him
with a passion equal to the fiery
burning passion and hatred of a thousand
suns okay they they hate President Trump
and that means that they're gonna show
up in November so if you're Paul Ryan
here's what you don't want you lose in
November and then everybody turns around
they say it's your fault Paul writes
your fault that you lost why would you
even take why would you bother sticking
around for that why would you bother
doing that instead Paul Ryan is saying
listen I'll keep fundraising but this
isn't this is not on me and I'm not the
one who has a 42 percent approval rating
in a time of a booming economy and no
serious Foreign Wars in the offing right
that's that's not me so I think that
Brian is making a political move and
that's why he is making the statement
now also he says and I think this is
probably true he doesn't want to lie to
his constituents about who's gonna serve
out his term because if he wins
re-election in November in his district
which he likely would and then retires
in January then he's been fibbing to his
constituents all along is to live with
those people so I think there's
something there as well
now the rumor that's going around is the
Ryan is leaving because Trump sort of
defeated Ryan I don't see this at all
it's important to recognize here that
trumps signal achievements have largely
been outside of the move of the of the
US Embassy to Jerusalem they've been
done because of Paul Ryan in Mitch
McConnell my tax cuts were a Paul Ryan
baby the revocation of the individual
mandate that was a Ted Cruz baby in the
the Justice Gorsuch and the end the
congressional the congressional approval
of Donald Trump's judicial nominees that
is Mitch McConnell so for all the talk
about Paul Ryan standing the way of
Trump's agenda there's really no
evidence that Paul Ryan has been
standing in the way of Trump's agenda in
fact it's been Paul Ryan trying to pass
Trump's agenda and he just can't get it
through the Senate because he's not a
senator he's not the Senate Majority
Leader I will say however that it's
pretty clear that Ryan leaving does
represents a triumph of trumpian
attitude now people have been mistaking
the gaps in policy between Trump and
Ryan for the serious gap that is not the
serious gap in the Republican Party
right now the serious gap in the
Republican Party is the gap between
attitudes now people have seen this is a
binary choice between Paul Ryan's sort
of polite wonk ashiness and Donald
Trump's punch everything including the
baby right these are the two choices you
can either wheel around you can tweet
whatever you want you can you can be
wild and crazy
and bombastic and that's the way you
ought to approach politics or you can be
milquetoast and Jack Kemp like in your
approach to politics I don't think
that's correct I think there is a middle
ground where you are very aggressive
when you need to be very aggressive and
you are polite when that possibility is
available you know it's something that I
try to pursue in my own sort of
political rhetoric but if the Republican
Party had to choose one it's pretty
clear that the base chose trumpian
rhetoric over Paul Ryan's rhetoric
because they are very angry and they're
very angry because they're very
frustrated and they're very frustrated
because no matter how many Republicans
they elect it seems that their agenda is
never passed and they can blame that on
Paul Ryan but the truth is that Paul
Ryan is just the head of the caucus I
promise you that Paul Ryan were the head
of a caucus that we're all freedom
caucus guys then the agenda would look
very different okay more thoughts on
Paul Ryan in just a second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
bull and branch so you haven't been
getting enough sleep and you think that
it's because the temperature in the room
isn't right or you think it's because
your mattress isn't right well have you
ever thought that maybe just maybe it
might be the sheets that you're sleeping
then you don't tend to think about the
sheets the sleep on very often because
who thinks about sheets right who gives
a sheet but the fact is that bowl and
branch ensures that you have the best
sheets possible ball and branch these
sheets are just incredible they're 100%
organic cotton there are three
ex-presidents sleeping on them after I
got Bo and branch eats legitimately had
to throw out all the other sheets in my
house and buy only bowl and bran shoots
because they are that good they are that
comfortable and to get you started right
now you get 50 bucks off your first set
of sheets at bull and branch calm promo
code Ben that's bull and branch calm
promo code Ben again they make
everything from bedding to blankets and
it's made from pure 100% organic cotton
so they start out soft and they get even
softer over time you buy directly from
them so you're essentially paying
wholesale prices a really nice set of
sheets can cost like a thousand bucks
bow and branch sheets are only a couple
of hundred bucks now that may sound
expensive it is not for something you
are sleeping on every night and they are
really tremendous they hold up in the
wash as well bull and branch comm
promote code Ben get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets Bo LLM branch comm
promo code Ben check it out right now
bull and branch comm promo Club Ben get
that 50 bucks off and lets them know
that we sent you as well okay so a few
more thoughts on on Paul Ryan and and
his exit so again Ryan's priorities were
never backed by by Trump or his fellow
legislators so before judging Ryan
he could pass him what he couldn't have
to look at the caucus right he is only
the head of the caucus if you're the
head of a caucus that looked like Mark
Meadows where everybody was mark Meadows
there everybody where Jim Jim Jordan
then they'd be passing different
legislation but the job of the speaker
is to put all of those various
components together and very often he
was able to do that it's just that the
Senate never passed any of that stuff
okay so all of this bodes very ill for
Republicans obviously going into 2018
and beyond the polls show that there's
gonna be a historic youth wave coming in
2018 according to Harvard you Harvard
University Institute of Politics
this wave of voters 18 to 29 is going to
be very strong 53% probably or
definitely will be voting and of those
most likely to vote 55 percent lean
Democratic 21% favor Republicans at this
points that is a massive imbalance
particularly among young voters who are
going to show up in real big numbers
coming up in in November plus if you
look at the generic ballots right now
the generic ballots do not look good the
generic ballots for Republicans the
average the RealClearPolitics polling
average is 7 points and it is growing
again so it had shrunk down to 3 points
in the Quinnipiac poll
April 6 to April 9th and in the last
couple of polls one from Rasmussen and
one from The Economist is backed up to
five and eight points respectively given
all the news surrounding President Trump
I wouldn't be surprised if that blows up
