Kanye West gets labeled alt-right by
Washington Post writer Pat Buchanan
stems for the end of democracy and the
New York Times tells a romantic story
about a lesbian and a transgendered
woman conceiving a child so basically a
normal 2018 news day I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
one thing you can certainly say is that
God has a sense of humor with the news
cycle because every day is an adventure
we'll get to all of the myriad
adventures in just a second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
Birch gold so let's be real about this
you feel a little bit uncomfortable with
the state of politics right now do you
not you feel like the economy it may be
on a knife's edge maybe you feel like
it's going strong or maybe you just want
to invest for the future well whatever
your case may be you should at least
have some of your money in precious
metals I'm not saying take all your
money out of the stock market stick it
in gold I'm saying you might want to
take some of your money and put it in
precious metals because it's a good
headed hedge against inflation against
government intervention ISM it's a good
hedge against volatility in the market
well if you want to invest in precious
metals there's only one group you should
be talking to and those are my friends
over at Birch gold group they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews and an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
contact Birch gold group right now to
receive a free information kit on
physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16 page kit and it shows
how gold and silver can protect your
savings and I can legally move your IRA
or 401k out of stocks and bonds and into
a precious metals IRA if you so choose
you get that no-cost no-obligation kit
go to birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben again use that
slash Ben to get that free comprehensive
16-page kit ask all your questions once
you get your answers invested my friends
over at Birch gold birchgold.com slash
Ben use the slash Ben's they know that
we sent you okay so there's a serious
question to be asked about what it takes
to be labeled alright these days so as
someone who is quite familiar with the
alright you may recall all the way back
to the 2016 election cycle when the
alt-right and I went out and on a
routine basis mainly because they didn't
like that I was a cook Jew and I didn't
like that they were a bunch of
anti-semitic mine freaks so I'm not fond
of the alright I find the alt-right
despicable and when I say all right I
don't mean people who like memes
I think memes are funny I don't mean
people who voted for Donald Trump
because the vast majority of those
people are not alright I mean people who
are actual racists who believe that
there is a a white supremacy inherent in
the color of your skin which is stupid
and ridiculous and an anti-democratic
well the problem is that the left has
now broadened out the label alright to
apply to anyone so they've labeled me
alright
which is incredibly insane I mean like
fully full-on insane considering I was
the number one target of the all right
in 2016 according to the anti-defamation
league I was the number one recipient of
anti
tweets among Jewish journalists with a
bullet I mean I'm talking 40 percent of
all anti-semitic tweets directed a
journalists many of these from the all
right or directed at me personally and
yet now I am supposed to be believe that
I I'm a member of the alright what made
me a member of the alt-right well made
me a member of the alt-right is that I
am NOT on the left and the latest
beneficiary of this particularly bizarre
line of logic is of course our future
president
Tanya West so a few days ago I warned
you that if you're conservative and you
are supremely just in love with the fact
that Kanye West is saying some mildly
conservative things on Twitter you might
want to hold off you might you might a
great I'm glad he said that on Twitter
but before you start declaring that he's
a presidential candidate before you
start saying he's a celebrity who knows
things you might want to take a look at
his older tweets which include things
like four pillows are hard to sleep on
true true I can't argue with that tweet
but not exactly in line with I would say
the intellectual thinking of the
conservative movement but because Kanye
tweeted these relatively mild things
about how victim mentality is not good
and how you ought to go out and work for
yourself and how he likes Candace Owens
who is the communications director of a
turning point USA working with charlie
quote charlie kirk and both good folks
well now there's a person who's written
for The Washington Post her name is
Molly Roberts and she says that Kanye
West is in all right darling which is
weird since the alright is not
particularly fine of black people but
again this is the way that the left
shrinks that Overton Window the Left
says there is a window of acceptable
rhetoric and if you're not on the Left
you are outside that window of
acceptable rhetoric sure Kanye spent
most of the 2000 saying that george w
bush was a vicious racist but now he's
out of the tent because he says that
self victimization is a disease and it's
a I think a direct quote so here is what
this this this leftist writes over at
the Washington Post quote Kanye West was
having a great weekend until he wasn't
one moment the rapper producer
entrepreneur was dispensing pearls of
pseudo philosophy on Twitter to the
retweets of adoring observers the next
many of those same admirers had turned
to denouncing him instead oh and he'd
become an all right darling whatever
West is going through at the moment the
response to his Twitter spree reveals
more about the people who have fled from
him and those who have flocked to him to
West's fortunes reversed writes this
writes this writer for The Washington
Post Molly Roberts when he expressed his
admiration on Saturday for red pill
youtuber Candace Owens an
african-american Donald Trump supporter
known for among other things referring
to black lives matter protester
as whiny toddlers pretending to be
oppressed for attention the following
day he tweeted nine videos from Scott
Adams who gained his fame first for
creating the cartoon Dilbert and second
for proclaiming that rape is a natural
instinct of men and society a virtual
prison for men's desires okay that is
taking Scott Adams wildly out of context
I believe Scott Adams is actual argument
is that natural instincts of human
beings are bad and this is why you
create civilizations which I thought was
a relatively uncomplicated and and
controversial notion in any case this is
Molly Roberts continues it's easy to
cast West is just another lost man
seduced by the far rights provides a
purpose all that pseudo philosophy does
suggest a preoccupation well the sort of
existential problems figures such as
psychologist Jordan Peterson who has
become a surprise lifestyle guru claim
they can solve it's also possible to
connect wess eccentric behavior on
Twitter this isn't the first time his
forays into politics have discomforted
some fans the mental health struggles
that led to his 2017 hospitalization so
let's get this straight Kanye West who's
reading crazy crap for most of his
career I mean I read you some of his
tweets the other day okay we're like
talking about finding antique fish tanks
right he needs an antique fish tank
talking about how he is looking for a
marble table a marble conference table
because he can't actually have a meeting
without a marble conference table hey
Kanye is the guy who tweeted I love me
some mayor I mean Kanye is is famous for
not being unhinged might be a word that
you might use in connection with Kanye
this is a guy famous for charging on a
stage in the middle of a music award
ceremony to yell at Taylor Swift and now
only now it does the left discover that
Kanye might be a bit unstable why is he
unstable because he tweeted that he
likes Candace oh and videos all right
well this is the way this is gonna go
also I love that they linked Jordan
Peterson a former professor at Harvard
University and now professor over at
University of Toronto widely widely
understood to be one of the smarter
humans alive to Kanye West that West is
just another lost man seduced by the far
rights promise to provide a sense of
purpose it's so funny how the left talks
about this they never talk about
followers of Bernie Sanders this way
Bernie Sanders promises to provide a
sense of purpose also right his sense of
purpose lies in the collective and his
sense of purpose is I will tell you how
you can help fix all of the problems of
planet Earth by giving me lots of power
and by redistributing on wealth the left
never says look at all of these Bernie
browser
these are guys who are lost looking for
something to do bored useless and now
they found a sense of purpose in Bernie
Sanders but when it comes to somebody on
the right then all of a sudden it's lost
angry young man experiencing existential
angst welcome to the real world where a
lot of people experience existential
ONC's the question is who can cater to
that in a healthy way Jordan caters to
that in a healthy way
but now they're saying that Kanye West
is a jordan Peterson devotee or
something I wish Kanye West where Jordan
Peterson devotee I mean I think it would
be really good for Kanye in fact Kanye
go over and listen to Jordan Peterson's
lectures on on the Bible on on the
Enlightenment I think that that would be
great for you but the Washington Post
says that all of this makes Kanye West
crazy so he wasn't crazy when he was
crazy he's crazy when he's conservative
and the Washington Post continues or
could it be that Kanye West is coy
stirred in a world of wealth away from
the realities of racism that motivated
incidents like his live declaration on
television after Hurricane Katrina that
George Bush doesn't care about black
people
he may be too preoccupied with his image
of himself as a truth teller to
recognize that the unconventional
communication style he finds her
attractive and Trump is just a way to
cover up lies so I love this too so
Kanye who was supremely wealthy during
Hurricane Katrina I mean the guy was
worth tens of millions of dollars by the
time of Hurricane Katrina at that point
he wasn't out of touch now he's out of
touch and you can tell that he's out of
touch because he's saying things that
Molly Roberts doesn't like in the
Washington Post
that's how you can tell right I mean you
know he's out of touch now you know he's
a member of the alt-right because he
said that self victimization is a
problem because he said that you're in
control of your own life Kanye says
these things and boom this suit is like
Hitler he is just like Hitler and now
he's not even real black person is what
Molly Roberts is really saying because a
real black person would feel an
authentic tied to his roots and Kanye
doesn't feel an authentic tied to his
roots anymore because he's become so
wealthy and so cloistered weird I
haven't heard the same thing about like
Snoop Dogg right because snoop dogg
makes videos about shooting the
President of the United States
it's noop dog is woke so snoop dogg
obviously has a tie back to the people
but Kanye has no tie back to those
people obviously because he's wealthy
right what happened is Kanye got rich
and then he was on the left but he still
had side to his people but then he was
still rich and now he is saying things
that aren't left-wing and this means
that he has lost all tied to being black
Kanye West is basically like Bill Nye
the Science Guy in blackface that's
basically what he is right now except
Bill
he's just a white guy yeah he's gone
there people who are saying he's gone to
the sunken place right which is a which
is a reference to what I thought was a
the racially polarizing movie get out
which was overlooked by all the critics
the bad racial messaging and get out was
overlooked by all the critics because
obviously it was a left-wing film The
Washington Post continues in any case
ascertaining why West thinks what he
thinks is probably as fruitless as
finding meaning in the bromines he's
been offering up the past few days all
you have to be is yourself the beauty is
in the imperfections everything you do
in life stems either from fear or love
it might be more useful to examine what
the reaction to US provocative tweets
reveal about the left and right alike so
health people reacted to west streets
okay so here is what Molly Roberts
writes in The Washington Post
progressives West more typical fan
basing greeted his return to Twitter
with breathless engagement at the moment
West expressed his approval of Owens
liberals recoiled eager to signal their
lefty credentials they withdrew their
support the moment West went against
that's the party line which sort of
sounds like this writer then there's the
right Alton otherwise most conservatives
had less interest in West's work and
they certainly didn't like it when he
condemned Bush but now a lineup of
luminaries on the right has assembled to
defend West against liberal horns where
Alex Jones once called West a microcosm
of America's degeneration he now praises
his bold moves against the thought
police where Bill O'Reilly once
described West as a disease the former
Fox host on Sunday decried the attack
against him by American stalinís okay so
first of all I would just like to point
out that Alex Jones is not really
particularly representative of the view
of the American right right you know
like Alex Jones
Alex Jones like that guy not supremely
representative of the American right
most people on the America member like
okay glad Kanye is saying some nice
stuff guys still Kanye he's weird what
what do you have to say like nothing
here okay but but you can feel all these
same things like I did an entire segment
two days ago about why conservatives
should not be over the moon about Kanye
West suddenly embracing the right-wing
agenda right at the same time I'm
defending him from American Stalinist
like this column I mean this is this
sort of thought policing Kanye West said
something bad he must be crazy he must
be a right-wing racist it's all insane
it's all insane so this Molly Roberts
concludes in the end the weekends West's
affair was a very public display of
people using other people West's hyped
up his announced album even further with
the publicity he gained from courting
controversy
liberals have shown off their
willingness to enforce ideological
purity no
matter who the offender is and the far
right has demonstrated once again
they're willing to flip-flop at the
slightest sign they might be able to
land a mainstream celebrit don't trade
your authenticity for approval west
tweeted last week too late yeah again
the left would not be complaining
because they were talking for years
about what awoke guy he was when he was
ripping into george w bush so before we
go any further honestly thanks to our
sponsors over at blue apron so blue
apron is the leading meal delivery kit
in the united states and many people
know what they do but some people don't
okay here's what they do they will send
to you these amazing recipes along with
the prepackaged purely fresh ingredients
and you can cook them with your family
in your own home it takes like 45
minutes to cook these meals and they are
gourmet they're the number one fresh
ingredient recipe delivery service in
the country and they offer a bunch of
plans they offer first of all
convenience and variety because they
deliver all of this to you on a regular
basis twelve new recipes per week
customers can pick two three or four
recipes based on what best fits their
schedule it's high-quality stuff they
send only non GMO ingredients meat with
no added hormones again everybody the
office is using blue apron because you
don't have time to go to the grocery
store you don't have time to figure out
what it is you want to cook tonight and
then try and parcel out in your mind how
much of X you need to buy instead it all
just comes right to you and you're
making fantastic recipes restaurant
quality stuff check out this week's menu
get your first three meals free at blue
aprons comm slash Shapiro blue apron
comm slash appear again I mean I'm
looking at some of the recipes they're
amazing it's like steak frite eggs with
roasted broccoli and lemon aioli
it's kung pao chicken with surf fried
snow peas and sweet peppers right stuff
that you would be paying a lot of money
at a restaurant for instead you're
cooking in your own home which is super
fun with kids particularly check it out
blue apron calm slash up here oh what's
blue apron calm slash Shapiro and you
get your first three meals free ok so
meanwhile while the West is consumed
with the saga of Kanye West I think that
it is important to to give an update on
the situation regarding Alfie Evans
who's this two-year-old child in Great
Britain
so this two-year-old child in Great
Britain almost two has been condemned to
die by the British courts his parents
want to remove him from Britain the
Italian government has sent a plane the
Italian government has said the day will
provide for his medical care in Italy
and the British government is saying no
we will not let him out this is like
Pharoah we will not let him go we will
not let him go to save his life because
he must die with dignity and we say that
death with dignity means dying in our
Hospital at our behest number one the
idea of dying with dignity is such an
salting term just the very terminology
of dying with dignity is really bizarre
because everybody is gonna die and the
suggestion that if you cling to life
that somehow you lack dignity or the
suggestion that if you meet your end be
it being sad about your impending death
that this means that you are somehow
lacking encourage that there is a
dignified way to go in the dignified way
to go is in a hospital surrounded by
people who are pumping juice into you or
alternatively the dignified way to go is
for us to unhook a baby and watch that
baby suffocate to death because the baby
can't breathe properly
doesn't seem super dignified to me you
know everybody has to face death your
choice as an adult is how to face it
but as a child there's no such thing as
dying with dignity there just isn't
because you're not capable of dignity as
a two-year-old okay I have a
two-year-old boy he's not capable of
dignity he's capable of pooping in his
pants and being cute okay this is what
my two-year-old is capable of he's
awesome I love him dignity ain't on the
menu but the idea that you're gonna take
a two-year-old who's dying of a horrible
brain disease and then say this child
