you don't really have to be doing
anything until you're 30 like I know in
your Doogie Howser world you have to
graduate with honors that's 16 otherwise
there's gonna be an issue but okay and
welcome it is today's Sunday special
with Adam Carolla we're gonna jump in in
just a second first I wanna say thanks
to our sponsors over at expressvpn so
with all the recent news about data
hacks and breaches it is very hard for
me not to worry about my digital privacy
because no matter what you do online
your mobile carrier your internet
service provider they track it all every
website you visit every email you send
so that's why I decided to take back my
privacy by using expressvpn these days I
don't use the internet without it
expressvpn as the world's leading VPN
provider it lets you securely use the
internet without being tracked by anyone
which is pretty great especially if
you're a prominent personage like myself
and you're afraid that people are gonna
be grabbing your info expressvpn keeps
my online activity private anonymous
while I browse email download or stream
expressvpn is great for streaming
content you can even use it to watch the
World Cup without a cable subscription
which is pretty awesome if that's the
sort of thing that you are into and you
like that sort of sport they're easy to
use app encrypts all my internet data
hides my IP address protecting my entire
connection and expressvpn cost less than
seven bucks a month that runs seamlessly
and seamlessly in the background of the
computer the phone the tablet every time
you use the internet without expressvpn
you are putting sensitive data at risk
so take back your internet privacy today
find out how you can get three months
for free go to expressvpn comm slash Ben
that is expr ESS VPN comm slash been for
three months free with a one-year
package again visit expressvpn dot-com
slash Ben to learn more
well Adam Carolla thanks for joining me
on Sunday special
my pleasure sure is a pleasure to see
that the founder and creator of the
pirate community I mean so Adam Carolla
for those who don't know created
essentially the podcast medium I mean it
was really Adam who well you did I mean
there are other podcasts out there but
Adams the guy who actually made podcasts
anything where people could support
themselves and have a living doing it
yeah maybe yeah there were others but
yeah I was probably the first one sort
of independently to figure out a way to
do it without maybe a parent company
like NPR or ESPN or something okay I'm
gonna talk about exactly how you came to
do that
I want to start by talking a little bit
about your upbringing because you're
really eclectic dude I mean you have the
podcast you make a documentary now with
Dennis Prager
about bias on college campuses you
didn't go to college you aren't really
overtly conservative you're more just a
common sense guy yeah so where did where
did you come from I mean you're now
listened to by my where's million people
per episode right it means I was no
wheezed out of a bar rag that's where I
came from and I grew up in North
Hollywood California which you know has
a word Hollywood in it but couldn't be
any further than Hollywood it was like
from Hollywood like everyone smiled be
like I saw Robert Urich in the parking
lot of acquittees oh my god you know and
like there's like weird things like that
but really no celebrities
I grew up food stamps and Welfare and a
kind of disjointed family where we got
stuff for free from my grandparents and
the end the man and I kind of quickly I
I got a a quick lesson in how that works
like so I grew up in North Hollywood my
grandparents had a house in North
Hollywood
these are one-bedroom one-bath house is
like 900 square foot houses and the
second house they bought in the 50s for
literally like ten thousand dollars we
got to live at because my mom was not
doing very well and my parents got
divorced and so on and so forth
and so we sort of got a free house so
even though nobody had a job and nobody
had any money we lived in a house versus
an apartment because my grandparents
sort of took pity on their daughter and
let us squat in this house and I like
the first thing I figured out is the
reason the house was always a mess and
the reason it was always falling apart
the shovel and everything else is
because there was no ownership like and
she shouldn't have been living in a
house we should have been an apartment
somewhere or in a van so we lived in
this house and the house just kind of
came undone because again you hand
somebody something for free
and it just starts
I'm done and then it was like food
stamps and Welfare and whatever free
like literally spaghetti night at the
church go to the church like whatever we
could get free lunch programs at the
school with the tickets and the
breakfast programs like all the programs
all the freebies all or whatever and I
just kind of member thinking like I felt
like my family was sort of hobbled
because they got just enough to get by
and not be really motivated so they just
kind of existed what about your white
privilege I mean I mean icing on what
time is it X I'm still they keep saying
they still at luck it's it's insane
because what's insane with with me is I
do think there is a kind of a weird
there is a kind of a prejudice or like
an assumed prejudice when people go well
I Adam come on you're well-spoken you're
white guy you drive a nice car you went
to college like like I would say like I
will say to people I went to North
Hollywood High I graduated North
Hollywood High I start cleaning carpets
up the street literally it aim be carpet
cleaning and and then I got into
construction when I say got into
construction I showed up on a job site
and pull the IV off the side of a house
and so we're like then dragged it up to
the dumpster I dug ditches I literally
dug ditches I picked up garbage and
that's all I did
and they'd go well would you do after
college you're not listening
no college no SATs no algae I never took
an algebra class I took high school math
dumb I was I looked at my transcript the
other day I came in at North Hollywood
High out of my graduating class of 570 I
came in for 97 and I know 30 of those
kids move to Phoenix or died or like
both like that literally like almost out
of 500 kids I came up for seven for 97
so I was a horrible student and even
when I tried I was a horrible student
and then I just got pushed out into the
world that just sort of had to make
do and in terms of the white privilege I
worked the this notion of like hey these
are jobs Americans won't do when I did
carpet cleaning which is the lowest form
of like manual labor like literally get
into a van drive to a colony kitchen or
Tony Roma's or whatever in the in the
middle of the night and just get the
steamer out and steam the entire one and
clean the entire restaurant and then go
back at 4:00 in the morning drop the van
off and go go home and get paid six
bucks an hour I did that originally with
Chris Boehm white guy railed hopper
super white guy Todd oiler Jewish guy
will the Willie Maldonado like Italian
and or Jewish guy and Adam Carolla those
were the five white folks that work for
a and B carpet in the 80s when we're
cleaning carpet and then later on when I
got to a construction site
there were Latin guys and then there was
me and other white guys we're just poor
that the the thing is like whenever
someone goes like who's gonna pick your
lettuce or who's gonna dig that ditch or
who's gonna clean your carpets or who's
gonna bust those trays like poor people
I knew a lot of poor people so where did
you get the work ethic from it sounds
like your mom wasn't big into it and yet
you're somebody who was working hard
basically from the time that you left
high school and I know you're into
football when you're in high school as
well yeah it I learned my work ethic
from sports probably football which was
a really hard taxing sort of hot you
know like I learned
football will teach you discomfort and
how to kind of tolerate discomfort
because when you're in the San Fernando
Valley and you're running you're doing
two-a-days in early September and it's
brutal outside and they think water is
bad for your like just rinse don't you
know literally like spit it out you'll
cramp up like I'm deeply pleased and
you're just running wind sprints in like
full full gear it's crazy it's kind it's
like the mill
Terry so I probably learned that but
later on I just learned that I had to
use my back to make money so I didn't
have any kind of there was no path
intellectually to get paid so if I was
gonna get paid it was it was gonna be
because there was a stack of drywall
over there and you needed that stack of
drywall moved over there and that's how
I got paid and and and in literally
digging ditches and just demoing out
stucco and hauling garbage you know like
that that's all I did
I had jobs where I just get dropped off
at the pier 1 imports now on Wilshire
and Santa Monica we built it a million
years ago and there's just a huge pile
of dirt like like size of like two
minivans and they gave me a shovel the
wheelbarrow and they're like the
dumpsters over there and they're like
however long it takes you to get that
into that then you can leave and I was
just alone just like all day just scoop
you know one load at a time like
counting my steps and trying not to go
insane but anyway as someone whom once
picked up an object that sounds terrible
with me yeah I could definitely this
would not be in the Shapiro wheelhouse
in 1996 ben shapiro picked up a feather
duster and handed it to one of his
Squires
but that's still valid is yeah they have
some manual labor in the Jewish
community right oh oh yeah yeah that's
funny because there are no Jews on the
construction site ever which always is
something that is funny because when I
did construction all throughout the San
Fernando Valley I'd be in Chatsworth in
Canoga Park Simi Valley buh-buh-buh no
one ever said to me you're Jewish right
cuz I could go either way I got atom
right I got the chief Roe I would
complain a lot you know they're like
what that guy but no one it was I was
definitely Italian or or just a non Jew
when I got out of construction and got
into writing comedy it's like well
you're Jewish you know right like no I'm
not sure they're like
I've never I was never mistaken for a
Geo on a construction site and I've
never mistaken for a in a writers
room it just just goes to show you like
you tell people you know you tell people
hey don't stereotype well they're just
playing the odds zero Jews on a
construction site zero
you know in a in a with this hair
in in a writers room it's like they're
trying to save time I learned how to
work hard like working construction and
it was like and but I also learned like
I don't want to get paid by the hour
because I remember having these like
fantasies right I was like going well
you're getting $8 an hour now you know
and your job you're playing to see if we
can work 50 maybe 60 hours a week and
and like pay your bills with your
roommates and your apartments and stuff
like that but I was like even if you got
paid I'd probably think of some princely
sum like $18 an hour or $22 no look even
if you got paid let's just say $25 an
hour it still would be by the hour
like you'd still have to be here on this
jobsite that you don't want to be on so
it's it started I started thinking early
maybe they buy the our way isn't that
isn't the way to go and so how did you
get from doing that to comedy I mean
that's a pretty radical shift from yeah
as you say being the person who is
slepping wheelbarrows full of dirt
places to being in writers rooms on
comedy how did you how did you actually
do that I like sat down in my apartment
when I was like 22 and I'd been doing
labor for you know like labor and
carpentry for maybe three years and I
was driving like a beat-up old mini
pickup truck with like no headrests and
stuff and like I didn't have insurance
and and I wasn't construction it's very
like day labor kind of stuff like it's
like you don't get paid on Christmas if
it rains you don't go to work you don't
get paid that day like literally if you
rolled your ankle playing
sketball on a Sunday you couldn't go in
they wouldn't care but they're not you
don't get paid like that you wouldn't
have to call anyone and go like I'm not
gonna be here they just really like
don't be here just don't get paid we
won't pay like if you left at lunch time
and did half a day you just have 34
hours on your on your timecard look and
I was like huh that sucks like how are
you gonna own a house how are you gonna
pay mortgage how you even gonna get
credit I didn't have credit or anything
like everything was kind of under the
table or whatever it was it was like
catches catch-can and I just like it's
gonna be a long uncomfortable life and
your family's not in the equation in
terms of like no one's gonna leave your
business or your your grandfather's
collection of dues and burgers they'll
be all yours you'll be the selamat
auction and live comfortably like there
was no one had anything no one's gonna
help so I was like 22 23 was in my
apartment with no air conditioning in
north how it might like three roommates
like a one-bedroom and I was like all
right so what what's the plan what what
could possibly be the plan and the one
plan was like well get your contractor's
license and get a better truck and and
maybe get a crew or something like that
I was just like yeah but that's still
tough and it's a lot of work and you get
your tools ripped off and it's just it's
a tough life any and you don't get paid
that much and so I was like all right so
what else do you do and I was like well
you're funny like so you're good with
your hands and then you're funny
so I was like trying to think of things
like sort of practically even though
comedy doesn't sound very practical and
it doesn't sound like a high percentage
sort of job to go into but I knew
anything that involved studying or
training or test-taking that wouldn't
work like it was not gonna be us go
you'll be a dental hygienist you know
it's like I would never be able to pull
that off so I was like you are good at
calming now I don't even know what that
means it just means I was good at comedy
like people are good with their hands
but you still have to learn a skill
a trade you know otherwise being just
good with your hands does not mean you
can read plans and build a house so I
was like okay so what's the plan and the
plan was you're 22 you don't really have
to be doing anything until you're 30 in
in my world like I know in your Doogie
Howser world you have to graduate with
honors that's 16 otherwise there's gonna
be an issue but for me I was like when
you're 30 you must become a man that was
my like Bar Mitzvah like I was like I
think you can screw around no one really
thinks you're a loser when you're
screwing around in your 20s but at a 30
I want to be doing something but my goal
was don't put the pressure on yourself
you have like eight years to figure out
this thing called comedy and don't even
put the pressure on yourself which is
when you're you know 30 you got to be on
TV
you have to have your own show or you
have to be syndicated radio host there I
didn't have any of that I just had right
now you're making money off your back
could you make money off of your ideas
or something that involves some air
conditioning like I just wanted some air
conditioning like it's when it gets hot
and you just eat you sit on a pile of
drywall and it's like it gets brutal in
my entire life yeah yeah and so I was
just like I would be happy working for a
greeting card company if we were in a
room and there are three people pitching
funny Father's Day cards and I could
like come up with some funny ideas you
know that that was about it like I was
like I didn't have the bar too high but
I needed to be doing something that had
dental insurance or something and so I
just said well what he got to do and
somebody said we'll take a Groundlings
class and you could go to The
Groundlings and like learn how to do
improvisational comedy and get up on
stage and do group comedy and sketches
and like write stuff down
stuff like that I was like okay so here
I was like with literally with no car
insurance and no medical or dental
insurance or anything just living
hand-to-mouth and but I paid like 275
bucks for a Groundlings class you know
and and I was like going out on Sunday
nights and just doing open mics at
waiting in line and stuff like that and
everyone in my world was kind of like
are you nuts like what are you paying
for like we're going out Sunday night or
whatever we're getting some beers were
going to the park you know whatever and
I'd be like I'm going to go wait in line
at rooster T feathers to do a
three-minute set you know and no one's
like are you high and and I was like I
don't know what I'm doing but I know I
have to do this thing over here and but
I stuff to work full time in this very
different world which is construction
and so how did you get from doing you
know three-minute comedy sets to then
doing what you're doing now cuz that's a
pretty large jump that a lot of folks in
LA who are doing we're in line with you
yeah who are now probably managing
coffee bean yeah we're not doing exactly
what you're doing no I know and then I
cursed those people and the reason I
cursed them is because many nights I
would go out and it like hey we're
cutting it off at 40 people like and or
40 or 50 people would show up and they'd
go only 18 are getting up onstage so put
your name and a hat the guy pulled the
name out and I wouldn't make it and I
realized if you are doing something and
you shouldn't be doing it you're
possibly preventing other people who
should be doing it from doing it so it's
like I didn't get up on stage that night
because the guy who's managing the
coffee bean did get up on stage I so I I
was I I was plugging around for like
eight years
and and I was doing stand-up and I still
in sketch and I was doing like well
acting and I see a little writing and I
said like little bits and pieces of
miniature success and
I'd also at that time got into teaching
boxing for a living because not for a
living
I taught morning classes at a place
called bodies in motion
I teach like the 7:00 a.m. class of a
6:30 a.m. class and it's getting like 20
bucks a class or something but it was
boxing was just another story sometimes
into and blah blah blah but it was part
of me kind of going as you get to 30 and
as the comedy dream isn't really coming
to fruition the doing something where
you're on your feet where you're
interacting with people where you're
talking to people construction would be
lonely like you just go there and you
