the Supreme Court rules in favor of
religious bakers Democrats struggle for
the House Majority and Bernie Sanders
makes the stupidest statements about
Disney ever I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show so much news I couldn't
even mention it all in the t's before
the show Bill Clinton also was on TV a
lot and we all remember now why Donald
Trump as president with Bill Clinton on
TV talking about where he stores his
cigars we have a lot to get to today
before we get to any of that I have a
few announcements so first of all we've
decided to honor father's day this year
with a special livestreams on Tuesday
June 12th at 7:00 p.m. Eastern
daily where God came Jeremy boring is
going to host a roundtable discussion
with me and Andrew Klavan and Michael
Nobles as well and we are going to sit
around and chat about all of the things
we'll discuss what fatherhood means and
my father's matter and how fatherhood
will stand up against an increasingly
anti male culture and subscribers will
be able to write in live questions for
us to answer on the air so you should
subscribe now so you can write those
live questions and then we'll care about
what you have to say again that's
Tuesday June 12th 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m.
Pacific and you can find our live stream
on Facebook and YouTube to watch so
don't miss it also more good news for
podcast listeners ben shapiro show along
with our other daily wired podcast is
now available on amazon alexa and the
google home device so now your home
could be filled with the rich supple
tones of my voice with the simple voice
command but first you have to activate
the show so the Lexile you have to
enable the skill it's like adding an app
you say Alexa enable the Ben Shapiro
shows skill and then you can tell her to
play or open Alexa play the Ben Shapiro
show and then Google doesn't need to be
added by user but you have to speak very
clearly for her to understand because I
don't know what Google's problem is but
just say a command like ok Google talk
to Ben Shapiro show or ok Google speak
to the Ben Shapiro show and now your
device should be able to play my podcast
and your quality of life will improve
the measurably if you need to review
those directions just go over to the pin
post on daily wired Twitter and daily
where Facebook to check it out ok now
that's not the only announcement also we
have to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Legal Zoom so it's time for that
mid-year check in it's almost halfway
through the year folks is crazy so if
you're like everyone else you have a few
things left on your to-do list for 2018
which is why Legal Zoom is extending
their friends and family discounts to
everyone right now which means for a
limited time you get 10% off the things
you keep putting on some of your small
business owner you need to make your
accountant happy by saving on your LLC
your DBA your S corp and more you can
also save money wrapping up your last
will or living trust
before you go on summer vacation in that
way if you're killed in a boating
accident then at least you took care of
that LegalZoom is not a law firm but
don't worry if legal questions are
holding you up their network of
independent attorneys can provide advice
for your business your estate plan and
so get the things you need to get done
at legalzoom.com right now and save 10%
with legal zooms friends and family
discount just be sure to enter promo
code ben and get that friends and family
discount in the referral box to check
out this offer is only available for a
limited time go over to Legal Zoom calm
right now I've been using Legal Zoom for
years and now again they have this
entire new service where if you have
legal questions you can go to a network
of independent Ernies who can give you
advice for your business estate plan etc
use promo code Ben and Legal Zoom calm
and you get 10% off Legal Zoom or life
meets legal check out Legal Zoom calm
and use that promo code Ben all right so
just breaking before today's show the
big news was that the Supreme Court has
ruled in the masterpiece at cake shop
case so if you don't remember the
masterpiece cake shop case this is the
case where a guy owned a bakery and
these this gay couple came in in 2012
and they wanted a cake for their
same-sex wedding and he said no i'm a
religious baker so no and he'd be happy
to sell them a cake if they were just
gay people who want a cake he'd be happy
to give them their cake because who
cares but they wanted a cake that set on
it you know a happy wedding to Bob and
Joe or whatever it was and this
Christian Baker said listen I'm not
gonna be part of fording what I think is
a sin which seems like a basic American
freedom
well the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission immediately cracked down on
the guy and tried to basically run him
out of business for this grave and
horrible sin we've seen the same sort of
issue arise with bear enough Stutzman up
in the state of Oregon where paranal
Stutzman was in Washington Washington
bearing all Stutzman we're apparent all
Stutzman was florists and she didn't
want to do floral arrangements for a
lesbian wedding and then she was
basically run out of business by the
state we've seen the same thing with
photographers in New Mexico so we've
seen this sort of thing happening all
over the country so the Supreme Court
avoided the big issue so the headline
that you're hearing today from the left
is oh my god the Supreme Court has stood
with religious people against gay people
that's what the Supreme Court just it
okay first of all here's my view of this
case and every other case like it I do
not believe that it is the government's
job to tell you who you can and cannot
do business with and that includes
discrimination
okay I'm open about this I think that if
you want to discriminate against a Jew
that is your problem and you know what I
will do I will go start an alternative
business and I will run you out of
business I will go through the business
across the street and they will get my
patronage and they will run you out of
business I think this is true across the
board I don't see why this is a freedom
of religion issue per se because it
seems like a freedom of association
to me now I understand is unpalatable to
people because we have this weird idea
in America that if you don't like
something it ought to be illegal well I
don't like a lot of things I don't think
they ought to be illegal I'm not a
same-sex marriage fan I don't think it
ought to be illegal
I'm libertarian on same-sex marriage I
think the government should get
completely out of the business of
marriage well just as I and libertarian
on the issue of same-sex marriage
I'm libertarian on the issue of whether
a business owner ought to be forced to
cater to a particular population even if
that business owner is a jerk even if
that business owner is a racist or a
homophobe well you want to be a racist
or homophobic s what your even go out of
business because that's the way the
market works capitalism is the single
greatest force for tolerance in the
history of humanity not government
control from above okay so that's my
perspective on this but this case
doesn't go that far it also doesn't go
as far as to even say that religious
people have a right to act religiously
in their business the case doesn't even
say that if you are a baker that you
have the right to reject catering to a
same-sex wedding instead this case has
decided seven to two on the narrowest
possible grounds and that is the
Colorado Civil Rights Commission is mean
really that's how the case was decided
the case is written by Anthony Kennedy
who was an execrable justice just an
awful awful justice he has never seen a
copy of the Constitution apparently and
so he just sort of wanders around in his
bathrobe and depending on whether he had
his Metamucil led bowel movement that
morning he decides how to rule so here
is his ruling today delivering the
opinion of the court and there's a
nonsensical ruling it's a nonsensical
ruling because it doesn't get to any key
issue it's good for the particular Baker
in this case but it does not establish a
broad principle that religious people
can actually act religiously in their
businesses which you would assume would
be protected by freedom of religion I
mean when I say freedom of religion
generally what I mean is my ability to
act religiously throughout my life
including in my business that's not what
the Supreme Court says instead they
simply evade the issue so the the court
holds and this is in the courts summary
this is the summary of the case at the
very beginning of every case the court
puts out basically a summary of the
ruling here's what they hold the laws
and the Constitution can and in some
instances must protect gay persons and
gay couples in the exercise of their
civil rights but religious and
philosophical objections to gay marriage
are protected views and in some
instances protected forms of expression
which is extraordinarily vague well it
is unexceptionable that Colorado law can
protect gay persons in acquiring
products and services on the same terms
and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public who all must be
applied
a manner that is neutral toward religion
and now you ask how is that possible how
is it possible that you're gonna be
neutral toward religion and crack down
on religion while protecting same-sex
couples how are you going to do exactly
that well they don't answer that
question instead they just say that in
this particular case the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission was means a religious
people they said mean things about
religious people and that means that we
can't uphold their decision in this case
the the guy in this kitchen in Jack
Phillips healings masterpiece cake shop
his claim that using his artistic skills
to make an expressive statement a
wedding endorsement in his own voice and
of his own creation has a significant
First Amendment speech component and
implicates his deep insincere religious
beliefs his dilemma was understandable
in 2012 this in this line his dilemma
was understandable in 2012 which was
before Colorado recognized the validity
of gay marriages performed in the state
or before this Court issued its decision
in ubers fell even the state's position
at the time there are some force to
Philips argument that he was not
unreasonable in deeming his decision
lawful state law at the time also
afforded shopkeepers some latitude to
decline to create specific messages they
considered offensive indeed while the
instant enforcement proceedings were
pending the state Civil Rights Division
concluded in at least three cases that a
Baker acted lawfully in declining to
create cakes with decorations that's
mean gay persons or gay marriages
Philips too is entitled to a neutral and
respectful consideration of his claims
in all circumstances of the case so
let's stop there for a second what they
are saying is that Jack Phillips now
he'd be crazy basically to say that he
won't serve a same-sex marriage but back
in 2012 when it was still illegal for
same-sex people to marry in many places
across the country for people of the
same sex to marry each other in many
places across the country back then it
was understandable that he was stupid
but now if he tried it now I mean come
on it's the law of the land so you can
see the Supreme Court leaving the door
open to not protecting the rights of
somebody who in 2016 says I don't wish
to participate in the same-sex marriage
instead they're saying well way back
then it was different right back then
Obama supported traditional marriage but
now everything's changed so obviously if
somebody tried to do the exact same
thing now and now of course it would be
unconstitutional and then the case can
sit the court continues that
consideration was compromised by the
Commission's treatment of Phillips this
case what they're saying is that the
Civil Rights Commission should have been
nice to Phillips they were mean to
Phillips and therefore that a decision
is not okay their consideration was
compromised by the Commission's
treatment which showed elements of a
clear and impermissible hostility toward
the sincere religious beliefs motivating
his objection as the record show
some of the commissioners at this
Commission's formal public hearings
endorsed the view that religious beliefs
can not legitimately be carried into the
public sphere of commercial domain
disparage Phillips faces despicable and
characterized it as merely rhetorical
and compared his invocation of his
sincerely held religious beliefs to
defenses of slavery on the Holocaust no
commissioners objected to the comments
nor were they mentioned in the later
State Court ruling or just about in the
briefs filed here the comments must cast
doubt on the fairness and impartiality
of the Commission's adjudication of
Phillips's case okay again none of the
tested with anything so what they are
saying is that the Commission said mean
things about Phillips and his religious
practice the reality however is that
that should have nothing to do with
whether or not Phillips's behavior is
constitutional this should be a very
easy decision people misinterpret what
freedom of religion is supposed to be
about so the court has come up with all
of these cases where they say a freedom
of religion provides you a special
freedom a special freedom and that
special freedom is designed in order to
allow you to provide your sincerely held
religious beliefs in public but how do
you decide what is sincerely held as
opposed to non sincerely held and if you
held a sincere religious beliefs they
should hold slaves obviously the court
wouldn't be okay with that so it's not
sincere religious beliefs instead
there's a three-prong religion test
that's laid forth in a case called Lemon
all of this is stupid
okay the reality is that what the
founders believed is laid out very
clearly in the first amendments of the
Constitution it is laid out in two sides
of the same coin
the Free Exercise Clause and the
Establishment Clause so the Free
Exercise Clause the First Amendment says
that the free exercise of religion shall
not be abridged and then it says that
there shall be no establishment of
religion okay these are the same Clause
people read them separately so they say
that Establishment Clause about the
government can't put In God We Trust on
coins or some such nonsense and freedom
of religion is can you smoke peyote in
violation of federal drug law on native
resinated reservation that was an actual
case back in the early 90s Employment
Division versus Smith I believe it's
called but one of the problems with this
reading of the First Amendment is that
the whole point of the First Amendment
is to protect you from the government
becoming large and overbearing and
encroaching so what it's saying is you
should not have a government that
establishes a religion because that will
burden other people's free exercise of
religion in other words the smaller the
government is the less it's going to run
into particular freedoms and this is
true across the board it's true a
freedom of association it's for a
freedom of speech
the smaller the government is
the less it is going to burden anybody's
particular exercise of a freedom that
they hold so your freedom of religion is
not going to be burdened so long as the
government's not getting up in your
grill but now the government's up in
your grill with anti-discrimination law
particularly in this case and so they
have decided that anti-discrimination
law runs up against religious liberty
concerns okay in reality
anti-discrimination law for private
businesses to me is a serious
constitutional problem I understand why
people did it I sympathize with the
feelings for it I understand that it was
an attempt to wipe out discrimination in
the private sector I don't think it
accomplished that in in quite the way
people think it did the reality is that
in order to overcome the marketplace
which does not discriminate the
marketplace hates discrimination in
order to overcome the marketplace the
government had to implement rules
discriminating in the first place now I
have a whole video you can view it on
YouTube about why it is that
anti-discrimination laws are
significantly less important than
capitalism is in removing barriers to
people getting the sort of care and
service that they want and I point out
that Jim Crow was not put in place by
private people Jim Crow was put in place
by the government was the government
literally establishing laws that
prevented people from serving people in
their restaurants there were actual laws
in the south and places like Alabama
that if you owned a restaurant you had
to have a separate seating section for
black people and if you violated that
the government would come in and sue you
for that the government would come in
and find you or jail you for that
because if it hadn't been for that law
then people would have just opened up
the restaurants which is exactly what
happened in the early 1960s with for
example the Woolworth counter
demonstration in mmm try remember which
city it was in the early 1960s before
the Civil Rights Act a black people
walked into Woolworths they said we're
not leaving and then Woolworths
integrated hey that's because the market
works the market does work okay the
reason that I keep saying the market
works is because the market doesn't make
impositions on anybody the government
does again in just a second I'm gonna
continue with the analysis of this new
case which again everybody is over
reading and actually I don't think boats
all that well for religious freedom in
the United States but first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at blue
apron so blue apron as you know is the
best home delivery kit that you can get
when it comes to cooking meals they're
teaming up now with best-selling
cookbook author and Chrissy Teigen and
they're bringing you some of her
favorite recipes to make at home so get
ready for six weeks of awesome flavorful
cooking again what they do is they send
you all the ingredients they send you
all
the recipes and then you you're at home
with your kids and you make the meal
it's great I love cooking with my two
kids
you'll love doing it too and they make
it super easy with chrissy teigen x'
menu this this week I guess and they
have hot they have garlic and soy glazed
shrimp with charred broccoli and hot
green pepper sauce sesame chicken
noodles with bok choy and again you
don't have to set foot in the grocery
they've convenience and variety they
deliver fresh pre-portion ingredients
and step-by-step recipes directly
towards where everything can be cooked
in under 45 minutes and the menu changes
every week depending on what's in season
they offer twelve new recipes every week
