Speaker of the House Paul Ryan steps
down the Trump probe pushes the
president toward precipitous action and
James commis book is a-comin we'll have
all of it is the Ben Shapiro show so we
do have a lot to get to today we will
get to all of it in just a second first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at Legal Zoom so it is a fact of
life
attorneys are really really expensive I
know because I am one you're likely to
pay up around 300 bucks an hour for even
a mediocre to decent attorney there is
just one reason why smart business
owners turned to Legal Zoom over 2
million Americans have used Legal Zoom
to start their businesses with LLC's and
corporation and more but even after your
business is set up Legal Zoom can still
help you out things like lease
agreements changing tax laws contract
reviews all of these things are part of
owning your own business as you know if
you own your own business but these are
precisely the kinds of legal hurdles
that take time and money away from
growing your own business which is why
Legal Zoom has actually created
something new it's called their business
legal plan with it you get legal advice
for your business from vetted
independent attorneys and tax
professionals available in every state
you also receive access to NDA's lease
agreements and more and the best part is
that you're not gonna get charged by the
hour since Legal Zoom is not actually a
law firm so you're not gonna be shelling
out $2000 for a contract when you don't
have to instead you pay just one low
upfront price check out Legal Zoom is
misleading and legalzoom.com now and get
special savings when you enter Ben at
checkout legalzoom.com and as her Ben at
check out Legal Zoom is where life meets
legal legalzoom.com and again and her
pro enter code Ben at checkout you can
check out some special savings on their
business legal plan it really is
fantastic because you know for most of
the time legal zann's been around you've
really been using it for wills and
trusts in sort of simple forms but now
you can actually use it for legal advice
itself and around those law firms and
save yourself time and money
legalzoom.com and use that promo Cabana
check out for some special savings and
also to let them know that we sent you
okay so Speaker of the House Paul Ryan
is now out and what's been fascinating
to see is how the left and how the media
have reacted to Paul Ryan leaving so for
a long time they were looking at Paul
Ryan as though he was the future of the
party who is the alternative to trump
and there are a lot of people who are
who are thinking that this was a trump
Ryan battle that was the battle that
really mattered now listen President
Trump won the presidency and that battle
ended in a certain way with a reproach
mount which is that President Trump was
going to be the added
to the party and Paul Ryan was going to
be the idea man of the party and that's
essentially how things worked for the
first year because let's be real most of
trumps sort of heretical priorities you
know the things like trade Wars or
infrastructure plans those things didn't
go anywhere with Paul Ryan in the house
the stuff that actually did move were
some regulatory reform measures or the
tax cuts the the the the attempt to the
attempt to restructure entitlements in
in the tax bill right all of that was
Paul Ryan stuff so what you actually got
was Paul Ryan type governance in many
areas and Donald Trump style rhetoric
that was the sort of agreement that
Republicans came to but with Ryan out
now what you're seeing is an attempt to
recast this entire battle as a battle
between Ryan and Trump even though Ryan
was actually pushing a lot of trumps
priorities and Trump was signing a lot
of Ryan's priorities that doesn't make a
whole hell of a lot of sense and this
miss Reid I think is an attempt to paint
everyone in the Republican Party has
sort of beholden to everything bad about
Trump see this is the goal of the left
now so I've tried to do this in 2016 by
calling everybody a deplorable who
supported President Trump now what
they're attempting to do is they're
attempting to say that anyone who even
tangentially worked with President Trump
actually made a Faustian bargain with
President Trump this is the tenor of the
media coverage and I don't think that
that's correct I don't think it's a
Faustian bargain at all to say listen I
don't like president Trump's character I
don't like what he's been doing on
character but I like a lot of his policy
doesn't seem like a Faustian bargain at
all that seems like normal politics on a
pretty daily basis in Washington DC
where everybody sucks and where the
politics is what matters in the end the
policy is what's supposed to matter in
the end
but Paul Ryan was asked about this by
Jake Tapper Tapper on CNN said to Ryan
you know did you make a Faustian bargain
with President Trump I'm really proud of
the accomplishments we have here and so
I don't see this as some Faustian
bargain devil's bargain or whatever it
is you call it I see it is the country
said go fix these problems you guys get
the majority in the House you get them
during the Senate here's the presidency
now go do something with it that's what
we're doing that's not devil's bargain
that's actually doing what the people in
this country asked us to do and keeping
our word and I'm very proud of that I
mean I'm wondering what exactly the
media mean when they say things like
devil's bargains they mean that Paul
Ryan has not been critical of Trump on
character grounds because that's not
true do they mean that Paul Ryan has
sometimes soft pedaled those character
criticisms in order to get
policy done maybe that's true but he's
also working with a Republican he's
working with the president in his own
party and he has to keep his eye on the
prize when it comes to policymaking
which after all is his job as Speaker of
the House tapri continue to push Ryan on
this on CNN yesterday saying does Trump
embarrass you I know after the Access
Hollywood tape came out in October 2016
mr. Trump was asked not to appear at an
event for you now it's back in the news
in a major way this this must bother you
Access Hollywood stormy Daniels Karen
McDougal at a certain point it must be
embarrassing well what I don't even read
the article I mean I'm obviously
familiar with what you're talking about
so we're pretty focused on just getting
our work done here and so this is
something that I like you guys
speculate about right now I'm busy
trying to get things done in Congress
we've got a big agenda here and so
that's kind of where my focus is and I
don't really have much Punda tree to
offer you on this and look I just think
the way the president ought to handle
this is compartmentalize it and focus on
doing your job we've got issues with
Syria we've got a balanced budget
remember passing this week we've got a
lot to do and that's what I'm focused on
so here's what's hilarious about this
basically if you're Paul Ryan and you're
just a guy who's trying to get an agenda
through you're just trying to get some
things done you're getting ripped by the
right as somebody who's not sufficiently
supportive of President Trump even while
you're pushing president Trump's agenda
and you're being ripped by the left for
not going out there and ripping Trump
every day well for Paul Ryan and for a
lot of other Congress people who I'm
talking to in Congress Trump is not the
top of their priority list
they weren't elected 10 15 20 years ago
to be beholden to Trump nor were they
elected 10 20 30 years ago in order for
them to shift their entire schedule of
their day around reacting in the media
to what President Trump does either
negative or positive and so you know
when Paul Ryan says listen I'm gonna
keep my nose to the grindstone and do
what I'm supposed to do he gets ripped
on both sides it's pretty astonishing
it's pretty astonishing and I think
Meghan McCain made a really good point
yesterday so Meghan McCain obviously is
a John McCain's daughter and yesterday
on the view there are a bunch of people
who are all the left was cheering Paul
Ryan being leaving a Speaker of the
House oh it's just so great that Paul
Ryan is out because Paul Ryan is a shill
and Paul Ryan hasn't stood up to Trump
and all the rest of the stuff all the
same Democrats who never stood up to
Bill Clinton or Hillary Clinton one iota
and now it's about Paul Ryan who didn't
stand up to Trump even though during the
election psych
Paul Ryan actually did stand up to
then-candidate Trump in the middle of
the election cycle and disinvited him
from a particular event after the Access
Hollywood tape and told all the members
of his Republican caucus that he wasn't
gonna be openly campaigning for Trump up
till the election right but but this was
not enough for the folks on the left
they say that you know they're really
happy that Ryan is going and making
McKenna makes a good point she's listen
if Ryan is not sufficient for you in
terms of his sort of tenor then why
exactly wouldn't people vote for
President Trump are the worst kind of
politicians then you deserve Trump
because he is not he's a truly decent
man that was trying to fight for
democracy and conservative ideals and
now what's gonna be left I have no idea
okay good for Megan McCain this is
exactly right when Megan McCain is
saying here's exactly right you know the
left sits around they wonder how did we
get Trump how do we get Trump by calling
Paul Ryan the worst by calling Mitt
Romney the worst by suggesting that
people who are decent were actually bad
and then you know what the right did
they said well maybe it was their
decency that lost them the election
maybe what we need is an indecent man
who punches in order to win an election
and then Trump won on exactly that basis
and then you're wondering why the right
has resonated to president Trump you're
seeing this sort of coverage across the
across the spectrum from folks on the
left
Tim Alberta who actually used to work at
National Review so he's not a left
winger but he writes now for Politico
and he has a whole article called the
tragedy of Paul Ryan he began as a Jack
Kemp conservative he ended his donald
trump's man on capitol hill that's not
remotely true he was not donald trump's
man on capitol hill he was trying to
push against a lot of trumpian
priorities it was it was Paul Ryan who
is attempting to to ends around Mitch
McConnell and get some actual things
done now again I'm not a huge advocate
of Paul Ryan and Speaker of the House I
don't think Paul Ryan was the best
Speaker of the House in the world I
don't think that he was the worst
Speaker of the House in the world I
think he was better than John Boehner I
think he was worse than the Newt
Gingrich and I think he's somewhere in
the middle but this this newfound
attempt to paint Ryan leaving is
anything but Ryan leaving because he
doesn't want to be blamed for a blue
wave that is not his fault is I think
revisionist history on both sides so on
the Left they're saying Paul Ryan is
leaving because Trump is taking over the
party
on the right they're saying Paul Ryan is
leaving because Trump has taken over the
party I don't think any of that is true
I mean that's why President Trump was
praising Paul Ryan yesterday because
input in president Trump's view
correctly Paul Ryan was an ally in
helping him push some of his political
priorities then but here's the article
from Tim Albert at Politico he says Paul
Ryan came to Congress as a Jack Kemp
conservative and will depart it's Donald
Trump Republican it's more complicated
than that certainly history requires
nuance and texture but legacies are
reductive by nature the House Speaker
announced his retirement Wednesday
closing a messy and mesmerizing chapter
in the history of the Republican Party
and for the affable Wisconsin kid who
moved to Washington a quarter century
ago eager to make his mark on fiscal
policy the harsh reality is that he
might be remembered more for
accommodating the impulses of the 45th
president than for crafting a
generational overhaul of the tax code
this is a political obituary of Ryan's
own writing his silence in the face of
Trump's indignities and his officer of
his observance of the exquisite
presidential leadership a line that will
live in infamy would be less remarkable
had he not first established himself as
one of Congress's good guys someone who
sense a principle and decency informed
his objections to Trump's candidacy in
the first place indeed the speaker's
habit of turning a blind eye to the
president's behavior is relevant and
revelatory because it was not always so
there was hardly hardly a tougher Trump
critic during the 2016 campaign than
Ryan who felt duty-bound to combat that
candidate's dark rhetoric and the
party's nativist drift yet there has
hardly been anyone soft on Trump since
election day than Ryan who felt
duty-bound to deliver on the policy
promises made to voter voters and
decided that doing so meant ignoring the
ad hominem savaging of private citizens
the hush money paid to porn stars the
attacks on private companies the
attempts to deal with Jinna my's
institutions and the innumerable other
acts for which Barack Obama would have
been impaled by the right this was
Paul's deal with the devil a phrase used
by several of the speaker's conference
in the days following Trump's shocking
triumph so again the idea here from some
of these folks is that presumably I
guess the idea is that that Paul Ryan
should have been out front all the time
spending his time ripping on president
Trump this is this would have pleased a
lot of the folks on the left now listen
I'm in the business of political
commentating this is what I do for a
living and so one of the things I'm able
to do is when I think Trump has done
something wrong I will rip him for it
and when I think President Trump does
something right I will praise him to the
skies and this is something that I am
able to do but I also am NOT in the
position of having to negotiate with
President Trump over policy so to
pretend that Paul Ryan's sole job was to
comment on president from
doings day in and day out is to ignore
the role of the legislature in the in
the process and I think if Paul Ryan
committed any great sin it was not
standing up to Trump and McConnell on
policy not even on Trump's character
listen what I prefer that all
Republicans played the the same fiddle
that I'm playing sure I would prefer
that when Donald Trump does something
bad all Republicans said that's bad and
when Donald Trump does something good
all Republican and say that's good and
that would include legislators but these
are the people who also have to
negotiate with Trump and there is a bit
of practicality that has to take place
here with regard to how you get policy
done that you have promised your own
constituents this may be the last time
in our in our modern history that
Republicans run all the branches of
government and you expect him did Paul
Ryan to blow that on a daily basis by
talking about Donald Trump's dumb tweets
when everybody already knows Donald
Trump's tweets are dumb again the media
are really driving people toward Trump
because a bunch of people on the right
are simply gonna respond to all this by
saying very simply listen you know like
Paul Ryan will give you somebody who
really doesn't care what you think will
give you Donald Trump okay so before I
go any further on this and I want to get
into the continuation of the the probe
into President Trump first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Tommy
John so Tommy John is the 21st century
clothing company famous for its
unbelievably comfortable men's underwear
and no wedgie guarantee but now they've
come out with their long anticipated
women's line they have the best pair or
ural of aware or it's free guarantee
which means that if it's not the most
comfortable underwear you've ever worn
Tommy John will foot the bill women have
had it just as bad as men when it comes
to underwear if not worse than guys they
have to worry about pinching squirming
tugging and uncomfortable undergarments
well now Tommy John has fixed it they've
reimagined women's underwear with the
same patented designs in fabric
technology that made them a household
name my wife has a couple of parents Ami
Johnson and she thinks they're just
fantastic our female listeners can
experience the fantastic 21st century
comfort I've been talking about with
regard to men's wear now tan women's
wear as well with Tommy John's
luxuriously soft fabrics there is no
rolling no bunching no wedgies no
pilling no visible panty lines and of
course it's all backed by the best pair
she'll ever wear or it's free guarantee
so ladies stop worrying about your
ill-fitting underwear and get some Tommy
John's hurry over to Tommy John comm
slash Shapiro for 20% off your first
order that's Tommy John comm slash
Shapiro for 20% off again Tommy John
comm slash Shapiro and use that slash
capiro so they know that we sent you
again it's the best underwear you'll
ever wear or it's free that is the
guarantee
over at Tommy John's and there's a
reason they have become so wildly
popular and the reason that becomes
wildly popular is because they're
awesome their underwear is just that
good so go check it out Tommy John calm
slash appear he gets once he percent off
again and use that slash appear oh so
they know that we sent you okay so again
I think that the the focus on Paul Ryan
from the left has been Paul Ryan is a
bad guy because you didn't spend enough
time
ripping Trump up and down and then if
you watch Fox News and some of the
commentators on Fox News the problem
with Paul Ryan is that he wasn't
sufficiently obsequious to Donald Trump
you shouldn't spend to all of his time
kissing Trump's ass more well again
talking to the legislators talking to
the legislators I can tell you this
there are a lot of legislators who don't
like President Trump much personally but
they're keeping it under wraps for a
couple of reasons one because they think
that it is counterproductive to rip into
a president they have to negotiate with
and number two because they already
figured that it is well known the
president Trump has some character flaws
that are pretty serious and them
mouthing off about it only allows the
media to use them as a tool against the
Republican Party more generally that's
why I think it's very important to draw
a distinction in our minds in the
conservative movement between our
legislators and our thought leaders
these are not the same people now this
is a broader conversation that that I
think needs to be had who are the
thought leaders inside the Republican
Party who are the thought leaders inside
the conservative movement ever since the
days of Woodrow Wilson there's been an
