the White House cancels the Philadelphia
Eagles Paul Manafort allegedly gets
caught witness tampering and President
Trump talks about pardoning himself
we'll talk about all of it I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right so we have a lot to get to
today we will be talking about President
Trump disinviting the Philadelphia
Eagles and why that is a silly move we
will also be talking about Miss America
2.0 better than ever except for how it's
worse in every possible will explain
what I mean by that in just a second
first I want to make a couple
announcements we've decided to honor
father's day this year at the special
live stream when Tuesday June 12th 7:00
p.m. Eastern daily where God king Jeremy
Bourne will host a roundtable discussion
with me Ben Shapiro Andrew Clavin and
Michael Mills will discuss what
fatherhood means why fathers matter how
fatherhood will stand up against an
increasingly anti males culture and will
smoke cigars and ignore the fact that we
have wives and children subscribers will
be even will be able to answer well send
and write in live questions
okay just sending questions will answer
them and that is Tuesday June 12th 7
p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific you can find
our special live stream on Facebook and
YouTube so do not miss it alrighty so in
just a second I want to get to the
President and football and all the rest
of it first I want to say thanks to our
sponsor is over at Skillshare so you
need to make your resume better ok your
resume is fine I'm just telling you it's
ok likes nothing special make it better
ok make it better by adding a bunch of
skills you can put on your resume get
paid more change jobs if you're looking
to or just get better at something
you've always wanted to do that's what
Skillshare is for Skillshare is an
online learning platform with over
20,000 classes in business design
technology and more you can take classes
in social media marketing that's the one
that I've been taking illustration data
science mobile photography creative
writing human name it they've got it
needs our experts teaching them these
are 45 minute classes you can ask
questions it's really great whether
you're trying to deepen your
professional skill set start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
skill share is there to keep you
learning and thriving again I know that
people who watch my show listen to my
show our devotees of information and
that's what skill share is a firehose of
information you can get all new skills
just by going to skill share again get
two months of skill share for just 99
cents right now join the millions of
students already learning there and you
get two months of skills for just 99
cents for my listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 20,000 classes
all you have to do is go to skill share
calm
Shapiro's that skill share calm slash
Shapiro again go to skill shared comm
slash Shapiro start that two months for
99 cents right now skill share calm
slash reparo and make your resume that
much better ok we begin today with a
controversy of the day the President of
the United States just inviting the
Philadelphia Eagles so here is sort of
backstory the Philadelphia Eagles win
the Super Bowl in shocking fashion over
the New England Patriots and then a
bunch of the players say they don't want
to come to the White House now I have
said for a long time I know there's been
an issue since Trump became president
and there are a lot of sports teams
where people don't want to show up
whenever they're invited to the White
House when I've said for a long times I
think White House invitations to sports
teams are stupid I don't like the
ceremonial aspect of the White House all
that much I think that it's mats of
monarchism I don't like the idea of some
King like figure who sits around and
gives out magical awards to people as
though he is the great leader of the
United States as opposed to a
constitutional official elected to do a
particular job so I'm not a big fan of
sports teams visiting the White House in
the first place but it's been the thing
since Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump
invites the Philadelphia Eagles to show
up and a bunch of them decide you know
what not a big fan of President Trump
don't want to show up now this is not
the first time this has happened
I remember Tim Thomas who was on the NHL
Stanley Cup winning Boston Bruins back
during the Obama administration decided
that he didn't want to go to the White
House and left made a huge deal out of
it how could he do such a thing and I
was on Tim Thomas's side if I don't feel
like showing up to the White House to
receive an award from Jimmy Carter or
something I'm not going to show up to
the White House to receive an award from
Jimmy Carter or Barack Obama then I
don't see a problem with that well a lot
of the Eagles were not fans of President
Trump which is not particularly shocking
given the political breakdown of the NFL
most of the players in the NFL vote
Democrat most of the players in the NFL
are not big fans of President Trump so
apparently a bunch of them didn't want
to show up there you know dozens and
dozens of NFL players on the
Philadelphia Eagles and that list had
been whittled down to about 10 who
actually wanted to show up and there was
a report that it was all the way down to
like three and a mascot so that was
embarrassing for the president so the
president then canceled but the
president didn't just canceled the event
the president then put out a statement
about canceling the event and here is
what he said he said quote the
Philadelphia Eagles are unable to come
to the White House with their fo team to
be celebrated tomorrow they disagree
with their president because he insists
that they proudly stand for the national
anthem hand down heart in honor of the
great men and women of our military and
the paper of our country the Eagles
wanted to send a smaller delegation but
the 1,000 fans planning to attend the
event deserve better
these fans are still invited to the
White House to be part of a different
type of ceremony one that will honor a
great country pay tribute to the heroes
you fight to protect it and loudly and
proudly play the national anthem I will
be there at 3 p.m.
the United States Marine Band and the
United States Army Corps is to celebrate
America okay so they're a bunch of
things that are wrong with this
statement so first of all I love the the
self-centeredness of the statement is
really quite astonishing they disagree
with their president because he insists
that they proudly stand for the national
anthem
I love the speaking of himself and
third-person that because Donald Trump
is their president he also tweeted out
about this as well and here's what
President Trump tweeted same sort of
message the Philadelphia Eagles football
team was invited to the White House
unfortunately only a small number of
players decided to come and we cancel
the event
staying in the locker room for the
playing of our National Anthem is as
disrespectful to our country as kneeling
sorry okay well here's the problem
nobody on the Eagles mules for the
national anthem no one on the
Philadelphia Eagles that entire season
knelt for the national anthem there's
one player who didn't preseason he was
cut no one on the Philadelphia Eagles
actually note for the national anthem or
attempt to dishonor the national anthem
yeah but the President of the United
States is attempting to jump on this
culture war again this kneeling from the
national anthem routine again and again
because he thinks he's gonna get a
political win out of it when in effect
all that happened here is that a bunch
of eagles didn't want to show up and
president Trump decided to respond
essentially by slandering the
Philadelphia Eagles this is one of the
drawbacks of having President Trump be
who he is characterized listen I said
yesterday on Fox News and I stand by
this president Trump in terms of
governments has governed more
conservatively than any president of my
lifetime for his first 500 days the
president of the United States has given
us all sorts of wins if you are a
conservative he's given us justice Gore
said she's turned out to be a great
justice he has given us a bunch of
appellate court a court appointees who
have been just terrific he's given us
regulatory reform he's given us tax cuts
he's given us a move the embassy to
Jerusalem he's given us a lot of wins
has the President of the United States
but one area where the president
continues to befuddle
is his approach to these issues now I
know that there are a lot of folks in
the Trump base will be angry at me for
saying that the president is blowing a
ton issues like this they think that
every time the president mentions the
national anthem it's a big win for him
but here's the problem if you actually
like the national anthem if you like the
idea of unifying American symbols what
you can't do is slander people with
regard to how they approach the national
anthem by telling lies about them for
your own personal grant Iseman if you
really do respect the national anthem
then you can't say people aren't
standing who
our standing you can't do that just out
of a fit of personal pique it's
worthless not only is it worthless it's
counterproductive and it shows that the
president isn't really all that upset
about the national anthem stuff he's
more upset about the fact that the
Eagles wouldn't visit the White House
and come and see him and pay homage to
him that's a big problem for me if you
truly care about the symbolism of
unifying American symbols like the
American flag or the national anthem you
shouldn't be using them as wedge issues
now I objected when NFL players did it I
object to NFL players kneeling I think
it's stupid that so many on the left are
fine with NFL players kneeling for the
national anthem I think that is a
cultural totem to which we all should
pay a certain amount of respect but the
president is doing no better when he
decides that he's going to take players
out of context unfortunately this
actually ended up being an issue on Fox
News so Fox News they actually did a
segment last night talking about all of
this and the producers cut a bunch of
pictures so Shannon Brumos was doing the
segment's and a bunch of people who were
producing decided they would put a bunch
of pictures of the Philadelphia Eagles
kneeling there's only one problem all
the pictures of the man kneeling are
them praying it's not actually for the
national anthem
so here's what it looked like on fox
news new tonight the president
announcing the philadelphia eagles will
not be visiting the White House tomorrow
to celebrate their Super Bowl victory
due to the national anthem controversy
the Eagles who won Super Bowl 52
apparently wanted to send a smaller
group of players a handful did not plan
to attend but it appears the president
said no thanks now the president says
he's still gonna host a different okay
so in any case you can see actually when
you watch this thing and don't just hear
it you can actually see that Fox is
flashing a bunch of pictures of people
kneeling for the national anthem that of
course is not true and Fox had to
retract that today which is what they
should do they got it wrong they
acknowledged that they got it wrong that
was wrong to slander these players
saying that they knelt before the
national anthem all of this drove Zach
Ertz he's a player on the Philadelphia
Eagles to tweet out about it he tweeted
quote this can't be serious praying
before games with my teammates well
before the anthem is being used for your
propaganda just said I feel like you
guys should have to be better than this
and of course I think exactly correctly
the Fox News apologized for all of this
Torrey Smith who's a wide receiver on
the Philadelphia Eagles also came out
and bashed President Trump he responded
by saying so many lies shaking my head
here are some facts now many people were
going to go
no one refused to go simply because
Trump insists folks stand for the anthem
the president continues to spread the
false narrative that players are
anti-military and then Philadelphia's
mayor Jim Kenney issued a statement he
said the Eagles call the birthplace of
our democracy home so it's no surprise
that this team embodies everything that
makes our country and our city great
their athletic accomplishments on the
field led to a historic victory this
year fans all across the country rally
behind them because we like to root for
the underdog and we feel joy when we see
the underdogs finally win I'm equally
proud of the Eagles activism off the
field these are players who stand up for
the causes they believe in and who
contribute in meaningful ways to their
community they represent the diversity
of our nation a nation in which we are
free to express our opinions disinviting
them from the White House only proves
that our presidents is not a true
patriot but a fragile egomaniac obsessed
with crowd size and afraid of the
embarrassment of throwing the parties
which no one wants to attend City Hall
is always open for celebration the
Philadelphia Eagles then issued their
own statement they said it has been
incredibly thrilling to celebrate our
first Super Bowl championship watching
the entire Eagles community come
together has been an inspiration we're
truly grateful for the support we've
received and we're looking forward to
continuing our preparations for the 2018
season so what should President Trump
have done here
you should just swallowed hard and have
the players who want to come you should
said listen I wish that more people were
gonna come to the people's house to
experience the glory of our democracy
and come see the White House in person
which is a really cool experience no
matter who the president says I wish
more of them are doing that I feel bad
that so many people feel polarized by
our politics and my invitation stands
they're free to come whenever they want
to come it would have been fine it would
have been fine but the president reacted
in thin-skinned fashion and it made him
look foolish he shouldn't have done this
and he certainly shouldn't have lied
about the members of the Philadelphia
Eagles kneeling for all of this now in
other news I will say the NFL Players
Association all responded the stupidest
way available also and this is the
reactionary time in which we live
Trump reacts to NFL players by doing
something dumb then NFL players react to
President Trump doing something dumb by
doing something even more dumb so the
NFL Players Association put out a
statement they said our union is
disappointed in the decision by the
White House to disinvite players from
the Philadelphia Eagles from being
recognized and celebrated by all
Americans for their accomplishment this
decision by the White House has led to
the cancellation of several player led
community service events for young
people in the Washington DC area
NFL players loved their country support
our troops give back to their
communities and strive to make America a
better place well I don't understand why
you had to cancel the player left
community service events when the
players associations got some money in
its coffers if they really want to help
out
bunch of community members in the
Washington DC area those players can
still go and do this and in fact if they
wanted to show up the president that's
exactly what they would do they would
say the president disinvited us from the
White House we won't go to the White
House anyway but we still want to help
out the community members in Washington
DC but because the world of politics
revolves purely and simply around
president Trump that means that
everything Trump does is the is the
black hole around which the entire
universe and politics revolves and
that's really stupid it also means the
president should be more careful about
the stuff that he says because this sort
of stuff does have an impact on how
Americans think about President Trump I
have a column up in National Review
today all about why Democrats are losing
why Democrats aren't unable to get it
together
and one of the reasons is because
Democrats have been fighting culture
wars that they are losing well when the
president decides to go too far in the
culture wars it doesn't help him it only
hurts him and only hurts the causes that
he is pushing again if you believe in
the national anthem believe people
should stand for it you cannot lie about
people who are standing for the national
anthem kneeling for the national anthem
for your own personal political game
okay I have a little more to say on this
but first I don't say thanks to our
sponsors over at my Patriots apply so
FEMA now estimates that most Americans
have no plan for an emergency and the
truth is that if an emergency happens I
live in California there's an earthquake
FEMA may not be able to get to you for
at least 48 72 hours well that is why
the best time to prepare is now
hurricane season is already active
earthquakes are rumbling out here don't
wait most emergencies or a power grid
attack will give you zero warning so act
by securing dependable food storage
right now my Patriot supply has the
perfect food kit to get you started
they've helped millions of people for a
decade now this week you can get their
four-week emergency food supply for just
99 bucks that is a low price for
security again you spend 99 bucks you
stick it in the closet you don't have to
worry about it last for 25 years in
storage and that means you're no longer
gonna have to worry if there's a natural
disaster there's a riot outside just
gotta hunker down for a little while
then you just have the food in the
closet and you're the person who is
smart enough to think of it years ago
and the stuff does taste good I mean
I've noticed that people around the
officer legitimately we have to actually
get another emergency food supply
because we don't starve the people here
but apparently they've been going
through the pantry and taking out the
cans of emergency food splatting eating
them now there's no emergency don't do
that guys okay but you can get the four
week emergency food supply right now for
99 bucks 888 803 1413 that's 888 803
1413 or prepare with been calm prepare
with Ben
come check it out a preparer with been
calm for that special deal again 99
bucks for a four week emergency food
supply 888 803 1413 okay so what should
the president do with regard to the fact
that so many cultural figures dislike
him the president should simply point
out the cultural figures dislike him
here is the nice thing about where the
president sits in the pop culture sphere
I've made this point over the past
