the word that you need to look for is
chaos if what you're doing is causing
chaos you are going to be part of the
problem so here we are on the Ben
Shapiro shows Sunday special with Glenn
Beck and when we get into his new book
addicted to outrage in just one second
but first let's talk about your data
security whether you're in a cafe or a
hotel we often rely on public Wi-Fi to
use the internet on the go but something
as simple as paying your bills online
from a Starbucks could leave your data
exposed a hacker can easily intercept
your information steal passwords credit
cards personal details it's not just
hackers government agencies like the NSA
monitor the entire internet may be
scooping up your activity so what can
you do to defend yourself the software I
used to protect my online activity from
spies and data thieves it's called
expressvpn Express BPM has easy-to-use
apps that run seamlessly in the
background of my computer phone and
tablet expressvpn secures and anonymizes
my internet browsing by encrypting my
data hiding my public IP address using
expressvpn I can safely surf on public
Wi-Fi without being snooped on or having
my personal data stolen for best
protection I recommend using expressvpn
every time you go online Express VPN
cost less than seven bucks a month comes
with a 30-day money-back guarantee to
take back your internet privacy today
and find out how you can get three
months for free go to expressvpn comm
slash Ben that's expr ESS VPN comm slash
been for three months free with a
one-year package get expressvpn secure
internet now again that's expressvpn
comm slash Ben to learn more Glenn Beck
thanks for stopping by dude I appreciate
that well yes a brand new book out does
Glenn Beck addicted to outrage sure to
be a New York Times best seller like all
his other books are this one is really
you can tell a labor of love first of
all it's longer than a lot of your other
and saying well really covers an
enormous amount of ground what prompted
you to write this book in the first
place uh the last four years probably
you know I I mean Ben we've talked about
this before I I kind of went into a
depression of my job is to make sense
the world and my job is to point to the
exits there here here and here and I
couldn't point to the exits anymore I
didn't understand the world we were
living in anymore
and people that asks ok so ok what do we
do what do we do I
got to a point to when you know there's
a hundred and twenty different genders I
don't know cuz I don't know where this
is even coming from and so you know four
years ago I'm thinking okay I just don't
want to do this anymore cuz I don't know
I don't have an answer
started doing my homework started doing
some research started thinking
differently and really started to bone
up on post-modernism and what's really
happening where's where is this coming
from
once you find that and you see what the
goal is of just straight-up
deconstruction I can't think of a
positive thing of post-modernism not one
it's all about taking apart the Western
Way of life and anything that that came
out of the Enlightenment it's really hey
everybody let's go back to the Dark Ages
literally would you agree I think
there's interested in yeah so I can't
think of I can't think of a positive in
that how do you sell that positively so
when you start to understand that you
understand that there is no truth there
is no meaning at cetera et cetera you
start to understand maybe suicide rates
you start to understand why people are
arguing back and forth why people feel
betrayed why people feel like you're a
hypocrite wait you were just saying this
yesterday it's all post-modernism once
you know that now what and so I've spent
the last couple of years and a solid
year hiding that effect that's the
second time I wrote that book just
trying to say okay so now that we know
that we know their goal is chaos how do
we defuse that how do we take it apart
and we're going at it at 180 degrees
around right do you think that the
actual goal of the postmodernist is
cancer do you think it's just a natural
byproduct of their ideology meaning that
to kind of steal man the case for
post-modernism basically what they would
say is that we're all individuals who
operate with certain linguistic sort of
limitations we operate in our own world
there's no such thing as a universal
truth there's just your truth or my
truth there's just my logic and your
logic and we need to acknowledge that so
we can build a new world based on a
subjective objective views of the world
that might be better than the
patriarchal or that has been put in
place so I think that's a real
charitable viewpoint of it I think if
you go back to the roots of what's being
taught now you go back to the 1960s and
the Paris riots where we're not making
we cannot destroy culture we they
thought they had it they had the Beatles
they thought they had all of the culture
they had the hippie movement everything
was going their way that it fell apart
because they didn't have all of the
levers to take Western culture down okay
and again it's it's almost like what
they learned at the Frankfurt School the
people in the West they you know they
they would describe us as they're being
bought off they're being bribed they're
not gonna rise up because they're being
hypnotized brainwashed with their cars
and their products and everything else
they're not going to be the workers of
the world unite and tear it down
so when you look at it from that point
of view from the groups that got
together in the 50s and then again in
the 60s after the Paris riots you then
see that come and jump over here with
the expressed plan of being a virus and
to take down the Western Way of life so
is is that can I mean I guess the
opposition would say maybe that's
conspiratorial thinking is it motivated
or is it just the way that things happen
like are these people stating their case
no I think there's see this is the
problem you know and there's no nuance
in today's world anymore and that leaves
us in a world of black and white and
that's not the way things are there
there are those that look at
post-modernism as some of the founders
did of this particular strain of the
movement that want to tear it apart
because they are Marxist revolutionaries
okay
there are others that look at this you
know for literature and to be able to
understand it etc etc they don't
necessarily have the same goals in fact
I know professors who actually were
Marxist until recently and and one of
them is a guy who was postmodern
literature and felt that there was
meaning in there until recently now he
sees wait a minute the extreme is taking
the the wheel here
it's not those of us who are like now
there's some real meaning here but it's
the extreme and the extremes are the
ones that are or have have control so
there's a lot in your title here
addicted to outrage I want to start with
the first word and then we'll get to the
we'll skip the conjunction then we'll
get to the noise so the the first word
addicted you know you talk in the book
about the idea that we have actually
created an addiction to the feeling that
we get the sort of emotional high that
we get from ripping other people down
and feeling outraged and feeling and
feels good so can you describe that
first of all and also can you talk about
your background with addiction that
actually allows you to sort of shape
this sure okay so let's start with the
addiction we know I've talked to
programmers and and code writers for
Facebook and Google and everything else
they all will tell you if they're honest
we wrote this with all the bells and
whistles and we looked at each other and
how can we get people to spend more time
with us okay everybody does that it's
it's not a bad thing it's Cable News is
doing that what do I do to get you to
watch for another five minutes
so the device that we have now you know
Facebook Twitter all of these things
that we have you know the the the slang
word dope comes from dopamine a hit that
is naturally provided to us that we get
that makes us feel good there's all
kinds of these drugs that are in us that
are natural and addictive and you know
when you're when you're not getting them
you start to become depressed when you
are getting you're feeling good every
time you get a like every time you get a
retweet every time you hear a buzz or a
ding you get a dopamine hit you somebody
likes me
okay the entire country used to say
these people in the media all they're do
it they're only doing these things
because they want the clicks still
people will say that but no one is
saying what are you because why are you
saying this you're saying this because
you want your tweet or your Facebook
post to take off as well you're doing it
for the clicks as well and because we
keep getting this constant
positive reinforcement of the negative
that we put out call them a name you'll
get more dopamine we become addicted to
those that rush and it feels good
without the addiction it's still fun it
kind of feels good for conservatives
because no one has ever hit back for us
and when you have been beaten and beaten
and beaten for so long and you think
that the Western world is under attack
and everything that you hold dear and
it's gonna go away
you look for somebody if you've tried it
all play all over the fairways you look
for somebody who's gonna come in and
just go I'm gonna take you by the scruff
of the neck and I'm gonna take you out
back and beat the snot out of you that's
a problem because that adds to the chaos
of our society we abandon our principles
and principles are all we have if you
look at if you look at Kavanagh what's
happening with with Kavanagh let's not
talk about whether she's telling the
truth or he's telling the truth let's
step back a bit and look at that and say
look people on the right are calling her
name's people on the left are calling
him names we're not going to get
anywhere and all that's doing is
reinforcing to each side we're right and
they're the enemy and the more you get
aggravated and outraged by it the harder
you dig in because you're too vested in
that now I'm going to believe her till
the end of time I'm gonna believe him
till the end of time meanwhile we miss
the principle you know better than most
look there's there's criminal law
there's civil law and then those things
are based on our society what do we want
as people that we think is fair what do
we what do we really believe is justice
we've had a criminal court system that
hasn't been just for a long time back
and forth you know it's got its problems
still I think it's one of the best in
the world but it has its problems no one
no one if you take politics out if you
take the Supreme Court justice or the
Democratic charges take that all out and
I come to you and say then how do you
feel about living in a country where
someone could make an accusation not
know the facts have zero evidence
it's 37 years later the the people that
she did tell the one tells a slightly
different story and at the critical
point in your career at the the eleventh
hour someone can make a charge and call
you a rapist and we have to decide now
whether you're a rapist whether you can
have a job whether you're going to be in
society or not just based on do we like
her or you better
which one's gonna perform better on TV
what do you think is that a fair society
is that a dress horrible why aren't we
talking about that that's that's we are
we are arguing over these little things
while the big principles are just
crumbling nobody wants to live in that
society last night in LA I had a
conversation with a guy who you would
definitely know everybody in the
audience would know who is a very left
guy he sat in our apartment here well
who her eating dinner I had dinner with
a couple of friends and he came in he
said I can't keep up with my own side
I'm constantly on the outs now because I
can't keep up with them and you have to
100% buy into all of it this is
dangerous
this is dangerous when you have people
who are prominent on the left saying I
think I need to say something that tells
you that the absolute crazies are in
control and the average person doesn't
want any part of it
so as I was asking before so your own
addiction and your background in the
past some people may not have heard that
story and I think it does lend some
color to your talking about you know the
dopamine hits in the addiction that
we're all experienced so you know I my
mom died when I was
really young and this kind of took my
life and turned it around and I had been
working in radio when I was 13 and so I
had this really bad toxic mixture of
kind of being like you but you've
conquered this apparently he I became a
monster because everybody was like oh my
gosh look how great he's gonna be
imagine when he's 30 you know you heard
all that I became I bought it and I
became a monster and and I hated myself
and I started drinking and smoking pot
every day was 15 years old every day
until I was 30 and 30 years old my life
completely falls apart it was my 30th
birthday and I remember looking at the
alarm clock and it was about to turn
midnight and it was the day of those old
digital clocks where the numbers kind of
floated almost you know and I saw it
turn midnight and I said to myself your
life is about to change and I didn't
know how yet but I it took me three
years to finally admit that I was an
alcoholic cuz I was a very
high-functioning alcoholic most people
didn't even know I was plowed all the
time and and so that that's not what an
alcoholic is an alcoholic is somebody
who's lost all their money and and
they're you know a wino in the streets
it's not an alcoholic is but I and every
day I would get up and I'd look at
myself in the mirror and I would say
you're pathetic you said this time
yesterday that you wouldn't drink today
and what did you do I know I know I got
not today not today
sometime in the day I found a very
reasonable excuse to start drinking and
doing drugs so I did next day say the
same thing in America got so bad that I
couldn't look at myself in the mirror
anymore every time I would go into the
bathroom any place if there was a mirror
I either didn't use the sink or I opened
the mirror so I couldn't see myself my
daughter came
down my two daughters had breakfast with
me and I was having blackouts and you
know it's not you know in the movies
they make that funny and charming oh did
we do that no it's not funny and
charming you know your your body is on
Isla autopilot and shut everything else
down or it's gonna die
you know I mean and so I was having
blackouts which will freak you out and
my kids came down for breakfast one
morning and they were sitting there and
they said dad tell us the story of inky
blinky and stinky again and that was a
story of three little mice that go to
the island of cheese that I just made up
every night and and I realized not only
could I not remember the story I don't
remember even putting them to bed
I didn't remember being with them at all
and I sat there in such shame and I
thought what are you doing and I lied to
my kids and I said I remember the story
but do you remember the story and as I
fought back the tears over breakfast as
they were telling me the story all I'm
thinking is you got a stop and so I I
went to AAA and I was in the basement of
this church in Connecticut I lived in a
nice neighborhood and none of the people
look like alcoholics you know they're
all successful looking there was this
old lady that was sitting right in front
of me she had a sweater set and pearls
and you know Selma diamond is no okay
she was a great comedy writer in
television years ago and early radio but
she was hysterical and she you remember
Night Court yes okay
she was the bailiff never the woman that
taught me is that woman
sounded like Selma diamond okay and and
she's this beautiful old woman in a
sweater set in pearls and I stand up and
I said hi my name is Glenn and I think I
don't know if I'm an alcoholic and it
really kind of laughed and somebody said
what why why do you feel that way I mean
you're here pretty good indication and I
said well because I died you don't look
like alcoholics
without even turning around she said oh
honey we are all drunks in this room
that one comment gave me permission that
you can still be out of control in your
life and not be in the gutter and I
don't know why that was so hard for me
but I think in a way it's the same thing
we're having here we don't we know our
lives everything in our country is out
of control every day we look and we say
I'm gonna get off Facebook I'm gonna get
off Twitter it's just too ugly
I don't want we're doing it what's the
difference we are addicted the companies
are designing it for us to be addicted
we want that yeah in our life we all
know this isn't good the only difference
here is I can't think of a good reason
to drink
we're excusing it because we're standing
up for our country and no one wants to
surrender in the most important fight
maybe in the history of all mankind so
how do we fight and fight the addiction
at the same time yeah we're gonna talk a
little bit about that and I want to get
to the other half of the title how about
outrage but first let's talk about
getting life insurance so September is
national life insurance Awareness Month
if you listen to this show then you've
heard me talk about how important life
insurance is because here's the thing
you're gonna plot all of you 100 percent
of you will buy sorry to break it to you
I know it's a real downer but that means
you should probably be prepared for that
eventuality by making sure that your
family is not left without anything
here's the thing 40% of Americans still
don't have life insurance so if anything
were to happen to your to you your
family could be left in a really
difficult financial situation these days
there's not really an excuse for not
having it life insurance rates are at a
20-year low it's easier than ever to buy
it especially if you use policy genius
policy genius is the easy way to get
life insurance online in just two
minutes
you can compare quotes from the top
insurers to find the best policy for you
and when you compare quotes you save
money it's that simple policy genius has
helped over 4 million people shop for
insurance they've placed over twenty
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just do life insurance they also
do disability insurance renter's
insurance health insurance if you care
about it they've got insurance for you
so if you're looking for a good reason
to buy life insurance there are at least
three it's national
Insurance Awareness Month rates heard
it's one of your low and policy genius
