fallout from the Texas shooting
Democrats are out over their skis again
plus some new information on the
identity of the shooter and the man who
took him down a Real American Hero I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right so many things to talk about
today and I am looking forward to things
I like today because there's a fun
things I like in fact it's so much fun
that I actually didn't want to do the
show today I just wanted to be on
Twitter hash tagging accurate movie
summaries but we'll get to that in a
little while because some of these are
really funny but before we get to any of
that and I really do want to talk at
length about the hero who shot the Texas
massacre guy the the the evil shooter
who walked into a church and murdered 26
people including somewhere between 12
and 14 children that the guy who shot
him is an amazing story and really gives
the lie to a lot of democratic talking
points before we get to any of that
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at MVM T so do you see
this magnificent watch it is indeed
magnificent this watch it's just
fantastic I own two M VMT watches
they're both great I bought one for my
wife I bought one for my father
they are just excellent MVM T watches
are the best that you can get for a for
an inexpensive price holiday shopping
can be rough but MVM T watches are
perfect for this you can skip the crowds
you go directly to their website and
they start at just $95 at a department
store for a wash like this you're
looking at four to five hundred dollars
instead they market it directly online
and at such great prices MVM T watches
make great holiday gifts they've sold
over a million watches in over 160
countries you get 15% off today with
free shipping and free returns by going
to MVM t-dot-com slash shapiro again
that's MVM t-dot-com slash shapiro these
watches are nice enough that I've worn
one before Congress I wear them every
Sabbath they're really fantastic I again
have two of them I've one that is black
and I have one that is silver and I love
both of them they're really durable as
well MVM t.com / pure for 15% off you
with free shipping and free returns your
order from MDM T calm again terrific
terrific watches I just I love their
gear I also have some sunglasses that I
really like so MD comma / appear oh okay
so from begin today with the update on
all the information that you need to
know about this awful shooting in in
Texas so we now know we now know that
the reason this man had guns the reason
this piece of human
had guns is because the government
screwed it up so whenever you hear
people talking about why the government
needs more regulations just remember
this was a government screw-up in the
first place this man was legally
forbidden from owning or buying guns he
was legally forbidden from doing so
that's not stopping people like Ted Lou
Democratic congressman from California
from legitimately walking out on a
moment of silence for the victims in
Congress he walked out on it in order to
draw attention to gun control it's
really just grandstanding I went after
him on Twitter for it I asked him if he
made a habit of walking out on funerals
so that he could go to soup kitchens or
does he wait until after the funeral in
order to do the things that he thinks
are worthwhile well he wasn't you know
happy to hear that instead he said that
he was standing up for everyone because
we need more gun control this of course
has been the consistent call from
everyone on the left gun control gun
control gun control the government
failed here here is what we now know
according to media I okay we have our
answer in a statement released by the
air force today a spokesperson confirmed
that the shooter his criminal
convictions did not make their way into
the federal database according to the
Texas Tribune the Air Force has launched
a review of how the service handled the
criminal records of former airman devin
P Kelly following his 2012 domestic
violence conviction kelly was convicted
by a general court-martial on two
charges of domestic assault against his
wife and stepson under Article 128 of
the Uniform Code of Military Justice he
served 12 months in confinement at the
Naval consolidated brig Miramar in
California before being released with a
bad conduct discharge in 2014 he was
busted down to e1 federal law prohibit
him from buying or possessing firearms
after this conviction he had a gun
anyway why did he have a gun anyway
because initial information indicates
his domestic violence offense was not
entered into the national criminal
information center database by the
Holloman Air Force Base Office of
Special Investigations okay so this is
the fault of the Air Force that did not
enter the information into the computer
we've seen situations like this before I
believe that it was was it I think is
the the Charleston shooter who also was
forbidden from buying guns and there was
a screw-up in the background check just
saying there ought to be background
checks doesn't make the background
checks actually happen and now we know
that there are tons of red flags about
this again human piece of crap here are
some of the things we now know about
this guy
and again this is why it's it's so
foolish to suggest that the best
way to weed out mass shooters is by
confiscating guns from hundreds of
millions of Americans instead we ought
to be looking for red flags because
almost invariably the only exception I
can think of actually is the Las Vegas
shooter every one of these guys has a
bunch of red flags in their history so
here are just some of the red flags for
this for the shooter in in Texas in
Sutherland Springs number one he tried
to date underage girls and I mean really
underage according to the New York Post
when he was 18 he tried dating a 13 year
old and later reportedly suggested she
lived with him and his wife as a topless
maid and that 13 year old suggested that
Kelly essentially stalked her his court
martial for domestic violence was not
just him hitting his wife or hitting his
stepson he cracked the skull of his
infant stepson multiple times okay on
purpose according to court records he
assaulted his then wife she divorced him
he remarried he was arrested for animal
cruelty a few years back he was arrested
in Colorado Springs RV park for punching
a dog throwing it and dragging it he was
given probation after an hour-long
standoff with police results in his
arrest he beat the living crap out of a
dog and then he'd beat the living crap
out of your infant stepson and not only
don't you end up in jail for life for
these offenses you then can buy a gun
because the government screws it up so
there are a bunch of problems here the
first problem I would suggest is why are
you out on the street after you beat the
living crap out of the dog why are you
out on the street after you've fracture
repeatedly an infant steps on skull and
should be in jail for attempted murder
presumably instead he's out on the
street not only that the government
fails to report his criminal activity
said the laws that are on the books
don't work right he saw actual people
like David Frum saying yesterday I think
we should borrow all mentally ill people
and people with criminal convictions for
domestic violence promoting guns good
idea David that's been part of federal
law for the last 20 years okay it's
already been part of it it doesn't help
if the government can't enforce this is
the problem with how the government like
how the people on the left like to think
about gun control the government is big
and inefficient it lets things slip
through the cracks whether you're
talking 9/11 the JFK assassination or
this shooting
they let things slip through the cracks
they should have known about and then
later we say well if we just passed a
few more laws that would fix it making a
big and inefficient government bigger
and more inefficient is not the way to
stop these things the only way to stop
these things is to either give the
government fewer things to do and make
them better at it or presumably to allow
armed citizen
to walk around with guns and this is
where we get to the final thing here
this guy was threatening his
mother-in-law his mother-in-law went to
the church this was apparently sort of a
family dispute so he was on the outs
with his wife they were still married
but they were estranged and he had gone
his mother-in-law attended the church he
went there and shot up the shirt she was
able to buy four guns in the past four
years okay and the authorities are now
saying pretty clearly that this guy
should never have been allowed to buy a
gun here is a Texas official talking
about how this church shooting was
motivated by domestic violence
considerations there was a domestic
situation going on within this family
the suspects mother-in-law attended this
church we know that he had made
threatened threatening uh she had reset
threatening texts from him and and and
we can't go into details about that
domestic situation that is continuing to
be vetted and thoroughly investigated
but we want to get that out there that
this was not racially motivated there
was it wasn't over religious beliefs
there was a domestic situation going on
within the family and the in-laws okay
so we now see that there's a motive in
this case we also find out from this
officials again his name's Martin is
sorry Freeman Martin he's San Antonio
region director for the Texas Department
of Public Safety he also adds that there
is no way this person should have been
able to obtain a gun here's what he had
to say we can confirm that the sub
suspect did not have a license to carry
the suspect did have a non-commissioned
an orange private security license
similar to a security guard at a concert
type situation private security
background checks including fingerprints
and a criminal history checks with the
Texas Crime Information Center and
National Crime Information Center
databases were checked and he was clear
okay so this again is a government
failure and arts and we're told that the
solution here is government I'll tell
you there there is not sometimes there's
just not a solution okay sometimes this
is something that the left will say
about terrorist attacks and I think
there is some truth to it I think there
are there measures that we can take to
minimize the possibility but when you
are talking about crazy people who
obtain guns in violation of law already
passing more laws is not going to stop
that from occurring
and in fact the people on the left
Elizabeth Warren for example Elizabeth
Warren was out there tweeting about the
NRA this holy God the NRA the NRA is
paying people off first of all the NRA
is not paying people off there millions
of people who are members of the NRA
because they believe that their best
shot at defending their lives and is
what the founders believed too was
owning a firearm John Adams talked about
the fact that everyone in Massachusetts
was mandated mandated by law in colonial
times to own a gun for purposes of being
part of the state militia protecting
their lives in their liberty okay this
has always been part of the American
creed and I think it's a very good part
of the American creed Elizabeth Warren
however says the NRA is responsible you
see a bunch of people on the Left saying
things like the NRA just doesn't care if
there are terrorist attacks the NRA
doesn't care if there are mass shootings
the NRA is behind these things that it
benefits the NRA somehow for there to be
mass shootings well here is the lie for
it for that does this gives the light of
that the guy who shot and presumably
killed this this shooter this mass
shooter know that the mass shooter was
shot I guess three times twice he was
wounded and man who wounded him was this
man right here Stephen Willeford so
Stephen Willeford is a lifelong NRA
member Stephen Willeford is an NRA
instructor and here's Stephen Willer
Stephen Willeford represents everything
that the Left hates about American gun
ownership but here they have to pay
homage to him because he actually saved
lives I mean this guy could have gone
with his gun and shot up many more
places if Stephen Willeford hadn't
hopped in I mean this is an amazing
thing that happened in Texas that
wouldn't happen nearly anyplace else
there were there are two separate people
who came to running to the situation
carrying guns and then chased this guy
down with their truck knowing that not
only was he armed and dangerous he just
murdered dozens of people that's an
amazing amazing thing but here is the
the one of the heroes of the story
Stephen Willeford and and how it came
about that he that he shot this is this
evil piece of garbage on steven crowder
show every time i heard a shot i was
thinking that was assigned to someone
else right that shot was assigned he was
shooting at another person every time I
heard I stock fire and I didn't have
time to put shoes on oh he had first
shot for me as my head but
as I was behind the truck and using it
for cover okay and we exchanged fire and
he had the neighbor's car's windshield
he hit the neighbor's house and he got
into the vehicle and I fired a beginner
and he fired two more shots through his
side actually he shot fired two shots
through a side window first and it put
Otis the two distinct pistol shots
coming through the sides of the window
and I fired my our 15 again and it took
the window down it fell okay
and I took and I took another stop and
at this point I'm stupid where his head
would be okay and he ended up actually
shooting and wounding the eye twice once
in the leg and once in the body he was
using his own rifle right a rifle that
the left wants to ban the ar-15 he was
using his rifle to take down this guy
what would this could this guy taint his
guns illegally again for the ninth time
this guy obtained his guns illegally
what would have happened if he had the
guns and Stephen Willeford did not have
the guns and was not an NRA instructor
he continues again this is the type of
American that there are so many on the
hardcore left who they really dislike
this guy right he's a bitter clinger
clings to God and religion and guns
obviously right exactly the kind of
person that Barack Obama didn't like in
2008 here he is explaining why he's no
hero
and talking about God in a way that
makes a left very very uncomfortable I
was scared to death
I was I was scared for me and I was
scared for every one of them I was
scared for my own family that just lived
less than a block away Oh God
I'm no hero I am NOT I think my God my
Lord protected me and gave me the skills
to do what needed to be done
and I just wish I could have gotten
there faster but I didn't know hey for
all of the people for all the people on
the left you've been saying thoughts and
prayers are meaningless and that none of
this matters this is what thoughts and
prayers are are for okay thoughts and
prayers are for stealing people like
Stephen Willeford thoughts and prayers
it's it's a religious belief that you
have to cultivate your skills in order
so that you can defend others okay as
man says he's not a hero he is a hero he
says he was scared but being scared is
what makes him a hero right me he was
scared he ran out there barefoot loading
his gun while he was running toward the
toward the sound of the fire and he was
not the only person who did this by the
way he wasn't the only guy but the fact
that you know he's a deeply religious
person obviously the fact that the left
does not I'm seeing a lot of folks on
the Left today and and yeah it's not
everyone on the left obviously but I
think that I'm seeing a lot of folks on
the left today who are disparaging the
thoughts and prayers stuff and they're
also suggesting how could he be
religious this is such a it's such a
honestly teenage take on religion how
could he be religious when people in a
church just got shot and killed okay the
problem of theodicy the problem of how
does evil exist in a world where God has
Providence how does that work this has
been something that religious thinkers
have been thinking about for
legitimately thousands of years okay
this is nothing new and religious people
have come to the conclusion there are
certain things that we just don't
understand about God's action that
doesn't mean that God doesn't have a
plan and it also doesn't mean that I
don't have a duty and it's that duty
that godly Duty that drove Stephen
Willeford he is a hero he did own a gun
he needed to own the gun he was a member
of the NRA who's an NRA instructor okay
though I keep hearing the NRA is behind
these shootings the NRA likes these
shootings named for me now how many
members of the NRA have been responsible
for mass shootings the answer is zero
the whole purpose of the NRA is to arm
people like Stephen Williford not to arm
people like this piece-of-crap who shot
up the church and again the law barred
that guy from owning a gun but the left
wants is from the Watts who also bar
Stephen Williford from owning a gun how
would that have gone exactly I want to
give some some time to the the other
hero in the situation a guy named Johnny
Langer Dorf and and talk about
misconception in my own in a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at frame bridge so if you
are looking to frame family photos frame
bridge is the best place to do it we use
it in the Shapiro household what we do
is we go to frame bridge comm we upload
our photos from our computer directly
from our Instagram feed or if you have a
physical item we send it directly to
them and then they mail it back
framed ready to be put on the wall they
have an expert team that will custom
frame our item in days and you can
preview your photo online in any frame
style they'll deliver your finished
piece directly to you
or your loved ones along with a
handwritten gift note it makes fantastic
Christmas gift or Hanukkah gift or
Kwanzaa gets whatever holiday you you
are part of instead of the hundreds that
you would pay at a framing store for
custom framing their prices started at
39 bucks all shipping is free plus my
listeners will get 15% off their first
order at frame bridge comm promo code
Shapiro again that's frame bridge comm
promo code Shapiro and they offer
happiness guarantee so if you don't like
it you're not 100 percent satisfied
they will make it right again frame
bridge calm and use promo code Shapiro
this is a unique gift that makes for a
terrific family gift again promo code
Shapiro at frame bridge comm get 15% off
your first order and the prices are
cheaper than the retail outlets anyway
so you'd want to go there anyway for
Enbridge comm promo code Shapiro okay so
the the other hero of this story is an
Emil angered or so what happened is that
Steven will offer charged out of his
house after being told by his daughter
there's some shooting going on at the
church he charged out of his house
