a Republican lawmaker just killed
himself after sexual molestation
allegations Joe Biden makes a power move
and Democrats are getting out a little
bit over their skis over Alabama I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
okay so we have a lot to get to today as
always a crazy article from The New
Yorker a bizarre sort of study that
comes out from the New York Times that
makes no sense whatsoever and of course
this crazy story about a GOP state Rep
and I guess Kentucky who shot and killed
himself after allegations of sexual
molestation will talk about all of that
and the fallout but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at man
crates so this is one of my favorite
sponsors obviously not just because
they're called man crates but also
because they're super cool man crates
calm it's the surest way to get gifts
that guys will actually love guaranteed
it's not a cheese of the Month Club it's
not a new tie or a sweater now for over
a hundred hand curated gift collections
for every type of guy from the rugged
outdoorsman to the sports fanatic and
everything in between
they have the whiskey appreciation crate
with it personalized to cancer and
glasses for your favorite drink or the
grillmaster crate with a brass knuckle
meat tenderizer and a cast-iron smoker
box to all man's stuff so here's the one
that I got which is pretty awesome I
have this look at this an ammo box okay
and inside this ammo box poker stuff
okay so first I have to make some
friends once I do that it's gonna be
awesome so here it is check that out oh
yeah man crates they're pretty amazing
and again if you think this is cool they
have all sorts of different options for
a variety of people and types so you can
check that out if I can ever get this
closed again bear boom man man crates
love it everyone agrees that these are
these presents are amazing and they have
thousands of five-star reviews every man
crate comes with a high-five guarantee
of course go-to man crates calm slash
men get five percent off your order
that's five percent off your order at
man crates calm slash man that's man
crates calm slash Ben get five percent
off your order and you too can become a
real man with man crates calm or it can
at least make your spouse or your
boyfriend or your dad feel good okay so
this is a crazy story it broke last
night apparently there was a GOP
lawmaker in Kentucky who shot himself
days after denying allegations of sexual
misconduct so according to a report from
a local radio station
his name is representative Dan Johnson
and he reportedly shot and killed
himself on a bridge in Mount Washington
Kentucky police told WDRB they've
recovered the gun that he used on Monday
the content
Center for Investigative Reporting
published an expose with an accuser who
is a friend of his daughter saying that
Johnson raped her when she was 17 she
alleged the assault took place in 2012
and New Year's Eve sleepover party when
he was a pastor Johnson dismissed the
allegation he said this allegation
concerning this lady this young girl
absolutely has no merit it is the season
last election it seemed to be racism
this election it seems to be sexual
impropriety he left a suicide note as
well and the suicide note was was heavy
on God reference as he basically said
the accusation here's what the suicide
note said he posted it on his Facebook
page before shooting himself obviously
when we were due to it after shooting
himself so the accusations from NPR are
false God and only God knows the truth
nothing is the way they make it out to
me America will not survive this type of
judge and jury fake news conservatives
take a stand I love God and I love my
wife who's the best wife in the world my
love forever my mom and dad my family
and all five of my kids and nine
grandchildren too in tummies and many
more to come each of you or a total gift
from God stay strong Rebecca needs you
911 911 2001 New York City WTC PTSD 24/7
16 years is a disease that will take my
life I cannot handle it any longer it
has won this life but heaven is my home
please listen closely only three things
I ask of you to do if you love me is
quote blame no person Satan is the
accuser so blame the devil himself
forgiven loved everyone especially
yourself most importantly love God PS I
love my friends who our family God loves
all people no matter what so I'm gonna
go out on a limb here and say this guy
had some mental trouble before he shot
himself
the reason I'm gonna say that is because
of references like 9/11 PTSD 24/7 16
years of sickness that will take my life
I can't handle it any longer it's it's
obviously a tragedy for the guy's family
it does raise the question as to what
standard of proof we're going to hold
for politicians because one of the big
problems that we've seen is so many
people saying that Roy Moore was
innocent for example in Alabama because
they didn't want to believe all of the
evidence that been brought forth by
accusers it is absolutely rational and
reasonable to say that you don't have to
believe all women okay when I sit what
meaning not all women are equally
credible because not all people who
accuse people of crimes are equally
credible not all men are equally
credible this believe all women stick
it's a little bit strong if we believe
to all women and then stopped our
evidentiary findings of that we would
just be jailing guys willy-nilly without
any due process whatsoever and in the
public's view
would be throwing people out of the
public sphere without any regard for the
credibility of the accusers at all I saw
Joe Biden trying to take advantage of
this sort of moral panic that's set in
by saying he wishes he had done more for
Anita Hill over to the Clarence Thomas
allegations the allegations about
Clarence Thomas that out is that
Clarence Thomas once made a remark I
believe about a pubic hair on a coke can
and this was supposed to make sure that
he was not a Supreme Court justice and
it turns out that there are a lot of
serious questions about a Nita Hills
story they've now made a documentary
about her on HBO if Democrats are trying
to say that that Clarence Thomas should
step down over all of this without any
real evidence that any of this ever
happened the evidence is very sketchy at
best for money to help so we do have to
be careful with all of this the reason
that I said I said this all along the
reason that I thought the Roy Moore
allegations were true is because Roy
Moore did a very poor job of defending
himself there were a multiplicity of
allegations all of the verifying details
were present now is it possible then Roy
Morrison isn't sure it's possible he was
innocent it's possible but I don't think
it was probable but we have to have an
evidentiary standard in our own head I
think Tucker Carlson made this point
last night pretty well he said that he'd
been falsely accused of sexual
harassment before and he told his story
maybe all of these people are guilty as
charged
sexual harassment is real and apparently
common so it could be how common is it
well it would be nice to know that but
that would require facts which are one
of the many things these cases lack
along with names and dates and the
specific nature of the crimes alleged
details matter because in the end they
add up to proof proof is what ensures
that the innocent aren't punished and
protecting the innocent is the very
essence of Western justice unfortunately
we are moving in the opposite direction
toward a standard where to be accused
means to be judged guilty and one of the
big problems with the conflation between
sexual harassment and sexual assault is
that we actually have statistics on
sexual assault and it is not nearly as
common as the media are making it out to
be I mean the number of women in the
United States have been raped is
extraordinarily low by percentage every
one of those an evil act every rapist
should be castrated or killed in my
opinion at least jailed for life but the
the problem that we have here is that
there are no standards that are being
applied the stand the only standard that
seems to be applied is what is useful
and what is not politically now again
should we be taking all of this stuff
seriously yes when the accuser comes for
we should take it seriously because
there are cases where politicians are
really responsible for evil things and
yes it goes hidden for years and years
and years I mean the case in point would
be Denny Hastert it came out that Dennis
Hastert was the former House Speaker
right from a Republican House Speaker he
has now been banned from having contact
with anyone under 18 years of age unless
an adult is present who's aware that he
pled guilty and a hush money case
related to the sexual abuse of teen boys
according to new restrictions imposed by
a federal judge the restrictions state
quote Michelle not have contact with any
person under the age of 18 except in the
presence of a responsible adult who's
aware of the nature of his or her
background and current offense and who
has been approved by the probation
officer and treatment provider he never
faced sexual abuse charges because the
statute of limitations had expired but
he did plead guilty in October 2015
Hastert destructuring bank transactions
to pay off an accuser now the reason
that I bring all of this up is because I
think that as these accusations become
more and more common and more and more
covered and as people leap to knee-jerk
responses about particular politicians
or people we do have to think about how
easy would be to manipulate the system
you know it would be relatively easy to
manipulate the system because
male-female relations are not always cut
and dry it would not be that difficult
for some for a woman and a man to
perceive relationships in different ways
and then for the woman to tell all of
her friends in the way that she
perceived it and suddenly you have an
account that she says she was raped and
she told all of her friends at the time
the guy says wait a second that was
consensual one of the things that I
think is a problem is avoiding the
necessary thinking that we have to do
about these issues in order to virtue
signal so one of the people whose virtue
signalling today is Morgan Spurlock
Morgan Spurlock of course at the
documentary filmmaker and he wrote this
letter on Twitter telling readers that
he wasn't asking who will be next
he was asking when will they come for me
this is his way of doing the Mia culpa
the way that he is doing a Maher culpa
is by basically saying that he's part of
the problem right this is the way that
he's gonna get off is by virtue
signaling not by asking serious
questions about whether he actually
heard a woman or whether he did
something wrong or whether he's being
falsely accused but instead by simply
saying I'm just going to assume that I
did something wrong he now let me off
the hook and you're gonna see more and
more men doing this and it doesn't
actually solve the problem as to what
sort of behavior is acceptable and what
sort of behavior isn't so here's
moorlands Morgan Spurlock's letter that
he posted on Twitter bit by bit he said
as I sit around watching
laughter hero man after man followed the
realization of their past indiscretions
I don't sit by and wonder who will be
next I wonder when will they come for me
you see I've come to understand after
months of these revelations that I am
NOT some innocent bystander and I'm also
part of the problem and whenever
somebody says I'm part of the problem
you can bet that they actually did
something they want to cover up for and
now they're gonna get out in front of it
here's what he says I'm sure I'm not
alone in this thought but I can't act
blindly as though I didn't somehow play
a part in this and if I'm going to truly
represent myself as someone who was
built a career in finding the truth it's
time for me to be truthful as well I'm
part of the problems this is the third
time already he's saying is part of the
problem he's over my life there have
been many instances that parallel what
we see every day in the news when I was
in college whoo girl who I hooked up
with on a one-night stand accused me of
rape not outright there were no charges
or investigations but she wrote about
the instance in a short story writing
class and called me by name a female
friend who was in the class told me
about it afterward I was floored that's
not what happened I told her that wasn't
how I remembered it at all in my mind
we'd been drinking all night and then
went back to my room we began fooling
around she pushed me off we laid in the
bed and talked and laughed some more and
then began fooling around again we took
off our clothes she said she didn't want
to have sex we laid together and talked
and kissed and laughed and then we
started having sex lite-brite she said
what lite-brite that toys it that kids
turned it's all I can see and think
about she said and then she started to
cry I didn't know what to do we stopped
having sex and I rolled beside her I
tried to comfort her to make her feel
better
I thought I was doing okay I believe she
was feeling better she believed she was
raped that's why I'm part of the problem
well that's not really clarifying the
issue right now it's basically saying
that a woman's subjective perception of
a situation which can be interpreted in
a variety of different ways we as the
public are simply supposed to believe
that subjective account you can't
destroy people's lives or careers based
on subjective accounts of events that
are in conflict this is where we get
into some really dicey and uncomfortable
territory because we all know sexual
assault is bad we all know the sexual
harassment is bad and I'm you know a
fortunate guy I've never been in any of
these scenarios right I was a virgin
until I was married a famously one of
most famous virgins until marriage in
American history probably you know and
then that was yeah I think a good
decision one of the reasons I think it
was a good decision is because I don't
have any instances like this in my past
but you can see how any subjective
interpretation of a problem can now
become a national issue its Myrtle Locke
says there was a time I settled a sexual
harassment allegation in my office this
is around eight years ago and I wasn't
it wasn't a groupie feely harassment it
was verbal and it was just as bad well I
don't know that that is just as bad
right if you say
a woman I really don't think that's just
as bad as groping woman's breasts for
example he said I would call my female
assistant hot pants or sex pants when I
was yelling to her from the other side
of the office right so he's a pig but I
think there's a difference between a pig
and somebody who is evil per se says
something I thought was funny at the
time but then I realized that completely
demean him a little turn to a place of
non-existence right so this is you being
a douchebag this is objective right the
reasonable man standard says you are a
douchebag right if you do this sort of
stuff that you're a bad guy if you do
this sort of stuff but he's conflating
subjective interpretations of open
events with objective verifiable
situations where he's being a bad guy
but he says I'm part of the problem then
there's the infidelity I've been
unfaithful to every wife and girlfriend
I've ever had and now this just turns
into him coming out as now he's I mean
talk about virtuous signaling virtuous
signaling is where he confess every sin
that you've ever done in order so that
you look virtuous right he says over the
years I would look at each of them in
the eye and proclaim my love and then
have sex with other people behind their
backs I hurt them and I hate it but it
didn't make me stop the worst but why
like why isn't he telling this to his
priest why is he telling this to us does
the worst part is I'm cons and someone
who consistently hurts those closest to
me for my wife to my friends to my
family and my partners and coworkers
I've helped create a world of disrespect
to my own actions and I am part of the
problem and what caused me to act this
way is it all ego or was it the sexual
abuse I suffered as a boy and a young
man in my teens there we go abuse that I
only ever told that my first wife for
fear is being seen as weak or less than
a man's and now we're gonna blame his
past for all the decisions that he's
been making is it because my father left
my mother when I was a child that she
believed he never respected her so that
disrespect carried over into their son
or is it because I've been consistently
drinking since the age of 13 and the
sexual dalliance is were they meaningful
or did they only serve to try and make a
weak man feel stronger I don't know none
of these things matter when you chip
away at someone and consistently make
them feel like less of a person I am
part of the problem we all are this sort
of sort of gut spilling that's happening
now I don't think that it's particularly
helpful to the conversation we as a
society are going to have to determine
what we think is objectively verifiable
what evidence we find on behalf of
particular allegations what standard of
behavior is it now requires us to end
somebody's career or damage their
livelihood and then we're gonna have to
stick with that because what I don't
like is this constantly shifting
standard by which only the only thing
that matters is the sort of is the sort
of uncomfortable realizations people
come to
then we let them off the hook or the or
the idea that every subjective
interpretation of a series of events
must be taken with equal credibility
okay before I go any further here I'll
talk about to follow from Alabama first
I don't say thank you to our sponsors
over at the u.s. CCA
so can you say with a hundred percent
confidence that you and your family and
your home are safe what if you are
forced to pull the trigger what if
something breaks in your house you have
to shoot them do you know exactly what
to say when the cops arrive look these
aren't important things every
responsible gun owner should know you'll
find all the answers in the u.s. CCA
complete firearms and family defense
guide you're gonna miss your chance to
get yours completely free unless you act
right now go over to defend my family to
calm right now defend my family now
decide defend my family now to calm the
digit to defend my family now
to calm in this 164 page free guide
you'll get how to detect attackers
before they see you safest and most
dangerous places to sit in a restaurant
how to responsibly own and store a gun
even if you have small children
particularly if you have small children
again you have to hurry if you want to
get that free copy defend my family now
to calm to get yours before it's gone
defend my family now to.com get that
before it is gone okay so meanwhile in
in Alabama the fallout continues and it
is pretty obvious that everyone on the
