an actor praises me and gets destroyed
for it president Trump suffers through
Putin fallout and should Americans
defend Montenegro I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
I got to admit I'm kind of in a mood
today and you're going to feel the
benefits or the downsides of that mood
in just a minute but first I want to
remind you that we are taking the Ben
Shapiro show live this August to
audiences in Dallas in Phoenix you
should know we've now sold out of all of
our general admission tickets for Dallas
we're opening up the very last 800 seats
available
we're almost out out sold out of our
event in Phoenix if you haven't gotten
your tickets yet you should get them now
or you could miss out on the event
entirely its daily wired.com slash
events daily wired.com slash events to
get those tickets the events are going
to be great also I don't mind you if you
don't want anyone peeking over your
shoulder when you're on the internet you
don't want anybody gathering your data
you don't want anyone tracking you
online you need a VPN and the people you
should be using for your VPN are
expressvpn expressvpn has easy to use
apps that run seamlessly in the
background of my computer phone and
tablet turning on expressvpn protection
only takes one click expressvpn secures
in a knot and anonymizes your internet
browsing by encrypting your data and
hiding your public IP address and
protecting yourself with expressvpn it
cost less than seven bucks a month
expressvpn is rated the number one VPN
service by TechRadar comes with a 30-day
money-back guarantee so if you ever use
public Wi-Fi you want to keep hackers
and spies from seeing your data
expressvpn is the solution if you don't
hand over your online history to your
internet provider or Daniel resellers
expressvpn is indeed your answer so
protect your online activity today I do
I mean there's a lot of folks I know who
are targeting me online that's why I use
Express VPN protect your online activity
today find out how you can get three
months for free and expressvpn comm
slash pen that's Express expr ESS VPN
comm slash ban for three months free
with a one-year package that's
expressvpn comm slash Ben to learn more
go check it out expressvpn comm slash
been for that three months free with the
one-year package okay so one of the
reasons that I'm in a mood today aside
from the fact that I had an allergic
reaction to fish last night and spent
half the night in the hospital aside
from that the reason that I am in a mood
today is because there's a guy who I
thought was a very nice guy named Mark
Duplass mark Duplass you probably
recognized he's faces one of these sort
of face guys from TV or if you see him
walking around on the street go yeah I
recognize that guy from TV but he's not
like a top-line star where you would
know his name he's apparently very big
in some of the indie director circles
like he does a lot of indie director
films and he's you know somewhat
well-known in those circles well
yesterday he tweeted something out and
what he tweeted out was this he tweeted
out fellow liberals if you're interested
at all in cross
in the aisle you should consider
following than Shapiro I don't agree
with him on much but he's a genuine
person who once helped me for no other
reason than to be nice
he doesn't bend the truth his intentions
are good which is much appreciated I
mean it's a nice thing for him to say
right and I'll tell you what the nice
thing that I did for mark Duplass was
and the nice thing I did for marthy
Plaza is he emailed me like a lot of
folks do and he said I'm doing a show
that has to do with a narrative there's
a narrative in there about guns and gun
control and gun use and I wanted to get
a perspective on the right side of the
aisle cuz I don't get to hear that all
that often and I thought that's a nice
thing I'm glad somebody from Hollywood
actually cares enough to want to hear
from people who are pro Second Amendment
folks people who actually care about gun
rights so he came into the office and I
kept it on the down-low because I had
there's a basic rule that I have here we
have we actually do have a fairly large
number of active Hollywood stars who
come into the office who are pretty big
fans of the show or they enjoy what I do
and I have a rule with them which is no
one gets to take pictures basically we
try to keep it on the down-low as much
as possible because Hollywood is a
one-party Stalinist town Hollywood is
the kind of place or if it gets out that
you once took a picture with me they
will crush you right if they find out
that you are friendly with me or once
had dinner we went out to we went out to
lunch or something then they will come
after you with a vengeance and I knew
this right so I knew this for about Mark
Duplass also so Mark Duplass comes in
and we spent probably an hour and a half
just talking over gun rights with him
trying to explain the various points of
view trying to explain where I thought
the flaws were in the pro Second
Amendment position and how do you
counter those where the flaws are in the
in the pro-gun control position how you
counter those I tried to be sort of as
honest about the about the argument as I
possibly could and then we shook hands
and he took off and I said if you need
any other context you need anybody who
you need to talk to on either side of
the aisle I know some folks on both
sides of the aisle who have different
opinions on this issue I'm happy to
facilitate I'm glad that you're actually
trying to take into account views that
may not be your own on this issue all
right very nice everything's fine and
then I didn't ask him to do anything so
I literally have not spoken with him
since this day which was what maybe a
couple of months ago guys there's a
couple of months ago and so he so he
leaves and then he tweets that out right
that very nice thing and that's and
that's fine and then he gets ratioed so
being ratioed on twitter is where you
get more comments than retweets on the
message more comments than likes on the
message people on the left start
bringing up tweets out of context from
10 years ago they start picking up
columns I wrote when I was 19 that I did
someone when I was 27 and they start
trying to
show him that the person who had just
endorsed as a genuine fellow is actually
an evil racist sexist bigot an evil
terrible terrible person and they start
ray showing him right they start they
start targeting me it targeting him for
saying a nice thing about me and
remember that original sweet didn't say
he endorses my political point of view
it doesn't say that he agrees with
nearly anything that I have to say it
just says that I'm a nice genuine person
that's it okay which is really really
innocuous stuff but no one expects the
Spanish Inquisition and so they showed
up and they started going after mark and
mark predictably enough to lead it this
way which is his prerogative
that's his probably I didn't ask him to
tweet it I didn't ask him to delete it
that's all fine and dandy and so I
texted him and I just said listen dude I
understand you're in Hollywood I get why
you felt you had to delete the tweet you
know you're I'm no hard feelings like I
totally totally get it it happens in
Hollywood all the time I appreciate the
original sentiment to this week okay
this morning
mark Duplass puts out an actual apology
for his original tweet so after all of
this happens he actually apologizes for
the original tweet and not only does he
apologize
he now suggests that I in fact endorse
hatred racism homophobia xenophobia or
another form of intolerance here's
here's his entire response quote so
that's what was a disaster on many
levels a disaster a disaster I mean like
like like a tsunami or an earthquake
that tweet was a disaster tweeting that
I was a nice guy who is genuine and I
tried to be honest about the issues that
was a disaster on many levels not just
one level many levels like all the way
down to Dante seventh circle of hell
it's a disaster on every level
he says so that's what it was a disaster
on many levels I want to be clear that I
in no way endorsed hatred racism
homophobia xenophobia or any other such
form of intolerance right because
neither do I like so and then he says my
goal has always been to spread unity
understanding and kindness but I'm going
to make mistakes along the way sometimes
I move too quickly when I get excited or
failed to do enough research or I don't
communicate myself clearly I'm really
sorry I now understand that I need to be
more diligent and careful I'm working on
that
but I do believe deeply and bipartisan
understanding and I will continue to do
my best to promote peace and decency in
this world right now that said I hear
you and I want to say thank you to those
who reached out with constructive
criticism I've genuinely learned so much
and wish everyone all the best he signs
it with his name mark Duplass okay again
free country you can say what you want
I'm not even gonna go into critiquing
whether I think that he did the
right thing here because I think that
it's obvious from what I'm saying that I
think that this is a mistake a strategic
mistake
that if you're trying to reach across
the aisle and you get criticism for
reaching across the aisle
maybe it's the people doing the
critiquing who are the problem maybe
it's not you maybe mark Duplass wasn't
wrong to send that tweet maybe it's all
the people who decided that any attempt
to reach across the aisle was wrong and
let's be clear about something this has
almost nothing to do with me
mark Duplass could have tweeted this
about guy Benson he couldn't sweeted
this about Charles Krauthammer he
couldn't tweeted this about Ann Coulter
he could've tweeted this about any
person on the right any person it would
not matter
he couldn't sweeted this about any
friend probably half the left he
could've tweeted this about and there
was a group of people the this SJW mob
that exists on twitter solely to cudgel
people into line and those are the
people who operate on Hollywood by the
way a lot of those folks are people who
are living in these these massive
mansions off of Sunset Boulevard and
decrying capitalism I promise it wasn't
just the Twitter it wasn't just the
people on Twitter the randos on Twitter
who spend all of their days in their
mommy's basement and are tweeting out
nasty things about me to mark Duplass I
promise you what happened is that his
wife probably came to him and said I got
calls from my friends his brother of I
guess his business partner probably came
to him and said listen we're getting
blowback for this other directors with
whom his friends I'm sure came out and
said why would you possibly have done
this my favorite along these lines by
the way was Tom Arnold
so Tom Arnold to be clear is another
person we've been nice to here at this
office Tom Arnold's came in and actually
did a show with Michael moles and we
were kind enough to let him in with his
camera crew into the office and here's
what he tweeted out now remember I said
nothing publicly about anything Duplass
said here nothing until he actually
until he actually put out that statement
at which point I just said you know it's
sad that this is what the discourse has
come to here's what Tom Arnold a crazy
person tweeted this morning ben shapiro
five-foot-two and sounds prepubescent
but technically a man so for purposes of
brawl and all the kicks headed toward
his teeth and face he shall be deemed
all man and this is after Tom Arnold had
suggested how dare I exist because Mark
Duplass got in trouble for having texted
or tweeted something about me so that's
Tom Arnold right there I'm sure that a
lot of Mark's friends were coming after
him for all of us honestly I feel bad
from her I feel bad for mark because
mark I think was originally trying to do
the right thing and I think that
Hollywood does not allow you to do the
right thing
Hollywood has a vested interest in
making sure that everyone who disagrees
with them in any small minut
is portrayed as the worst person on
earth I don't want to say this is why
you got Trump but this is one of the
reasons that they got from when you lump
everybody together when you say that
everybody who disagrees with you is a
racist sexist homophobic bitter clinger
who just wants guns in God when you say
that that's what those people are and
you cannot even speak to them how dare
you try to have an honest conversation
with one of them and then this is the
predictable result which is that you can
bully anybody with just a few tweets and
unfortunately I think this has become
endemic it's become endemic you know
there's a lot of talk these days about
the so called intellectual dark web so
for folks you don't know what the
intellectual dark web is it's this group
of people who are right and left I
believe I'm the only registered
Republican on the list who have
conversations with each other about a
wide variety of issues you've seen some
members of the IDW appear on my Sunday
special so this would be people like Sam
Harris with whom I disagree about
everything and people like Eric
Weinstein who's gonna be on on Sunday
right so it's a bunch of eric is a
Democrat he's never voted Republican Sam
is a Democrat he's never voted
Republican right it's people ranging
from Jordan Peterson to Dave Rubin to
Christina Hoff Sommers I believe I'm the
only registered Republican on that list
and the reason that exists the reason
this IDW exists is because it's a bunch
of people who are honestly trying to
reach answers by having conversations
with one another and we don't want to
engage with the worst versions of the
arguments we're not interested in
engaging with the stupidest version the
other side has to present and we're not
interested in the sort of mudslinging
that goes on on Twitter and this has all
become very very popular the reason that
he's become popular the reason it is
important is because the left has become
so deeply intolerant of anything
remotely resembling an honest
conversation because let me be clear
about this if Mark had come into this
office and Mark had filmed us talking
for an hour and a half in cordial
fashion he got hit the exact same way he
would you even had to tweet out that
people should follow me on Twitter if
they want an honest conservative take he
wouldn't even had to do that all the way
he would have had to do is set foot in
the studio and treat me like a human
being that would have been enough to
earn the ire of the left that would have
been enough how do I know
because when Bill Maher had me on his
show and treated me like a human being
and by the way it was pretty far left
when he talked about Trump and Russia he
got blowback from the left for even
having me on because that's how this
works now the goal here is to shut that
Overton Window tight to make sure that
no one who exists outside that Overton
Window that that area of a authentic
decent discourse in
outside that that area of accepted
opinion that area of accepted left-wing
opinion is allowed to talk or have a
conversation with one another if you had
a problem with something I said in the
past I have a great solution for this
why you asked me about it because it
turns out that if you did half a second
of research you would realize that
people change their opinions over time
the people make mistakes you might
realize that your misconstruing
something someone said normally that's
happening on purpose instead it's a lot
easier to run for the safe space and
pretend that everyone who is who
disagrees with you and that's the real
problem here is that in the end I'm sure
mark and I disagree on all these issues
and that really is the problem because
if I were on the Left I don't think that
mark number one would've gotten the
blowback and number two I doubt that he
would have apologized because Hollywood
doesn't care now you can like you can be
friends with Tom Arnold right you can
you can openly endorsed Tom Arnold who's
in a legit crazy person and that's
totally fine but if you endorse anybody
who disagrees with you then you must be
taken out to the woodshed and cane okay
I have a little bit more on this first I
want to talk about weight loss so
everything that we have been talking
about weight loss is actually making us
unhealthy the supplements that we
actually use when we are losing weight
very often are packed with sugar and
artificial ingredients and processed
foods well if you're looking for healthy
supplements that are packed with
nutrients that promote weight loss you
need to look at 310 nutrition 310
nutrition is the brand you can help to
try that you can trust to help you lose
weight and live out a healthy lifestyle
with the help of a variety of terrific
products 310 nutrition is the maker of
the 310 meal replacement shake that's
packed with top-quality plant-based
proteins vitamins minerals superfoods
probiotics 310 lemonade and hid water
enhancer is great for people who don't
like to drink water because water than
things like anything instead 310
lemonade helps make water taste better
there bunch people in the office I know
sandy has been using 3:10 nutrition she
says it's just awesome and that all of
the food tastes great and has been in
real aid in weight loss join the 310
nutrition community for free by going to
310 family com
that's 310 family calm and in addition
to the great community of people you'll
be joining joining 310 nutrition is
offering my listeners there 310 starter
nutrition kit for just 14 bucks he'll
receive an assortment of 310 meal
replacement shakes a meal plan ebook
ecard gift card and many other products
don't miss out on the great offer and
join the free community joining 310
nutrition is a great way to engage with
thousands of like-minded individuals who
are trying to lose weight and become
healthier and doing it in the healthiest
possible way check it out 310 family com
that's 3 100
family calm 3/10 family calm great
products in their product and and you'll
really enjoy it and it'll it'll help you
be a healthier a healthier human being
ok so here is the real question is it
good for the left to continually came to
this mob my answer is it is not good for
the left it's probably good for the
right that the let's continually came to
this mob here's the truth and pure
partisan breakdown the more the left
caves to its most extreme radicals and
says we're not gonna have a conversation
across the other side of the aisle the
more they are likely to engage in an
echo chamber where they move further and
further and further to the left and that
is further and further and further away
from the American people the way that
you end up in an intersectional bubble
of your own making or you're not allowed
