Barack Obama is back with his take on
2018 Hillary Clinton learns to love
federalism and the anti-science left
take center stage I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
you thought he was gone you thought he
wouldn't be back what wrong you are he's
back and we'll talk about him in just a
second but first let's talk about all of
the events surrounding election 2018 if
you look at the rhetoric from the
leftist news outlets on the heels of
Brett Cavanaugh's confirmation they're
trying to solidify the left for the
midterms it is going to be a battle to
hold the house here's what's at stake if
the Democrats take it all the positive
policies Republicans have enacted over
the past couple of years all the things
to help the economy the tax cuts the
judicial appointments the cutting of the
regulations all of it could be stymied
if the Democrats take control of either
the house or the Senate and when they
start to obstruct what effect could that
have on the economy on stocks and other
unknowns that might impact your savings
what is your plan for uncertainty can
you afford another hit to your
retirement like the last downturn when
the S&P dropped 50% well you should
hedge against inflation and hedge
against uncertainty and instability with
some precious metals gold is a safe
haven against uncertainty my savings
plan is diversified yours should be too
doesn't mean take all your money and
stick it in gold I mean think some of
your money and put it in precious metals
the company I trust with precious metal
purchases is Birch gold group and right
now thanks to a little-known IRS tax law
you can even move that IRA or eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
and silver perfect for folks who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty Birch gold group has
thousands of satisfied customers
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau contact
Birch gold group now request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals it's a comprehensive 16 page kit
and it shows again how you can move gold
can move your IRA or 401k out of stocks
into a precious metals IRA to get that
kit
go to birchgold.com slash pen again it's
no cost into obligation birchgold.com
slash ben burtt scold the folks I trust
with precious metals investing well we
are watching in the news as the country
seems to be on the verge of something
really really terrible it seems like
something that's that's building up
frankly on both sides a couple of
parallel stories that are really ugly
over the last 24 hours Story number one
George Soros who is not a person I
admire in any way George Soros of course
a leftist funder of a bunch of radical
causes but he is not a person who ought
to be murdered and yet an explosive
device was found in the mailbox at his
home
Monday afternoon according to senior law
enforcement is occurring in the New York
Times
the device was proactively D notated by
bomb squad technicians from the
Westchester County Police Department the
Bombers motive remains unclear Soros is
a favorite target of right-wing groups
he was not at home at the time the
investigation has been taken over by the
FBI all of this is ugly stuff now again
I am no George Soros fan I think that
George Soros does terrible terrible
things for world politics and I think he
backs awful causes that doesn't mean
that folks who go out bombing him this
is insanity and it's not just George
Soros according to the Daily Caller
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's
office in California was vandalized on
Monday according to an Instagram post by
the congressman McCarthy who could be
the future Speaker of the House his
local offices in Bakersfield California
he posted photos of the suspects in some
of the damage two young men were caught
on surveillance camera outside the
office it had its windows smashed in by
a large boulder and he doesn't know
exactly who these folks are he put out
the notice McCarthy's office of course
is not the first GOP office to be
vandalized in recent weeks a Republican
Party office in Wyoming was
intentionally set on fire two days after
it opened in September vandals later hit
the Metropolitan Republican Club on
Manhattan's Upper East Side in October
smashing windows and spray-painting
anarchist signs on the doors so all just
wonderful stuff and yesterday there is a
dangerous situation in Washington DC a
suspected intruder was shot after
kicking down the glass doors at WTTG Fox
5 on Monday he was previously known to
both Fox executives and police had
leveled threats against both previously
DC police responded to the building on
Wisconsin Avenue in the Friendship
Heights neighborhood as officials say
that the man had been shot in the
station's Lobby by an armed security
guard after forcing his way through the
glass doors his name was George
Odom's and he apparently started walking
directly toward the decks desk station
in the direction of the main part of the
building at that point the security
guard shot the guy he is in critical but
stable condition it's apparently this
guy has mental health issues but the
problem is that we now live in a society
in which we don't know who has mental
health issues and who is being
politically motivated and who has mental
health issues and is being politically
motivated we are living in an incredibly
volatile time and that's unusual because
the economy of the United States is
thrumming along mail order
really well economically speaking we're
not in the middle of any major foreign
crisis and yet we're at each other's
throats politically and the bleeding
edge of that fight is actually bleeding
I mean the bleeding edge actually
carries the possibility of serious
violence heating up with the rhetoric on
both sides is obviously not a worthwhile
causing yet that seems to be happening
Barack Obama who was one of the
contributing factors to the breakdown in
social fabric in the United States
during his presidency he continued that
crusade yesterday he was campaigning in
Nevada against Dean Heller who's the
sitting senator and he just made clear
that the sort of political polarization
that he supposedly preaches against he's
actually very much for here's President
Obama back on the stump for the
Democrats and he is saying that
President Trump is a tin-pot dictator
it is not a democratic or republican
idea that we are not supposed to
pressure the Attorney General or the FBI
to use the criminal justice system to
try to punish political opponents that's
not how America works that's how some
tin-pot dictatorship works that's not
supposed to be America okay well here's
the problem and this is really the
problem with with President Obama you're
gonna see this repeated throughout his
little speech that he gave yesterday
Nevada everything he accuses the right
of doing he actually did while he was in
office he says things like you're not
supposed to influence the FBI you're not
supposed to influence your Attorney
General his own attorney General Eric
Holder called himself Barack Obama's
wingman that was Eric Holder his own DOJ
head calling himself the president's
wingman the president is asserted
executive privilege to protect Eric
Holder from a Republican Congress over
the Fast and Furious scandal so this is
just nonsense and when the president
says that you're not supposed to
activate executive agencies to target
political opponents that's exactly what
his I arrested his IRS targeted
conservative 501 C 3 s pro-israel 501 C
3 s the evidence was extraordinarily
solid in that case the DOJ didn't do a
serious investigation nor did they
prosecute anybody so when the president
says that President Trump is doing all
the stuff when Obama says that Trump is
doing all of this stuff just remember
president Trump is a reaction to
President Obama and the more you look at
American history and history in general
what you really do see is that
the the the nature of the human being is
to swing from side to side that we react
to things that happen in our life and we
usually overreact to things that happen
in our life so we are react to President
Bush by putting in President Obama then
react but to President Obama by putting
in President Trump that the pendulum in
order for it to to start swinging less
wildly it takes a force of collective
will it takes all of us saying to each
other we are not going to allow this
pendulum to swing quite as wildly as it
has been in the past if you look at the
vacillations between the presidencies
right now I would say that if you looked
back in the 1960s like the difference
between say LBJ and Richard Nixon on
policy what you were looking at was a
vet was a vacillation that was semi
major but not enormous right the the the
swing of the pendulum was not quite as
far the same thing is true with
Eisenhower and JFK the swing of the
pendulum was not quite that far if you
look at how far the pendulum is swinging
now it's almost at 180 degrees I mean
the pendulum is swinging wildly
side-to-side and that's dangerous for
the country because eventually the
pendulum is going to swing over the bar
and things are gonna get really insane
President Obama did not help that this
this revisionist history where President
Obama was a great peace Springer this is
this this revisionist history where
President Obama did not create conflict
inside the United States where he was a
unifying figure as opposed to a
polarizing figure that is just a lie
when he was elected maybe he was a
unifying figure for five minutes and
then he proceeded to govern as an
extraordinarily far left guy and then he
also proceeded to polarize the country
along ethnic racial and sexual lines
it's a real it's just it's obvious that
he's doing this he trolled the right
into insanity and now President Trump is
trolling the left into insanity this is
all reactionary stuff here's President
Obama again he's such a troll he's such
a troll when people accuse President
Trump of being a troll I'd like to
remind folks the first presidential
troll was Barack Obama here's President
Obama trolling people in Nevada
yesterday saying that he was very
committed to the truth as presidents of
the United States
just one simple fact this is a fact this
is not I'm just unlike some I actually
try to state facts I believe in facts
I I believe in a fact-based reality and
a fact-based politics okay that is just
a lie he did not believe in a fact-based
reality of fact-based politics it's just
not true and he says that he didn't lie
hidden liked to fib like some people
really how about if you like your doctor
you can keep your doctor how about if
the president the president doesn't have
authority to grants executive amnesty
how about those men died in Benghazi
because of a YouTube video how about the
Iran deal is being pursued because of a
new moderate policy pushed by the new
Iranian moderate administration the
president lied every five seconds Barack
Obama was a congenital liar while he was
in office and he was replaced by a guy
who doesn't have tremendous regard for
the truth either
again reaction and American politics is
is almost completely proportionate
Barack Obama was very far to the left
and Donald Trump is his funhouse mirror
image and when and when Barack Obama
says things like he tries to state facts
and Donald Trump just goes out there and
he lies all the time it's just not true
I like when he says that he's based on
that he's based in fact there's a
President of the United States who took
title mine of the Civil Rights Act which
said you're not allowed to discriminate
against women and tried to apply that to
men who believe they are women saying
that this was somehow
fact-based almost nothing the Barack
Obama did was fact-based almost nothing
he did was fact-based and this is why so
many people reacted to Barack Obama they
said listen if facts don't matter the
left well maybe they don't matter to us
either all that matters now is victory
because that was the mentality of the
left the mentality of the left was that
slandering george w bush as a war
criminal was fully justified in order to
get Barack Obama elected that slandering
John McCain as george w bush part 3 was
totally fine so long as it got barack
obama elected that slandering mitt
romney as a dog killing evil genius who
gave women cancer specifically so that
he could fire their husbands right that
that was totally fine so long as he won
that harry reid was fine and saying that
mit romney didn't pay his taxes because
after all they won this stuff does not
spring from nowhere in american politics
hey evil and american politics the the
nastiness of american politics did not
spring out of the ground full-blown like
thena out of Zeus's head that's not the
way this works Barack Obama was the
progenitor of Donald Trump Barack Obama
was the was the predictable forbear of
Donald Trump in retrospect a second
we're gonna give you some more of Barack
Obama's propaganda and the fact that the
left doesn't even acknowledge any of
this is one of the reasons why the right
continues to act the way the right is
acting we'll get to more of that in just
a second first I want to talk about what
you are doing for the sheets in your bed
okay the fact is that when you think
about your sleep quality you rarely
think about your sheets you think okay
well I can just go down to the local Bed
Bath and Beyond I can pick up the
cheapest set of sheets they've got and
it will be perfectly adequate wrong that
you are that is not the way this works
you need supremely comfortable sheets
and the best sheets you can buy the best
sheets on the market our bull and branch
everything bull and branch makes from
bedding to blankets is made from pure
100% organic cotton it means it starts
out super soft they get even softer over
time you can buy directly from them so
you're essentially paying wholesale
prices luxury sheets can cost up to a
thousand dollars in the store but when
branch sheets are only a couple of
hundred bucks everyone who tries Boleyn
branch sheets loves them that's why they
have thousands of five-star reviews even
three u.s. presidents sleep on bull and
branch sheets shipping is free you can
try them for 30 nights if you don't love
them send them back for a refund you're
not gonna want to send them back they
are that comfortable to get you started
right now my listeners get 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets at bull and
branch calm promo code Ben bull and
branch calm promo code Ben for 50 bucks
off your first set of sheets these
sheets are so comfortable actually
tossed out all of our other sheets we
only own Boland branch now that's how
good they are Bo LLM branch calm promo
code Ben used that promo code bed to get
fifty bucks off so Barack Obama is a
great reminder as to why Donald Trump is
president and then he tried to take
credit in Nevada last night for the way
the economy is growing now let's be
clear the stock market did climb under
Barack Obama because it fell to all-time
lows under Barack Obama also right
you'll recall that the economy collapsed
in late 2008 right before the election
that wasn't on Obama and then it
continued to collapse until early 2009
and then it started to recover and then
we had the slowest peacetime recovery in
American history
yeah I'm old enough to remember when
folks were saying things like a 4% GDP
growth rate is no longer possible for
the United States and now we have had
that for a couple of quarters in a row
I'm old enough to remember when people
said that the manufacturing sector in
the United States was doomed to failure
that obviously is not true when folks
were say
the stock market was gonna top out where
Obama left it that obviously was not
true that job creation was going to top
out that obviously was not true there's
no question the economy is growing
faster under Donald Trump than it was
under Barack Obama it is superheated
under Donald Trump in a way that it was
not under Barack Obama again very very
slow recovery under Obama and whatever
recovery is due to Obama you really can
only attribute for the first couple of
years because after that it was the
Republicans stymieing every budget that
Obama tried to propose Obama passed one
budget in eight years Republicans
rejected every budget proposal Barack
Obama ever made and yet here is Barack
Obama saying that if anybody gets credit
for the economy it's him now listen I'm
never a fan of crediting the president
with the economy I just don't I think
the economy is too complicated for that
I usually think that it has more to do
with a predictable policy emanating from
the halls of Congress the fact is that
since Republicans were elected in 2010
we've had a consistent rate of growth in
the United States economy accelerating
when they didn't have to battle it out
with Barack Obama over regulatory policy
if you actually want to attribute
economic growth to any one body give the
credit to Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell and
all the other Republicans who have been
instrumental in the formation of policy
under Obama and under Trump but here's
Barack Obama trying to take credit for
himself
we got the economy growing again we
started the longest streak of job
creation on record we covered another
twenty million people on health
insurance
we brought housing back here in Nevada
we cut our deficits by more than half
partly by making sure the wealthiest
Americans folks like me paid their fair
share of taxes okay we did not cut the
deficit in half so let's stop it right
there when he says we cut the deficit in
half what he means by that is that he
blew out the deficit in his first year
and then the deficit numbers went down
the next couple of years and the reason
that that is cutting in half that's like
saying you know what I did last month
last month I went ten thousand dollars
over my credit card bill this month I
went five thousand dollars over my
credit card bill I just cut my deficit
in half that's what he's talking about
that's I'm cutting your deficit in half
I mean technically it sort of is but not
really considering that you're still
blowing out the spending but again
Barack Obama was the was the creator of
the Trump phenomenon for the left to
refuse to acknowledge this putting it
out on the campaign
well it's such a mistake but this is the
thing the Democrats really don't have a
lot to offer at this point and so they
are doubling down on on stupid the only
person who seems to be discovering
anything new ironically is Hillary
Clinton discuss that in just a second so
Hillary Clinton when one of the things I
do love about the Trump era is that the
left suddenly realizes that when the
levers of power are given to the other
party things don't wind up great for the
left so the left is all in favor of
federal power as long as it's Barack
Obama in charge when it's president
Trump in charge suddenly they discover
