breaking news al franken senator from
Minnesota is out yes out he just
resigned on the floor of the Senate will
talk all about it plus the media do
their best to ensure that a wave of
terrorism hits Israel and of course
President Trump stands tall in the face
of withering attack over his talk about
Jerusalem I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
all righty so a lot to get through today
right now in breaking news Al Franken is
stepping down from the Senate when I say
now I mean like as we are recording this
we're gonna grab the audio as soon as
possible of Al Franken the senator from
Minnesota stepping down he did what
I think everyone sort of expected him to
do he came out and he said that he was
totally innocent but he's stepping down
anyway which is not true he's not
totally innocent and also he then said
and what about Trump and what about Roy
Moore this is the Democrats play we'll
talk all about that plus I want to give
you the latest from the State of Israel
as well as a couple of stories that are
just insane that you haven't heard yet
today before I go any further though I
want to say thank you to my sponsors
over at ProFlowers so you know holiday
season is coming up and there are people
that you won't get to see this holiday
season well sending a greeting card n
gonna do it you need to send them
flowers because it's your mom man okay
it's your it's your wife you're gonna be
out of town you need to send flowers
this is what I by the way every time I
go out of town for any extended period
of time I go over to my friends at
ProFlowers and I use them as you send
flowers to my wife it always gives me
good it gets me in good with the missus
right now they have best-selling candy
cane roses a great option for a holiday
gift or you can always go through mini
classic Christmas tree that comes with
lights and ornaments no matter what you
choose my listeners get 20% off any
ProFlowers bouquet or plans of twenty
nine dollars or more they are fantastic
I mean they last longer than they would
if you got them at the store when they
are guaranteed to stay fresh they
arrived in a box to your house if
something is broken and it'll
immediately fix it that's happened to us
and they fixed it immediately you
control the delivery date they give you
more bloom for your about big beautiful
flowers more stems for money long
lasting freshness the quality of the
flowers really is top-notch and again
the delivery is impeccable I mean it
comes with the base if you order it that
way it's just it's just great so you get
20% off all bouquets of $29 and more
this holiday season go to proflowers.com
use my code Ben show at checkout that's
promo code Ben show at checkout and you
get 20% off all bouquets or plans of
twenty nine bucks or more this holiday
season proflowers.com
use that promo code Ben show at checkout
proflowers.com promo code Ben show you
make your spouse happy make your mom
happy make your dad happy it's just it's
it's a happiness company that's what
they do proflowers.com use promo code
Ben show get 20% off any bouquet of
twenty nine dollars or more or any plans
of twenty nine dollars or more check
them out they're awesome proflowers.com
again
that promo code is been show speaking of
people who could use a little bit of
career insurance Al Franken is gone and
he just came out and said as I said that
he is innocent that he didn't do any of
these things that all of these women are
either liars or misconstruing his
actions it seems to me it's hard to
misconstrue somebody grabbing your in
the middle of a photo line but you know
to each his own
so Franken stepped down after the
Democrats turned on him they turn on him
in the last 48 hours really not because
of the new reports about Franken but
because they wish to throw Republicans
under the Moral under the morale bus
that was the goal here the pretext they
used for throwing Franken out was this
was this report from the Atlantic that
said that Franken had sexually harassed
a woman at a Media Matters party there's
a woman named Tina deploy who wrote for
the Atlantic she says it happened in a
media matters party during the first
Obama inauguration it was a great time
to be a Democrat not only had we just
elected the first african-american
president of the United States but
frankenz race had triggered a recount
leaving leftist skiddy we would soon
have a supermajority in the Senate as
you recall Al Franken stole that
Tennessee from Norm Coleman they just
kept recounting the votes until enough
felons were counted that Al Franken was
the senator from Minnesota this woman
writes this is my first inauguration
I've never been in the proverbial room
where it happens my experience with
government at that point was being a
ward of the court in foster care nothing
that I had an interest in politics in
politics and in grandstanding my foster
dad set up an internship for me at the
district office of Representative George
Miller the summer before my senior year
of high school as an intern I answered
calls thumb through the congressional
record etc she does I've been married
for two years at the time I don't let my
husband touch me like Al Franken did in
public right here's what she says
I saw Al Franken I only bug celebrities
for pictures when it'll make my foster
mom happy she loves Franken so I asked
to get a picture with him he posted the
shot he immediately put his hand on my
waist grabbing a handful of flesh I
froze then he squeezed at least twice
what a class act that Al Franken so
Franken gave a statement which he said
all of this has been misconstrued he's
totally innocent but he's leaving anyway
and then he blabbered on for a while
about activism and the wonders of
activism and again he just kept calling
them liers over and over and over hoping
that he would have another shot at this
that's what Al Franken is hoping al
franken is hoping that he leaves in
quote-unquote disgrace that he does his
penance and then he comes back in a
couple of years having cleansed himself
of the stigma
this in order to ensure that he
immediately wheeled and hit Trump and
and Roy Moore Roy Moore of course the
Senate Alabama Republican candidate
who's been credibly accused of child
molestation
now what's hilarious about all of this
is watching the Democrats swing to push
Franken out so just a couple of days ago
we played the audio yesterday of kirsten
gillibrand saying that she didn't know
whether Franken should step down he
should really make his own decision and
then yesterday she actually said Franken
should step down so if she changed her
opinion kirsten gillibrand who's been
treated as a possible 2020 candidate
there is no better weather vane than
kirsten gillibrand I mean there are no
better weather vanes on planet earth
than Kirsten Gillibrand the woman has
her finger in the air at all times seen
which way the wind is blowing she
realized that she wanted the way she
realized the limb is blowing against
Franken so she stepped out in front of
that and said Franken should resign is
what she said yesterday
well obviously there were new
allegations today and enough is enough I
mean this is a conversation we've been
having for a very long time and it's a
conversation that this country needs to
have and I think when we start having to
talk about the differences between
sexual assault and sexual harassment and
unwanted groping you are having the
wrong conversation you need to draw a
line in the sand and say none of it is
OK
none of it is acceptable and we as
elected leaders should absolutely be
held to a higher standard
not a lower standard that's a wild
switch from Kirsten Gillibrand who five
seconds ago was saying that basically Al
Franken might stay but Roy Moore should
go and president Trump's a sexual abuser
but not Al Franken this is all this is
all a wild shift I will say that the
logic that's used here that we have to
lump all of this activity together is a
little bit disturbing to me I don't
think that Harvey Weinstein should be
lumped together with Al Franken and I
don't think that Al Franken should be
lumped together with like Clarence
Thomas who apparently made a crude
sexual remark to Anita - Anita Hill one
time or was alleged to have done so the
this does not seem to me that all of
these things should be grouped together
or posed equivalent threats to careers
some of these activities are truly
horrifying and your career should be
ended you should end up in jail and some
of these activities are bad you're a
creep but I'm not sure that it rises to
the level of the of the same outrage as
a Harvey Weinstein for example in any
case but this is really about for
Democrats and we all know it what this
is really about is seizing the moral
high ground what Democrats truly want to
do here is not push out Franken because
they care about Franken not push out
John Conyers because they care about
John Conyers
they want to push all these people out
so that they can turn and swivel and hit
Donald Trump and Roy more so senator
mazie Hirono the Democrat of Hawaii she
came out yesterday and she said you know
now that Franken is going you know be
really great as if Trump and more
stepped aside and they say what Al
Franken did was wrong but it's not even
in the same ballpark why take this step
and why not also be calling for
president Trump and and Roy Moore to
step aside well I would love it if both
of them stepped aside because I've said
publicly that the president Trump has
admitted to being a sexual predator and
as for Roy Moore the credible
allegations of him being a child
molester basically they should cause
both of them to look at themselves and
step down I would love it but at the
same time you know I'm looking for where
the Republican voices where is their
outrage in fact on the opposite end
they're coming forward to support one
more
how's that for totally inappropriate
position so two things can be true once
one Democrats can be right to shove
these people out the door and
Republicans should do the same with
their own bad candidates and two this
can be totally politically driven
because it is totally politically driven
I mean there's no question about it the
fact is that the Democrats suffer zero
repercussions for getting rid of Franken
the Democratic governor of Minnesota
Mark Dayton is about to appoint his
lieutenant governor I can't her name
escapes me for the moment but he's about
to appoint her a Democrat she filled
Franken seats the Democrats don't lose a
seat in the Senate forcing out John
Conyers means nothing because some
relative of John Conyers will fill that
seat it's very easy to take the moral
high ground when it doesn't mean
actually sacrificing anything anytime
Democrats have to think about
sacrificing something they rally around
the flag of the sexual abuser the same
way that Republicans are currently
rallying around the flags of alleged
sexual abusers so there's no question
that there's a bunch of hypocrisy going
on here and a bunch of political
posturing Bernie Sanders another example
he came out yesterday or this morning
rather and he said that Donald Trump and
Roy Moore should both step down because
Al Franken is going earlier this week
Bernie Sanders is literally running away
from the cameras when he was asked about
Al Franken so what's happened here is
that the Democrats waited until the
Republican National Committee and Trump
Rhee endorsed more and they said here's
our chance to draw a contrast now is
that smart politics of course it's smart
politics now they get to claim that they
have the moral high ground and
Republicans meanwhile are shoving the
moral high ground away from them
as fast as humanly possible I mean
they're taking that moral high ground
and they are running from it as fast as
humanly possible so much so they are
actually seeing Republicans now come out
and start to defend Al Franken till last
night on Laura Ingraham John Fox News
Newt Gingrich was talking with Ingram
and both Gingrich and Ingram were
actually defending Al Franken because
they understand what's happening next
right here here's the logic well we're
not gonna let Trump and more go until
you get rid of Al Franken Democrats say
fine we'll get rid of Al Franken then
the repose it will hold on hold up a
second
maybe you don't want to get rid of Al
Franken may that's a bad idea to get rid
of Al Franken it's all political
partisanship at its finest here's
Gingrich with Ingram suddenly defending
al Frank and a guy who routinely grabs
women by the butt in the middle of photo
lines apparently al franken was a
comedian
comedians often do weird things he was
in the entertainment business he was
doing the kind of things people in the
entertainment business do now I have not
maybe I'm wrong but I don't see anything
that they've said he's done since he was
a senator I don't think they said tried
to lose track I think there are a couple
allegations of inappropriate conduct
I think it's minor so yeah but the point
is we are wearing one of those weird
American moments when running around
lynching people seals if you go back
anyway you go back and watch the YouTube
of Clarence Thomas a was wonderful and
sworn in Kalista oh great great moment
and you know fellow Georgia and
everything you go back and you look at
what he said about an electronic
lynching and then you look at what we're
saying we had a lot of good reasons to
retire but on the other hand no hearings
no you're accused and you're a man
you're a so here we are now right so
here we got we've got Laura Ingraham and
Newt Gingrich defending Al Franken you
think they're doing that because they
really like Al Franken or they think Al
Franken ought to get a fair shake I mean
they're both calling for the prosecution
of Hillary Clinton based on less
evidence than Al Franken here Hillary
Clinton by the way should have gone to
jail okay the idea that they are out
defending Al Franken today the only
reason they're defending Al Franken is
because they want to defend Roy Moore
obviously that's what's going on here in
the demo
rats are only throwing out Franken under
the bus because they want to get ROI
morons ahnold's rum so understand this
is all a political game don't suddenly
think that politicians grew moral spines
they didn't okay I would be happy if
they had and maybe we can force them
into doing so but I don't really see the
purpose of pretending that there's no
politics at work here at all because
that's just that's just silly
well in a second I want to play you what
Al Franken actually had to say but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Birch gold so with the
increasing uncertainty of the upcoming
of the of the upcoming events with with
disaster in the air it seems on the
foreign front with what I did in North
Korea with the fact that the stock
market is is it all-time highs you can
expect it to readjust at some point in
the future that's why you should at
least be hedging your bets with some
precious metals and that's what Birch
gold is there for Birch gold group has a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau you can
contact Birch gold group right now to
request a free information kit on
physical precious metals the
comprehensive 16 page kit reveals how
gold and silver can protect your savings
they can legally move your IRA or 401k
out of risky stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit go to birchgold.com
slash Bend that's birchgold.com slash
been ask all your questions get all your
information and then when you're ready
invest in precious metals it's good to
hedge your bets it's just worthwhile to
have some of your portfolio in gold I
certainly do and talk to my friends over
at Birch gold group they are trustworthy
folks and you can see I did an interview
with them that you can view online as
well okay so we do finally have tape of
Al Franken the fact that Democrats
thought this guy was a viable 2020
contender tells you everything you need
to know about the state of the
Democratic Party but here is al franken
on the floor of the Senate resigning but
not before claiming that he's innocent
and that he'd be murdered nevertheless
today I am announcing that in the coming
weeks I will be resigning as a member of
the United States Senate I of all people
am aware that there is some irony in the
fact that I am leaving while a man who
is bragged on tape about his history of
sexual assault sits in the Oval Office
and a man who has repeatedly preyed on
young
girl's campaigns for the Senate with
with the full support of his party yeah
and so that's the that's the line the
Democrats are going to use so when you
say this isn't political of course it's
political now Franken were smart if he
had any sense of the moment what he
would do instead is hew to a full mayor
call Paul right he'd get up there and
instead of denying that the accuser
instead of saying the accusers are a
bunch of terrible people who are lying
about him and that he's a wounded
innocent he and he then went on to say
I'll be fine you know I was comedian
before this I'll be fine everything will
be fine what he should have done if he
were smart is he would have said all of
these women I believe them women deserve
to be believed I've made a lot of
mistakes I apologized fulsomely for the
mistakes that I've made and in this new
America I hope to change for the better
and President Trump is evidence that the
Republicans are not changing for the
better if I have to step down as I
should then I call on President Trump to
step down as well right he should have
actually turned it into a rallying cry
but he's not smart enough to do that he
doesn't have the wherewithal to do that
if he'd done that the media would have
actually orgasmed like people actually
would have would have experienced
physical pleasure and at that point he
could have run for president in 2020 but
he doesn't have the brains to do that as
I say the Republicans meanwhile are
rushing to defend Roy Moore and this is
something that I think is is both stupid
and backwards so they're a bunch of
people saying well you know the
Democrats are only doing this for
political reasons so why should we came
and there is this mentality on the right
now that when the Democrats will want
something you don't give it to them just
because they just because they want it
right but that's not the case with Roy
Moore okay there's this there's this new
mentality that I think has has taken
hold among a lot of Republicans among
some conservatives that just because the
Democrats don't want something they or
just because the Democrats want
something you can't give it to them that
