so last night was really crappy for
Republicans in Virginia we will give you
the entire analysis from beginning to
end without myth or bias plus President
Trump heads to South Korea and we will
look at a little bit of bibble talk I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so as you can tell I was crying so hard
last night that the snot has not yet
stopped flowing I have a horrible cold
that my children keep giving me one of
the wonderful things about children is
that they are delightful one of the
horrible things that they constantly get
you sick there's giant balls of germs in
any case we will soldier through with
the bravery of Spartan warriors but
before we get to any of what happened in
Virginia last night first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at
tracker so we have a routine in my house
it goes like this it's time to leave I
need my wallet I need my keys I need my
phone I have none of these things so we
spend the next three hours looking for
all of those things by which time it's
time to put my children to bed and then
we don't have to leave the house at all
it's not as delightful as it sounds it
would be really nice if I knew where all
of those things were fortunately I now
have trackers so this has now been
reduced
what tracker does is the coin size
device you can stick it on your keychain
you can stick it in your wallet and it
allows you to find all of these things
around the house simply with the push of
a button so if you have your keys you
hit the button and it hooks right up to
your phone for example you lost your
phone and you even turn your ringer off
on your phone it overrides the the ring
off on your phone and now your phone
will actually ring so you can find your
phone even if it's turned off in terms
of the in terms of the ringer the same
thing is true of your keys from your
phone you can locate your keys or your
wallet that's what tracker is for and
the tracker pixel means that you don't
have to worry about losing things ever
again
again tracker makes a great gift
especially during the holiday season you
have 20% off your order when you go to
the tracker comm slash men again that's
the tracker dot-com slash pen for 20%
off the tracker dot-com / pen
never lose your phone your keys your
wallet ever again it makes your life
super simple that's why I use the
tracker comm and use that / Bendi a 20%
off and let them know that we set you ok
so last night Republicans got their
asses kicked in Virginia and that really
is not an overstatement
I had gillespie ends up losing my almost
10 points in Virginia going into the
election it was assumed that Gillespie
was gaining
everyone on Morning Joe you know your
great political analyst on Morning Joe
had suggested that Gillespie was
definitely going to win universally I
was asked by Andrew Clavin who I thought
was going to win I informed him I no
longer bet on elections after 2016 but
if I had a lien I would have been
leaning toward north on the Democrat in
in Virginia it wasn't just northern
winning it was northern winning big and
it wasn't just northern winning it was
Democrats down the ballot winning in
enormous numbers so Republicans going
into this particular election cycle and
I believe 66 seats in the state
legislature they finished last night
with 47 so they just got shellacked all
the way across the board and it wasn't
just Republicans in Virginia Democrats
picked up a couple of seats in Georgia
excuse me in the state legislature there
and the state legislature those seats
were so read the Democrats had not run
in those districts for the last election
cycle they ran this time they ran this
time and they won okay not just that the
governorship of New Jersey is lostcape
that you can predict it but the
Washington state legislature turns from
Republican to Democrat with the loss of
a legislative seat in Washington what
this means that Democrats are
outperforming the polls it means the
Democrats are showing up in bigger
numbers than Republicans were assuming
that they were going to and they're a
bunch of Democrats including radical
Democrats elected across Virginia last
night including the first transgender
delegate to the Virginia House of
Burgesses in the history of Virginia
obviously as the second transgender
delegate I believe ever to any to any
legislative body I think the first one
was was in 1992 is actually Republican
in in in Atlanta but in any case the
Democrats are celebrating this as some
sort of massive victory so we're going
to analyze this from a couple different
angles because there are a couple of
different narratives that are now taking
effect one is that this was just
inevitable
okay Virginia has been moving blue
particularly in Northern Virginia near
Washington DC everyone who was in
Washington DC working commutes out to
Alexandria and that's where they live
they all live in Alexandria in the in
the northern portion of the state and
that part is becoming more blue and more
populous and so this was just the
natural after effect of all of that and
there is something to this so this is a
map tweeted out by someone named Jamie
Dupree
Jimmy Dupree tweets out a map showing on
the bottom you can see the 2016 Clinton
Trump map right at Hillary won the state
by about five percentage points four
15:45 northern one the state by 5445 and
then you see the top map there the top
map is last night and you do see a
couple of big transition points okay the
first one you see is you look at the
bottom right-hand corner facing it
anyway of the map what you will see is
Virginia Beach right Virginia Beach was
red in 2016 now it is blue so Trump had
one that he lost it last night you also
see some of the blue areas becoming
bluer the red area is becoming lighter
shades of red so the entire state is
moving toward the left and it has been
for quite a while the 2016 map between
2013 and 2017 Virginia moves steadily
Democratic certainly since 2009 when Bob
McDonnell won by 17 points in the
gubernatorial race the state has moved
dramatically to the left it's also
important to mention that the
gubernatorial loss is not unprecedented
so the Trump is the fifth president in a
row to have his party lose both the
Virginia and the New Jersey
gubernatorial races in his first year in
office so he lost this year to North
Amanda Murphy and in New Jersey in 2009
MacDonald won and Christie won they were
both Republicans after Obama was elected
in 2001 Warner and McGreevy won in the
various states Republicans have not been
winning in Virginia for quite a while
McDonald is the only major victory in
Virginia but the state legislature has
been heavily red for quite a while it no
longer is okay so this is sort of the
extent of the analysis that a lot of
people who are pro Trump wanna do I
think sends what the analysis is the
state was already moving red what are
you whining about
Mike Trump lost the state by 5 so last
night gillaspie lost by 9 so Trump is
better than Gillespie so what's the big
deal right the state was already moving
in the wrong direction what are you
wanting about I think this is far too
simplistic because again off your
elections are bad for presidents they
are bad for the president of the the
incumbent party and that means that
Republicans are likely to be in trouble
in the house so the average loss in
House elections for the last 50 60 years
in off your elections has been around 25
seats Republicans have a 23 seat
majority in the House of Representatives
right now so if just the average swing
happens Republicans lose the House of
Representatives but we were told that
Trump was gonna win like no other
winning winning winning winning right so
that's a bit of an excuse but let's take
it at face value
and the question isn't what the
Republicans lose 22 seats the question
is whether Republicans lose 30 or 35
seats when we saw last night in Virginia
was a wave and that's a combination of
factors in my opinion that is yes places
like Virginia moving to the left but
more importantly it is a very unpopular
president remember Trump is unpopular
right now and he has three to four
percent economic growth every quarter if
the bottom falls out on the economy at
any point here that dudes gonna be in
the 20s faster than you can say anything
I mean this is the they could really
fall apart very quickly here unpopular
president off your election motivated
Democratic base the Democratic base is
motivated for two reasons one they
despise president Trump and without
Trump on the ballot a bunch of
Republicans didn't show up and two
Republicans also didn't show up because
Hillary Clinton wasn't on the ballot the
big difference between 2016 and 2017 is
not Trump on the ballot it's Hillary
Clinton not being on the ballot Hillary
Clinton not being on the ballot was a
major boon to Democrats there's a solid
case to be made that Democrats - Hillary
is greater than GOP plus Trump then in
other words the Democrats gained more by
not having Hillary on the ticket than
the Republicans gained by having Trump
around especially in Northern Virginia
where the Republicans just got wiped out
in Loudoun County right which is the DC
exurbs in 2014 I don't know SP who ran
for Senate in 2014 in Virginia also ran
for governor last night in Virginia in
2014 Gillespie won Loudoun County by 456
votes yesterday he lost it by 24
thousand votes 24 thousand votes that is
a massive shift and one of the reasons
for that shift is that suburban people
did not like president Trump their exit
polls yesterday showing from ABC News
that the people who said they voted
because of the president voted two to
one against Gillespie so there was a big
move against Trump here and that does
have an effect so an unpopular president
a candidate who's trying to run a
trumpian campaign when he's not really a
trumpian the fact that the Democrats are
are jazzed up about 2018 in a way
Republicans are not Republicans haven't
done anything with the legislative power
they have also it is quite possible and
this is the contention that I have been
making for literally a year since the
election literally one year because
today is that after the election the the
case that I have been making is that
Hillary Clinton won the election for
President Trump that hope that President
Trump did not actually win the election
Hillary Clinton lost the election no one
showed up to vote for her
and the evidence that I base this on is
that in Wisconsin what you see is an
actual is an actual loss of votes from
2012 to 2016 Mitt Romney won more votes
in 2012 than them Donald Trump won in
2016 in Wisconsin Trump won the state
Romney lost the state that's cuz people
showed up to vote for Obama who didn't
show up to vote for Clinton in 2004
george w bush won more votes in Michigan
than Donald Trump did in 2016
Trump wins the state Bush loses the
state why because people showed up to
vote for John Kerry who didn't show up
to vote for Hillary Clinton it's that
simple
well that's what you're seeing now
Democrats did not vote in the last
election cycle for two reasons one they
thought Hillary was gonna win in a walk
that's what the polls were saying the
New York Times was saying a 99% chance
that Hillary Clinton was going to be
President of the United States on the
morning of the election cycle right this
is they're saying all the way up until
the evening a 99 percent chance that she
was going to be the next president of
the United States and so people didn't
Trump to folks they figured she's gonna
win anyway what does it matter if I go
to shop to vote and to Hillary's most
off-putting candidate in the history of
American politics no one wanted to get
out and vote for her she's not on the
ballot anymore you know who's still on
the ballot Trump so now you get what the
Democrats thought it was gonna be
there's a big argument in 2016 is this
election about Trump or is it about
Hillary right gotta pick one is about
Trump or Hillary I said the entire
election cycle was about Hillary Clinton
Hillary was bouncing around the pole she
was going everywhere from 50 to 40 where
was she gonna end up that was the big
question Trump was very steady between
40 and 45 always right and he was
usually between 43 and 45 and I figured
okay 45 percent is not enough to win
turns out it is but bottom line is that
now you get the referendum up with the
referendum on Trump the referendum on
Hillary's that everyone thought she was
terrible
the referendum on Trump now that no one
else is on the ballot is that Trump is
not popular okay and that does have a
pretty major impact now what the
Democrats are doing is they're trying to
translate this over into a a national
campaign they're basically running
Hillary ISM without Hillary one of the
things that's fascinating is that a lot
of people were saying last night what
you saw was trumpism without Trump I'm
gonna explain why that's not true in a
second and why what you're actually
seeing right now is Hillary ISM without
Hillary in just a second first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over the
u.s. concealed-carry Association so
you've heard me talking about the u.s.
CCA a lot lately and now
they are looking to take your home
defense and concealed-carry confidence
to the next level by inviting you to
their free live training event very cool
Tuesday at the fourteenth all about what
to do if you are forced to defend
yourself in your home you'll get to ask
questions live as personal defense
experts reveal what you can and can't
when you can and cannot use deadly force
in your home what happens after you
shoot you will be arrested no matter
what training drills to keep your skills
sharp and much more be confident your
ability to protect your family in your
home go to concealed-carry live.com
right now to secure your spot that's
concealed-carry live.com right now to
secure your spot and you'll get three
chances to win a Glock 19
just for registering again they're
giving away three Glocks live during the
training obviously you have to pass
whatever check you have to pass go to
concealed-carry live.com now to get your
three chances to win concealed carry
live.com right now to get your three
chances to win spots are filling up fast
concealed-carry live.com check it out
pretty awesome thing you get to ask a
live questions to actual experts on
these subjects okay so there's a lot of
talk last night about Trump and we'll
get to Trump in just a second but what
we actually saw was Hillary ISM on the
ballot without Hillary so you had a
bunch of candidates who ran campaigns
very similar to Hillary Clinton's but
they weren't as nasty and and
off-putting as Hillary Clinton Ralph
Northam ran a pretty nasty low down
campaign accusing ed gillespie of racism
and bigotry
he had a Latino victory caucus put out
that ad that I showed you I what I think
is the worst ad in American political
history showing a Gillespie truck trying
to run down minority children and then
nor them had the gall to go out there
and say that Virginia rejected hatred
and bigotry here's Ralph Northam the new
governor of the state of Virginia today
Virginians have answered and have spoken
Virginia has told us to end the divisive
mist that weed will not condone hatred
and bigotry and to end the politics that
have torn this country apart I want to
let you know
that in Virginia it's gonna take a
doctor to heal our differences he of
course is a doctor so that means that
okay so in any case this is sure
nonsense the idea that they rejected
hatred and bigotry that if Ed Gillespie
had won then people in Confederate flag
trucks were gonna be running down
children and then they say that they're
uniting then they say are uniting he's
runnin Hillary's campaign right this is
what Hillary said about deplorable
he's running Hillary's campaign in an
off-year election and he's doing it
without Hillary's face and this makes a
big difference it demonstrates how
unpopular Hillary Clinton was the same
thing was happening over in New Jersey
the the guy named Phil Murphy is the new
governor over in New Jersey replacing
Chris Christie when Christie's turb is
up and he's doing the same thing we have
a new unity right here again this is
Hillary ISM without Hillary tonight we
declare the days of division are over we
will move forward together this is
exactly who we are New Jersey we have
each other's backs
to believe in each of us is to believe
in all of us
okay so again they're gonna do the whole
unity routine running the Hillary
campaign without Hillary Clinton and
they can win on that okay it's not the
Republicans agenda was was radically you
know greenlit over the past eight years
it was that they're running against
Barack Obama well now Democrats get to
run against Donald Trump and they get to
do so without Hillary Clinton's face at
the head of their ticket that makes a
very very large difference so one of the
questions that's being asked is
basically did Gillespie fight hard
enough so one of the so in defense of
Trump you know what I'm saying here is
that Trump's unpopularity definitely
hurts people down ballot that it drives
Democrats to the polls in a way it
doesn't drive Republicans to the polls
that Trump's approval rating is
historically awful again that ABC News
exit polling showed quote voters by a
two-to-one margin said they were casting
their ballots to show opposition to
Trump rather than support for him in New
Jersey that margin was three to one
people may thrill to Trump's cultural
warfare on the right but it also drives
a bunch of people on the left to the
polls yeah so this is the case that I'm
making but some of this has to do with
Trump not all of it has to do with Trump
but some of it does a lot of people on
the on the Trump side are saying no no
no no no the reason that Gillespie lost
is because he wasn't Trumpkin enough
right is it this is always if your
theory is that Trump is God King Emperor
then everything bad that happens there
new hypothesis that's been created okay
the hypothesis that's been created is
that when someone wins it's because they
were warm to trump and when someone
loses it's because they weren't warm
enough to Trump it's never about the
reality cuz Gillespie basically ran a
very trumpian campaign he didn't openly
campaign with Trump if he had openly
campaigned with Trump he would have lost
worse in the DC exurbs up in northern in
Northern Virginia
he won exactly the same percentage that
Trump won in the state the difference is
the Democrats showed up to vote for
Democrats this time and so the last be
one forty five percent so did Trump
bottom line is Gillespie ends up losing
by ten Trump ends up losing by five
that's because all the Democrats showed
up to vote in fact by polls forty one
