the world prepares for judge Brett
Kavanaugh and his accuser to testify in
front of the Senate President Trump
prepares to release the FISA Kraken and
we analyze the latest poll results i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
oh man I didn't mention that stormy
Daniels has now described the presidents
junk so we have to get to that also
today because I mean come on how could
we ignore that on Erev Yom Kippur the
Day of repentance we have to get in a
little bit of last-minute frippery
before we actually start the repentance
that is happening tonight also I do want
to let you know just right up front that
we do have a special that is beginning
on Fox News this coming Sunday the Ben
Shapiro election special so that is
coming the next four weeks on Fox we are
really excited to bring you that it
should be a lot of fun and have special
guests we're gonna be analyzing the news
when you're going through the polls it's
gonna be just great it's 8 p.m. on
Sundays so go check that out on Sunday
that will be our first episode very
pumped up about that before we get to
any of the other news let me mention to
you that there's no reason for you to
continue to rack up enormous sums of
credit card debt instead with Lending
Club you can consolidate your debt or
pay off credit cards with one fixed
monthly payment since 2007 Lending Club
has helped millions of people regain
control of their finances with
affordable fixed-rate personal loans no
trip to a bank no high interest credit
cards just go to Lending Club com tell
them about yourself how much you want to
borrow pick the terms that are right for
you if you're approved your loan is
automatically deposited into your bank
account in as little as a few days
Lending Club is the number one
peer-to-peer lending platform over
thirty five billion dollars in loans
issued just check it out at Lending Club
com
slash Ben you can check your rate in
minutes you can borrow up to 40 grand
that's Lending Club com / Ben Lending
Club comm / Ben all loans made by web
bank member FDIC Equal Housing lender go
check them out right now because again
there's no reason for you to rack up
enormous credit card charges if you
don't pay off your credit card bill that
sucker can grow really fast on you why
wouldn't you just consolidate your debt
go check it out at Lending Club com /
Ben again that's Lending Club com / Ben
to check your rate in just minutes
alrighty so the world waits aghast as we
find out more about the accusations
against Judge Brett Kavanaugh Brett
Kavanaugh of course president films pick
to replace Justice Anthony Kennedy on
the Supreme Court and he was considered
the establishment pick let us recall I
had serious questions about judge Brett
Kavanaugh on policy grounds but there
seemed to be no real question about him
on character grounds this is a Catholic
father of multiple girls this is a guy
who had been very active in his
community this is somebody who coached
his girls bath
ball team and now there's an accuser who
has come forward her name is Christine
Ford and she has come forward and she
suggests that back when Brett Kavanaugh
was 17 years old and she was 15 years
old at an unspecified party an
unspecified date at an unspecified
location he lay on top of her tried to
rip off her bathing suit covered her
head her hand her mouth with his hand in
an attempt to stifle her screams and
then somehow she escaped and that's the
accusation and they're a bunch of things
to be noted about this accusation first
of all he was 17 at the time and she was
15 according to her this is why it's
good to go to juvenile court when stuff
like this happens because for a lot of
juvenile crimes these the record time
this sort of thing would be sealed right
I mean we wouldn't we have a general
presumption with regard to teenagers
that teenagers are to be granted a
little bit more leeway now listen I'm
not somebody who actually likes that
argument a whole heck of a lot depending
on the nature and severity of the crime
I think there are a lot of cases in
which teens ought to be tried as adults
we talk about rape or murder but in this
particular case the FBI was told about
this and they can't even check it out
because there is no alleged crime that
has taken place like they don't even
know what alleged crime would rise to
the federal level as I mentioned
yesterday and they have no facts to go
on here and she has no facts that she
has provided that would actually allow
for a specific investigation of what
exactly happened over here and what's
even worse her lawyers are now basically
attempting to prevent her from from
saying anything of interest about it her
own lawyer said that it's not important
for her to provide corroboration for her
story her lawyer basically said her name
is Deborah Katz she says basically that
that this woman has no obligation to
probably provide any evidence that these
accusations are even true she can just
throw it out there and we're all
supposed to believe it without any
further corroboration has your client
spoken to any of those other guys or
that girl who could help corroborate her
story she's not and why not is it time
to do that that's that's not her job to
do that if this is going to be
investigated it should be done by
investigators okay well what exactly is
that supposed to mean the FBI can't
investigate she hasn't given any
corroborating details who's supposed to
investigate this and the left is using
the FBI as though they're the super
secret police the FBI is a law
enforcement body tasked with the
enforcement of federal law they are not
the great master detectives
it's not like there's a regular
detective and then there's Sherlock
Holmes and Sherlock Holmes is the FBI
that's not how this thing works it's not
we don't have enough evidence to
actually show something happen but the
FBI they will ferret out the truth it's
funny how the left has come to rely on
the FBI this way as opposed to you know
actually holding hearings on this issue
so yesterday Senator Chuck Grassley
invited the the alleged victim Christine
Blasi Ford invited her to speak in front
of the Senate committee and supposedly
she accepted according to CNN the
Republican leader of the Senate
Judiciary Committee said on Monday he
would convene remarkable new public
hearings in a week's time after sexual
assault allegations emerged against
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
both Cavanaugh and the woman who has
accused him of physical and sexual
assault Christine Blasi Ford will
testify before the panel setting up a
blockbuster event that could decide
Cavanaugh's fate the announcement made
under pressure from lawmakers to fully
examine the new claims will delay what
had been a glide path toward
confirmation for president Trump's
nominee the political stakes for the
White House and members of Congress are
enormous
as the me2 movement galvanizes women
ahead of key congressional elections in
November now make no mistake the only
thing left wants out of this is
withdrawn Kavanagh nomination in the
hopes that somehow for some desperate
reason Democrats will take the Senate in
November and by the time Trump can
nominate somebody else and go through
the process it will be a Democratic
Senate that can reject the nominee
that's the actual plan here it has
nothing to do with Brett Kavanaugh it
has nothing to do with the seriousness
of the charges the Democrats are not
treating the charges seriously
Dianne Feinstein who originally received
these receive these in July she did
nothing for eight weeks for eight weeks
she did nothing nothing she didn't tell
her Senate Democratic colleagues she'd
until the rest of the Senate shouldn't
ask any questions of Cavanaugh in
writing or in person
she never phone call with Cavanaugh she
didn't talk to the lady presumably right
all that happened is that she received
this letter she sat on it and then just
before the confirmation she decided to
release it in a last-ditch attempt to
hold off the hearings as long as
possible so that this would stretch
beyond the next election cycle that's
all that is happening right here and how
do we know that because now it is
obvious that the Democrats are simply
using delay tactics so there's ten
Democrats the Judiciary Committee
Democrats put out a statement yesterday
and they said this with only a few hours
notice and over the objections of
ranking member Feinstein Judiciary
Committee Republicans scheduled a staff
level phone call with Brett Kavanaugh
concerning allegations
sexually assaulted a young woman in view
of the enormity and seriousness of these
allegations a staff only phone call
behind closed doors is unacceptable and
Democratic staff will not participate
this isn't how things should be done and
is in complete violation of how this
committee has worked in the past
the FBI has the resources and know-how
to conduct an objective independent
evaluation of these sensitive
allegations with appropriately trained
investigators this isn't just about an
interview
it's about analyzing information and
gathering the facts that's what the FBI
does and that's why they're in charge of
the background review process except
that the FBI has already kicked this to
the White House they said we have no
basis for investigation here what the
hell are you talking about
so Democrats are throwing this to the
FBI so that they can avoid actually
going forward with hearing that might
clear this up their entire goal is to
smear Brett Kavanaugh whether this woman
is telling the truth or not that is not
relevant to the Democrats the Democrats
in the Senate Judiciary Committee are
obviously engaged in political
brinksmanship here this has nothing to
do with guilt or innocence it has
nothing to do it the truth of the
charges is one of the most scurrilous
political tacks I've ever seen whether
she's telling the truth or not because
Democrats don't actually want to get at
the truth that's what's obvious from
this procedural maneuvering they're not
doing this because they want to know
what actually happened they're not doing
this because they think Brett Kavanaugh
ought to be kicked off because they
believe the charges they're doing this
because they want a delay so that they
can stop whoever Trump nominates that's
all this is this isn't about Cavanaugh
versus Christine Blasi Ford this is
about roe v wade this is about Democrats
want to uphold what they believe to be a
left majority on the Supreme Court now
the irony is that Cavanaugh probably
wouldn't vote to overturn roe v-- wade
in the first place
but that doesn't actually matter for
Democrats it is important they stop
whatever this nomination is the
Democrats continue they say if that
review is closed we call on the FBI to
reopen it and properly investigate this
new important information like based on
what again based on what if you're the
FBI how do you possibly look at charges
that are so unspecific we don't know
date we don't know time we don't know
location we don't know in maybe year or
I mean I guess that the the accusation
is summer of 1982 summer of 1982 in an
unspecified place what does the FBI
supposed to do with that use a time
machine this isn't and this isn't
Minority Report
hey Tom Cruise's in the back room with a
bunch of weird goo people
to figure out what's gonna happen in the
future and prevent future crime that's
not how this works but of course the
Democrats know that this is all a
cynical ploy III do love how Democrats
are playing all of this they say that
she is absolutely believable what makes
her absolutely believable that it's
useful my Barbara Boxer who is just an
idiot former senator from the state of
California she was on MSNBC she was the
stupidest woman in the United States
Senate she's no longer there now it's
Feinstein and Kamala Harris Feinstein is
smart Kamala Harris is not Barbara Boxer
says we should believe this woman why
should you believe this woman well
because we should believe this woman but
why you ask well because we should
there's Barbara Boxer explaining this
woman is to be believed Ana issue is one
of the most incredible people I know in
this world she has a heart of gold and
she's sharp
she knows after sitting with that woman
you can believe Ana issue and you can
believe dr. Ford this was attempted rape
and this is a woman who exhibits dr.
Ford courage but the classic signs of
post-traumatic stress what in the world
yeah again where's the evidence that is
true well the evidence is that she wants
it to be true and we've seen this on
both sides of the aisle right we've seen
that there are folks on the right who
are like oh well I don't believe the Roy
Moore allegations
why don't you believe multiple women
something like eight women who testified
he used to hit on fourteen-year-old
girls what because I don't believe them
but why well because in this particular
case I don't know who to believe right I
don't know who to believe I think there
are holes in her story that need to be
filled I think that the the Democrats
are playing politics with this but
Democrats are all fired sure that this
woman's allegations are real why well
because it's politically convenient
here's Chuck Schumer I think the
allegations of Professor Ford are
extremely credible yeah she took a
lie-detector test she talked to this to
her therapist they were having family
counseling in part because of what
happened to her five years ago and told
all the details and third to come out
and say something like this puts you and
your family through incredible scrutiny
people throw brick bats at you and
everything else she
do it on a whim I don't think she did it
for political reasons so she has a great
deal of credibility okay this is this
argument that a woman has a great deal
of credibility because she has a lot to
lose coming forward who has more to lose
christine Blasi for tor Judd Brett
Kavanaugh who's not only going to lose
his career but also a spot in the
Supreme Court if we're gonna talk about
people who have something to lose and
who are risking a lot here it's
Kavanaugh not Christine Blasi Ford who's
being held up as a heroine for all of
this now I'm not saying emotionally it's
not difficult for her to come forward
and again I'm gonna say it for the 1,000
time it's quite possible she's telling
the truth but I don't know and you don't
know and nobody knows because the only
people in that room even allegedly well
Brett Kavanaugh and Mark charge both of
whom deny and this woman Brett Kavanaugh
by the way says he wasn't even at a
party he says he wasn't even at that
party and the left says well how does he
know which party she's talking about
unless he knows the party well maybe he
wasn't at a party it's pretty blanket
claim I should be easy to debunk if the
Democrats think they can debunk it so
why can't they to bunk it because they
don't feel they needed a bunk it this is
all politics and I'll talk in a minute
about about the lie detector side of
this
well what Chuck Schumer has to say right
there because it's just asinine but
first let's talk about the possibility
of natural disaster so you're watching
tropical depression Florence bad or the
East Coast people who are holed up in
their houses maybe have no place to go
and you hope that everybody is stocked
up you hope that everybody is able to
take care of their family well you
should be one of those people when there
is some sort of disaster no power
refrigeration failing stores closed this
is when it would be good to have some
emergency food on hand I trust my
Patriots apply for dependable food
storage and you should as well every
person in your household should have at
least a two-week emergency food supply
from my Patriot supply this week they're
offering a special price of only 75
bucks for a food kit that contains
ninety two servings of breakfasts
lunches and dinners call eight eight
eight eight oh three 14 13 or go to my
special website prepare with been calm
the food lasts up to 25 years in storage
only 75 bucks that includes a rugged
tote order now 888 803 1413 or prepare
with been calm again that's eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
or prepare with been calm go check it
out right now you should be prepared in
case of emergency your family should be
prepared the government tells you you
ought to be prepared so you should go
check it out right now and make sure
that you are in case god forbid you're
gonna need to use it eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen prepare
with been calm again 75 bucks for ninety
two servings of breakfast lunch
and dinners check it out right now
prepare with been calm so you heard
Chuck Schumer there say that this woman
took a lie-detector test who cares why
detectives are inadmissible in court
they do not actually prove whether
someone is lying or not
according to LiveScience a polygraph is
not a lie detector and it never was a
polygraph detects physiological
expressions associated with lying in
some people such as a racing heart and
sweaty fingers the determination of
truth versus falsehood is a subjective
interpretation by the polygraph examiner
so when people say that there's a they
took a polygraph that doesn't mean
anything it legitimately means nothing
it's not even admissible in court and
you know this is now proof that she's
absolutely telling the truth by the way
she could be telling you the truth
about what she thinks she believes
people people actually over time people
have memories of events that are not
necessarily the most accurate but you
start to believe that that was your
memory of the event because memories
change over time I'm not even accusing
this woman of bad faith all I'm saying
is that if there's no corroborate of
evidence there is no way to suggest that
she is more believable than Brett
Kavanaugh so president Trump responds to
these accusations here's what President
Trump has to say judge Kavanagh is one
of the finest people that I've ever
known he's an outstanding judge
respected by everybody never had even a
little blemish on his record the FBI has
I think gone through a process six times
with him over the years where he went to
higher and higher positions he is
somebody very special okay this is just
it is cynical garbage and how can you
tell that it's cynical garbage the way
the Democrats are playing this again not
the accusation the way the Democrats are
playing it how can you tell it's cynical
garbage listen to Donna Brazile donna
brazile was the head of the DNC briefly
before it turned out that she was
feeding tube eight questions allegedly
to Hillary Clinton against Bernie
Sanders and then she was ousted well
she's still a respected figure in
democratic circles for some odd reason
