Kanye visits the White House the press
lose their minds and we check the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
so Elon Musk's theory is that we are all
living inside a computer simulation this
all isn't real yesterday he had some
pretty good evidence for his theory
because Kanye West and Donald Trump were
in the Oval Office and Donald Trump is
president and Kanye West was visiting
and that was a thing that happened in
real life and we'll talk about all of
those things first I have a couple of
reminders for you first of all tune in
today 2 p.m. Eastern 11:00 a.m. Pacific
for another special live stream of
another Kingdom season 2 episodes 1 & 2
episode 1 will be free in its entirety
only the first 15 minutes of the second
episode will be available to watch on
Facebook and YouTube to be able to watch
all of episode 2 and every other episode
in the new season of another Kingdom you
have to become a daily wire subscriber
all you have to do is click on the link
in the description also reminder Sunday
is the final episode of the Ben Shapiro
election special on fox news when
blowing out the ratings and we hope that
you will see our final episode it's
going to be awesome we have lots of
great materials so go check that out
it's 8 p.m. Eastern on Fox News on
Sunday lots of good stuff gonna be on
that show so go check that out and also
before we get to the news I first need
to remind you that you need to eat
fill your belly and do it in style with
blue apron ok blue apron allows you to
cook pre-prepared pre-portioned
ingredients into a gourmet meal you do
it in your own kitchen here's how it
works you choose chef's designed recipes
and then they deliver fresh seasonally
inspired ingredients you can cook
incredible meals in as little as 20
minutes cooking particularly have kids
it's a lot of fun and the dinner is
gourmet style it's really good stuff
blue apron says all of them in the meal
prep for you again dinner it in as
little as 20 minutes every week at least
three recipes are built with your busy
schedule in mind wear blue apron has
done the meal prep they've prepared the
sauces the spices the ingredients and
they offer a range of recipes bursting
with flavor whether you are looking for
quick and easy meals or a full keulen
airy cooking experience blue apron lets
you choose from a range of recipe
options blue aprons awesome people
around the office have been using it for
a long time blue apron comms flash up
irrigator first three meals for free
again that's blue apron comm slash
appear to get those first three meals
for free you're gonna be cooking stuff
like stir fried sweet chili chicken or I
mean this is like gourmet stuff tomato
and basil pesto pesto pizza with roasted
cauliflower on the side I mean this is
this is solid stuff and you're beat
you're gonna be cooking it yourself and
it's less expensive than going to a
restaurant
and also it's better so go check it out
right now blue apron calm slash up hero
again blue apron calm slash up here to
get your first three meals for free okay
so yesterday was the thing that happened
in real life
kanye west as I've always said live by
the Kanye die by the Kanye but yesterday
the President of the United States lived
by the Kanye because Kanye West came to
the White House
now as I've said for many months at this
point do I think that Kanye West is the
world's best political commentator do I
think that he's on par with you know the
late Charles Krauthammer no I don't so I
think that he knows a lot about politics
I don't think that he's read tons of
books but do I think that he has a
unique perspective on the world that I
do and so I think that he has every
right to express that perspective just
as anyone else would absolutely and do I
appreciate more than anything that Kanye
West has basically said look I am an
individual I'm not just a black man who
fits in your category I'm an individual
with my own thoughts and experiences and
feelings and that allows me to think
outside the box with regard to my
politics without you trying to Club me
into place like a baby seal that I
appreciate that I appreciate and when
Kanye wears around the Maggie hat and he
says that this basically is me just
saying to the world I can think for
myself that's a message that I like and
appreciate and think is actually deeply
important because even if it's coming
from a guy who I don't think is world's
most knowledgeable about politics that's
not a message that requires you to be
all that knowledgeable about politics
saying I like to get more information I
like to think for myself and I'm not
going to be the person you think I ought
to be simply based on the color of my
skin deeply deeply important message
from Kanye West so Kanye has been what's
funny is all the people on the Left were
very upset at Kanye like oh well what's
Kanye actually doing except chilling for
Trump Kim Kardashian got a woman freed
from prison okay what have you done
lately yeah I didn't even agree with
Trump's decision on that on Alice Marie
Johnson who was leading a drug ring it
turns out but she was pardoned by
President Trump because Kanye West and
Kim Kardashian lobbied it is that simple
and Kanye West has been pushing hard for
criminal justice reform so as Kim
Kardashian and president Trump is about
to overrule Jeff Sessions on criminal
justice reform in the same way largely
because of Kanye's lobbying so Kanye by
extending a hand actually received a
hand in return which is why you saw that
meme from predator going there
a of the of the Arnold Schwarzenegger
arm and the Apollo Creed arm you know
the Carl Weathers arm locked in the in
the muscle II embrace that's what you
saw yesterday at the White House so it
was wild I mean let's not pretend that
this was a meeting of brilliant minds on
serious issues
it was Kanye West and Donald Trump in
the Oval Office and it seemed directly
out of idiocracy but was it important
for the culture that there be somebody
in a prominent position to say yeah I'm
allowed to think for myself yeah that's
that's important stuff so anyway Kanye
goes to the White House and again I
don't like celebrity politics but this
is the world we have chosen this is
where we live i I hate celebrity
politics when it was Obama
I used to mock the crap out of him for
this sort of stuff I hated it when it
was Hillary Clinton used to mock her
incessantly for this sort of stuff I
don't like it from Republicans either
but and so when I say I don't like
celebrities in the Oval Office and I
don't like the meeting with the
president and I don't like all of the
pomp and circumstance and show and all
that believe me I don't but since this
is the world we have chosen and the
world we have chosen to live in it is
hypocritical for folks on the Left to
suggest great when Obama does it
terrible when Trump does anyway Kanye
shows up at the White House and things
got wild things got really wild because
it turns out that Kanye is a wild dude
so here he is in the Oval Office wearing
his Magga hat and the press are just
eating this stuff up the press the very
serious press who say no we must treat
the president with the presidency in the
Oval Office with all sorts of respect
there they're eating this up they love
it they couldn't love anything more so
here was Kanye yesterday saying that
Trump did not expect a crazy mofo like
Kanye fair enough
here he is Trump is on his hero's
journey right now and he might have
expected to have a crazy mother like
Kanye West run up and support but best
believe we are going to make America
great okay so the the press went nuts
over this particular comment for a
couple of reasons one saying that Trump
was on a hero's journey which is pretty
joseph campbell and second him dropping
mofo on TV in the Oval Office so Jim
Acosta tweeted this out Jim Acosta
tweeted out Kanye just said mother-effer
in the Oval Office / White House pool
and people like ovule cage him is he
gonna be okay Jim
and because that's ridiculous like not
to put too fine a point on it but Bill
Clinton got in the Oval Office
so I'm really not gonna go if we're
gonna talk about things that disgrace
the Oval Office like cigars have had
human bodily fluids on them that didn't
come from the oral cavity in the Oval
Office like they had to steam clean all
the carpets after Bill Clinton left it
and and there's there's a book fully
describing Rahm Emanuel dropping the MF
bomb repeatedly in the Oval Office so no
Jim Acosta I love Jim Acosta getting all
hot and bothered about all of this i
clutching his pearls it's just it's
amazing it's just amazing so Jim Acosta
anyway so Kanye says all of that and
then Kanye goes on and he says you know
what I love my Maggie hat now we know he
loves his Maggie hat because he said
this before he was on SNL and he said my
Maggie hat is just the best thing ever
which I got to admit it's pretty
fantastic the Kanye wears a Maggie hat
it is because just the the juxtaposition
of Kanye who is I have been told by the
Utes one of the cooler people in America
wearing the Maggie hat and let's be
straight about Magga hats just as a
general rule just aesthetically there's
something that my family wore at like
the Shapiro family picnics in 1996 that
you got from like the mass production
store that had like you remember they
had like a little woven band that goes
just above the brim of the cap so Kanye
wearing that as sort of a an ironic feel
is just spectacular
so here's Kanye talking about why Maggie
hats are awesome and you got to
appreciate it man you just you can do
one of two things you can either cry at
the tragedy that this is what our
national politics has become or you can
laugh at the fact that Donald Trump is
now swiveling every pop culture meme the
left ever created back on them and
slapping them in the face with it which
is just hilarious and maybe feel like
Superman you made a Superman house
that's my favorite superhero and you
make a Superman cape for me also as a
guy that looks up to you
the wrap-around list up to American
industry guys non-political no bull put
the beep on it however you want to do it
five seconds to delay and just goes in
and gets it done yes okay so first of
all learning a couple of things net clip
one Superman is Kanye's favorite
superhero which is good I mean that's a
good pick
I'd go at Batman myself but Kanye's got
his own taste man and then we also
learned that de magie hat is like a
Superman cape which is just spectacular
you could see the media members in the
room collapsing in on themselves like
dying stars it's just great and then
Kanye does the worst thing in the world
he gets up and he says about President
Trump I love this guy
now what's hilarious about this is that
until Donald Trump ran for president
this was the view of Hollywood Donald
Trump was very popular with all of these
people in the media he was very popular
he was very popular in Hollywood like
he'd go around and however people would
be back slapping him giving him hugs he
was doing cameos on every show so it's
kind of funny now that oh my god Kanye
gave him a hug everybody loved Donald
Trump until the guy ran for president in
2016 at which point everybody hated
Donald Trump but here was Kanye breaking
the ultimate taboo and making physical
contact in the flesh with Donald J Trump
there it is there's the curl weathers
Arnold Schwarzenegger hand grip just
amazing stuff and then Kanye actually
had some pretty good political comments
so we'll do the good and then we'll get
to you know the weird so he so he had
some good political comments about
racism what he said is basically you
can't use racism as an excuse for
failing in America anymore instead maybe
we ought to think about how we actually
better the country seems pretty fair to
me and this is coming from a guy who as
I understand it grew up with a single
mom in an impoverished area and then
made himself a billionaire so even
though I don't like rap and I'm not a
fan of Kanye's music his story is a
pretty American story it's a pretty
amazing American story
here's Konya talking about racism a lot
of times it's just the overall lack of
reparations that we any given point we
say oh this is races this is race if
this is race this is racist the liberal
would try to control a black person
the concept of racism because they know
that we are very proud of emotional
people so when I said I like Trump to
like someone that's liberal they'll say
oh but these races you think races okay
control me don't stop me that's an
invisible wall yes yep slow clap for
Kanye and this is the point right the
point that he's actually making here
does not require you to be all that
learned in politics and when he says
that racism is very often used by
political actors in order to achieve a
particular result in order to manipulate
people that is certainly true that is
certainly true so well done Kanye there
and then Kanye made everyone's head
explode when he defended the Second
Amendment which is just badass here's
Kanye doing that debate about the Second
Amendment going on the problem is
illegal guns illegal guns is the problem
not not legal guns we have the right to
bear arms oh no all of there has just
exploded Kanye actually saying the truth
constitutionally about the Second
Amendment now listen as I say before
anytime you get in bed with celebrity
you should expect that somebody's gonna
get screwed and the fact is that
something could happen with Kanye as a
personality that could be damaging to
all of the points that he's making here
but take it at face value for what it is
today
he is saying some things that need to be
said and when you hear an argument you
really instead of first considering the
source you may first want to consider
the validity of the argument the
argument that Kanye is making there is
exactly right now as I say live by the
Kanye die by the Kanye now I'll explain
in a second how they die by the Kanye
half of this work and then we'll get to
the media coverage which is the real
story the media coverage of this meeting
is a much bigger story than Kanye
actually visiting the White House he's
been to the White House before I believe
I mean he went there when Obama was
president actually so it's not a giant
shock but we'll talk in a second about
the media coverage first let's talk
about how you make your business more
efficient one way that you can make your
business more efficient is by putting it
on legally solid footing you know the
same time is money it is true especially
when you run your own business but legal
takes a lot of time and it takes a lot
of money which is why you need to turn
to Legal Zoom over the last 17 years
more than a million Americans have used
Legal Zoom to help launch their
businesses but that is only the
beginning
Legal Zoom also now has a network of
independent attorneys and tax
professionals they can provide you
the advice you need to get through the
daily grind of running your business and
the best part is you don't have to worry
about driving to anyone's office or
being billed by the hour
because LegalZoom isn't actually a law
firm you can count on Legal Zoom to
provide the business resources you need
and service that fits in your schedule
listen I've been using Legal Zoom since
long before they had this attorney
services now they have this network of
independent attorneys that broadens the
scope of the services they can provide
it is just great because you can I
promise you can spend a fortune on legal
if you can avoid that by going to Legal
Zoom you should totally do it
go to Legal Zoom calm right now and use
promo code been at checkout for special
savings again that's promo code been at
legalzoom.com Legal Zoom where life
meets legal go check it out
legalzoom.com okay so as I say there's
good Kanye and then there's bad Kanye so
it's great when people make good
arguments it's not as good when they
juxtapose them with crazy talk
so I do have to point out that Kanye did
engage in some very Kanye behavior Kanye
took out his phone and he proceeded to
punch in his code which as it turns out
is zero zero zero zero and then it was
funny people were getting uptight about
this because how can you reveal Kanye's
code on his phone do you have Kanye's
phone you know do you so does it matter
unless he loses his phone is that going
to matter at all but I will say that
Kanye needs better code protection on
his phone that's it mr. West I would
appreciate it if you used some other
number other than zero zero zero in any
case he types in zero zero zero zero and
then he proceeds to show the President
of the United States a picture of a
hydrogen powered airplane and this is a
thing that happened because I don't know
I don't know man we all hit our head on
the toilet and now we invented the flux
capacitor or something so here is Kanye
showing showing President Trump a
hydrogen powered airplane this right
here is the I plain one there's a
hydrogen power airplane and this is what
our president should be flying in look
at this year
you know like that well we're gonna have
Apple American company work on this
plain wood this is our president he has
to be the freshest the playas the flyest
Plains the best factory okay so it all
comes as a package man
there is no separating this out the same
guy who's saying some good stuff about
politics is also talking about
hydrogen-powered I planes so that is the
thing I will say just as as an observer
it was really funny to watch a president
Trump during this meeting because
President Trump is rarely blown out of a
room by somebody else is sort of
wackiness and charisma usually it's
Trump blowing somebody else out of the
room with that sort of stuff him sitting
across from Kanye and looking at the
look on president Trump's face it's kind
of like the look that Jeb Bush has on
his face when he's in a room with
President Trump cuz they Trump suddenly
realized what it was like to be Jeb Bush
and watch this guy who's a much bigger
celebrity just jabbering at him and not
knowing quite what to do it was really
funny so you have to appreciate the
humor in all this and also is it a big
deal that Kanye visited the White House
it would have been if we were if we were
a serious country but we're not a
serious country we're not okay Barack
Obama was fine with having celebrities
at the White House I will show you in
just one second so the media came out
how dare this happen how dare it know
it's so bad it's so terrible so over on
MSNBC the hosts over there Stephanie
ruhle and Ali Velshi they just melted
down they suggested that Kanye West was
an insane person but they also suggested
Stephanie ruhle goes this is an assault
on the White House really again in that
room Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky knee
