Omarosa says she's got tapes Jim Acosta
and Jim Acosta makes a mockery of
himself once more and the Oscars decided
to answer things up I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show you know is a
long night when you come in hot like
that right off the top just really solid
stuff to open the show right there by
blowing the intro so that's what happens
when the alarm goes off in your house
and 1:00 in the morning and you're just
creeping around your house trying not to
wake up your kids and 1:00 in the
morning and then of course it turns out
that it's all a malfunction I do
actually have news to get to today but I
have to remind you that next week we are
actually taking our show on the road to
audiences in Dallas in Phoenix
okay it's next week each venue is almost
entirely sold out if you have not yet
gotten your tickets head over to Live
Nation calm or Ticketmaster calm search
Ben Shapiro you don't want to miss it
it's gonna be a blast and I can't wait
to see you there also I want to remind
you that if you need to relax okay if
you've just been stressed out over the
summer stressed out about the news about
your job well the best way to ensure
that your stress is alleviated is by
heading over to Zeile calm because Zeile
is the place where you can get a massage
on demand you don't have to go to a spy
enough to wait in line and have to pay
exorbitant prices Zeile comm ensures
that you can select from top local
licensed and pre-screened massage
therapists you choose your favorite
technique gender preference time and
location for your massage and Zeile will
then send one of their 10,000 licensed
massage therapists with the massage
table music and supplies to give you a
five-star massage scheduling booking
payment fast and easy even the tip has
included seven days a week 365 days a
year
as 'il massage therapists can be at your
door in as little as an hour it's
privacy its convenience its quality its
comfort I've gotten zeal for my wife for
my parents for my sister for my
mother-in-law legitimately everyone my
family has you zeal one point or another
because it is just great and you can do
it on the spur of the moment to help you
get started our listeners can get twenty
five bucks off their first massage with
promo code been again that seals EEE
Elcom promo code bent right now go to
zeal comm or the iPhone or Android app
get that special offer when you try seal
today again promo code bond you get 25
bucks off your first in-home massage
they bring the spa to you it is just
great so go check that out
okay so chaos continues to reign inside
the Trump administration despite the
fact that the situation in the United
States is good the economy is very solid
we're not in mesh in any serious foreign
crises the chaos that has been caused
the staffing of this administration just
continues to resonate the latest stories
that Amuro semana Gault who never should
have been anywhere near the Oval Office
has tapes inside the Oval Office which
who would have suspected that from her
crazy appearances on The Apprentice
who'd have suspected that the woman who
played a villain on The Apprentice would
actually end up taping Donald Trump
Donald Trump has suspected pretty much
every one of taping him but it turns out
that the two people who actually did
tape him are his own lawyer and Omarosa
Manigault according to The Daily Beast
Michael Cohen Donald Trump's personal
attorney and fixer isn't the only one
with secretly recorded audio of the
president multiple sources with direct
knowledge of the situation
tell The Daily Beast @ Omarosa Manigault
the infamous former apprentice star who
followed Trump to the White House
secretly recorded conversations with the
president conversations his since
leveraged while shopping her tell-all
book which is titled unhinged right
she's going to make every buck that she
can off of being associated with Trump
shoes and nobody when Trump found her
she's gonna be a nobody again but not
before she makes trouble for President
Trump by suggesting she has tapes of all
the worst things Trump has ever said I'm
not sure honestly what you could catch
him on tape doing that would be worse
than what he has tweeted but I guess
we're gonna find out for months it has
been rumored that Manigault has
clandestinely recorded on her smartphone
tapes of unspecified private discussions
she had in the West Wing
audio actually does exist and even stars
Trump one person confirmed to The Daily
Beast they'd heard at least one of the
recordings multiple sources said that
the recorded conversations are anodyne
everyday chatter but they did appear to
feature at Trump's voice which grants
her additional credibility in pumping
her book the media of course will treat
her with all sorts of respect there's
there's a phenomenon in the media where
if you rip on a Republican figure and
you were once a friend with the
Republican figure then you get this sort
of grand new respect a strange new
respect suddenly you are taken very
seriously if you used to work in the
Trump administration and then you turn
on Trump you're Michael Cohen then all
the sudden numbers ago Michael Cohen
great truth teller really good guy
Omarosa who everyone despises suddenly
Omarosa
is a wonderful person again but but it
does demonstrate that when President
Trump says that he staffs up with the
best people and not so much as a
flashback to president from tweeting
just five years ago quote honest Omarosa
she won't backstab she'll come at you
from the front unless she's recording
you like with her phone in her pocket so
none of that is particularly good
meanwhile
Giuliani is on the road trying to gin up
support for the president in the Muller
investigation as I had suggested before
the idea of putting Donald Trump in a
room with Robert Muller is the height of
stupidity there is no way in hell that
the President of the United States
should sit down with Robert Muller he
doesn't have a legal obligation to do so
according to Supreme Court rulings
there's a Supreme Court ruling in US
versus Nixon which suggests that the
President of the United States can be
subpoenaed for evidence if there's
physical evidence like the Watergate
tapes then he can be subpoenaed for that
but it is absolutely unclear whether the
President of the United States has to
sit down with members of the Justice
Department which he runs and then order
the FBI which he is the head of that is
unclear at best right now
Trump is negotiating with Muller to sit
down with him apparently Rudy says that
if Trump sits down with Muller Rudy
Guiliani of course being Trump's lawyer
Rudy says that if Trump sits down with
Muller they shouldn't cover two topics
the firing of James Comey and the
discussions about Michael Flynn regard
with with James Comey as you recall
Michael Flynn was the president's former
national security adviser after he was
fired James Comey suggested that he
might be prosecuted the President of the
United States said to him that he would
like it if Comey could find his way
clear to letting Flynn off the hook
because he's a good guide nothing ever
really came of that and then of course
he fired Jim's call me the suggestion
here is that Trump doesn't want to talk
to Muller about issues of obstruction of
justice because there are really three
areas in which Trump bears possible
legal liability two of them I think are
particularly weak so the first one is
that Trump theoretically could be caught
up in a conspiracy charge conspiracy
charge involves you and I decide that
we're gonna rob a bank so we got
together and we make a plan to rob a
bank we have now come into conspiracy to
rob the bank but there has to be an
underlying crime there has to be
something we were going to do that was
criminal or if you and I got together
and we drop a conspiracy to go down to
the grocery store and shop that is not a
crime because there is no underlying
crime well the question is whether there
was an underlying crime in which the
President of the United States was
involved the evidence there is not good
okay then there's no evidence whatsoever
that Trump either knew about any
conspiracy between the Trump team and
the Russian government or even that a
conspiracy between team Trump and the
Russian government was was happening
insofar as a criminal conspiracy because
it's not clear that it's actually
criminal for Team Trump to get for
example Oppo
info on Hillary Clinton now does that
mean it's good no that doesn't mean that
it's good but it doesn't mean that it's
illegal not quite the same thing legal
charges are not the same thing as doing
bad things as a lot of people found out
with regard to Hillary Clinton it turns
out that destroying a server that you
create may not actually be legally
prosecuted but it is still a bad thing
to do and you may lose an election
because of it so that's area number one
is the conspiracy area area number two
is the obstruction area and here the
idea would be that if the President of
the United States tried to shut down the
mall our investigation or tried to
obstruct the mall or investigation in
any way then perhaps you can bring a
charge that's really weak because Trump
is the head of the executive branch even
fired Miller tomorrow that wouldn't
actually be obstruction obstruction
would be if he tried to hide evidence or
if there was a pending judicial
proceeding and he tried to bribe
somebody or if you want to Muller and he
ordered him to come up with a particular
result on the investigation
so obstruction is weak sauce unless
Trump goes in front of Moeller and says
in front of Muller that he intended to
fire James Comey to stop the
investigation if he says that then you
have a pretty cut-and-dry obstruction
charge that would be a serious problem
for president Trump which is why Trump
doesn't want to talk to Muller about any
of that and then finally you have the
biggest issue for Trump which is why he
shouldn't talk to Miller at all and that
is lying to the FBI the president has an
unfortunate habit of of saying
everything that comes into his head he
has a severe case of dysentery of the
mouth and it's just diarrhea overflow of
the mouth and when he is in front of a
lawyer that is a really bad problem as I
said on Fox yesterday on Kennedy show if
you are a person who wants to be taken
seriously but not literally don't go
into law law is all about taking people
literally not just seriously Trump says
a lot of stuff where we all kind of go
yeah that's just trumping Trump lawyers
don't do that particularly prosecutor so
Trump would be foolish to sit down with
Robert Motherwell Rudy Giuliani was on
with Sean Hannity yesterday and Hannity
asked him like why are you even having
these talks in the first place why is
this even happening Giuliani said the
reality is the real story is that this
case isn't going to fizzle it's gonna
blow up on them the real question is
what we talked about before there's a
lot more to what they did that nobody
knows about yet a lot more to the
obstruction of justice to the collusion
to the fake dossier Kennedy said I know
some of it which is not particularly
surprising since he coordinates with the
Trump administration a lot and Giuliani
said can it get any worse I mean what do
we need to know that this is it
illegitimate investigation based on a
report a dossier that was paid for by
Hillary Clinton and the Democrats so
Sean asks the the correct question which
is okay well then why don't you just
fire Mahler and if this whole thing is
illegitimate why don't you fire him and
why would you talk about sitting down
with team Muller and Giuliani
essentially said well we know there
would be political blowback also if this
thing is not over by September it's
going to be a problem so it's it's yeah
I'm not sure the team Trump has the
greatest strategy here but Giuliani can
only do as a lawyer what his what his
client wants him to do all of that said
these are criminal questions this is not
the political question the political
question is how much this affects the
Republican Party going into the midterm
elections in 2018 a lot of Trump fans
think all this stuff doesn't have any
impact on congressional elections I'm
very skeptical of that point of view
there's a good piece by seán trend over
at Real Clear Politics today talking
about the the actual statistical trends
going into the 2018 elections he says
the results on Tuesday night which we
talked about here yesterday in Ohio's
12th congressional district and across
the country the results weren't fully
consistent with a democratic wave in the
house washing up on our shores in
November well there's still time between
now and then there's not a lot of time
and we're at the point where these
elections start to be suggestive if not
fully predictive start with Ohio this is
a Republican district overall it leans
Republican by seven points they're
around 60 GOP hell districts that are
less Republican than this one a Democrat
has won this area of the state just once
since the Great Depression the last time
the seat was open in 2000 the Republican
won by 10 points and the district has
made substantially Republican since then
in short Democrats had no business being
competitive here even with a good
candidate in O Connor so what happened
two things first turnout was down in the
rural portions of the districts compared
to the urban areas that means that Trump
voters didn't show up in Ohio Franklin
County which is Columbus cast around 35
percent of the vote Tuesday as compared
to 32 percent in 2016 but that means
greater energy on the Democratic side
second Democrat vote share was up in
urban and suburban areas these are all
the voters the president Trump has been
alienating in suburban areas Franklin
County was a different story this
portion of the district contains a lot
of the older suburbs of Columbus places
people moved to in the 70s and 80s to
Barry won 59 percent of the vote here
bothersome 135 percent to Barry was the
candidate the Republican candidate
before ball derson so the
verbs the Republicans are just falling
off in a serious way Shawn trend who's a
very good elections analyst he concludes
this isn't a great sign for the GOP the
Democrats combined to run three points
ahead of Republicans in the eighth
District something of a Seattle analog
to Ohio's 12th is beatle Washington 8th
district of more concern for the GOP
Republicans ran only a half point ahead
of Democrats in the third district which
leans Republican by about four points so
it could be bad stuff for Republicans
come November which is why they really
need to focus in on the issues and it's
not like they don't have something to
work with it's not like they're on
something to work with I want to talk
about what congressional elections
really revolve around in just one second
but first let's talk about your
underwear when it comes to comfort down
below there is underwear and then there
is Tommy John the revolutionary clothing
brand that is redefined comfort for
Americans everywhere including me I wear
Tommy John underwear and they are just
fantastic Tommy John's is not give
enough they give three EPs fabric fit
and function Tommy John obsessions
obsesses over every little detail and
stitch by using proprietary fabrics that
perform like nothing you've ever worn
before
as a result Tommy John's men's and
women's underwear support and no wedgie
guarantee comfortable stay put waist
bands a range of fabrics that are
luxuriously soft feather-light moisture
wicking breathable designed to move with
you not against you which means no
bunching no riding up the wedgie
guarantee would have been very helpful
to me in high school
Tommy Tron is so confident in their
underwear that if you don't love your
first pair you can get a full refund but
the best pair you'll ever wear or it's
free guarantee this includes the new
life changing women's underwear they
sold those things out in just six weeks
but now it's fully back in stock so go
check it out Tommy John comm / Shapiro
for 20% off your first order that's
Tommy John comm / Shapiro for 20% off
your first order again Tommy John comm /
Shapiro they make the best underwear in
the country go check them out right now
Tommy John comm / Shapiro ok so what
have these congressional elections
actually work there's this misnomer that
all politics is local
when it comes to congressional elections
it's all about the local election I have
a question for you
how many of you actually know who your
Congress person is I would wager that
vary there they're outside most people
who vote in elections probably don't
even know who their Congress person is
or if they do know they don't know much
about them people use mental shortcuts
to determine for whom they're going to
vote they use the R or the D a lot more
than they use the name of the candidate
in their particular district which is
why
it is very indicative of whether a
district will go in one direction or
another what the constituency of that
district is when are +10 district it
almost doesn't matter who the candidate
is the Republicans should win unless
what you are seeing is a wave against
Republicans this means that all
elections are national okay one of the
great lies that we've been told about
politics is that all politics is local
because of the prevalence of media
because most people who are engaged in
politics are reading newspapers or
listening to shows like this one or
watching Fox News or CNN all elections
are basically nationalized at this point
which is why Republicans swept through
in 2020 in 2010 on a national platform
write national tea party platform and
it's why right now Republicans who are
running locally in the hopes that they
can avoid the stigma of Trump they have
a problem it's why Trump is a problem
for them Trump is a drag on a lot of
these Republican congressional tickets
he is not a boost to them because he is
the national issue now the Republicans
do have national issues they can
campaign on it's the same national issue
they campaigned on in the Georgia sixth
District and that is Nancy Pelosi should
never be Speaker of the House Nancy
Pelosi is a full-on wild left disaster
the idea that she should be running
policy from the House of Representatives
is frightening and should be frightening
to a lot of folks why Republicans are
not running nationally the real answer
is because they feel like if they were
on nationally they're gonna get hit with
the Trump and president Trump is such a
volatile quantity that if you if you
cross president Trump there's a good
shot he'll going on Twitter and then
he'll knock you off with your own base
and the president really wants to
maintain Congress well it'd be helpful
in the next 90 days is for the president
not to be particularly loud not to be
particularly vocal and for Republicans
to campaign against Democrats as I said
yesterday if you want to win elections
