students take to the airwaves to push
Trump on gun control Fergie does the
worst version of the national anthem
ever and I saw Black Panther and I have
thoughts I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro Theo
so many things going on fer gie li CI
OMG WTF was that no one knows we will
play Fergie's worst national anthem of
all time Roseanne bark and finally
emerge with I think after years of being
shuttled off to safe spaces to prevent
her being hit with Rotten Tomatoes
Fergie has now taken over that role
we'll discuss that we will also
obviously get to more serious business
with regard to the Trump Russia probe
we'll get to more serious business with
regard to the to the shooting in
parkland but before we get to any of
those things first we have to say thank
you to our sponsors over at stamps.com
so stamps.com is the easiest way to
access all the amazing services of the
post office so you love what the post
office does for you I mean they provide
you good prices and they make sure that
your mail gets there when it's supposed
to get there but you don't want to go to
them wait in line at the post office
well stamps calm makes you never have to
do that again you create your stamps
calm accounts in minutes online with no
equipment to lease no long-term
commitments you click print mail and you
are done it is convenient it is easy and
it is reliable you have the scale right
there at your desk you can weigh the
mail so you're never paying for too much
postage and then you print out the
stamps right there on a piece of paper
tape them to the to the envelope or
print them directly on the envelope or
onto a sticker and you are ready to go
it brings again all of those amazing
services at the US Postal Service right
to your fingertips you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of mail and they make
it easy by sending you a digital scale
that automatically calculates exact
postage they'll even help you decide the
best class of mail based on your knees
so over here at the daily where we use
stamps calm all the time in order to
save time and energy right now you can
enjoy the stamps comm service with a
special offer from us that includes a
four week trial plus postage and a
digital scale so what you do is you go
to stamps calm there's a microphone at
the top of the homepage and you type in
Shapiro that promo code Shapiro stamps
comm enter Shapiro after you click on
that microphone at the top of the
homepage and you get a four week trial
plus postage and the digital scale just
a pretty generous offer from stamps comm
to get you started you will enjoy it and
it will save you lots of time and it
will save you lots of money as well so
stamps calm again
promo code ship here and let them know
that we say you okay so we begin with
continuing fallout from the situation in
parkland Florida obviously there's a
horrific awful evil event that occurred
last week in parkland and that's what
Tom
the news over the weekend President
Trump is apparently now considering
whether he is going to push some gun
control measures one of the reasons he's
doing that is because the media have
launched an all-out emotional assault on
gun control
here is what CNN Fox News MSNBC been
doing they've been covering all of the
students from Parkland they're high
school students and they're speaking out
about gun control so here are some of
the students announcing national
demonstrations on gun control today I'd
like to announce that we have an event
coming up to have everybody in the
nation talking about what we're talking
about and one of the things we've been
hearing is that it's not the time yet to
talk about gun control and we respect
that we've lost 17 lives and our
community took 17 bullets to the heart
and it's difficult to come back from
that so here's the time that we're going
to talk about gun control March 24th we
have the March for our lives
which you can find at March for our
lives calm and expect to see us a lot
the March for our lives is going to be
in all every major city and we are
organizing it so students everywhere can
beg for our lives because at the end of
the day this isn't about the red and
blue the GOP and the Democrats this is
about adults and kids now Who am I are
you gonna beg for your life back Trump
for your life as though Trump could just
flip a switch and suddenly these
shootings would not happen anymore it's
that there's significant disagreement
about the method that should be used in
order to militate against these
shootings and they're they're
significant and real disagreements on
this right I've suggested there ought to
be wildly up security standards at all
of these schools there ought to be armed
guards at virtually every door that you
might consider at some of these schools
actually putting into place some some
doors that that can actually close
across the campus and lock like they
have in hospitals in many hospitals they
have lockdown procedures where somebody
in active shooters in the hospital and
so you actually lock off certain parts
of the hospital from other parts of the
hospital so that the shooter can't just
walk through the halls with impunity and
there's a lot of disagreement about this
Democrats won of course bans on all
sorts of weapons including the ar-15
which is the most popular rifle in the
United States but this idea that it's
all about begging that it's all about if
we just cared enough that all of this
would be be fine we just agree on
everything that of course is not true in
the slightest this of course however is
what what the left is suggesting so the
same student Cameron kasky he says
you're either with us or against us
which is pretty wild language
we are all with you no one wants to see
kids get shot you're either with us or
against us we are losing our lives while
the adults are playing around and we
have received endless support from your
generation and we thank everybody for
that immensely because we really
appreciate it we don't need you on March
24th you are going to be seeing students
in every single major city marching and
we have our lives on the line here and
at the end of the day that is going to
be what's bringing us to victory and to
making some sort of right out of this
tragedy I mean what what does victory
look like what does victory look like
that's the real big question okay if
victory is no more shootings than we all
agree on the definition of victory if
victory is a piece of gun control
legislation that may or may not actually
help then we don't agree on what victory
for the country looks like and you can
see that some of these students
obviously they're very politically
motivated that's okay I mean they're
allowed to have their political
motivations my problem here is the same
problem that I have with the country as
a whole the country as a whole takes
being on camera as some sort of
imprimatur of of knowledge some sort of
improvement or of expertise and that's
really silly
so LeBron James speaks about politics
that's his right he's allowed to do it
some of the stuff he says I think is not
completely wrong but why would we treat
as a country his version of politics
with more credibility than people who
have studied the issues and studied the
personalities for a long time I don't
and I don't think other people should
why would we take a bunch of high school
juniors and say that these are experts
on gun policy now they're not experts on
gun policy simply because their school
is targeted these are people who have
experienced significant pain and
obviously we all stand with them in and
more and with them in that pain they
have it to a far greater degree I'm sure
than anybody who's who's far away but
that does not mean that what they are
saying on politics has any more
legitimacy or that it has any more
expertise to back it and yet there's a
reason the media does this right after
after the Boston Marathon attacks
did you see victims of the Boston
Marathon attacks on TV every day
stumping for a travel ban on Muslims of
course he didn't after the Orlando
shootings did you see victims of the
Orlando students who are not left-wing
going around and saying what we need
here is a restriction on the number of
Muslim immigrants from countries we can
vet of course you didn't write the media
go out of their way to put people on
camera who are sympathetic this goes all
the way back to the Sandy Hook shooting
when Piers Morgan was attempting to do
this routine and I and I
called him on and on air it's highly
irritating to me and it's intellectually
dishonest but there's a reason that all
these kids are being put on TV and to
put pressure to the idea by the way that
a child shall lead them when it comes to
politics is silly and then the idea that
the children are our experts on policy
because they have greater innocence no
that means that they don't know enough
there's a reason that you don't let
seventeen year olds to find tax policy
and you shouldn't let seventeen year
olds to find gun policy either depending
on whether they've actually studied the
issue in any significant way but again
the media have a real interest in
trotting out these kids here's another
student talking about how Trump sickens
sickens the student president Trump you
control the House of Representatives you
control the Senate and you control the
exam he doesn't you haven't taken a
single bill for mental health care or
gun control and passed it and that's
pathetic we've seen a government
shutdown we've seen tax reform but
nothing to save our children's lives are
you kidding me you think now is the time
to focus on the past and not the future
to prevent the death of thousands of
other children you sicken me
Trump sickens him okay well again Trump
does not control the house he does not
control the Senate I mean basic civics
education would be useful here these are
independent branches of government and
they have to propose and pass
legislation
Democrats would filibuster presumably a
lot of legislation Republicans would
propose and Republicans are not gonna
propose legislation that their base
doesn't want and that their voters don't
want this is how a republic works again
the reason the media are going back to
the well here is because they're
attempting to create an impetus for
action that there is no political
impetus for right now this is aimed at
the public it's not really aimed at
Trump or even the legislators it's aimed
at the general public the suggestion
being that if you disagree with these
students and if you don't feel their
pain in the same way that they do and by
feel their pain we mean agree with them
then that means that you are obviously
an uncaring individual there's another
student doing this routine yesterday not
because we are going to be another
statistic about mass shootings in
America but because as just as David
said we are going to be the last mass
shooting
okay but here's the reality that's
probably not true and none of the gun
control man I mean it's an unfortunate
reality but none of the gun control
measures that are currently being
proposed by the Democrats would have
stopped what happened in parkland I've
yet to hear a concrete proposal you
heard one I haven't heard any concrete
proposal none right this piece of crap
who shot up the school had smoke
grenades on him we still don't know how
he got the smoke grenades do you think
would have been a bit had been
impossible for him to go through and
shoot all these students with a handgun
that's right that's what the student at
Virginia Tech use used a handgun in that
shooting so blaming me the ar-15 is is
not going to stop these these mass
shootings again all of this is about
generating emotional appeal not about
making a logical appeal but the real
goal here is to is to get politicians in
front of these kids so these people can
great the the politician so Marco Rubio
is falling for this he's gonna go talk
to the victims on camera in front of CNN
it's not our job to tell you senator
Rubio how to protect us the fact that we
even have to do this is appalling our
job is to go to school learn and not
take a bullet you need to figure this
out that's why you were unfortunately
elected your job is to protect us and
our blood is on your hands
okay our blood again our blood is on
your hands I mean only if you think that
the government has gotten can prevent
every single thing or unless you get a
piece of legislation that is backed by
evidence and can suggest that there will
be no more mass shootings if you pass
this piece of legislation and then then
we can actually have a conversation but
here's the truth we know why this
shooting took place we know what failed
here we know what went wrong here and
I'll explain to you in a second what
exactly that was and it was not lack of
gun control I'll explain that in one
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at Indo chinos so
there is nothing that makes a guy look
better than wearing a tailored suit
dudes look better in Taylor toot it's
why James Bond is always wearing a
tailored suit it's why you should be
wearing a tailored suit and I don't just
mean something you got off the rack and
then went to the tailor to fix up I mean
something that is made from scratch and
that's where endo Chino comes in they're
the world's largest made-to-measure
menswear company they've been featured
in major publications including GQ
Forbes and fast company they make shoots
suits shirts made your exact
measurements for a great fit guys love
the wide selection of high quality
fabrics and the option to personalize
all the details including your Ella Pell
lining in monogrammed I have an endowed
Chino suit it is spectacular two
three-piece suit the best and I went in
one of the indogene Oh showrooms and
they asked me all the available changes
that I wanted to make how I wanted the
stitching done it's really really cool
here's how it works you can either visit
a showroom or shop online in Indo Chino
calm you pick your fabric you choose
your customizations you submit your
measurements and then you wait for your
custom suit to arrive in just a few
weeks and this week my listeners can get
any premium Indo chinos who for just 379
bucks at Indo Chino comm when entering
Shapiro at checkout again that's Indo
Chino calm you answer Shapiro checkout
and the price of that suit drops to
three hundred and seventy nine bucks
that is 50% off the regular price from
made-to-measure
premium suit and shipping is free so
Indo Chino comm promote repeal for any
premium suit just three hundred $79 in
free shipping it's an incredible deal
for a suit that's gonna fit you better
than anything off the rack ever could
they just ask you for your measurements
and they send it directly to you in the
mail and it is the best fit that you
will have in a suit again Indo Chino
calm and use promo code Shapiro check
out a suit made for you and made to
measure pretty fantastic and again
cheaper than a lot of the suits you get
off the rack for just 379 bucks right
now when you enter Shapiro at check out
Indo Chino calm and the answers promo
code Shapiro I check out okay so what
exactly went wrong in parkland we know
what went wrong at Parkland have the
left insists that the government must
have total control over guns in order to
stop mass shootings like what happened
at Parkland but we found out that the
government won't do that okay we found
out the FBI knew full well about the
shooter in the parkland Florida School
massacre and did nothing two times to
first they were informed in September
the YouTube user with the shooters real
name said quote I'm going to be a
professional school shooter I'm not sure
what you need more than that to go and
check it out the FBI didn't mean for it
to the field office didn't bother to
share the information with local
authorities now The Wall Street Journal
reports that in January a caller told
the FBI specifically about the shooters
quote gun ownership desire to kill
people
erratic behavior and disturbing social
media posts as well as the potential of
him conducting a school shooting what
happened nothing it was ignored it was
not even forwarded to the field office
so when we talk about the government is
is big enough to save us the
government's big enough to protect us
there are thousands and thousands of
people in this country right now who
have felons who have guns and the
government knows about them and is doing
nothing there are thousands of people
who are in the mental health roles and
they have guns and the government is
doing nothing about them and you're
telling me that a mass gun confiscation
is the way that you're gonna take care
of this or even forgive him a march in
the street that somehow this is going to
accomplish the end of this one of the
ways that we could actually militate
against this there are two ways that I
would propose
maybe three that would that would
actually mill I can actually name I
think maybe four things that we could do
then militate against all of this so
first thing that we could do is the
media should stop naming shooters and
providing glory to the shooters when we
do this stuff all we ends up doing is
promoting this
these are copycat crimes the huge number
of the school shooters our fans of
Columbine have downloaded information
about Columbine become obsessed with
school shootings and want to imitate it
so you get their name in the papers the
media should have an agreement all the
way through and we're gonna start
implementing this is daily wire now I do
it on my show then we're not going to
name the shooter that is something that
I think everyone should work on in the
media that's something that we can do
first ten second thing we should have
massive security the schools this
idiotic notion that there is a school to
Prison Pipeline is not backed by data
that if you have a bunch of armed guards
in the schools then kids are being
arrested for silly crimes and then being
sent to prison it's just not true the
data do not support that we had a whole
article by Hank Berrien over at the
Daily wire about this you can go and
check that out it is not the case the
other things that we can do the mental
health screenings that are already
taking place there need to be more
transparency all this information needs
to be transmitted to local authorities
it all needs to be put in the databases
people need to be fired or lose their
jobs or lose their careers if they do
not enter information that is relevant
and then something terrible happens
because I promise you for every school
shooting that happens like this were the
FBI missed it there are a hundred other
instances where the FBI missed it but
there was no school shooting if this
happened once this happened a hundred
