the memo is out and we are going to go
through it as it comes out more it's
coming out piece by piece but well we'll
do what we can
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
[Music]
yes one of the dangers of doing a live
show is that news breaks right as you
are doing the show so the full memo is
not yet out we have only seen summaries
of a memo which is itself a summary of
intelligence documents so we'll bring
you all of the information as it breaks
but we have some interesting interesting
news about the memo and it's not exactly
a nothing burger there's a lot of talk
about how it was going to be a giant
disappointment gave what by over in New
York at the Washington Examiner says
it's true if what Fox News is reporting
is true if the memo itself is reflective
of truth then the FBI has some answers
that it needs to be giving we will talk
about all of that in just one second
first I want to say thank you to our
friends over at Dollar Shave Club so
while you were waiting for this show to
start you grew a beard because we were a
little bit late well that means that you
need my friends over at Dollar Shave
Club to help you out
you've heard me talk about the amazing
products at Dollar Shave Club they don't
just have their magical razors they also
have their dr. Carver's shea butter and
right now they have everything else
right body cleanser hair gel and yes
even the fabled butt wipes they have you
covered head to toe now it's a great
time to give Dollar Shave Club a try you
get your first month of their best razor
along with travel sized version of
shaved butter body cleanser and yes even
the magical but webs for just $5 after
that replacement cartridges ship for
just a few dollars a month this is the
DSC starter set so get yours right now
five bucks exclusively at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash been use that
slash pen so they know that we sent you
and all of their products are fantastic
you will feel cleaner you will smell
better people will love you more you'll
have a happier life dollarshaveclub.com
slash been using that slash been against
and know that you sent you and also so
you get that special deal for their
travel kit for five bucks and then
replacement cartridges after that for
just a few dollars a month all right so
we do not have the entire memo the
entire memo is about to be released but
we don't actually have the entire text
of the memo if it comes out during the
show then I will just read the entire
memo to you verbatim because not that
long it's about four pages long so here
is what we know according to Fox News
the memo suggests that the FBI when it
first gathered a FISA warrant on on
Carter page Carter page was a from a
foreign policy adviser and he was
supposedly colluding with the Russians
right this was the supposition of the
FBI this is why they went and got a FISA
Warren
an American citizen who was a member of
the Trump campaign the question is what
was that warrant based on when he
submitted applications and FISA courts
you have to say here's why we have
probable cause to believe that we need a
wiretap on this guy so what did they use
for that well according to the according
to the memo the only thing that they
used and the central component that they
used was the steel dossier the steel
dossier was a piece of bad research
compiled by a spy named Christopher
Steele who went over to Russia and
talked to probably some paid Russian
folks and it was done on behalf of
fusion GPS using GPS and Apple research
firm originally fusion GPS and was hired
by the Washington free beacon to do
Apple research on Trump they cut out of
that project but then fusion gps shopped
around that Intel and Hillary Clinton
decided that she was going to fund the
Oppo research file so she funded the
fusion GPS dossier which was based on
research from Christopher Steele who was
getting information from the Russians
that information was then funneled to
the FBI and the FBI based on that
unverified dossier based on their a
piece of information that were unwilling
to verify went to the FISA courts now
why is that a big deal it's a big deal
for a couple of reasons it's a big deal
for a couple of reasons number one the
Fox News is called Fox News is quoting
from the memo they're the only people
have access is Washington Examiner and
Fox News at this point according to Fox
News
Christopher Steele look I could compiled
the memo the original dossier that the
warrant was based on admitted his
feelings against then-candidate Trump in
September of 2016 when he said that
Steele was quote desperate that
president from not get elected and was
passionate about him not being president
but that's not the only thing that's in
the memo according to to the Washington
Examiner calling Byron New York at the
Washington Examiner the steel dossier
formed an essential part of the initial
in all three renewal FISA applications
against Kyra page here is the key point
Andrew McCabe the deputy FBI director
who just resigned confirmed that no FISA
warrant would have been sought from the
FISA Court without the Steele dossier
information in other words they used as
the centerpiece of getting a warrant on
an American citizen who was part of the
Trump campaign and Oppo research hit
from Hillary Clinton that was non
verified what's even worse the political
origins of the steel dossier were known
to senior DOJ and FBI officials but
excluded from FISA applications so by
omission they lied to the court
they went to the FISA Court and they
said we have information that all this
stuff is happening with regard to Carter
page but they didn't say we got this
from a fusion GPS dossier compiled by
Hillary Clinton because then the court
might have said well have you checked
any of this then the court might have
thought well have you checked into this
and this raises some serious questions
by the way about the operations of FISA
courts if they're not actually doing the
research and asking the FBI to verify
that the information they're being
provided is actually true if they're
just putting things like the Russian P
tape remember the dossier was filled
with a bunch of bad information like the
idea that Trump had gone to Moscow and
then hired a hotel he tried to get the
room that Barack Obama Michelle Obama
had stayed and then hired Russian
prostitutes to pee on the bed you recall
this it was most of the stuff was
nonsense and nearly none of it has been
verified if they were using that
unverified information to get a FISA
wards and the FISA Court went along with
that without asking any other questions
that had some broader questions about
how far the courts are actually putting
out the warrants apparently DOJ official
Bruce or met with Steele beginning in
the summer of 2016 and that's when
Steele told him that he wanted Trump not
to be President the FBI and Justice
Department is all according to
Washington Examiner bomber New York the
FBI and Justice Department mounted a
month-long effort to keep the
information outlined in the memo out of
the house intelligence committees hands
only the threat of contempt charges and
other forms of pressure forced the FBI
and Justice to give up the material once
Intelligence Committee leaders and staff
compiled some of that information into
the memo the FBI and Justice Department
supported by Capitol Hill Democrats
mounted a ferocious campaign of
opposition saying release of the memo
would endanger national security in the
rule of law now if what these excerpts
show is what's really the main point of
the memo I don't know how that
endangered national security or the rule
of law that looks like that was a cover
if that's the case by the FBI and by
Democrats because they didn't want the
information getting out there
Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin
Union was determined to make the
information available to the public and
President Trump of course cleared it
just today and sent it over to the house
now I'm rapidly updating my Twitter to
see if there they're actually releasing
the full text at this point they've only
released excerpts so far so we have not
actually seen the the full thing we're
also going to find out whether there is
whether there's a democratic response to
the memo right we're going to find out
what the Democratic response had to say
because they're of course saying that
all of this is taken out of context I
would like to hear how this is taken out
of context or how this was gotten wrong
so again Fox News Washington Examiner
are basically accusing the FBI of the
same thing and accusing the DOJ of the
same thing and that is essentially
colluding with the Hillary Clinton
campaign who in essence were working
with a source who's relying on the
Russians for information about Donald
Trump and then they were taking that
information to open a FISA warrant on
Carter page so if this is the
centerpiece what does that mean what
does that mean well it could mean one of
two things it could mean that the entire
Trump Russia collusion thing was based
on a lie put out by the Hillary Clinton
campaign or bad info put out by the
Hillary Clinton campaign and therefore
fruit of the poisonous tree the entire
Russian collusion scandal was a bunch of
nonsense from the very beginning and
that this entire investigation has been
a sham and a fraud perpetrated at the
highest levels of the American
government by the Obama administration
the Hillary Clinton campaign the DOJ and
the FBI right that is observation number
one or it could be that after the FISA
warrant was actually gotten on Carter
page it turns out there was other
information that came up and that other
information lent credibility to the idea
that there was some sort of collusion
going on like for example the Donald
Trump jr. meeting in Trump Tower with a
Russian lawyer the letters between
Donald Trump jr. the emails between
Donald Trump jr. and a Russian PR guy
saying that the Russian government was
trying to help out Donald Trump jr. it
does cast a new light on a lot of this
idiot it makes some of the conspiracy
theories about meetings like that a
little bit more I would say easy to
swallow and one of the conspiracy
theories of that fusion GPS which was
working with the Russian lawyers who
were who were meeting with Donald Trump
jr. that fusion GPS set this up as sort
of a sting operation I always thought
that was a bit exaggerated didn't maybe
it's not exaggerated as much as I
thought so all of this could be an
excuse for Donald Trump's start firing
people it is quite possible that Donald
Trump just starts firing people that he
ends the Muller investigation on the
back of this and that the the President
of the United States litt says listen
this whole thing was tainted from the
very beginning noting that the
investigation comes up with can be true
because originally this is based on bad
information from Hillary we don't know
the extent to which the DOJ and the FBI
were colluding with the Hillary Clinton
campaign to get Donald Trump during the
campaign and in their form in a fire
everybody I think that it's gonna take a
few more steps to get there so Paul Ryan
was
yesterday he of course has seen the memo
already had been circulated in the house
he says that the memo is filled with
some bad stuff but that doesn't mean the
mother should be fired or abused then
that needs to come to light so that that
doesn't happen again
what this is not is an indictment on our
institutions of our justice system this
memo is not indictment of the FBI of the
Department of Justice it does not impugn
the Moller investigation or the Deputy
Attorney General what it is is the
Congress's legitimate function of
oversight to make sure that the FISA
process is being used correctly and that
if it wasn't being used correctly that
needs to come to light and people need
to be held accountable so that we do not
have problems in the again because this
does infect our civil liberties okay so
does Trump now fire everyone this
permanent fire everyone that's the big
question that's going to be asked next
and we will get to that in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at legacy box so you're
it's coming up on Valentine's Day you
know Mother's Day and Father's Day are
coming up relatively soon actually and
now it's time for you to start getting
gifts for family members one of the best
gets you can get for a family member is
ensuring that all of your photos videos
old films all of that is available to
watch and access at anytime and that's
what legacy box is for right now you can
look at all of your photos and your
videos on your phone but if you have
anything old you have stuff in the
garage she's been sitting there
moldering for years well now you can
have legacy box legacy watches you go
all that stuff you put it in a box you
send it to our folks at legacy box comm
and they take all of those outdated
formats camcorder VHS tapes super 8 film
old photos and they convert them into
perfectly preserved digital files so
again you load it up with all your old
tapes films pictures they have stickers
they put on each piece so you can trace
where it is in the process and we've
used it in the Shapiro household it's
just fantastic it saves you lots of time
it actually saves you money because you
don't have to schlep that stuff to to
some conversion facility over 350,000
families have trusted legacy box to
preserve countless irreplaceable
memories make 2018 the year that you
preserve those memories you have it
available on thumb drive or DVD so you
can always take a look at it for a
limited time right now you can say 40%
at legacy box comm 40% at legacy box
comm slash Ben get started right now for
45 bucks
right
now at Legacy voxcom / Ben that's their
cheapest package legacy box comm / Ben
again this is just a wonderful wonderful
service I think that there's there's not
much that you can do that's going to be
better for the better for your family
then than this I think that if you if
you do this service it's gonna make your
life better and your family's life
better I think preserving these memories
is really crucial so legacy box comm
select Ben for 40% off and their
packages start at just $45 okay so so
president Trump in responding to the
release of the memo and and here is what
he had to say the memo was sent to
Congress it was Declassified Congress
will do whatever they're going to do but
I think it's a disgrace what's happening
in our country and when you look at that
and you see that and some of the other
things what's going on a lot of people
should be ashamed of themselves and much
worse than that so I sent it over to
Congress and they will do what they are
going to do whatever they do is find it
was Declassified and let's see what
happens but a lot of people should be
ashamed thank you very much okay so you
know the president was also asked about
what should happen to the should happen
to rod Rosenstein who's the Deputy
Attorney General who was working in the
in in the in the DOJ at the time that
all this happened and and he said that
he had no answers on that that he was
not going to talk about what would
happen in rod Rosenstein so the real
question here is now does Trump start
firing everybody saying the entire thing
was a ruse from the beginning now as I
say it there now we're down to two
possibilities right we're down to two
possibilities one is if the memo is
accurate and if it is not exaggerated if
it's not taken out of context if it's
not lying we haven't seen any of the
underlying applications or materials
which Trump could declassify but has not
if let's say that that was the
centerpiece of Trump Russia collusion
that's all they had was this FISA
warrant on Carter page and this Russian
dossier that in essence all this is
gonna come down to is the dossier then I
think Trump has an excuse to say listen
we're done here okay there's nothing
happening here there's nothing for me to
obstruct I've been saying all along I'm
innocent and for me to just go to James
Comey and say why don't you say I'm
innocent James Comey wouldn't do it and
so I fired him that's not obstruction of
justice because I'm innocent there's
nothing for me to obstruct I'm not
destroying documents I'm not going out
of my way to shut down an investigation
there literally is nothing here and this
memo shows there's nothing here
question that that's possibility number
one possibility number two is a little
bit different and that is as I've said
there's other information that there's
other information that suggests that the
Trump Russia collusion thing is real
right again that that Donald Trump jr.
meeting at the at the Trump Tower or
maybe there's information that we
haven't heard about yet so we'll find
out in short order because the Democrats
I'm sure will respond to this the FBI
will start leaking materials and we'll
find out whether Devin Nunez memo is
just partisan hackery on behalf of the
Trump administration in order to shut
down the Malheur investigation or
whether it is something else entirely
okay but but bottom line is here's what
it looks like Barack Obama's DOJ spied
on his political opponent that's that's
really what it looks like here now Chuck
Todd is complaining because so far we've
only seen excerpts and those excerpts
have been leaked to from the media
outlets like the Washington Examiner and
Fox News I'm desperately trying to load
the memo right now and it's crashed the
House website because our government
sucks at everything so they can't even
put up a damn memo so we can actually
read the memo but when people run around
this weekend with their hair on fire I
think there's a reason for people to run
around again this opens up a whole can
of worms why did the FBI and DOJ try to
hide this from Congress number one they
were subpoenaed in order to get this
material why did they hide it from
Congress number two why were Democrats
trying to shut down the memo what
exactly I assume they'll come out today
and talk about which parts of this were
out of context but we haven't heard
exactly what was out of context yet if
nothing was out of context this is
really bad number three and what other
information if any was use to get that
five more on time Carter page I said
they're just a bunch of questions that
are unanswered here and the reason that
I'm hesitating is because I really don't
want to I really don't want to say
anything out of line about what exactly
has happened so here here it is okay so
finally we are now we are now getting
this to load it's really hard to do this
in real time when the when the house
website is down we're trying to load
desperately the actual memo so I can
read the text of it to you okay so here
it is purpose this memorandum provides
members an update on significant facts
relating to the committee's ongoing
investigation into the Department of
Justice and Federal Bureau of
