we're trying to strengthen the way we
view the world and and take in as much
information as we can and see that
information for what it truly is not
what we want it to be well here we are
on the Sunday special with Joe Rogan
we're going to jump into the interview
in just a moment because this is awesome
but first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at movement so movement
they make these kinds of watches right
it's nice go by one movement is come far
from being crowdfunding kids working out
of a living room in the past year
they've not only introduced a bunch of
new watch collections for both men and
women but they've also expanded
sunglasses and bracelets for her
movement watches start at just 95 bucks
in a department store these are like
four or five hundred dollars movement
figured out by selling online they could
actually cut out the middleman retail
markup providing the best possible price
classic design quality construction
style minimalism get 15% off today with
free shipping and free returns just go
to MVM t.com slash shapiro see why the
movement keeps growing check out their
expanding collection get into MVM
t-dot-com slash apparel join the
movement and again look at it's nice
right I mean like you could use one as
well okay so here we are on the Sunday
special with Joe Rogan the granddaddy of
us all on the podcast space I mean this
dude made the podcast space the podcast
space and he's awesome also so thanks so
much for Sodom I think I did then I
think Adam Carolla did it well I'll have
to have you guys fight it out too so
I'll have to have to buddy but there's
no question that right now your
dominance in the space and it's an
amazing thing because you're really
gifted guy but you can you can sit there
for three hours with somebody and talk
about the most random topic and make it
really interesting so I need the
backstory so all of my listeners and and
people who are fans of mine might not
know your work as well might not know
kind of your story so how did you get to
be doing what you're doing right now
like give it give us the whole history
well with the podcasting it just started
out doing a video thing with just
Ustream we're just doing Q&A like people
would tweet questions we'd ask answer
questions just for fun I did it once and
I actually did it a couple of times
backstage in between shows years before
that there's a thing called Justin TV
which I'm not sure what that is now
became a new company but we would just
show backstage we'd have like a webcam
go
and would just play around and talk to
people and have fun and then we did the
one Q&A and I said alright I'm gonna do
it again next week we'll try to do it
regularly so I did it again the next
Monday and then it became a weekly thing
that we started uploading it to iTunes
and then we started getting guests and
then I said okay I gotta get out of my
house and do all these weirdos were
coming over my house like I'll just get
a studio somewhere so I got a studio and
then after the studio mic well the
studio is kind of little let's get a
bigger studio so then I got a bigger
studio and then now it's somehow or
another it's a business you've got a
monster studio you were telling me about
now that's just awesome it's and that's
pretty crazy indoor archery range and a
full gym and it's it's pretty nuts I've
totally gone wrong with this this studio
there's no question about it so what got
you all the way to the the podcasting I
mean like start from beginning from
childhood from birth like what what's
your whole back story well from high
school until I was 21 I was competing in
martial arts tournaments that was my
background I was a Taekwondo instructor
I taught at Boston University I competed
in all these different national
tournaments I traveled all around the
country most of my formative years were
spent traveling around the country
fighting in martial arts tournaments
that was basically all I did with my
entire day like I was obsessed from the
time I was 15 till I was 21 when I was
21 I started doing stand-up comedy and I
went frameshift
yeah well you know I was I was realizing
that fighting was really bad for your
brain I was getting a lot of headaches
and there's a lot of sparring like I was
getting into kickboxing I have three
kickboxing fights and and I was
realizing that this this is going to
definitely have a negative effect on my
consciousness there was no way around it
and the quality of my thoughts and the
way I think about things was always it's
one of the most important things to
guide you through life and I'm like I am
putting my my future brain in jeopardy
and I was seeing it around me from a
bunch of other people that were in the
gym that were professional fighters and
that were getting brain damage I was
essentially seeing them starting to slur
their words and I was seeing I was
seeing this effect and
I knew I had to get out somehow or
another and luckily one of my friends
who my friend Steve Graham I'm good
friends with to this day talked me into
doing stand-up comedy talked me into
going up in an open mic night when I was
21 it's amazing and you've been doing
that ever since when you're still doing
shows today right now yeah so you've got
the special it's on Netflix which is
awesome yeah I have one special son
that's well two of them that are on
Netflix now but then a new one that I
just filmed that'll be on Netflix in
September which is really so I want to
ask you actually a little bit about the
MMA stuff cuz you're still you still
cover MMA you're so big and em and they
obviously a big analyst over there what
do you do you think that there is I've
been wearing about this about the NFL
and I wonder if it also applies to MMA
do you think that there is always going
to be MMA there's always going to be NFL
boxing do you think these things are
always going to exist or do you think
that as a society we're gonna transition
away from those as people start to
become more concerned about brain injury
for example I've seen the NFL's ratings
declined because people seem to be
really worried about concussion levels
yeah I think in the recent future we're
going to have these things but I think
in the distant future were probably not
going to I think we're gonna move away
from them because of the damage that
they do because we're gonna understand
unless there's some radical new medical
technology that can regenerate brain
tissue to the point where you don't have
to worry about brain injuries which is
not outside the realm of possibility you
know I mean medical science what they're
doing with stem cells and exosomes and
all the different therapies that they're
using on people today who knows I mean
who knows what they're going to be able
to do fifty years from now but I think
it's entirely likely that until until
then until some radical new technology
comes on I think it's probably going to
be less in the last people that are
interested in having their kids sign up
to play football you're seeing that now
definitely have less and less people
interested in fighting since traumatic
brain injuries have been revealed to be
you know really prevalent in kids that
are involved in like football even at
like Pop Warner and high school levels
and in fighting I mean just from the
time a kid can hit hard you know like
you're in you know like one of the good
things about martial arts teaching kids
young is we teach them young they can't
really hurt each other yet so even when
they're hitting each other it's all very
light and they're
technique and movement before there's
real consequences and then as they get
older though now if you're sparring when
you're a teenager and you're sparring
when you're you know in your early 20s
you're absolutely giving yourself brain
damage it's just part of the package
that you have to just be able to figure
out okay when advice when have I
suffered enough when when am I getting
out and that is the big question for a
lot of fighters when do I jump off this
ride because it's so exciting
and what they're doing is such a
incredibly thrilling and glory filled
event you know when you're competing
against another person they lock you in
a cage and the way I describe fighting I
mean a lot of people like to think of it
as a barbaric thing I call it high-level
problem solving with dire physical
consciousness and that's really the best
way to describe it because you're trying
to do something to someone who's trying
to do something to you and genetics and
knowledge and technique and discipline
and drive and focus these are all
factors that are mixed up in this thing
and you're trying to figure out who's
gonna come out on top I mean I wonder if
maybe that's the reason that MMA is
gonna keep growing as the NFL declines
in honesty and marketing when you watch
MMA you're getting we're watching people
get the crap right watching people bleed
and your bones get broken
the NFL's been promising for years that
basically everyone's fine that it's all
just watching people hit pillows and
then you see them later and they can't
walk and they're falling apart and I
mean I do wonder if there is a certain
element of channeling just the human
driver to the male drive for aggression
in watching these kinds of sports
because I know a lot of genteel dudes
who love MMA specifically because
there's part of just the human psyche
that needs to watch people get their ass
kicked
yeah it's genetic it's it's definitely
in our corman it's what led people to
overcome being invaded by by you know
foreign villages that snuck in it in the
middle of the night yet to be able to
fight with your hand it will fall over
mates how people fought over territory
and property it's just a part of the
human experience and to to have it
boiled down into a martial art then it's
like you get all the satisfaction of
watching combat but at the end of it
people are friendly they hug you know
they shake hands they raise each other's
arms up the audience cheers and
and it's very thrilling and you know and
some could say it's actually cathartic
that it actually releases this desire
for aggression and violence yeah I think
there's a good case we made for that
especially because you do see that in
the animal kingdom you see chimpanzees
sparring with each other basically just
it for a show dominance and you
certainly see it among young boys I can
see it with my two-year-old now sure
like constantly just wants to fight the
four-year-old girl she wants to sit
there and be nice and play with her and
play with her toys and read and my
two-year-old boy wants to kick kick some
ass I mean he's hardcore and which gets
us a you know one of the topics that you
and I have talked about before which is
sort of these these gender differences
between male and female it as you've
been watching the last it's been
probably a year and a half since we last
talked what do you think of sort of the
the movement that's continued to pace to
get rid of these these gender
differences that you've been seeing in
society more broadly it's very strange
because it's science denialism
and the left is all about science until
it comes to gender and once it comes to
gender they don't want to hear about
studies they don't want to hear about
genetic differences between males and
females they don't want to hear about
preferences or or any studies that show
that people with higher testosterone
testosterone tend to go towards certain
activities people with lower ones tend
to go I don't want to hear about that
they they want this weird thing where
you're not even having the boy scouts
anymore
you just have the scouts like there's
this bizarre desire to eliminate gender
as even just even a variable so if we're
very weird and I don't I don't know why
I don't know where it's going I don't
know what's causing it I suspect it's
people that don't enjoy certain aspects
of male versus female competition or
male versus male competition and the way
that they feel like they could sort of
diminish that is to try to make the
whole subject seem like as if it's
fruitless and there's nothing there
let's leave it on there is no difference
so it's a it's a weird weird time when
it comes to a discussing gender a gender
all of a sudden which was something that
was just oh there's a boy there's a girl
I mean our whole life within the last
half a decade it's become this huge
the politically charged subject where
you what do you like I saw my my wife
was reading this thing that she had to
fill out today and she goes look at this
she goes it says what do I identify with
male or female she's not it's like state
your sex it used to be state your sex
now it's what do you identify with and
I'm like okay what percentage of the
people are we play caning with this yeah
like and it so bizarre it actually
has medical consequences so I know a lot
of doctors because it have said many
times my wife is a doctor and there are
cases now where doctors are walking into
a room and it says on the chart that
somebody is of a particular sex and
they're not of that sex because they're
writing the sex they perceived
themselves to be well it changes your
diagnosis you have a completely
different body so what you know I heard
a story about one patient who came in
and was having lower abdominal pain well
if you're a boy versus you're a girl
that's gonna make a pretty large
difference in to how that diagnosis goes
it's not at least a doctor know what sex
you're born with it's it's totally wild
and it's all this attempt to level I
think everything the attempt to just get
rid of natural differences between human
beings and pretend they don't exist like
we all want everybody to obviously have
equal rights and equal liberties but
that's not the same thing as saying that
everybody is gonna be equally strong in
a fighting ring what do you think is
causing all this I mean I I think what's
causing all of this is that there's a
deep desire right now in in a free
society to try and figure out why some
people succeed and some people fail and
we're never allowed to say that there
are natural issues at stake and in some
and I understand the resistance to based
on race right so for example you see a
lot of people who will say you can't
ever talk about racial differences in IQ
because that is going to lead to toward
this racist conclusion that your race
defines your IQ which is you know a
silly conclusion like there are racial
differences in IQ based on kind of group
statistics that has no relevance to the
particular individual standing in front
of you and so you saying this black guy
is stupid because he's black is racist
you saying there are group differences
in IQ because every study ever done is
showing group differences in IQ not even
based on racial groups necessarily based
on different groups generally between
between you know age groups there are
differences in IQ actually if you if you
show that at least from young age to to
like 12
if you mention any of these things then
you're overriding the idea
a tabula rasa human being who can be
created in whatever image you want like
what people really want is to correct
the cosmic imbalances as Thomas Olsen's
I know what do you think is behind it I
think that I think you're hitting the
nail on the head and I I think there's a
tremendous amount of white guilt
involved in it as well
I mean because basically what the IQ
tests are showing when they do study
differences in IQ and and races you're
showing the rise of the superiority of
the Asian race I mean Asians dominate
those things and everybody is so just
like well that's that's let's not talk
about that let's talk about white and
black because that's more convenient and
it's easier and they could find a victim
and they could find a perpetrator and
what you're also seeing like there's a
lot of Asian groups that are furious
because they're getting discriminated
against about getting into colleges and
universities they have higher standards
because they have such a high percentage
of Asians that are getting into the
universities and it's it's very strange
because they're not vocal about it and
they're not they're not publicizing it
and they're not screaming racism in the
streets but they're the victims of it
they actually the victims of hard work
and success and excellent genetics right
well there's no question and the
differences in culture are really the
place where we should be putting most of
our focus because when it comes to you
know natural imbalances there's only so
much that you can do right I'm not gonna
be fighting you in a ring anytime soon
said just get destroyed but the same
when it comes to cultural differences
that's the stuff that we can correct for
and instead of doing now what we tend to
do is we tend to pretend that the
cultural differences are not brought
about by immediate decision-making by
parents or by immediate communities it's
it's something out there right it's it's
racism in the ether or it's
discrimination writ large it's something
it's something out there we can't we
can't put our heads around it exactly
but something that's making us
imbalanced and so the way to fix that is
by getting rid of all imbalances that we
see and so if there's an imbalance
between men and women we'll just pretend
that that doesn't exist anymore and that
it must have been caused by something
that we can't quite control yeah it's
definitely not an objective way of
approaching the issue I think there's a
host of different factors that play into
every community right there's the the
echoes of the poor behavior of the
people that live there before you all
the consequences of other people's
actions that have affected all the
people around you
people going to jail people that have
experienced racism people that have
experienced poor treatment by law
enforcement massive distrust around you
very difficult to excel in those
environments you're constantly like
running away from gangs and headed home
I don't think we should hold those
people up to the same standards as we
should people to grow up in very safe
middle-class communities where they
don't have to worry about all this stuff
I think there's a bunch of different
factors and everybody's looking for ones
only the one factor that appeals to
their ideology yeah and that's a real
problem
it's a problem also anytime you mention
IQ everybody goes nuts yes immediately
they suggest that what you're saying is
is racist and the truth is that whatever
IQ differentials there are it's unclear
how much is explained by genetics and
how much is explained by environment but
some is clearly explained by genetics
and some is clearly explained by
environment as soon as you say that
everybody suggests that you are
operating in a racist space so it's as
you say when it comes to data like this
happened with Sam Harris when he was
being interviewed by Ezra Klein as a
reclined just went after him for
suggesting that science is science well
