we just found out three separate bomb
shells from the Broward County Sheriff's
Office and they are all good reason why
you will never want to give up your guns
to the authorities we'll explain all of
it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
if the reports that we are now reading
from CNN are true this is the most
shocking law enforcement failure in
modern American history and it is not
close I'm gonna bring you all the news
about what's going on out of Broward
County just shameful shameful horrifying
nonsense but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at movement
watches so you know how much I like my
movement watches I have two of them they
are fantastic they are top-notch they
are clean they look good they're cleanly
designed they last when my son beats the
crap out of them they work just fine the
next day they are fantastic all the way
through they've come pretty far from
being a bunch of crowdfunding kids
working out of a living room they've
introduced a ton of new watch
collections for both men and women but
they've also expanded as sunglasses in
fashion for bracelets for women as well
I've bought one of these watches from my
wife bought one for my mom they're just
fantastic movement watches are all about
looking good and keeping it simple and
they start at just $95 at a department
store for these kind of watches looking
at four to five hundred bucks movement
figured out they can cut out the
middleman
and now they can give it directly to you
and right now if you go to MVM t.com
slash shapiro you get 15% off today when
you use that slash up hero MVM t.com
slash apparel free shipping free returns
there's a reason mbm t keeps growing a
lot of my fans have movement watches now
they come up to me and they show me
their movement watches and they're all
super happy with them and the MT comm
slash apparel again it's MVM t.com slash
appear on what the slash repair you let
them know we set you and you get 15% off
your order today with free shipping and
free returns they are fantastic again I
own two of them and it looks forward
buying more of them in the future
actually movement watches sort of made
me a watch junkie so now I've been
buying watches specifically because
they're so affordable and they are so
nice go join the movement
MVM t.com slash Shapiro MVM t.com slash
apparel all right so here is the
breaking news well let me step back for
a second before I get to the breaking
news actually so you got remember a
couple of nights ago the on CNN there's
a 2-hour town hall and this town hall
special was specifically designed to
make gun owners members of the NRA
Second Amendment advocates feel as
though they were morally inferior as
though these people were somehow
responsible for the horrors of what had
happened inside that school over in
parkland Florida and all that was
nonsense of course the sheriff of
Broward County Scott Israel did this
beating of his chest and it's wailing
and gnashing of teeth blending the NRA
and the availability of ar-15s well now
we know exactly why this shooting
happened and it happened because
authorities failed on every single level
all of them it wasn't just the FBI got
two calls and did nothing it wasn't just
the Broward County Sheriff's Office
received 39 separate calls to this
piece-of-crap tome over the course of
seven years when just that now we have
even more information you ready for this
we want to talk bombshells here the
bombshells on Thursday night the
American public learned that Broward
County Sheriff's Office was told in
November then the Periclean shooter quit
quote could be a school shooter in the
making but deputies didn't bother to
write up a report that report came just
weeks after a relative called urging the
BSO the Broward County Sheriff's Office
to seize his weapon then here's the even
more shocking news we learned that an
armed school resource officers when it's
just mind-boggling an armed school
resource officer and Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School sat outside and
waited for four minutes the entire
shooting episode of six minutes the
Broward County deputy was outside heard
the shots waited outside with his gun
for four minutes and did not enter the
school can attack ended with 17 dead
people including at least a dozen dead
kids and the Broward County sheriff's
deputy whose job it was he's the arm
school officer it is his job to drush
that to brush that guy he sat outside
and he didn't do anything
he sat outside and did nothing we also
know by the way that the schools the
schools tape the school's security
mechanism was tape-delayed so whatever
they were seeing on the cameras was
twenty minutes running twenty minutes
behind this guy was sitting outside
apparently he heard the gunshots and he
did nothing even the Broward County
Sheriff himself Steve Israel
acknowledged this yesterday in a press
conference shocking stuff here is what
Israel had to say Scott Peterson was
absolutely on campus for lesson two it
through this entire event he was armed
he was in uniform but what I saw was a
deputy arrived at the west side of
building 12 take up a position and he
never went in and he never went in okay
this guy's sat outside and he did not go
in now a lot of people today on the Left
aren't doing this room because they want
to make this about the guns and not
about the fact that there was an armed
officer there who did nothing instead of
it
because they want to make it about the
availability of weapons they say well
can you blame them this guy not charging
yes I can blame him and I don't have to
be a police officer or soldier to blame
him I wasn't in that situation I also
didn't volunteer to become an employee
of the Broward County Sheriff's Office
and become an armed school officer that
is this guy's only job you had one job
and when time came you coward and it
wasn't just that okay are you ready for
this this gets even worse it's get
significantly worse this is breaking in
the last 15 minutes CNN reporting quote
when Coral Springs police officers this
different district when Coral Springs
police officers arrived at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida On February 14th in the midst of
the school shooting crisis many officers
were surprised to find not only that
Broward County sheriff's deputy Scott
Peterson the arm school resource officer
had not entered the building but that
three other Broward County sheriff's
deputies were also outside the school
and had not entered the deputies had
their pistols drawn and they were behind
their vehicles the sources said and not
one of them
had gone into the school so while this
monster was roamings classroom to
classroom with his rifle mowing down
students for deputies for armed
uniformed deputies were sitting outside
then get in there try and save the kids
then get there to try and rescue the
kids after the COS had been shot they
waited for an entirely new Police
Department to get there and go inside
there's something fishy going on here
folks there is something going on here
because that I promise you when people
sign up to be sheriff's deputies they're
not doing so thinking that they're gonna
cower behind a car they're doing so
thinking that they want to help save
people so there's something going on and
this thing Steve Israel knows the answer
and he ain't telling us Steve Israel
discounted this sheriff he knows exactly
what happened here and he is not telling
us there's a rumor online that I
hesitate to report because I don't know
that it's well substantiated this has
more to do with sheriff's policy than
anything else but we're gonna find out
because something happened here where
four deputies were sitting outside with
their guns drawn and a monster inside
massacring children and they didn't go
inside they're gonna told me that's the
NRA his fault they're gonna tell me
that's Dana lashes fault you're gonna
tell me that's my fault living in Los
Angeles and my guns in my safe you're
gonna tell me that's the fault of
$100,000,000 owners who weren't there
many of whom would have run
the shooter and tried to do something
just like what happened in the in the
Texas Church shooting where an armed
citizen took down the bad guy bad guy
who's just an armed citizens and a hell
of a lot more than any of these cops did
in Broward County this is insanity I
don't tell you something that's even
more insane here's something that's even
more insane again remember just a couple
of days ago it was this schmuck Steve
Israel who's standing on stage amidst a
bunch of the citizens from Broward
County and shouting at Dana lash and
telling aunt Dana lash that it was her
fault that all this had happened that it
was the NRA s fault that all this has
happened Virtue's signaling and
posturing about how we just need to get
guns out of the hands of bad people well
the guns were in the hands of the right
people but they didn't do a damn thing
according to CNN is the worst law
enforcement failure in modern American
history seventeen dead people because
there are cops waiting outside who
didn't go in there and here's the thing
that's amazing about this okay so I
ripped down the CNN special because I
thought that it was a an emotional setup
I think that it was it was an emotional
setup it was specifically designed to
destroy the the proponents of second
Amendment rights it was I thought this
reputable I thought it had no news value
it was just two minutes of hate it was
due to Orwell's two minutes hate here's
what makes it even worse well Israel was
doing this there were questions rakers
all this came out this morning there
were questions that came out over the
last couple days about what Israel knew
and when he knew it because now we know
he's admitting it full on that he had
two deputy there who didn't pull his gun
and didn't go inside and there now we're
finding out from CNN there were three
more deputies so the question is when
did he know that did he only find out
about that after he ripped Dana lash to
shreds and after he ripped the NRA to
shreds and after he blamed Second
Amendment proponents for what happened
or did he know that while he was on that
stage and is he's such a dishonest piece
of human debris that he went on that
stage and blend everybody but himself
when he's the guy in power he's the guy
with star on his chest he's the man
responsible for taking care of those
kids that is his duty that is his job
that is what he was hired to do that is
what he's paid to do that's only got his
pension from and that guy was standing
at it so when did he know it well
fortunately for us CNN reports isn't me
reporting it in daily wire reporting it
in the right-wing piece of news media
reporting at eight Fox News this is CNN
okay according to Coral Springs City man
Mike good rung on February 15th the day
after the shooting this is a direct
quote from CNN okay
direct quote from CNN the choral City
Springs manager city manager chewed out
Steve Israel over that malfeasance on
February 15th he approached him the day
after the shooting he said my people
told me that they got there and your
people were outside doing nothing which
means that not only did Israel probably
know it he was informed of it directly
by somebody else and then a week later
he went on national television and
ripped somebody who had nothing to do
with it and blame them for the problem
how disgusting is that how repulsive is
that I mean that is just the level of
moral despicable 'ti necessary to do
that is just astonishing so two levels
of absolute degradation moral
degradation one for police officers
waiting outside while kids get mowed
down one guy inside with a gun for
people outside with guns that's that's
level number one which is the worst and
then level number two is the cover-up
where you blame everybody but yourself
when you're the one responsible for it
absolutely horrifying absolutely
horrifying in every possible way now
what if the media done about this well
the media of course have continued to
blame the NRA the media have continued
to suggest that its gun owners second
Amendment advocates everywhere who are
doing all of this you know President
Trump said today he was speaking at CPAC
and President Trump said today that the
Second Amendment was under threat and
Jessie single guy who I'm friendly with
from a former leave New York magazine he
and I got into it on Twitter because he
said what kind of nonsense is that the
Second Amendment is under threat well
that same Steve Israel was on stage
calling for a full ban on semi-automatic
rifles which is any working rifle in the
United States that's not a bolt action
or a lever action rifle or a muzzle
loaded rifle it's a basically are
calling for a vast ban on the most
common guns in the United States and
then telling us that's not a violation
of the Second Amendment and we're
supposed to feel comfortable with this
you roll out a 24/7 propaganda effort by
the news media to say that guns are
responsible for something well it's
pretty clear the authorities didn't do
their job and I'm supposed to feel
comfortable with you guys
so here's here's the case you're making
to me Steve Israel here's the case
you're making to me Barack Obama here's
the case you're making to me all the
folks in the media on the left in the
case that you're making to me today is
the FBI failed twice to do anything
about this school shooter and then the
Broward County Sheriff's Office failed
39 times to do anything about that
shooter and then there were armed people
from the Broward County Sheriff's Office
there four of them apparently and they
didn't do anything about the shooter and
I'm supposed to hand over my gun to you
I'm supposed to hand over my ability to
defend myself to you why in why in blue
blazing hell would I do that why would I
hand over my only ability to protect
myself to people who are going to stand
outside with the guns that I gave up and
not rush the shooter again the people in
the media are just it Scott is there a
lot Steve in general rather the the
people in the the the people in the
media have been attempting to spin away
from this story all day now it's even
worse obviously because it's not just
one officer it's for the way they've
been spinning away from this so lawrence
O'Donnell was the worst lawrence
O'Donnell last night goes on TV and he
says how can you expect one man to
charge into the line of fire
even if he's wearing a uniform I love
these same people who say that the cops
are racists the cops are pathetic we
shouldn't trust the cops we can never
trust the cops and now all of a sudden
they're the big defenders of cops they
only like cops when cops don't actually
do anything apparently so this cop
didn't run in he didn't do anything so
lawrence O'Donnell says you know why he
didn't do that because the muzzle
velocity of a rifle is three times the
muzzle velocity of a handgun so the
officers gun had a lower muzzle velocity
than the shooters rifle did that any
idea how ridiculously stupid this is
this defense so is the idea that this
guy would be able to avoid a fired
bullet from a handgun does he have
matrix likes ability as soon as he picks
up an AR suddenly he can bend over
backwards like Keanu Reeves and make
sound waves in the error behind the
bullet is that the idea here let's say
they're standing a hundred feet apart
we'll do a quick back of the envelope
math here our typical rifle fires about
3900 feet per second that's the muzzle
velocity is about 3,900 feet per second
a typical handgun is about 1,300 feet
per second what's it they were standing
100 feet from one another let's say that
he ran into the hallway and they're
standing a hundred feet from one another
that means that if they fire
the bullets simultaneously the bullet
fired from the rifle would hit
approximately five one hundredths of a
second before the bullet fired from the
handgun are you telling me it's purely
impossible for that officer to get in
there they'd have a five five hundredths
of a second advantage cuz not even fast
enough for you to blink your eyes hey
you literally would not even see that
okay that's how fast it is and yet we're
told that this is the deciding factor or
do we have tremendous we have to have
tremendous sympathy for this officer
again I wouldn't want to be in that
position as an officer but that's why I
didn't sign up to be an officer and if I
had a gun as a civilian I hoped that I
would have the balls to rush in there
and try to do something but if you're
gonna make the case the government
should have the only authority to stop
mass shooters if you're trying to make
the case that we shouldn't arm teachers
or we shouldn't arm private security
guards or that citizens shouldn't be
armed there you have to do better than
that you're gonna have to do better than
that
but who's really to blame on all of us
who's really to blame according to the
media of course it's always Republican
it's obviously Republicans who are a
problem so the boycotts are now
beginning against the NRA so even though
we've learned in the past 48 hours that
the authorities failed on every single
possible level multiple times who's
getting blame the NRA so a bunch of
folks on the Left are now going to
people who have business deals with the
NRA and urging them to cut off the
business deals so enterprise rent-a-car
announced today that they would end the
discount that they have for NRA members
they're just a business deal and
surprise rents Carter tweeted thank you
for contacting us all three of our
brands this would be enterprise-d alamo
national have entered have ended the
discount for NRA members this change
will be effective March 26 thank you
again for reaching out kind regards
Michael so there we are now it turns out
that we're gonna as our corporations are
gonna be pressured to blame gun owners
law-abiding gun owners remembers the NRA
for this remember if the NRA played any
role in these shootings the most role
the NRA played in these shootings was
having shooting classes for J ROTC
students and also training the guy who
took down the the shooter in Texas not
one of these shooters has been a member
of the NRA not one and yet the NRA is
being blamed for this and Scott Israel
is not just amazing wasn't just
enterprise by the way Hertz came out and
they've said now they're gonna
disassociate from the NRA now listen
we'll get to the NRA in a second how the
NRA has handled this
because I don't agree with everything
that was said yesterday at CPAC I was at
CPAC it was wonderful thank you for
coming it was great to see all of you I
had blast talking to all the students
and young people and I think I I hope I
said some important things to the media
about how they've treated people who are
gun owners and what they can do to help
stop the spate of mass shootings but I
don't agree with everything that Wayne
LaPierre or even Dana with good friends
