as Brett Kavanaugh takes his seat on the
Supreme Court the left copes inmature
considered fashion or not I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show oh
[Music]
man we have a lot going on today we're
gonna tell all the news in just a second
first I want to let you know that
tonight is round two my next stop in my
yaf tour it takes me to University of
Buffalo so if you are anywhere near or
around the Buffalo area starting at 7:30
p.m. Eastern 4:30 p.m. Pacific you can
actually watch me dismantle the left
both in person and online at EF dot org
slash live that's yah org slash live
make sure to bring your tumblers to
collect leftist tears because there's a
tidal wave over the weekend and I know
that we have to somehow contain those
leftist here somewhere so the tumblers
will come in handy also also before we
get into the news I want to remind you
that you don't actually have to go to
the post office the post office is great
there's a lot of great stuff there but
why do you want to get in the car and
spend the time going down to the post
office when you can just sit at your
desk and instead get all the great
services of the post office right there
with stamps calm you can get all the
amazing services of the post office
directly from your desk 24/7 when it is
convenient for you buy in print official
US postage for any letter and any
package using your own computer and
printer mail carrier picks it up you
click print mail you're done we've used
stamps calm at the office daily wire for
quite a while we save ourselves time and
money that way plus we have a digital
scale allows us to calculate exact post
egde well you can do that too because
right now using promo code Shapiro you
get up to 55 bucks of free postage a
digital scale and a four week trial when
you go to stamps calm before you do
anything else you click on the radio
microphone at the top of the homepage
and you type in at Shapiro that
stamps.com promo code Shapiro again you
get that special deal post office has a
lot of great stuff but there's no reason
for you to have to go there instead you
can just do it directly from your desk
go to stamps.com use that promo code
Shapiro and again got fifty five bucks
of free postage a digital scale on the
four week trial when you do stamps comm
use promo code Shapiro okay so over the
weekend Democrats really handled the
Brett Kavanaugh vote I think with great
aplomb dignity poise folks on the Left
really you know they they really I think
showed tremendous maturity when they
realized that Brett Kavanaugh is
actually gonna be on the Supreme Court
for those who missed it Brett Kavanaugh
was confirmed on Saturday by a fifty to
forty eight vote
it was only 52 48 not 51 to 49 because
Mike Danes who's the senator from North
Dakota had to go home for his his
daughter's wedding and to Lisa Murkowski
abstained instead of voting against
against Kavanagh so became a fifty to
forty eight vote and Democrats responded
in their typically moderated and I think
modulated fashion was really it was
really good to watch it was good to see
the country come together after such a
rough time because Democrats did I
thought just a great job I mean like
here was is what happened at the Supreme
Court immediately as Cavanaugh was being
confirmed inside for those who can't
actually see this the other people who
are legitimately standing there beating
on the 13-ton bronze doors of the
Supreme Court my favorite is this lady
who's trying to pry the door open she
like like Frodo trying to get into the
mines of moria without the actual
passcode she's just there trying to pry
open the doors with her bare hands
though the doors are gonna part before
her it's pretty pretty astonishing stuff
obviously people really reacting well to
all of this we have an anti Cavanaugh
protester he started threatening people
as well so that was pretty solid and
like to this this is good I don't know
if this guy was arrested or what but
things obviously have cooled down in the
country
I'm sure this fellow is an expert in the
intricacies of Supreme Court
jurisprudence based simply on the
language that he's using with regard to
his political enemies I'm sure that he
knows the entire line of cases
stretching prior to Griswold on the
rights of privacy and he's just upset
and how that line of cases could be
curbed by the presence of Brett
Kavanaugh on supreme court probably
that's what's going on but I don't want
to make it sound like it's just you know
members of an angry mob or involved in
being an angry mob I mean they are but
it's more than that right it's it's some
of the elites in our society first of
all I'll be remissed here if I didn't
know that Cory Gardner says that his
wife has now received gruesome
heading video after his pro Cavanagh
vote and he's not the only one who's
receiving those sorts of threats those
threats actually are becoming quite
common with regard to Republican members
of Congress I've heard from a few of
them who have said that this sort of
thing is becoming sort of the norm but
as I say this isn't just that the people
that sort of the the popular level of
the Democratic Party this isn't just
leftist grassroots folks who are very
very upset we're talking about high
ranking Democratic Party people who have
completely lost their mind
I mean legitimately and completely lost
their mind over Brett Kavanaugh joining
the Supreme Court in much the way
they've lost their mind over Donald
Trump being elected in the first place
so take for example this amazing hero
knows amazing Hirono is a senator from
Hawaii and she specifically asked
whether she believes that people should
be confronted Republicans should be
confronted at restaurants and in their
daily lives watch as she Bob's and
weaves to avoid answering the question
as to whether people should be harassed
in their daily lives through the road on
Kavanagh I think that it just means that
there are a lot of people who are very
very much motivated but what is going on
because what did what happened with
judge Kavanagh is from the very
beginning this was not a fair process so
that's going on you know what
restaurants talk well this is what
happens you know they because when you
look at white supremacist and all that
this is what's it coming forth in our
country there's a tremendous divisive
Ness
country but this is the kind of activism
that occurs and people make their own
decisions oh people make their own
decisions
right but we're asking about your
opinion on the decisions they're making
see like we're asking whether you think
it's okay to yell at Ted Cruz's wife in
a restaurant or yell at Sarah Huckabee
Sanders or try and harass senators you
think well you know people have their
opinions yeah people have their opinions
my opinion is the mazie Hirono is a
completely immoral person based on these
statements or at least she's making
completely immoral statements as pretty
astonishing stuff it's not just mazie
Hirono of course you have the members of
Hollywood and and members of the comic
community who are joining in so here is
a writer for Stephen Colbert Stephen
Colbert as we all know the finest
comedian among us and in just just a
hysterical example of heartbreaking
genius he has a writer named Arielle
Dumas or dumbass I hope that I think
that it's probably properly pronounced
the latter
what she wrote whatever happens I'm just
glad we ruined Brett Kavanaugh his life
yeah I have a feeling that's how a lot
of folks on the Left actually feel these
days so points for honesty and then you
have these these comedians who decided
they're gonna follow around Brian
Kilmeade so Brian is legitimately one of
the nicest people in the media business
that has nothing to do with politics
Brian is just a genuinely nice human
being he's walking to the subway I
believe from Fox News home and comics
started following him on the subway and
then harassing him on the subway asking
people on the subway to harass him as
well and here's what that sounded like
if you have anything you want Donald
Trump to say or do tell this guy because
he's the only person in America at the
Donald Trump listens to I'll literally
give you $10 if yes Trump to resign
about look in the camera Newsday Donald
president it's time to resign I'll raise
it to 15 15 15 $15.50 a napkin 550 ax
mango
the only person that could stop this
mess please I'm begging you I'm begging
you so much comedian so much journalism
these folks on the on the Left they they
really they're really holding it
together nicely I think I think they're
they're really holding it together in a
pretty significant way kirsten
gillibrand by the way if you think that
the extremists in the Democratic base
are in no way related to the the folks
at the top of the Democratic Party all
you have to do is is watch the
relationship between the two Linda
Sarsour who's legitimately a pro
terrorist operative I mean she actually
has stood up for terrorists before she's
radically anti-semitic she of course is
one of the heads of the women's March
she introduced Christian Gillibrand at
one of the this at this latest rally
outside the Supreme Court so she here's
here's an actual terrorist supporter
introducing a sitting senator of the
United States an event and no one on the
Left batting an eye works for us on the
inside someone who understands that she
works for the people of this country
who's been speaking up against sexual
assault and sexual violence before there
was a breakout na please give it up to
the senator from the greatest state in
the United States of America my state
New York senator Kirsten Gillibrand
how delightful what a delight and
there's Kirsten Gillibrand you know real
feminist
standing up there with Amy Schumer as a
woman who talked about the great paid
maternity leave in Saudi Arabia
introduces her the good stuff there from
the Democratic Party President Trump is
correct that the Democrats have indeed
turned into an angry mob and you can see
how much an angry mob they've turned
into when we get to what policies they
are proposing because it's pretty
astonishing but here's President Trump
hitting the nail on the head as I've
said before the president is a hammer
sometimes he hits a nail sometimes he
hits a baby well yesterday he hit a nail
and it was satisfying because he said
what is correct here the the only thing
Democrats had to do honestly when Trump
was elected all Democrats had to do was
not be crazy that's all they had to do
they have failed dramatically in that
task of not being crazy instead they've
decided to go full-blown crazy here as
president from pointing that out
in their quest for power the radical
Democrats have turned into an angry mob
you saw that today with the screaming
and the shouting not from the 200 people
or less that weren't you know what those
people they couldn't fit in the front
row look what we have here today
okay Trump is exactly right about all
this now what are the left what are the
folks on the Left wanted to about this
well they want to do two things one they
want to come up with systemic ways to
change the system and two they want to
try it out a war on women narrative the
war on women narrative is their great
hope that they can start a war of the
sexes they tried this in 2016 they said
that there was a war on women and
Hillary Clinton was a representative of
women in this fight they are hoping that
because President Trump is alienating to
a lot of particularly suburban women
that they can glom on to that and then
they can combine that with enthusiasm
for the metes you movement and use that
to Club Republicans into submission on a
political level we'll get to the war on
women narrative in a second but first
what they want to do is they want to
radically change the system of American
government their full-blown members of
the media I'm talking about Washington
Post reporters today who are shocked
shocked to discover that the Senate of
the United States is not represented by
population they're shocked to discover
that in fact each state has two senators
and then they realize that wait Montana
has fewer people than New York which
means the Senate isn't representative Oh
God there literally realizing this like
right now it's it hey I don't know where
they been for out of the past 300 years
in this country but yeah I mean that
this is actually a case that they are
making right now we'll get to all of
that in just one second first let's talk
about the software that your company is
using when's the last time you updated
the software company uses probably not
recently because you figure it's more of
a hassle to try and figure out what
software to use and then install it than
it is to just plot along using this old
software except you're losing time and
you're losing money which is why you
ought to talk to the folks over at
software advice when it comes to picking
the right software for your business
software advice has done all the
research for you their team of Advisors
can point you in the right directions
you can start working more effectively
right away and it is absolutely free
just go to software advice.com slash pen
you answer a few short questions about
your business you'll be connected with
an advisor to discuss the best software
options for your needs talking to an
advisor can take just 10 minutes or less
whether you're a medical professional or
a construction manager or an HR pro
software advice will save you time and
help you make a more informed decision
so if you're not entrepreneur you work
solo software advice is a great way to
get an expert opinion even without the
resources of a big company go check them
out right now go to software advice.com
slash Ben to get started software advice
calm /ban know we here at the daily wire
are very up on our technology one of the
reasons why we have a successful company
but you need to be as well I'm sorry you
using that old 1997 Microsoft Word
format ain't gonna work anymore you
can't use you know that you can't use
the old the old spreadsheets that you
were using 20 years ago go to software
advice.com slash man connect with an
advisor for free software advice.com
slash Ben go check them out right now ok
so the media have discovered a few
things that they are upset about
so after 2016 they discovered they
didn't like the electoral college very
much because Hillary lost and now
they've discovered that there is such a
thing called the United States Senate
and that the United States Senate
Believe It or Not actually represents a
different population than the House of
Representatives now originally the
Constitution said that the Senate was
not even to be selected by popular vote
within the states originally the state
legislature selected their own senators
which was the correct move that's the
way it should have worked because that
meant that there was even another layer
between the population and the Senate
see the founders were actually quite
worried about mob rule they were quite
worried
the idea of peer democracy because they
figured that demagoguery could win over
broad swaths of the population and that
would enable all sorts of bad things to
happen to minorities inside the United
States is what they're worried about and
so they set up a system of checks and
balances to provide for the rights of
states while ensuring that if there was
overwhelming support for a measure that
all of that would be able to happen
anyway but Aaron Blake over at the
Washington Post in shocking news
breaking news he's the senior political
reporter at The Washington Post this is
breaking news guys hot off the wires
quote people are suddenly deciding the
population disparities rendered the
Senate undemocratic upon ratification
Virginia had 12 times as many people as
Delaware disparities are bigger now but
they very much existed when our founders
decided on the system so Aaron Blake is
Aaron Blake is is obviously you know
actually saying the truth here but
they're a bunch of people in the media
who have been suddenly calling on folks
to get rid of the Senate I'm not kidding
there's a I'm looking for all the tweets
right now but basically they're making
the case that the Senate needs to go
away or alternatively they're making the
case instead that the that the Supreme
Court ought to be packed so my favorite
is Democrats suggesting that Republicans
undemocratically got Brett Kavanaugh
through the Senate when Republicans had
the votes in the Senate somehow that's
undemocratic and now they're saying
there's solution to the undemocratic
nature of the movement of Brett
Kavanaugh to the supreme court requires
them to add more justices to the Supreme
Court in violation of the Constitution
this is from the New York Times today
the bitter partisan fury that engulfed
justice Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court
confirmation was the fiercest battle in
a political war over the judiciary that
has been steadily intensifying since the
Senate rejected judge Robert Bork in
1987 but an even greater conflagration
may be coming this confirmation vote
will not necessarily be the last word on
Brett Kavanaugh serving a lifetime
appointment on the Supreme Court said
Brian Fallon executive director of
liberal group demand justice and the top
spokesman for Hillary's 2016 campaign so
what exactly are they talking about some
have gone as far as proposing if
Democrats were to retake control of
Congress and the White House in 2020 or
after expanding the number of justices
on the court to pack it with liberals or
trying to impeach remove and replace
Brett Kavanaugh so
it's so good news the Democrats are
taking this all extraordinarily well
they just want to change the system of
government completely they want to get
rid of the Senate and they also want to
and they also want to increase the
number of justices on the Supreme Court
because they couldn't win an election so
well done to Democrats that that's
that's kind of tactic number one then
there is tactic number two and tactic
number two is okay we'll leave the
institutions of government in place but
what we are going to focus on innately
and inordinately is the supposed the
supposed war on women so this is one of
the great lies that's being perpetrated
it's being perpetrated by folks like
Valerie Jarrett so Valerie Jarrett you
will remember was the top adviser to
President Obama and she tweeted this out
I think it sums up well the argument
being made by folks on the Left quote to
all of the survivors of sexual assault
and women who wonder if they will be
believed if they are attacked no there's
a growing powerful movement of support
that will always have your back we
believe you we will stand with you we
will defend you change is coming so the
idea here is that if you support a Brett
Kavanaugh you are ignoring women who
make allegations of sexual assault this
is so transparent and it's really quite
vicious and disgusting I again opposed
