if you're watching us on Facebook we
thank you if you're watching us on
YouTube liar no one's watching us on
YouTube because they actually blocked us
in the middle of the broadcast for using
the same stream that the Young Turks are
also using on YouTube without being
blocked what do you do about that well
follow us over at Facebook or visit the
daily wire.com become a subscriber not
only do you get the delightful leftist
here's how to roll tumblr for $9.99 but
you can actually hear what we're saying
now that I think about it makes almost
no sense that I'm pitching this that
you're not already on one of those
platforms you aren't listening this is
why you guys are actually the
broadcaster's and I'm the the god king
is not all-knowing wouldn't predict for
instance that YouTube would take us down
for using a publicly owned stream right
that the Young Turks is also using
without any concept right there's no
bias right people on Facebook to go over
to YouTube and hit the bell yeah people
should go over to that YouTube and hit
the bell so if they can be notified when
we don't have a feed we're gonna take a
few questions from the audience because
we we got a good hour of in and
then the president got one hour plus
four and a half hours we want to hear
from you head on over to Facebook ask a
question we'll kick over to Alicia
Krauss in five minutes and see if we've
got some answers but first I just want
to go quickly around the room what do we
think of this speech give us a quick
grade one or two lines of commentary
would you think been um I mean b-plus
the only reason it's not nays because
just so long otherwise I thought that it
was quite good I thought that whoever
wrote his speech did or did a really
good job I thought that he delivered it
well they're the the big story of the
night of course is the Democrats Mike
Pence secretly sneaked around to all the
Democrats eat put superglue on on the
actual seat because they would not get
up for anything the national anthem for
war or for war stories for like for
anything for chance of USA they would
not get up because they've determined
that they are the anti-trump party they
have no actual principles or anything
they stand for they just don't like
Trump so obviously the big moment of the
night comes
with the North Korean refugee who holds
up his crutches near the end which is a
dramatic flourish for sure and the and
again I think that he did a very good
job of using you of doing a tick that I
think that Obama did early on well and
later lost which was use unitl unity
lines and forced the other side to take
the non unity side so they say things
like protects Americans from crime from
and Democrats would sit and when you say
unifying things and the Democrats still
won't do anything that's the art of
politics that it was really well done
tonight and this this round of good
headlines I expect to last let's see at
7:00 we'll be back in the news cycle
yeah you know I basically agree with
that I would give him an A+ for the
first 30 minutes after that I don't
think anybody was listening yeah you
know but but you have to give him credit
for the strategy of the speech the
speech was put together which maybe
Stephen Miller whoever wrote the speech
speech was designed to call out the
Democrats on on major things not just
what Ben said but also their
unwillingness to compromise on the
immigration policy because he was
offering them stuff that his base hates
he was offering them basically
citizenship from millions of illegal
immigrants in in return for security at
the border and there clearly were not
going to go for it I also thought the
final moments of the speech was
sensational if anybody was still around
when you think back to Obama the notion
that the people of this country are the
source of it's not just a strength but
also of its legitimacy that that that
had been lost for eight years with Obama
he he really always looked down upon the
people of this country he said himself
like I would like to just get the
experts in a room and solve all your
problems
Trump looks to us to solve the problems
that is the American Way I don't know if
anybody was listening to that poor ation
at the end but it was it was absolutely
that was excellent and I just thought
the strategy of the speech was great it
did go along and I just I think people
it
you can't do that you can't do that but
I mean Trump should know that better
than anybody considering he's a hundred
and forty character guy like if you'd
come in anyway that's true two eighty
now if he'd come out and give it a
twenty minute speech he would never stop
being away what do you think I am very
pleased with Trump's performance of a
time know you know I will say I'm very
pleased with his performance I'm very
pleased with the writing I'm much more
pleased with the Democrats performance
they sat down for jobs they sat down not
only for low unemployment they sat down
for blow black unemployment yeah
they sat down for welders I mean for the
national anthem they sat down for the
new Zoey laughter unemployment look I
could have looked for the flag they sat
down because they had to and what I
really think we all should give Trump or
whoever wrote the speech or whatever
credit because he left them no choice
yet to sit for every one of those and it
is it was beautiful I agree and he he
did such a spectacular job and and they
did such a what a drone death
performance from people who are usually
pretty good at showbiz right the
Democrats have us beat there until we
elected Donald Trump that they think
that they can sit for think they even
sat for things that are typically their
issues they sat for infrastructure they
sat for paid maternity leave
they you know they said as you said they
sat for basically amnesty those who
don't we destroy he first makes mad well
now we want to hear what you have to say
about the speech we're gonna kick it
over to our very own designated survivor
as you know the State of the Union the
president picks one member of his
cabinet to sit outside of the blast
radius of your average nuclear warhead
we do the same Alicia Krause in The
Daily wire bunker how's it going over
there
I'm pretty good all safe over here Oh
Jared and I are fine we're taking
questions from the audience on Facebook
because as you said we're shut down on
YouTube but more about that later and we
have some lots of fun responses and
questions from people people really
don't want to hear you guys talk about
the State of the Union they want to know
if Michael Knowles is wearing a clip-on
tie I'm not gonna wanna do this tie yet
because it's I will say they don't make
novelty ties in like pure silk so it's
it's pretty starchy but this was done
all by my own honor I have never known
Michael Knowles to wear
seth has a little more serious question
for Ben he wants to know what kind of
scotch are you drinking actually it's a
multi question question what kind of
scotch you drinking do you enjoy it
is it neater on the rocks and is it
kosher before the broadcast I said we
have to get kosher whisky because
otherwise someone will ask better so yes
this is kosher whiskey and beforehand it
is Jameson and I had Jeremy tell me how
to drink it that is 18 year old sherry
cask finished Jameson how much do I like
it well let's just say that it was
[Laughter]
alright next question is for Andrew
Andrew Sarah wants to know if you were
president Clavin so if this has been
your State of the Union tonight and the
three men in that room Plus moi in the
bunker we're in your cabinet who would
be in which position wait the three men
here yes I would just be asking them
questions I would just tell me what to
do I have no idea what I'm doing yeah
that's it all right let's see I would
put Ben in any position where he could
kill people and that and of course I
would put nulls in the press he would be
the press secretary yeah Jeremy would be
the god-king and me they did it they did
include me I was there anytime you okay
yes I would definitely put Secretary of
Commerce Secretary
[Laughter]
okay because I was home-schooled
home-schooled there we go my first thing
would be to close it just like Rick
Perry wanted close all of the ones that
Rick Perry wanted to close and half the
ones that he didn't remember
Camila has a question for our God King
of course both of those are with
lowercase because we're not blasphemous
around New York she says dear God King
are you concerned about the negative
health effects from all that secondhand
smoke on the set I fear second hand
cigarette smoke which has now killed
officially more people than heterosexual
aids as I said at the beginning of the
broadcast all things in moderation one
nice thing about delicious Cuban cigars
is that you don't inhale the smoke one
bad thing about smoking in my office is
you do inhale all of the second and oh
the second I worry most for been the
rest of us probably deserve what we
deserve most of the harm goes to the
wallet rather than to the law
Margo has a question for everybody and
she wants to know do Ben Andrew and
Michael do everybody watch each other
shows yeah we're lying
I thought we were lying I'm sorry
watches every second of my show to find
the moment to fire me upon the RAM
Jeremy is the god of the daily wired
each morning I bring an offering to his
office actually burn okay so speaking of
Noel's who we all want fired sure wants
to know is it true that if he stands in
front of the mirror and repeats reasons
to vote for Democrats five times that
Michael Knowles will appear you know
John put Horowitz tweeted at us actually
I don't know if you saw this on Twitter
he said what is up with the Davenport
that has fake books in I guess there I
didn't look at the books over there but
I will say this fake books have been
very good to me put a lot of bedding in
our final question for now because we'll
be doing another round of these later
Emmanuel wants to know guys what's up
with the vegetable platter it looks
totally
that's how you know we're men to me I
love anything with ELISA thank you no
see in a bit yeah so we're standing by
for one of seventeen and a half Democrat
rebuttals no to the speech and I think
that it's fair do we do we know Willie
hands were gonna watery of Joe Kennedy's
we may have a preview of Joe Kennedy's
did we did we pull the preview for Joe
Kennedy's speech okay well if we do yeah
and we will bring that up shortly to
show you the solution so Joe Kennedy the
third yeah yeah we have a preview of
that actual rebuttal so here it is only
the grandparents love those can be the
difference between guilt and innocence
one of the things I love about America
is that anyone can be President if your
last name is Kennedy Clinton Obama is
one of those things that you're a grape
grower what I love is they had the
Democrats were like we need a fresh face
anyone a fresh face you know something
we've never Joe Kennedy the third you
know been there's there's a curse for
the State of the Union response and no
one's ever given a good one yeah their
party and who better to break a curse we
know he's good at politics cuz the last
name is Kennedy yeah boy he looks awful
yeah I remember that
remember the Kennedy Nixon debate he
learned all the wrong lessons milkman
was at Nixon should we listen America
Libya carry on that rich legacy
like many American hometowns all River
has faced its share of storms but the
people here they fight for each other
they pull for their city is a fitting
place to gather as our nation reflects
on the state of our union anxious people
are tuning in you know I know
I mean Rubio got like killed for
drinking water this guy's drooling in
fear now he doesn't have chest cuz they
can look pretty like we also I mean
Marco Rubio got killed for drinking
water if a Kennedy drank water would be
the first time he's just gonna keep on
going here and we'll just make fun of
him so now that a party the direct but
what a thankless job any State of the
Union
that's true horrible job to do the
rebuttal I feel like the Republicans
should never do a rebuttal just yield
the time back to the gentleman from
wherever wherever but especially tonight
when the Democrats basically abstained
from the speech yeah they couldn't even
support their own ideas when uttered by
the president what's a guy like the
problem with the Democrats now is that
the shutdown for jobs for America for
the flag that actually represents a
large swath of the Democrat Party it's
not an accident it is not an accident
they don't stand for the flag they don't
stand you know people have been tweeting
oh blacks have you don't have jobs so
what Donald Trump said something and you
know
about Charlottesville you know they
actually don't stand for the real things
that make people's life they stand for
the state of the government and the
state of a kind of a show business
version of governor well they have
hinted themselves in a corner with all
the intersectionality naans yeah so by
having all of these folks by colin
kaepernick neil and then saying well we
stand with the people who neil because
this country is garbage yeah or it has
been garbage historically yeah it puts
them in a position where next time
somebody says we stand for the flag they
now have to not stand for the flag so
they they had to trump force them things
smart he tried he forced them to pick
sides with Kaepernick as opposed to
playing the middle position which is
Kaepernick has the right to do what he's
doing but I disagree with that right and
he says we stand with the flag what they
really should have done is stood up and
then later they should have said listen
we all stand for the flag but if
somebody wants to not stand for the flag
drop but they couldn't do that because
they'd be alienating their own base this
is what I was saying about I think that
the Democratic Party is falling into the
trap now of just being anti Trump now
that could work in elections right it
worked for Republicans in 2010
Republicans basically ran anti Obama and
they swept so it's quite possible that
in 2018 Democrats just run anti Trump
because the truth is as much as we talk
about the State of the Union okay let's
put it this way the bleep hole comments
controversy happened a grand total of 17
days ago okay that's how fast the news
cycle is right now the government
shutdown ended a week ago yeah a week
ago okay we don't remember any of that
so the state of the idea the State of
the Union is gonna carry forward for
nine I worry about this I worry about
this because I'm watching it in Britain
I was in I happened to be in Britain
when Jeremy Corbyn was elected the head
of the Labour Party and this guy is a
left-wing jew-hating piece of garbage
he's a terrible terrible person and they
basically the headlines were the Labour
Party has destroyed itself and I said at
the time no they haven't because every
election is a binary choice and
eventually this guy's going to come up
against an unpopular Conservative
government and Jeremy Corbyn could be
Prime Minister and that is now what
they're facing and so guys like Bernie
Sanders who basically promote the Soviet
yes point of ignition they could
actually they could actually win
election this is what's the area this is
this is why Trump's popularity rating
actually does matter it does matter
you're right no you're right and and I
think the only thing I would say about
Trump is that he has laid a bet that we
haven't quite seen on changing the game
he is actually trying to change the
whole tenor on which we discuss these
topics and I'm not sure the
the polls reflect whether or not he's
won I'm not saying he's won but I'm not
sure they reflect whether I think that
it's reflected that I'm not sure that
he's won the bet but again you write
them to binary race so he's I think his
bet is the Democrats are gonna be so
dumb yeah but they nominate somebody
terrible in 2020 which is a significant
possibility Bachmann it's very possible
if they nominate somebody like Joe Biden
though it's gonna be rough if they
nominate even somebody like Bernie said
but he's been through the wringer
already you remember you can hit Bernie
with a lot of stuff but Bernie was hit
with a lot of stuff by Hillary Clinton
with the Democrat base yeah
so you know I think that Trump would go
right at Bernie but I'm not sure Bernie
doesn't go right at Trump so it's I just
think that we I remember after 2004
after Bush won reelection I wrote a
column where I thought Republicans know
I'm gonna lose again
I mean we've won three straight
elections one 2001 2002 he won
reelection 2004 even though he lost the
popular vote in 2000 I figured we're on
a roll this is this could be an era of
dominance for Republicans and I got the
same feeling among a lot of Republicans
now who just they wanted to be true it's
like we're never gonna lose again well
the Democrats until five minutes ago
thought the same thing they were never
gonna lose again and it's just not the
way that that's a balance you're
absolutely but it does get to my central
theory of the left which is that they
they want the appearance of the thing
but not the essence of the thing they
want to look they want a president who
looks like a president Oh Brock Obama he
talked like a good president the
Kennedys they look like good but they
aren't the husk of the thing and and
what's unfortunate a little bit for us
sometimes is Donald Trump doesn't look
like the president yeah he doesn't talk
like the president he doesn't behave
like the president but he is governing
like the president and that that's a
real dichotomy I've never seen it so
clearly in American politics and I don't
know which way we're gonna go it's a
superficial culture so the fact that I
think the way we're gonna go is the way
we don't want to go because we're
getting precisely the reverse of what
you would think meaning that Trump is a
visual president right he was the guy
who was a reality TV star he had no
experience in politics he wasn't the guy
he was in Paul Ryan he wasn't a
substance guy Trump is proof positive
that Americans want the image of
something well that's the image of the
President or the to the image of just
imagery no they want the image and so
the question is less image over
substance then which image to Americans
want hmm and in that moment in 2016 what
they really I still believe that the
2016 election we give Trump all sorts of
props and he deserves props for visiting
states that people like God like me
thought he was fools
time in Wisconsin in Michigan I mean
insulation but Pennsylvania but but that
election to me was still about the
awfulness of Hillary Clinton much more
than it was about the quality of Donald
Trump was a candidate because Hillary
