is the fusion GPS scandal about to blow
up plus Democrats shut down the
government but the media are about to
blame Republicans and we will check the
mailbag so many things to do today i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
oh I didn't to mention the fact that
President Trump apparently according to
certain reports asked a pornstar could
spank her with a with a or she could
spank him with a with a magazine cover
with his face on it so we'll have to
talk about that as well that is the most
Freudian thing I mean that is the more
that's so Freudian that similar Oedipus
was like I'm out man
I can't Electro's I know we're done but
we'll get to all of that in just a
second why no one cares but first we
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Skillshare so Skillshare is the
place to make sure that your skills are
up to par the fact is that you can't
hope that your skill set is just going
to cut it for the rest of your career I
mean the truth is your skill set
probably won't cut it for the next three
months you need to be constantly
updating what it is that you are good at
and what you can do that's what
Skillshare does for you right at the
beginning of the year is a perfect time
for you to make the commitment that you
are going to make your resume broader
and deeper and increase your skill set
that's what Skillshare does so
Skillshare is an online learning
platform with over 18,000 classes in
design business technology and more
whether you're trying to deepen your
professional skill set or start a side
business or explore something new that's
what Skillshare does and they can help
you do that this year and beyond just in
time for the new year Skillshare is
offering my listeners a limited time
offer three months of skill shop for
just 99 cents I know their classes are
great we've taken some of it in social
media marketing here at the Ben Shapiro
show and I've taken one in watercolours
yes seriously to sign up go to
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro 99
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro 99 can you
get a limited time offer of three months
of skill shop for just 99 cents again go
to skill shared comm slash Shapiro 99 to
get three months of skill share for just
99 cents act now for that special New
Year's offer start learning today skill
shared Calm Shapiro 99 make sure it's
Shapiro 99 so they know that we sent you
already so the big news over the evening
over the course of the evening was that
Republicans had called for the release
of a particular memo so what exactly is
this memo so according to Sarah Carter
who is a national security reporter she
says quote a review of a classified
document outlining what is described as
extensive foreign intelligence
surveillance act abuse was made
available to House members Thursday and
the revelations could lead to the
removal of senior officials in the FBI
and Department of Justice several
sources with knowledge of the document
stayed so what happened is in the House
Intelligence Committee there was a vote
to allow other members of the House to
take a look at this floor page
Democrats are claiming the memo is
selective evidence with regard
specifically to the Russian dossier and
Russian collusion Republicans are saying
this memo blows the lid off the entire
Russian collusion scandal sources say
the report is explosive
they were stating it would not they
would not be surprised and it leads to
the end of Robert Mueller Special
Counsel investigation into President
Trump and his associates the House
Intelligence Committee passed the motion
along party lines Thursday to make the
classified report alleging extensive
FISA abuse related to the controversial
dossier available to all House members
the report apparently contains
information regarding the dossier that
alleges President Trump and members of
his team colluded with the Russians in
the 2016 presidential election some
members of the House viewed the document
in a secure room on Thursday so what is
likely to be in the document when one of
the big questions about how this entire
collusion investigation got started they
at the FBI is that fusion gps was
compiling an oppo research file paid for
by democrats they funneled that to
Obama's FBI Obama's FBI then took that
and used it as an excuse to go get a
FISA warrant against American citizen
Carter page right so they didn't do it
on their own recognizance the FBI they
didn't do it because they were hearing
from great sources basically they got an
Apple research stump from Hillary
Clinton's team at fusion GPS and then
they used that as an excuse to go after
Trump's team that is the allegation I'll
explain in a second why I think there
are at least two holes in this
allegation that need to be filled in
order for the entire Mueller
investigation to fall apart you can see
the Republicans are really starting to
push this hard so Matt gets is a Florida
congressman and he said yesterday we
need to quote unquote release the memo
they keep saying release the medal this
is a hashtag that was trending releasing
the memo they they they say they want
the memo released to the entire public
and that would really be up to the
leadership of the House Intelligence
Committee I'll explain in a second why I
think that this argument is a little bit
flawed here here's what gets had to say
well Liz the allegations contained in
this important intelligence document go
to the very foundations of our democracy
and they require an immediate release to
the public in my opinion unfortunately I
cannot talk about the specific facts
contained within this memo I can only
share my observation that if the
American people knew what was happening
if they saw the contents of this memo a
lot would become clear about the
information that I've been talking about
on television for the last several
months and so I am calling on our
leadership to immediately hold a vote on
the floor
of the house to make public the key
contents of this intelligence memo
regarding the FBI the Department of
Justice and president Trump ok gets is
not the only person saying this also
mark meadows a member of the house
freedom caucus from North Carolina he's
saying much the same thing that this
memo is shocking and that needs to be
released I'm here to tell all of America
tonight that I am shocked to read
exactly what has taken place I would
think that it would never happen in a
country that loves freedom and democracy
like this country it is time that we
become transparent and all of this and I
am calling on our leadership to make
this available so that all Americans can
judge for themselves ok so there he is
and and this is the this is what
Republicans are trying to trot out the
aside the essence being that this memo
needs to be released now Democrats are
pushing back saying the memo is
basically selectively put together by
Devon Nunez on the House Intelligence
Committee the the Republican congressman
from California they're also suggesting
and I think this is where there are a
couple of obits so here are the couple
of them questions I say the DES
narrative is basically from Republicans
that a FISA warrant was issued against
American citizen Carter beige on the
basis of Apple research for political
reasons I have two questions about this
particular narrative and I think both
need to be answered the first is let's
say that all of this is true let's say
that the FBI began an investigation into
Carter page on the basis of Democratic
Oppo research and let's say the Barack
Obama was behind all of that because he
wanted to finish Donald Trump for the
general election campaign he wanted to
knock Trump out of the race and he
wanted Hillary Clinton to win why didn't
we hear anything about the Russian
dossier until the election right why
didn't we hear that why wasn't it leaked
why was it that the FBI didn't make an
announcement about it right James Comey
came out made an announcement about
Hillary being prosecuted and then not
prosecuted and then prosecute and then
not prosecuted but we never heard a word
one really about Russian collusion
directly from the FBI during that entire
debacle of an election so if this was
all just a setup where Fuzion GPS was
working hand in glove with the FBI and
Loretta Lynch's DOJ and the Obama
administration why is it that we didn't
hear about the Russian dossier really
until January of 2017 so that's question
I have number one question I have number
two is if the ID
here is that the FISA warrant against
Kyra Paige was gathered under false
pretenses that basically the FBI and the
DOJ were working hand and glove with the
Hillary campaign there's one way we can
find this out
the President of the United States has
the has the ability as the head of the
executive branch to declassify any
single document that he wants why won't
he just declassify the FISA application
he could just declassify it you could
just say listen FISA application
demonstrates this whole thing is a bunch
of nonsense I'm declassifying that
application and it shows you that the
FISA application was based on all of
this Democratic nonsense that was taken
up and used by the Obama administration
right why doesn't he just do that so
there are people like Sean Davis over at
the Federalist you know were debating
this on Twitter this morning he would
say well then it would look like Trump
was interfering in the investigation to
which I say everyone on the left already
thinks Trump is interfering in the
investigation I mean this is half of
what this is about them thinking that he
fired call me to interfere with the
investigation or that he pressured rod
Rosenstein in order to interfere with
the investigation so I'm not going to
lay it on Trump's tact I think that's
that's not a good enough excuse I don't
think that it's Trump is tactful and he
really doesn't want to look like he's
interfering and therefore he's not
declassifying the memo maybe that's
what's happening but the very least
wouldn't you have somebody look at the
actual FISA application and leak of that
to the press this administration is
leaked for every other reason so why
wouldn't you leak that so what that says
to me is that it seems like there are
people on both sides who want to hide
some information it seems like they're
Democrats who want to hide the fact that
FISA applications and FISA warrants are
very often gathered with bad info or
that the lengths to which the FBI and
DOJ go to investigate certain matters is
a lot further than they will go to
investigate other matters so it looks
like Democrats don't want this memo to
get out it looks like Republicans don't
really want the FISA application to get
out because the FISA application gets
out it puts an end maybe to all of the
rumors about the FISA application being
based on Hillary Clinton Oppo research
so these are those are my two questions
about this particular narrative
narrative when they're - being that the
dossier the Russians asti a compiled by
Carter page or compiled rather by it by
Christopher Steele the spy under the
auspices of Glenn Simpson and fusions
GPS at the behest of Hillary Clinton
that that was used as the DOJ and FBI is
excuse to go after Trump I think they're
they're a couple of holes in that now is
it quite possible that fusion GPS is
doing something corrupt here is it quite
possible that fusion GPS
was working with the FBI and DOJ sure of
course that's possible and we have
another story today that says that the
fusion GPS group was trying to leak at
Hillary's behest all of the information
in the dossier in the last weeks of the
election in order to finish Trump we'll
talk about that in just a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blinds.com
so blinds.com is the place that you go
to make your house look better because
let's face it when you look at the the
state of your apartment the state of
your home the thing you think about last
is the window coverings because why
bother except that that's really what
makes your house look good very often
I've stayed in a couple of vacation
rentals were they Brandon window
coverings it totally changes the the way
that the place looks and in the feel of
an entire location well that's what
blinds comm is there for right now it's
boring to go to the store and pick out
blinds right and it's kind of expensive
you have to go over to the local retail
outlet and it cost you a fortune but
that's not what happens in blinds.com
they make it really easy for you if
you're not sure what you want or even
where to start with blinds stuck on you
get a free online design consultation
you send them pictures of your house
they send back custom recommendations
from a professional for what will work
with your color scheme furniture in
specific rooms they'll even send you
free samples to make sure that
everything looks as good in person as it
does online every order gets free
shipping and this here is the best part
if you miss measure you do it wrong you
pick the wrong color you screw up
blinds.com will remake your blinds for
free they've made it really easy for you
there's no excuse to leave up the crappy
blinds that make your house look like
the trash heap instead go over to blinds
comm and right now and use promo code
bet and get 20% off everything that's
blinds.com promo club bed you get 20% of
everything that's for wood blinds
cellular shades roller shades and more
blinds.com promo code Ben rules and
restrictions do apply so check that up
blinds.com promo code ban 20% off
everything plus of course when you use
promo code Ben it lets them know that we
sent you okay so is it possible that the
Russians were using fusion GPS as a
cutout to funnel bad information about
Trump to the FBI or the DOJ lease Smith
has a very good piece in tablet comm
basically suggesting this he says
earlier this week Senator Dianne
Feinstein released a partially redacted
transcript of Glenn Simpson's August
22nd 2017 hearing before the Senate
Judiciary Committee
maybe it's a coincidence that just last
week Simpson himself co-founder of the
Washington dc-based strategic
communications from fusion GPS that
assembled and distributed
the now notorious anti-trump dossier
wrote a New York Times op-ed calling for
Republican members of the committee to
release his testimony Feinstein's said
at first she was pressured to release
the document now she says she wasn't and
her statement was misunderstood the
whole fight over the Simpson transcript
is just part of a broader fight about
what exactly was in the dossier was the
dossier used to garner the FISA warrant
against against Carter page in the first
place and here's the problem right
here's the right Lee Smith gets to the
root of he says if the FBI and the DOJ
used a piece of opposition research paid
for by a political campaign as evidence
for a warrant to intercept the
communications of a rival campaign and
the questions asked by congressional
investigators suggests they did we are
now living in a very different America
than the one that generations of civil
libertarians and small government
conservatives alike desire to maintain
and which large majorities in Congress
have repeatedly voted for the DOJ the
FBI perhaps the CIA would be embroiled
in a scandal likely have long-lasting
sweeping consequences for intelligence
collection national security and the
safety and privacy of American citizens
to say nothing of how it will demoralize
federal law enforcement which will
appear to be mired in partisanship and
political corruption so that is the big
question right at that is the big
question is whether the FBI the DOJ the
CIA the Trump the Obama administration
or you know wiretapping Trump supposedly
at the behest of Democrats essentially
so that is a big problem on the other
side there's a big problem which is that
there are a bunch of people who are
still trying to track down a lot of the
allegations that are in the Russian
dossier that are in the Christopher
Steele collusion dossier Glenn Simpson
you know in the Democrats have voted to
release the transcript of Glenn Simpson
the the founder of fusion GPS which was
the Apple research firm the House
Intelligence Committee voted to released
the transcript of Simpson's interview
with them and according to Business
Insider the house investigators line of
questioning touched upon subjects the
Senate Judiciary Committee did not delve
into Democrats basically tried to lay
out a series of breadcrumbs for the
media to follow right what were you
finding Glenn Simpson and then Glenn
Simpson would come out and say well what
we were finding was financial
impropriety and kind of trying to hint
at what it was that was in the dossier
that was substantiated so there's a lot
going on in this whole story and there's
even more going on now that we now we
know according to Powerline blog that
the House Intelligence Committee
transcript shows the Glenn Simpson tried
to leak all of the information
Russians oca2 the press right before the
election cycle which is not surprising
since the DNC was paying for the dossier
in the first place right the fusion GPS
apparently doesn't have much on Trump
but that said they were trying to leak
it before the election so there's a lot
of dirty business going on here none of
it has come out but there are two ways
to solve this right there there two ways
to solve this one the house can release
all the information that it has they can
vote to do that they can release not
only the Glenn Simpson memo the
transcript but also the memo that
they're talking about releasing they
should release it and number two Trump
himself can end this right now all he
has to do is release that FISA
application so I'm calling on President
Trump release the FISA application right
let's find out what it was that caused
the FBI to investigate Carter page
because all of the speculation all the
rumor mongering all the suggestion by
people on the right that you know Trump
is is just exercising propriety
that's not Trump's habit okay Trump is
not a guy who cares much about propriety
and let's be real about this if Trump
were to release that FISA application it
were to say fusion GPS memo is the basis
of the FISA application it basically
ends the Mueller investigation right
then right basically everybody on the
right goes okay well then this was all
set up from the very beginning and that
that's why Trump should do it okay
speaking of things Trump should do Trump
is actually handling this whole
government shutdown relatively well so
the government is going to shut down
today it's going to shut down because
Democrats believe that it is in their
political interest to filibuster the
continuing resolution to fund the
government so there's not a new budget
on the table we're talking about a
continuing resolution that funds the
government for 30 more days as a
sweetener as an attempt to cut Jul
Democrats into voting for the continuing
resolution Republicans are putting in
