Cory Booker and Kamala Harris make total
fools of themselves Twitter bans Alex
Jones permanently and we check the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
some days the news cycle is just so much
fun and today is one of those days
because it is full-scale insanity we
will get to all of it but first let's
talk about whether the suit that you're
wearing is any good because the reality
is you probably got it off the rack
somewhere no this is a really nice suit
nope it's hanging on you like a curtain
instead you ought to be going to Indo
Chino and getting yourself a suit that
actually fits you because it's made just
for you Indo Chino is the world's most
exciting made-to-measure menswear
company they make suits and shirts to
your exact measurements for an
unparalleled fit and comfort dudes love
the wide selection of high quality
fabrics and colors to choose from the
option to personalize the details
including lapel lining pockets buttons
writing your own monogram it's really
awesome here's how it works you can
either visit a stylist at one of their
showrooms and have them take your
measurements personally or you can
measure at home and shop online at endo
chino comm then you choose your fabric
inside now choose the customizations
it's really a lot of fun you feel like
James Bond and then it just arrives in
the mail and it's awesome okay so go
check it out right now chinos originated
120 years ago as part of a British
French military uniform designed to be
simple durable comfortable and
camouflage and earthy tones fast forward
to now and this fashion classic has
changed very little until now Indo
chinos are tailored for the perfect fit
and customizable to suit any personal
taste and style this week my listeners
can get any premium Indo Chino suit for
just 359 bucks at ENSO chinos calm and
her promo code Shapiro a checkout that's
50% off the regular price for a
made-to-measure premium suit again Indo
chinos at an introductory price of 79
bucks in the US plus shipping is free
endowed sheknows.com promo code Shapiro
for any premium suit for just three
hundred and fifty nine dollars and free
shipping go check out all of their
awesome product right now Indo Chino
calm again premium Indo Chino suits for
just 359 bucks when you use promo code
Shapiro at checkout alrighty so we are
still in the aftermath of what was a
wild and bizarre Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing over president Trump's
nominee to the Supreme Court to replace
Justice Anthony Kennedy this of course
will be Brett Kavanaugh Brett Kavanaugh
is about as mainstream establishment a
textualist judge as can be he gave no
controversial answers but that did not
stop Democrats from grandstanding
because we now live in a world where
signalling to your base that you are
deeply deeply upset about things is the
way to win political races whether
you're Donald Trump in the 2016
primaries or whether you're Bernie's
in the 2016 primaries the way that you
get your base excited is by showing them
that you are very upset and you are
crusading for truth your crew say it
doesn't matter if you're actually making
up the truth doesn't matter if you're
twisting it doesn't matter if you're
lying it the only thing that really
matters in the end is whether your base
believes that you're passionate about
something because passion has now
outweighed reason as the basic standard
that we should be using in any
particular way well the case in point
over the last couple days has been Cory
Booker when the evolution of Cory Booker
is really something to watch for those
who didn't know anything about Cory
Booker Cory Booker used to be considered
a sort of moderate politician and he was
sort of a third way politician who was
in Newark New Jersey
he was governing across the aisle he was
making friends of schmuely botella he
was a guy who was going to be the new
wave of politics in the country and a
post partisan beyond all of this back
and forth left and right and then you
realize that the best way to elevate
himself inside the Democratic Party was
to act like a loon bag and so he has
decided to go full loony and he did that
during the Senate Judiciary Committee so
you recall a couple of days ago when he
suggested that he was Spartacus which
was real weird it was real weird because
number one he is not in fact Spartacus
number two he doesn't understand the
plot of Spartacus and number three he
didn't actually violate a lot but here
was Cory Booker basically daring people
on the Senate Judiciary Committee to
oust him from the senator for violation
of the rules so the Washington free
beacon did a mash up of Cory Booker
talking about how he had violated the
rules with George Costanza from Seinfeld
talking about how he was the bad man and
it really does fit and in Cory Booker is
a nerd pretending to be the bad guy here
so that he's cool at the base he's gonna
wear a leather jacket and ride a
motorcycle so that the base will love
him and vote for him in 2020
here's cory booker pretending to be
Spartacus I will say that I did
willingly violate the chairs rule on the
committee confidential process I take
full responsibility for violating that
sir and I violated because I sincerely
believe that the public deserves to know
this nominees record in this particular
case his record on issues of race and
the law and I could not understand and I
violated this rule knowingly why why
these issues should be withheld from the
public now I appreciate the comments of
my colleagues this is about the closest
I'll probably ever have in my life to an
I am Spartacus moment
this is making to cleanse there one is
that he violated the Senate rules two or
the documents that he actually released
or somehow damaging to Brett Kavanaugh
not a single thing he said there is true
including that this is an I am Spartacus
moment I've already said this morning on
Twitter I took a Twitter poll as to what
President Trump should call him in the
inevitable tweet right there will be a
tweet from President Trump about Cory
Booker I'm pushing all of my friends at
the White House to get the President to
nickname him far takus I just think that
the alternatives are cryin Cory there's
also drama queen Cory there they're a
few there are a few possibilities but I
think far too kiss is clearly the best
and I'll be very disappointed in the
president if he goes with cry in
somebody else he's already done crying
for I think a couple of other folks he
needs to get more creative with the
insults in any case it turns out none of
this is true so Cory Booker releases
these documents number one he didn't
actually release the documents they were
released earlier that morning so he
didn't violate any a senate rule which
he knew when he said this that's number
one number two the documents that he
released about Brett Kavanaugh are the
things the American public had to see
because we cannot have this veil of
ignorance placed upon our eyes so that
we don't know who will enter it we must
know every it turns out what are those
documents show shows Brett Kavanaugh is
a lawyer who knows things and also
opposed to racial profiling after 9/11
the specific email chain he's talking
about there we need to know what he
thinks about racial profiling
what does Brett Kavanaugh actually say
in those emails he says racial profiling
is probably unconstitutional so we
shouldn't do it so well done Cory Booker
just well done what's hilarious about
this is even even members of left-wing
media who are prepared to praise Cory
Booker who are prepared to treat him as
Spartacus rather than Farkas even those
members of the media had to actually ask
him some tough questions and Cory Booker
had no answer so Anderson Cooper who's
predisposed to sort of like this this
kind of drama he starts asking cory
booker questions and watch as cory
booker's eyes roll up into the back of
his head and he starts murmuring in
tongues it's pretty astonishing
Grassley's office also confirmed you
were told that the restrictions and
documents had been waived before you
spoke today so how do you square that
with the idea that with what you've said
well I square that very easily number
one last night I broke the rules
before they even then they scrambled to
least the document but I continue to
release documents I've released 20 so
far that they have not cleared I am
breaking the rules I'm breaking the Sham
rules 20 documents you check my Twitter
feed anybody in the public now can have
access to the ones that they wanted to
hide if you haven't cleared those yet
maybe they're rushing to catch up to me
and clear those as well and then
Cooper's like yeah but Grassley says
that here he cleared it and so did all
the Democrats on the committee so um
what are you talking about and then
Booker's like whoa but no I'm a bad man
I broke the rules baby look at me look
Eve me my muscle shirt got a pack of
cigarettes rolled up in my t-shirt
sleeve and me I'm a bad boy ladies yeah
sure sure Cory sure so that was solid
stuff and then Kamala Harris it turns
out is also a terrible liar so Kamala
Harris who's better at than Cory Booker
at the site yesterday I compared Cory
Booker - he's like the Nicolas Cage of
politics every scene is just him
snarling at him and making weird faces
well come out Harris is actually pretty
good at this rate she does the stade
routine pretty well there's only one
problem she also doesn't know what she's
talking about so she had an entire
exchange with judge Cavanaugh in which
she accused judge Kavanaugh of talking
about the Millar investigation with
members of President trumps law firm
overcast woods well a couple of facts
that are worthwhile noting number one
Casa de Witts gave disproportionately to
a particularly California Senate
candidate by the name of Kamala Harris
in the last election cycle shouldn't
reveal that number two I do love the
fact that Kamala Harris is is suggesting
that Kevin on knew somebody at Casa wits
and talked about the Muller
investigation without any evidence that
ever happened Casa what's thinking about
the law firm came out they said yeah by
the way no that never happened that's
not that's not a thing that happened I
do actually have footage of Kamala
Harris grilling Cavanaugh from yesterday
yes oh here it is
Kassovitz Benson and Torres which is the
law firm founded by Mark Kassovitz
know who is president Trump's personal
lawyer are you have you had any
conversation about robert muller or his
investigation with anyone at that firm
[Music]
yes or no well is there a person you're
talking to my man you a very direct
question yes or no yeah I I need to know
the
I'm not sure I know everyone who works
at that law firm I don't think you need
to I think you need to know who you
talked with who'd you talk to
okay who'd you talk to and he's like
they're 266 lawyers a casa one sec I
don't know hey I talked to lawyers all
the time I don't know what firm they
work for and that's true I'm sure for
Brett Kavanaugh too who works in legal
circles all the time that's not the
first question you asked somebody you
asked like what kind of law do you
practice where do you practice
it's his dumb question and she has no
evidence of this whatsoever so then Manu
Raju who works for CNN sees Kamala
Harris like walking around the Senate
building yesterday afternoon and here's
what he tweets just ask Kamala Harris
about Kassovitz denial because Kassovitz
came forward and Marc Kassovitz who runs
the firm he says um no one here talked
to Kavanagh about any of this stuff so
this is just made up so a man arrives
your tweets just ask Kamala Harris about
Kassovitz denial then no one at firm
talked to kab now about Muller probe and
she says they're not under oath and so
Rashi said so you don't believe them she
says the question was asked under oath
and he didn't answer okay that so
basically she was lying she had no
evidence whatsoever that Casa Watts had
talked to to Cavanaugh about any of this
stuff she has no evidence that Cavanaugh
has done anything inappropriate with
regard to conversations about the Muller
investigation or anything like that she
just runs around asking questions that
are designed to grandstand for the
public the funniest thing about all of
this is you know who's that you know
who's actually winning the battle among
Democrats for 2020 based on the Senate
Judiciary Committee hearing Michael
avenatti
I'm telling he's my sleeper man he is my
dark horse Michael avenatti the porn
lawyer for stormy Daniels that guy is
now my 2020 front-runner for the
Democrats I am not kidding you think I'm
kidding because it's ridiculous but
guess what everything's ridiculous man
where you been for the last four years
come on Michael avenatti is a better
lawyer than either Corey Booker or
Kamala Harris cory booker by the way ask
something like 56 question 60 questions
during the course of the hearing didn't
ask he didn't mention a case not one
zero cases mentioned in the course of
all of his questions because these
people are not interested in actual
answers a Vinod he started tweeting out
stuff about all of us and he was just
trolling Kamala Harris and Cory Booker
and it was just delicious so avenatti
starts tweeting out about Cory Booker
and Kamala Harris don't know what in the
world they're actually talking about he
tweeted this out two hours ago
I first started trying cases my mentor
taught me two basic things one never
over promise and suggest to the jury
that you have evidence when you don't I
eat get over the tips of your skis and
to never get caught trying to deceive
the jury words to live by in life as
well
hey that is such a sub tweet of both
Kamala Harris and Cory Booker it's
delicious it's delicious so watch as
porn lawyer Michael avenatti runs
circles around the sitting senators from
New Jersey and California I got to tell
you if it's avenatti versus Trump in
2020 I cannot wait man I mean the
entertainment value of that race will be
so unbelievably high and what's going to
be great is that we will actually get
questions and debates like which one of
you had sex with stormy Daniels first
like this will actually be a question in
a debate it'll be unbelievable like we
would if we're gonna go down this path
let's go all the way okay let's let's
just feel the the American people ought
to feel the consequences of the
decisions that they've made politically
for the last several years and I think
what we really deserve well it's not
what the country needs but it's what the
country deserves is in avenatti versus
Trump 2020 race I'm telling you Evan Adi
will crush he's a better debater he's a
better debater than Kamala Harris and
Cory Booker he will crush them on stage
it'll be fantastic and he'll be able to
stand there and say he's these
characters these clowns they could even
do a Senate Judiciary hearing I am going
after the President of the United States
via my brave feminist clients stormy
Daniels famous for her role in the
witches of breast wick yeah ha America's
a great country and we're gonna get to
some more from the Senate Judiciary
hearings because it got even even better
in a couple of ways but first let's talk
about your underwear because come on
we're already talking about presidential
candidates underwear who may as well get
to your underwear as well when it comes
to comfort down below there's underwear
and then there's Tommy John the
revolutionary clothing brand that has
redefined comfort for Americans
everywhere Tommy John obsesses over
every little detail and stitch by using
proprietary fabrics they perform like
nothing you've ever worn before as a
result Tommy John's men's and women's
underwear sport and no wedgie guarantee
which I totally could have used in high
school comfortable stay put waist bands
and a range of fabrics that are
luxuriously soft feather-light moisture
wicking breathable designed to move with
you not against you which means no
bunching no riding up Tommy John is so
confident you gonna love their underwear
that they have a deal it's the best pair
you'll ever wear or
free guarantee if you don't love your
first pair you get a full refund and
that includes their new life changing
women's underwear it sold out in just
six weeks it is now back in stock hurry
over to Tommy John's accom / Shapiro for
20% off your first order that's Tommy
John comm / Shapiro for 20% off best
underwear you're ever gonna wear they
really are fantastic go check them out
right now Tommy John comm / up here oh
and again when you use that / up here
you get 20% off your first order all
right so the the hearings got even
better you remember that earlier this
week there's a woman named zina Bosch
Xena Bosch her father is Jewish her her
father's parents survived the Holocaust
her mother is Mexican but you remember
the Xena Bosch was supposedly a white
supremacist why because she made this
symbol the okay symbol right the okay
symbol is supposedly white power why
because if you take these three fingers
that looks like W and then you take the
circle and then you add a lines in the
bottom and it looks like power okay real
weird stuff but everybody on the Left
decided that this was a secret white
supremacist decoder ring single symbol
and that if you open a cracker jack box
and got precisely the proper ring and
you oriented it correctly then you could
read between the lines of everything
Breck have not ever said so she was
going like this she had hurt her hand on
her on her arm like this and they
suggested that she was giving the white
power symbol and everybody was like what
are you even talking about are you
insane
well three cheers for Xena Bosch Xena
Bosch not all heroes wear capes
yesterday in the hearing
Xena Bosch is sitting behind Brett
Kavanaugh again and just to screw with
people's heads she just takes her hand
she gives the in she gives the same
there it is it's just spectacular just
for the fun of it
just raises her hand she goes like that
and then she can puts it back down and
she knows everybody's gonna go nuts you
know they're a bunch of people on the
right who are sort of prim and proper oh
why would she do that she's giving
credibility left no she's making fun of
them and they deserve it because they're
crazy and this is why whenever folks on
the left leg well Trump is a three-ring
circus
no no American politics is a three-ring
circus President Trump is the ringmaster
he's in that center ring but the other
two rings are filled with Democrats and
Democrat protesters because everyone's
crazy everyone has lost their minds and
so if you can't enjoy the circus well
then get out of the big time
if you can't enjoy the freakshow why are
you here okay we at least should be able
to enjoy the humor of the era in which
we live especially because you know what
