on the one-year anniversary of President
Trump selection the left loses its mind
even more than usual the Republicans are
still struggling to pass tax cuts and I
want to talk about why bad things happen
to good people I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show so what prompted me
to think why bad things happen to people
is I'm sick as a dog and I'm a good
person
why God why but really I'm I am kind of
sick so bear with me today even though
my voice is lower and more manly than
usual I appreciate you sticking with me
so before we jump into the leftist going
absolutely insane yesterday on the
one-year anniversary of President Trump
winning the presidency first don't say
thank you to our sponsors over a wing so
could you use a drink right now I sure
could
that's why wink is great okay so wink
makes it really easy for you to get the
best wines and not just the best wines
the ones that are tailored to your
palate you got to go over to somebody's
house for dinner you don't know what
wine to bring you don't want to bring a
bottle of Manischewitz because you don't
want to look like an idiot and so you
need a wine that goes with their meal
well you go on winked calm you go to try
blink calm slash been try wink winc calm
slash man and you take their survey you
fill out their palate profile quiz and
they will tell you what sort of wine
goes with your palate what sort of wine
goes with your meal discover great wine
today at try wink comm slash Ben and you
got 20 bucks off your first shipment
again that's t ry winc comm slash Ben
for $20 off your first shipment try wink
comm slash Ben it's the wine is really
terrific it's why everyone around here
is terrible at their jobs they're drunk
all the time from link wine but it is
true that the the wine itself is really
good and less expensive then you'll have
then then you'll get at the local liquor
store it's better and again they'll tell
you what's the best wine for you try
wink calm slash Ben for $20 off plus
they'll know that we sent you okay so I
could not help but laugh despites my
personal discomfort I could not help but
laugh yesterday hysterically as a bunch
of people on the Left went out into the
streets of New York and decided to
aimlessly scream at the sky no I am not
kidding it was the one-year anniversary
of President Trump winning if you want
to see my reaction to President Trump
winning all you have to do is go to
youtube and google shapiro laughing for
two minutes because that's exactly what
happened we covered it on election night
and Bill Whittle friend of ours he said
President Trump and it struck me for
just a moment
how
dick you listen hilarious that is and
also that Hillary had lost and I just
started laughing and I couldn't stop
laughing for a fully two minutes he's
pretty great but that is not how
everyone reacted a bunch of folks on the
Left were heartbroken they're still
heartbroken and they've lost their minds
so yesterday in New York City people
gathered to scream at the sky okay I
know these are probably the same people
who say thoughts and prayers are useless
right same people who stays thought you
shouldn't say thoughts and prayers when
something bad happens now they're
gathering to scream at a sky where there
is no God presumably and and I could not
help but laugh hysterically at this
[Music]
a lady trying out for the met opera but
I I do I do love it you're gonna get
together and scream at the sky yeah
that's that's gonna win that's gonna
that's gonna make you guys win now it is
true that the anger of the left is gonna
drive down to the polls more often I
mean that that's sort of what you saw in
Virginia but if they think that this is
an attractive feature then they're going
to win elections because they scream at
the sky then I think not but for the
left they believe that their anger is
its own justification so there are a
couple of columns that I want to talk
about today that demonstrate just how
far go on the left is when it comes to
policy and politics now it is possible
the Republicans can be bad enough with
this to blow whatever advantages they
have it seems like that's what they're
in the business of doing we'll talk
about what they're doing with their tax
plan in just a second and we'll also
talk about President Trump in just a
second and the divides inside the
conservative movement but on the Left
they've completely lost their minds and
so they feel that the only path back to
power is twofold one they have to be as
angry as possible and two they have to
reimburse identity politics
okay these are precisely the things that
brought them Trump is their anger and
their identity politics that caused the
backlash that brought President Trump so
maybe there's a backlash to the backlash
that's quite possible right there was a
backlash to the left identity politics
and rage and that was brought about in
the form of the Tea Party and President
Trump was the culmination of that it is
also possible that there's a backlash to
that backlash that's building right now
whatever it is it ain't good for the
country two columns in particular I want
to talk about today both from the
horrific New York Times so the New York
Times is Andrew Clavin calls at a former
newspaper there op-ed page is filled
with joy the last 48 hours my personal
favorite column is from a woman named
Lindy West who writes on feminism in
popular culture which already makes you
want to run through a wall so it's so
hard that it leaves a u-shaped hole in
the wall like a cartoon but here is what
she says in the pages of the New York
Times and it's called brave enough to be
angry really this is what it's called
brave enough to be angry which is like I
didn't realize it takes bravery to be
pissed I really didn't realize this I
like when you just take two emotions how
about angry enough to be brave how about
sad enough to be happy
maybe when she announced that in any
case here's what here's what the column
says and it's pretty amazing it says
last month and Access Hollywood
correspondent asked the actress Uma
Thurman's to comment on abuse of power
in Hollywood
presumably in light of the sexual
assault allegations against the producer
Harvey Weinstein speaking slowly and
deliberately
through gritted teeth Thurmond responded
quote I don't have a tidy soundbite for
you because I've learned I am NOT a
child and I've learned that when I've
spoken in anger I usually regret the way
I express myself so I've been waiting to
feel less angry when I'm ready I'll say
what I have to say Thurmond is seething
like we all have been seething in our
various states of breaking open or as
Thurmond chooses waiting we are seething
at how long we've been ignored seething
for the ones who are told long ago who
are punished long ago for telling the
truth seething for being told all our
lives we have no right to seethe has
this woman never met a woman has she met
like a girl that girls get angry my wife
gets mad my mom gets mad my sisters get
mad my three-year-old daughter
definitely gets mad I was unaware that
women are not allowed to be angry women
are definitely out allowed be it doesn't
mean that they're they're attractive
when they're angry because men aren't
attractive when they're angry they're in
fact people generally are not
particularly attractive when they're
angry but you're seething and how long
you've been ignored lady are writing in
the pages of the New York Times being
ignored okay so she continues along
these lines Thurman's rage is palpable
yet contain conveying not just the
tempestuous depths of hashtag me to God
the writing is so bad I don't know who
edits over the New York Times they
should be fired immediately but a
profound understanding of the ways that
female anglers received and weaponized
against women and now she's gonna go
explain all the ways that women's anger
is not taken seriously but does she cite
sexual assault or rape like women who
have claimed they were raped or sexual
assaulted and are angry about it and
people told them to sit down and shut up
no she doesn't cite any of that because
that's never happened okay no one says
to women who say they were raped why are
you so mad you mad bro no one says that
to a woman who is raped you can't name
anyone who says that to a woman who is
raped so what are the examples of female
anger we've been ignoring get ready for
this from Lindy West again this is just
indicative of the left's belief that
anger is its own justification quote in
the past few months alone we've seen
Carmen you lean crews mayor of San Juan
Puerto Rico pilloried by the far right
for criticizing Donald Trump's anemic
response to Hurricane Maria we are dying
here Cruz told the news media aya mad as
hell and the Florida congresswoman
Frederica Wilson deluged with abuse
after she characterized Trump's call to
a military Widow
Myesha Johnson as insensitive as an
insult both Cruz and Wilson were
directly targeted by the president's on
Twitter that incessantly memed and
regurgitated and read i justed and
reamed by his obedience on wide
it's like the Huns out there okay first
of all the cases she just cited are not
cases of sexual assault or abuse in one
the mayor of San Juan went out there and
had shirts printed that said we are
dying so she could go on national
television and rip into Trump no one
would have paid attention to her
otherwise and Frederica Wilson went out
there and talked out of school about a
conversation that really was between a
military widow and the presidents of the
United States and apparently you know
may have misinterpreted Trump's comments
so all of this is we were saying why are
these women angry not because they were
raped or sexually abused but because
they were getting political we were more
angry at what they were doing than their
anger and but the examples continue she
gives the example of Julie Brisbane
who's a government contractor who
supposedly lost her job after a photo of
her flipping off the presidential
motorcade went viral
she wasn't fired because she flipped off
the motorcade she was fired because she
made that her profile photo on Facebook
and Twitter and works for a government
contractor that's why she was fired and
then here's some other examples of women
who have been disrespected and their
anger ignored and just female identity
politics at its best then if women are
angry we don't have to ask why they're
angry or if the anger is justified we
just have to get out of their way and
honor their anger I don't own her
anyone's anger really I don't think it's
something to be honored and not to quote
Clavin too much today but and Clavin I
used the phrase I really like he says
anger is the devil's cocaine and I think
that's pretty much correct okay here
here's what it actually is so here the
other examples a female anger that we
have been ignoring Solange yes really so
launched Knowles okay we weren't
ignoring her anger she's beaten the crap
out of jay-z in an elevator I mean
that's that's what was happening that
Britney Spears
I don't recall when we were angry at her
anger I just remember her getting like
wildly out of control and attempting to
beat a beat on a paparazzi Shanaya
O'Connor
the Dixie Chicks Rosie O'Donnell what
does any of this have to do a sexual
assault or us disrespecting their anger
okay then it says we don't even have to
be angry to be called angry accusations
of being an angry black woman chased
Michelle Obama throughout her tenure at
the White House well I mean to be fair
in 2008 she did say that she was not
proud of the country until it nominated
her husband that seems kind of angry to
me and if you opportunity for speeches
in 2008 they were kind of angry later
she became behind of a model first lady
but at the beginning she had a very
different persona was very much like
Hillary Clinton in her early years in
the White House and then shifting
her later years to be sort of more soft
and cuddly and then she finishes the
decades-long smearing of Hillary Clinton
as an unhinged shrew culminated one year
ago when despite maintaining a
preternatural calm throughout the most
brutal campaign in living memory she
lost the election to masculinities
apoplectic ed okay so the the smearing
of Hillary Clinton is an unhinged shrew
is not really a smearing she's an
unhinged shrew okay like they're they're
they're been actual reports of Hillary
Clinton throwing lamps at her husband
okay Hillary Clinton apparently was not
nice to secret service members Hillary
Clinton went out and complained about a
vast right-wing conspiracy when her
husband committed perjury well well you
know sexually harassing the help Hillary
Clinton in this campaign there's tape of
her shouting into camera why am I not up
by 50 points we all remember when she
did a speech calling half the population
deplorable
okay Hillary Clinton is not a model of
preternatural calm you have to be crazy
to think this then she says this is my
favorite line like every other feminist
with a public platform and perpetually
cast as a disapproving scold but what's
the alternative to approve I do not
approve right because you're a
disapproving skull I mean like I like is
that the definition you're scolding me
and you're disapproving like what am I
missing here and then she says not only
on women expected to whether sexual
violence intimate partner violence
workplace discrimination institutional
subordination the expectation of free
domestic labor the blame for our own
victimization and all the subtler
invisible cuts that undermine us daily
we are not even allowed to be angry
about it close your eyes and think of
America rights like America raping you
right I'm gonna explain a little more on
how stupid this is one of the worst
comments I've ever had in New York Times
and then it was rivaled this morning by
one from our good friend I believes
Charles blow writing this the aptly
named Charles blow writing at the New
York Times here is but before we get to
any of that first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Birch gold
so right now if you're looking the stock
market and thinking maybe there's a bit
of a bubble maybe it's a little
overvalued don't get the real estate
market thinking the same thing if you're
hedging against the possibility of a
downturn you need to have some money in
precious metals and people I trust for
that out of the folks at Birch gold
group they saw physical precious metals
for your own possession they will ship
metals directly to your front door they
have a long-standing track record of
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group now to
request a free information kit on
physical precious metals and they have a
comprehensive 16 page get
tell you everything you need to know
about protecting your savings and again
moving your IRA or 401k out of stocks
and into precious metals if that's
something you want to do to get that
no-cost no-obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com
slash Ben use the slash man so they know
that we set you okay so there's a Lindy
West again this is endemic to the
feminists left this belief that anger is
the is the driving force and they have a
reason to be angry
she says the women are expected to
whether sexual violence who expects
women's whether sexual violence like
really who is it that says yeah when
they're getting great big deal the only
person I can think of is somebody like
maybe gates at least the the columnist
who came out in defense of Kevin Spacey
but who is saying that intimate violent
the intimate partner violence is okay or
workplace discrimination the expectation
of free domestic labor on even what that
means like I expect my mother I expect
my wife to actually help with the chores
um
I help with the chores too like then
this is part of being an adult like I
understand Lindy West doesn't want to
wash her underwear but stuff like that
is just insane and finally she says we
are expected to agree and we comply with
the paternal admonition that it is
irresponsible and hyper emotional to
request one female president after two
hundred forty one years of male ones
because that would be tokenism
anti-democratic and dangerous as though
generations of white male politicians
haven't proven themselves utterly
disinterested and caring for the needs
of communities to which they do not
belong okay so now she's saying that
we're a sexist if we don't think that
you should elect a woman based on her
sex which is sexist by the way and then
she says white men's monopolistic death
grip on power in America doesn't belong
the kind of identity politics they claim
to abhor as a competent qualified women
are so thin on the ground that even
concerted since you're a large-scale
search form to be a long shot and any
resulting candidate a compromised
no we just in killer was a crappy
candidate that was perfectly willing to
vote for you know Elizabeth Dole
you know I'd be perfectly willing to
vote for Nikki Haley are you perfectly
willing to vote for a bevy of women but
not Hillary Clinton so I love this this
is the very end of her column she says I
did not call myself a feminist until I
was nearly twenty years old my world had
taught me that feminists were ugly and
ridiculous well actually your column is
basically teaching the world that
feminists are ugly and ridiculous he
said I did not want to be ugly and
ridiculous fail I wanted to be cool and
desired by men even as a teenager by the
way I'm not speaking physical ugliness
oh talk about an ugly attitude I want to
be cool and desired by men because even
as a teenager I knew him
the pandering for male approval was a
woman's most effective currency it was
my best shot at success or least safety
and I wasn't sophisticated enough to see
the success and safety bestowed
conditionally aren't success and safety
at all what she's saying here is that I
should be as much of a turd as I
possibly want to be and everyone should
make way for me well maybe the reason
that you're off-putting is because
you're off-putting is that possible is
it possible the reason that you haven't
been as successful as you want to be is
not because of sexism it's cuz you're a
nasty shrew okay because this this
column reads like a nasty shrew can you
call yourself a disapproving scold
that's what this column is you imply
that all white men are out to harm women
you imply that all conservatives don't
care about women you implied that we are
using the superstructure of power in
order to keep you down I don't care
about keeping Lindy West even know who
Lindy West is I don't spend my time
thinking about Lindy West except when
she writes in the pages of the New York
Times and accuses people like me of
being sexist for no reason and then
