Senator John McCain dies the media
rewrites history and a mass shooting
takes place in Jacksonville we'll talk
all about it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show a somber weekend with
the death of Senator John McCain dead at
the age of 81 he died on Saturday I
found out about it right after Sabbath I
have a lot of thoughts also there's a
lot of fallout in the media sphere in
the political sphere we will get to all
of that first let's talk about your gun
rights the reality is that law abiding
citizens ought to have guns that are to
protect themselves from criminals and
from folks who'd want to violate their
rights this is why you ought to have a
gun too and this is your last chance
because if you'd like to hit the range
tomorrow with a brand new gun the u.s.
CCA wants to give you a free gun right
now they're giving away a different gun
every single day it ends Friday so you
are almost out of time just go to defend
your family now calm to get entered
right now you could get up to 17 chances
to win a new gun every day it could be
17 Kimber 17 Glocks maybe even that new
Sig Sauer but they are all gone on
Friday all you have to do is go to
defend your family now calm to reveal
the gun you could take home today it's
totally free remember not a lot of time
the gunner of the day always disappears
at midnight and it all ends Friday again
so hurry this is your absolute last
chance to take home one of these guns as
a law-abiding citizen you should know
how to use a gun and you should know how
to protect yourself and should have the
weaponry to do so go to defend your
family now calm to get entered to win
your free gun right now that's defending
your family now calm again defend your
family now calm the u.s. CCA does
amazing educational work also you can go
enter to win that freak on at all ends
on Friday defend your family now calm so
the big story over the weekend obviously
was the death of Senator John McCain
Senator McCain served for I believe 35
years in the Senate he became famous not
because of that but because he did five
years in a North Vietnamese prison from
the man truly was an American Hero
despite the fact that there are many who
would say otherwise for no reason other
than petty spite the fact is that anyone
who serves in uniform and then does five
years in a North Vietnamese prison and
then gives up their opportunity to come
home in order to maintain a solidarity
with the troops who are already there
that is an American Hero John McCain did
two years in solitary confinement under
the North Vietnamese under the Vietcong
when he came out he had essentially been
physically crippled his hair was
completely
here's a clip of john mccain talking
about his his torture at the hands of
the of the north vietnamese historians
have said that no american prisoner
arrived at the Hanoi Hilton in worse
condition than McCain broke my shoulder
and hurt my knee again and but look I
don't blame them I don't blame them
we're in a war I don't didn't like it
but at the same time were it when you're
in a war and you're captured by the
enemy you can't expect you know to to
have tea and so when he was he
crash-landed on the North Vietnamese
denied him medical aid and they stabbed
with a bayonet as well then they
proceeded to torture him for years and
years and years for information and then
they tried to leverage and they tried to
use him as a propaganda tool they wanted
to return him to the United States
because his father was an admiral and
thereby create the narrative that the
United States gave preferential
treatment to the children of the
privileged McCain turned that down and
instead stayed under the gentle mercies
of one of the worst regimes in history
the Vietcong that is American heroism he
then came back and he he answered the
Senate I believe in it woulda been 1981
and he was he was there for 36 years he
died over the weekend now does this mean
that everything that John McCain did was
amazing politically no I disagreed with
John McCain routinely most recently when
John McCain gave the thumbs down to what
they called skinny repealed the repeal
of large parts of the Obamacare package
including the individual mandate and he
said he did that because he didn't
approve of the way the Senate was
running he was a guy who was constantly
talking about the rules of the Senate
even though the Democrats were
constantly breaking those rules but John
McCain overall understood that America
was an exceptional place and he put his
life on the line in order to prove that
America was an exceptional place he
certainly understood the threat that was
posed to America by outside actors he
understood the threat that was posed to
America by places like Russia there's a
reason that Russia today basically ran a
bunch of smears against him or ignored
him after his death none of that is
particularly a shock Sarah Huckabee
Sanders actually said that John McCain
was an American Hero she was caught up
with by TMZ as she left Reagan National
Airport she said
Kane's death was a great loss for our
country and then she was asked if she
personally plans to attend the funeral
and she said absolutely
apparently vice-president pence will
attend the funeral Donald Trump will not
attend the funeral because he has a
long-standing spat
with John McCain Barack Obama and George
W Bush are both expected to speak at the
funeral and I want to talk a little bit
in a second about the sort of reason why
there are so many people on the trumpian
right who are very angry at John McCain
there are a lot of people who are
trashing his memory the day of his death
and I don't think that that is
appropriate in any way shape or form
President Trump did tweet after senator
McCain's death my deepest sympathies in
respect go out to the family of Senator
John McCain our hearts and prayers are
with you but obviously President Trump
was not a fan of Senator McCain and that
goes all the way back to early in the
campaign when he suggested that Senator
McCain was not a war hero which was an
abominable statement I mean by any
standard for Donald Trump to say a guy
who avoided the Vietnam draft and then
bragged about how his own personal
Vietnam had been avoiding STDs during
the 1970s while sleeping with various
and sundry women for him to say that
John McCain was not a war hero because
he hadn't been caught is because he
because he'd been caught is was an
egregious statement obviously and led to
a tremendous rift between McCain and
Trump from the very beginning according
to the Washington Post press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders chief of staff
John Kelly and other White House aides
advocated for an official statement that
gave the decorated Vietnam War powa
audits for his military and Senate
service and called him a hero according
to current and former White House aides
who requested anonymity to discuss
sensitive internal deliberations the
original statement was drafted before
McCain died Saturday Sanders and others
edited a final version this weekend that
was ready for the president the aide
said but Trump told aides he wanted to
post a brief tweet instead and the
statement praising McCain's life was not
released so despite the fact that Trump
had released official statements on the
death of John Glenn former senator he
refused to do so for John McCain and
Trump has no plans apparently to attend
McCain's funeral this is generating all
sorts of media headlines it's stupid
politics by the president it is just
from a political perspective but he's
dumb politics by the president because
he is reopening a rift in the aftermath
of a guy's death that is completely
unnecessary showing a little bit of
grace would probably be a much better
move here and this was exacerbated this
morning by the fact that President Trump
ordered the flags at the White House to
be re hung at the top of the staff so
the
normal rule but so by federal statute
the rule is that when a senator dies
that the flag is lowered for about a day
but the unofficial rule and this is the
one that we've kept too is that when a
sitting senator dies what you do is you
leave the the flag at half-staff until
the senator is actually buried if you
look at the pictures of the White House
you can see that the flag is back up to
top of the staff and I think the most
troubling picture obviously was there's
a picture of the the White House flag at
the top of the staff and there's another
picture that showed behind that you can
see the Washington Memorial the
Washington Monument rather and you can
see all the flags are at half staff so
while the White House is back up to top
of the staff the Washington Monument
they're still down at half-staff which
makes the president look really petty
whether or not you like John McCain
whether you like Donald Trump better
than John McCain it is irrelevant
this is not good politics it makes the
president look petty it makes him look
silly and there's no reason for him to
do any of that now the president's
honesty is one of the attributes that
people like about him it would have
looked dishonest if the President had
called McCain a war hero had called him
a war hero after not calling him a hero
and after ripping him up and down but to
issue some sort of gracious statement
and take the temporary hit I think would
have been well worthwhile I want to talk
about McCain's record in just a second
and why there's a perception on parts of
the right that this sort of kind of slap
it and McCain is is a is a decent thing
that it's not a huge deal but let's
flashback to a couple of things about
John McCain that I think are relevant
first of all let's talk about his record
so there's been a lot of talk today
about the things that John McCain's did
right and the things that John McCain
did wrong I would say that John McCain
was right on about 65% of issues and
who's wrong and about 35% of issues
those 35% loomed very large right
campaign finance reform was a case where
I was in deep disagreement with John
McCain I think that his plans for
campaign finance reform were actually
quite harmful to the American public
debate I think frankly they were
unconstitutional but John McCain pushed
those through anyway he was as I say
instrumental in upholding part of
Obamacare just in the last year alone
his his tenure was not unmarked on
traversée obviously his his henan tenure
began an 87 rather I said 81 earlier as
January 1987 and he had some problems
with scandal he was involved with the
so-called Keating 5 Charles Keating was
a banker that McCain had met while
working at Hensley and company and
Keating's associates at the Lincoln
Savings and Loan
give them money to McCain as well as
five other senators Keating supported
them in the hopes of preventing the
government seizures of his savings and
loan McCain participated in meetings
there was never any finding of serious
corruption there but McCain would later
go on to sponsored campaign finance
reform obviously McCain Feingold became
a real thorn in the side of a lot of
politicians and as I say I think a
violation of First Amendment principles
when McCain was very instrumental in the
kind of war movement in the aftermath of
9/11 I think that was right I think
McCain's statements with regard to the
surge in Iraq or eminently correct I
think who's more correct on foreign
policy than he was on domestic policy
but McCain did win the New Hampshire
primaries in January 8 2008 he ran a
campaign against Barack Obama that I
thought was quite luck well lackluster
but the things about McCain that made
McCain a class act in certain ways were
things like this so people are pointing
out this clip this is from the 2008
campaign McCain was at a town hall event
and a woman gets up and she calls Obama
a Muslim and McCain basically says no no
no we're not doing that I can't trust
Obama I I have read about him and he's
not he's not he's a he's an Arab he is
not no no ma'am no ma'am he's a he's a
he's a decent family man citizen that I
just happened to have disagreements with
on fundamental issues and that's what
this campaign is all about he's not
thank you and that was sort of who
McCain was McCain had a baseline of good
sense to him when it came at least to
relationships with other people in
politics but it's exactly that that led
a lot of people to kind of dismiss him
on the right because the reality is in
2008 he did run a lackluster campaign he
ran a campaign where he refused to say
truths about Barack Obama including
about Barack Obama's associations with
Jeremiah Wright and Bill Ayers it was a
lackluster campaign he shouldn't have
lost that campaign he did lose that
campaign because I think that his sense
of honor and politics overwhelmed his
necessity for victory in politics and
you can say some good things about that
you can also say some bad things about
that but it led to the feeling that the
Republican Party wasn't fighting hard
enough so what we really need is a
counter-puncher and so people who favor
Trump over McCain in that battle are
largely relying on the fact that McCain
was seen as sort of milquetoast in the
way that he went after other politicians
whereas Donald Trump is
as a guy who'll go no-holds-barred now I
want to talk about the media reaction to
John McCain in just a second because in
some ways I think that it is quite
revealing about who the media are when
it comes to Republicans generally but
first let's talk about your personal
comfort so there are a lot of ways in
life that you can feel rich without
having to be rich and one of those ways
is zeal comm you go to zeal it's their
iPhone Android app it's zeal Zeo and you
can select from top local licensed
pre-screened massage therapists you can
choose your favorite technique gender
preference time and location for your
massage zeal then sends one of their
10,000 licensed massage therapists with
a massage table music and supplies to
give you that five-star massage
scheduling booking payment it is fast
and easy
even the tip has included seven days a
week 365 days a year
as the Oh massage therapist can be a to
your door and as little as an hour so
it's supremely convenient I've used it
for myself for my wife for my in-laws
for my parents for my sister it really
is fantastic there's a reasons Yale has
been featured in The Wall Street Journal
the New York Times Vogue and on Good
Morning America bring the spa - you try
seal today today like their on demand so
you can do it like right now to help you
get started our listeners can get twenty
five bucks off their first massage with
promo code been that seal spelled z ee l
comm promo code been right now go to
zeal calm we're on seals iPhone or
Android app get a special offer when you
try seal today enter promo code Ben it's
get twenty-five bucks off your first
in-home massage deal is a fantastic
service you should try them out it's
sealed calm and use that promo code Ben
you get twenty five bucks off your first
in home at massage so well there while
the media are fulminating over the fact
that President Trump is disrespectful to
John McCain which is true the media are
suddenly experiencing a strange new
respect for John McCain the media
suddenly loved John McCain and I'd like
to remind you that in 2008 while John
McCain was running an honorable campaign
against Barack Obama the media were
calling him a racist they were calling
him a sexist they were suggesting that
he was a crazed old loon who was going
to land the United States in the middle
of interminable war right that was their
campaign against John McCain I remember
I was there I helped raise money for the
McCain campaign John McCain the heroes
AAA this kind of encapsulated Lester
Spence was an assistant professor of
political science at the Johns Hopkins
University he said this about Senator
John McCain's campaign rhetoric Senator
John McCain's recent attacks on Barack
Obama accusing him of being a terrorist
which McCain never did combine with GOP
columnists and bloggers arguing that
Obama supports painting the White House
black
and racial reparations represents an
embrace of the problematic Southern
Strategy the GOP has historically used
to increase white racial resentments had
spends who's african-american but as can
be seen in the most recent presidential
debate he's employing the strategy
selectively only among the GOP faithful
and that was the take of the media at
the time there are a lot of people in
the media who are suggesting that John
McCain was just as bad as they suggest
Donald Trump is today the media
routinely say whoever is the Republican
who is running for office now every
other Republican before has been decent
you wait after Donald Trump is out of
office whether it's in four years or
whether it's in eight years there will
be an the next person who they nominate
the next person Republicans pick will be
seen as worse than Donald Trump
there are you saying right they say
there they say about Mike Pence and if
Donald Trump were to be somehow depose
from office and Mike Pence were to take
his slot be careful what you wish for
because Mike Pence is more dangerous and
even more scary than Donald Trump
it is because the left slandered folks
like John McCain who was a moderate on
politics and John McCain was a moderate
Republican at best they slandered him
let's let Mitt Romney another moderate
on politics and moderate Republican at
best they slandered both of them as
racist sexist bigoted homophobes and the
Republican base responded by saying both
of those guys were nice guys who refused
to run a bare-knuckles campaign against
the Democrat so let's nominate the not
nice guy who's happy to go bare knuckles
that says it there's a to to
underestimate the effect that Democratic
attacks on John McCain and Mitt Romney
had on the 2016 primaries is to ignore
reality there are a lot of Republicans
who resonated to the fact that Donald
Trump was willing to take a hammer to
anyone specifically because they said
well we nominated a couple of genteel
folks and we had a genteel president
george w bush and you guys hammered the
living daylights out of those folks so
why wouldn't we nominate somebody like
Donald Trump now the cost of that is
that you end up with somebody like
Donald Trump as president in terms of
character who will also slander John
McCain but none of that is to is to I
think to grade the fact that the media's
attacks on Republicans like McCain led
to the rise of folks like Donald Trump
we're gonna talk in a second about what
exactly the media said upon John
McCain's death because suddenly it was a
different to so first of all I have to
point this out this was the best gaffe
of the weekend it was truly amazing
NBC News broke into Saturday Night Live
in order to announce John McCain's death
and let's just say that there programmer
is
not all that bright because it went
quite poorly here's what it sounded like
and again this evening the breaking news
NBC News confirming the death of Senator
John McCain our live coverage continues
