the New York Times unleashes a doozy of
a headline CNN defends antifa and review
last night's election results in Florida
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show Oh a lot to get to today as every
day but first let me mention to you that
you need to update your resume okay
let's be real about this your resume
it's decent that's good but it could
always be better because you need to be
adding skills all the time the idea that
you're gonna be a one company for 50
years and then retire with a gold watch
it's not true anymore and that's why you
need to be constantly adding skills to
your resume it gives you greater job
leverage it gives you greater pay
leverage and that's why you need skill
share skills shares an online learning
platform with over 20,000 classes in
business design technology and more you
can take classes in social media
marketing and illustration data science
mobile photography creative writing you
name it they've got it I've taken
classes in social media marketing it
myself from skill sure it is fantastic
their 45-minute class is taught by
experts whether you're trying to deepen
your professional skill set start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
skill share is there to keep you
learning and thriving go check it out
right now and you get a special deal
join the millions of students already
learning at skill share by going to
skill share calm and you use slash
Shapiro's skill share calm slash prepare
you get two months of skill share for
just 99 cents that's right again skill
share is offering my listeners two
months of unlimited access to over
20,000 classes for just 99 cents again
skill shared comm slash appear to start
those two months now skill share calm
slash up hero make that resume better
again skill show calm slashing Shapiro
okay so the media are absolutely
destroying themselves on the shoals of
their own political bias the clearest
example this doesn't even have to do
with President Trump today the clearest
example of this has to do with the
scandal that is now plaguing the
Catholic Church now as I have said I
think it is very important to put in
context the fact that the Catholic
Church which has obviously an
institutional problem with the sexual
abuse of minors is not unique in this
way there are lots of institutions
across the United States and
internationally in which abuse of
children is looked it's sort of
overlooked by people in power
specifically to maintain the supposed
credibility of those institutions the
Catholic Church just happens to be those
prominence of them and I think for good
reason because the Catholic Church like
other religious institutions is seen and
should be seen as a higher moral arbiter
the fact is that the Catholic Church
stands at the precipice between
secularism and religion and Jews
Protestants people of all other faiths
persuasions should be deeply troubled by
what's happening inside the Catholic
Church well to recap the Catholic Church
basically was experiencing a serious
issue in which a Cardinal named
McCarrick was accused of the abuse of a
bunch of minors as well as with
homosexual activity with a bunch of
seminarians as well he was accused by
one of his by by an archbishop named
Carlo Maria Vigano he's that the
accusation is that the higher-ups at the
church particularly Pope Francis
basically covered all this up that he
knew about this and that Cardinal
McCarrick was put into essentially a
form of private excommunication almost
he was basically ordered to do prayer
and penance for the rest of his life by
Pope Benedict and then Francis took him
out of that made him a public figure
again that was the accusation that was
made by the ghan oh and all of this
matters because now the media are coming
out and they are defending the Pope
they're defending Pope Francis Pope
Francis refuses to comment on this he
has not confirmed or deny that he knew
that this Cardinal was engaged in
homosexual abuses inside the church he
and there are two forms of abuse
obviously there's homosexual abuses
because it's against Catholic canon law
for priests to engage in sexual activity
of any sort and then it's doubly against
canon law for them to engage in
homosexual activity and then it is
triply against canon law to engage in
all of that plus children
well now that it turns out the members
of the of the upper echelon of the
church Pope Francis's greatest defenders
are coming out in defending Pope Francis
not by saying that Pope Francis fights
this kind of stuff within the church on
a regular basis instead they're fighting
back by suggesting that Pope Francis
should be given a pass because Pope
Francis is to the left on politics
leading the way is Cardinal blase cupich
blaze Koopa is the is one of the
Archbishop's I believe over in Chicago
and he is you know deeply tied in with
that with Pope Francis particularly his
comments on the scandal are absolutely
disgusting the Pope has a bigger agenda
he's got to get on with other things of
talking about the environment and
protecting migrants and carrying on the
work of the church
we're not going to go down a rabbit hole
on this how insane is that statement hey
we're not gonna go down a rabbit hole on
stopping child molestation inside the
church we have to focus on greater
issues like climate change and illegal
immigration those are the bigger issues
not the sexual abuse of minors by people
in positions of authority supposedly
representing God and Jesus no no what it
really it has to do with is protecting
the Catholic Church from allegations
that would stop their progressive agenda
now I've been a critic a longtime critic
of Pope Francis I think a lot of
conservative Catholics have joined me in
that criticism or rather I have joined
them in that criticism the reality is
that Pope Francis is a liberation
theology to believe that the auspices of
the church ought to be used to push a
sort of proto Marxist economics as well
as a social liberalism when it comes to
issues various and sundry he's not
changed church doctrine with regard to
abortion but he's been incredibly soft
on LGBT issues particularly on the
social side he's also been
extraordinarily to the left on issues of
climate change economic redistribution
and illegal immigration that comment by
coup pitch is so telling the Cardinal
cupich to say that the Pope has a bigger
agenda he's got to get on with other
things like talking about the
environment and protecting migrants and
carrying on the work of the church
that's an insane statement
it's an insane how insane is that
statement that Babylon B which is a
parody website they printed a headline
two weeks ago in which they said Pope
defends himself from allegations of
cover-up of child molestation by
pointing to climate change work it was a
parody headline and then coupe which
actually said the parody headline and
prosecutors are saying now it's not just
this one Cardinal Vigano who's accusing
the Church of knowing about all this
according to a state attorney general in
Pennsylvania the Vatican knew about all
of this as well this according to
Reuters the Vatican knew of a cover-up
of child sex abuse by Roman Catholic
priests in Pennsylvania through secret
archives at bishops in the state shared
with church leaders in Rome according to
State Attorney General Josh Shapiro no
relation though Catholic Bishops in
Pennsylvania systematically denied the
sexual abuse of thousands of children
over a 70-year period they secretly
documented the cases and often sent
information on them to the Vatican
Shapiro told to national news shows
Shapiro first made the allegations
against the Vatican during an August
14th news conference to unveils a report
on a two-year investigation into how
Catholic clergymen in the state
allegedly groomed and sexually abused
children it was largely based on
documents from the archives kept by the
state's six diocese he said he said
quote there are specific examples
well when the abuse occurred the priests
would go the bishops would go and lie to
parishioners lied to law enforcement
lied to the public but then document all
the abuse in secret archives that noted
share often times with the Vatican
Shapiro did not comment on whether Pope
Francis or his predecessors knew of the
information again the allegation is by
Cardinal Vigano that Pope Francis knew
all about them Vigano over the weekend
published this 11 page public statement
talking about Pope Francis and Pope
Francis's willingness to overlook all of
this and calling on Francis to resign on
the grounds that Pope knew for years
about the sexual misconduct of Cardinal
McCarrick McDonald said he told the Pope
himself five years ago a little more
than three months after Francis election
and Francis reacted badly to that and
put pressure on him in the opposite
direction was actually angry at him for
having revealed any of this stuff George
waggles his senior fellow in Catholic
studies at the ethics and Public Policy
Center in Washington DC He said Pagano
is a loyal churchmen if he is making
these allegations now in calling for
Francis's resignation it is for the
gravest reasons now how are the media
treating all this you would imagine the
media might be a little upset and
normally the media are pretty upset when
it comes to Catholic priests abusing
children right there is a movie that
just won an Oscar based on this very
spotlight was based on the Boston Globe
uncovering hundreds of abuse cases in in
Massachusetts archdiocese so the media
have been all over sexual scandals
within the Catholic Church for good
reasons and bad good reasons because all
of that stuff should be uncovered and
all of it should be brought to light and
that stuff should be I mean it's evil
and people involved should be prosecuted
to the fullest extent of the law the bad
is that it's pretty obvious there is a
disparate motivation in the media for
going after the Catholic Church as
opposed to say other religious
institutions that are more minority or
non religious institutions in which
sexual abuse has become a serious
problem like the American public schools
with all of that said the media were
were certainly attentive to this problem
inside the Catholic Church for years and
years and years and years and as I say
with good reason but in this particular
case they're not reacting they are not
reacting with the sort of outrage you
would normally see
rekted at the Catholic Church instead
their outreach is directed at the people
who are making the accusations they're
very upset with Cardinal Vigano they are
very upset with Catholics who are upset
with Pope Francis why because Pope
Francis must be protected at all costs
because Pope Francis is a political
leftist and this is a headline from
Reuters hey here it is I Philip pool
Ella defenders rally around the Pope
fewer conservatives escalating war
conservatives escalating war like really
that's the great fear here not the
Catholic Church covering up cases of
sexual abuse of minors not the violation
of Catholic canon law over and over and
over by top members of the church with
the knowledge of the top Vatican
hierarchy that's not the real issue here
the only real issue here is that Pope
Francis has fallen under assault this is
why folks don't trust the media and they
shouldn't trust the media because when
it comes to protecting their favorite
figures the media will rush to their
defense at the first available
opportunity whether it is Barack Obama
or Pope Francis they like Pope Francis
because they think that he is a liberal
when it comes to matters of
homosexuality and when it comes to
matters of climate change and when it
comes to matters of illegal immigration
and so they are rallying around Pope
Francis even though it now appears there
are significant credible allegations the
Pope Francis knew of malla station of
priests right that mountain that priests
were engaged in homosexual activities
part of this is that the media are
deeply uncomfortable with any attempt to
correlate the the problem of a
homosexual subculture inside the
Catholic Church and the problems of
targeting abuse of minors so the fact is
that Cardinal McCarrick the accusations
made by Pagano don't actually even
extend to the abuse of minors they just
extend to Vigano
basically having a bunch of homo sexual
affairs with seminarians and pressuring
those seminarians into sex the media
doesn't think that's a bad thing and so
they're angry that conservatives are
talking about that in the first place
they also are refusing to acknowledge
that there is in fact a correlation
between McKenna's activities in certain
areas and mechanics activities in other
areas and there are certain
uncomfortable truths that no one is
allowed to speak about the culture of
the church and the targeting
particularly of young males in in the
church they the reality is that he
disproportionate number of the victims
of sexual abuse for minors in the church
have been male which is a which is a
something that the media don't want to
talk about specifically because they
think that will then be used as a way to
club homosexuals and and and gay and
lesbian folks and tar them as innate
child molesters I don't think that has
to be done I think that you can point
out that there is a disparity in the
number of boys who've been abused in the
church and girls who have been abused in
the church without accusing all
homosexuals for example of wanting to
prey on children which is a bunch of
nonsense but the attempt to defend Pope
Francis is obviously very telling that
wasn't even the worst headline of the
day I'll give you the worst headline of
the day courtesy of the New York Times
in just a second but first let's talk
about managing your money betterment is
the best way to manage your money so the
reality is that if you are somebody who
has a full-time job and you just take
your money you stick in the bank you're
probably not managing your money the
best way you could be probably just
leaving it the bank account and hoping
that nothing happens to it but you could
be taking that money and you could be
allowing that money to grow and that's
what betterment helps you with they give
you technology designed to help you make
more from your investments unlimited
expert advice designed to help you make
smart financial decisions tax efficient
investing strategies that give you an
edge low transparent fees as well and
constant access to information and tools
that allow you to track progress toward
your goals so it's your online and
investment adviser you should feel like
a smart savvy investor I have a
financial advisor you should too and it
shouldn't cost you an arm and a leg
betterment helps you outsmart average
now investing does involve risk but Ben
Shapiro listeners can get up to one year
managed for free for more information
visit betterment comm slash capiro
that's betterment comm slash up here ob
et te RM ENT comm slash Shapiro again
this helps you manage your money in the
best possible way it's your online
financial advisor betterment helps you
outsmart average and get up to one year
manage for free at betterment comm slash
Shapiro that lets them know that we
selling you the worst headline of the
day was not the Reuters have mine
defenders rally around the Pope fear of
conservatives escalating war the worst
headline of the day was this from the
New York Times Vatican power struggle
burst into open as conservatives pounced
so this has become sort of a meme on the
right is that when you is that when the
media report on issues that are harmful
to the left it's never leftists within
the church defend Pope as he covers up
sexual abuse allegedly that's not the
headline headline isn't leftist in the
media cover for Pope as
under those allegations of sexual abuse
cover-ups that's not the line the line
is conservatives pounds so when it is a
grave sin on the part of somebody on the
Left it's conservatives pounds when it's
a grave sin on the part of somebody on
the right it's the conservative
committed the sin that's the way the
media covered these issues that's the
way the New York Times covers these
issues so when it's Duncan Hunter
involved in a corruption scandal then
it's representative Duncan Hunter of
California Republican involved in
corruption and then when it is a
Democrat when it's Senator Bob Menendez
from New Jersey when they're allegations
made about him of sexual abuse for
example or corruption when instead of it
saying allegations of corruption made
about Senator Bob Menendez it's
conservatives pounced on allegations
like why that news I'm so confused as to
why that's even news why is it news how
conservatives react to an allegation of
sexual abuse cover-up by the Pope isn't
the news the sexual abuse cover-up by
the Pope it's such an insane statement
you'd never see that in Reverse you
would never see liberals pounce as
allegations of Trump corruption mount
because then that puts the onus on
liberals to explain why they are
pouncing instead it's allegations of
Trump at the Trump corruption mount but
this is how the New York Times covers
the issue and here is the way that they
they have decided to cover this quote
since the start of his papacy Francis
has infuriated Catholic traditionalists
as he tries to nurture a more welcoming
Church and shifted away from culture war
issues whether abortion or homosexuality
who am I to judge the Pope famously said
when asked about gay priests that is the
first paragraph of a story about a pope
who is alleged who is alleged to have
covered up sexual abuse and malla
stationed inside the church the first
paragraph is about what a great guy Pope
Francis is for not paying attention to
social issues like abortion and
homosexuality is it possible that the
Pope's reason for ignoring some of those
issues is specifically because he does
want to focus on those quote unquote
bigger issues the left's likes and he
knows the media will help cover for him
that's not even the worst of the New
York Times article I'll get to that in
just a second so the New York Times
article continues says just how angry
his political and doctrinal enemies are
became clear this weekend when a caustic
letter published by the Vatican's former
top diplomat in the United States led to
homosexual occurrence in the Vatican
hierarchy for sexual abuse it called for
Francis's resignation accusing him of
covering up for a disgraced Cardinal
Theodore McCarrick that's an insane
statement how the focus is on how angry
they are oh wow look at these people
what's making them you mad bro that the
Pope was covering for sexual abuse
allegedly yes I'm angry yes Vigano was
angry yes conservatives inside the
church and liberals inside why is a
partisan issue why is the Pope covering
for sexual abuse a partisan issue by the
way it wouldn't be a partisan issue if
the Pope's name were Benedict
if the Pope's they were paul john paul
