while the nation focuses on scandal
other serious problems are actually
cropping up the latest updates in the
Trump investigations hand we will check
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
every day another piece of news and
every piece of news more annoying than
the last so much to get to today we'll
get to all of it first let's talk about
your second Amendment right so if you're
a law-abiding citizen you want to press
your family you want to protect your
country you want to protect your home
well then you should probably have a gun
and you should also know how to use that
gun and that's where the u.s. CCA comes
in right now you have a chance to win
big from the US ECA because the u.s. ECA
wants to give you a free gun right now
they're giving away a different gun
every single day this month but they are
going fast you're almost out of time to
win go to defend your family now calm to
get entered right now you could get up
to 17 chances to win your gun every day
it could be 17 kimber 17 Glocks maybe
even that new Sig Sauer they're running
out fast get yours right now all you
have to do is go to defend your family
now calm to reveal the gun you could
take home today it's totally free
remember not a lot of time the gun of
the day always disappears at midnight
they're almost gone so hurry it's your
big chance to take home one of these
guns
don't miss out go to defend your family
now dot-com to get entered to win that
free gun right now that's to fend your
family now.com again defend your family
now calm the occa also provides you all
sorts of educational and legal resources
that you need and want as a law-abiding
gun owner you should be a member in any
case go check them out it defend your
family now.com defend your family now
calm okay so let's begin with all of the
legal updates in the investigation into
president Trump and the Trump
Organization and in campaign finance
violations and and all the rest of it
there's a good piece today from Kimberly
Strauss all about the feeling that a lot
of folks on the right are getting that
this is all one-sided and President
Trump is among those who feel that this
is all one-sided that the investigations
into Trump have been consistent non-stop
and were never mirrored by any similar
investigations into the Hillary Clinton
Foundation or into hit the into Hillary
Clinton's emails this feeling that there
are a lot of folks who were responsible
for bad action on the left side of the
aisle but got away with it because there
was no specific special investigation
that was dedicated to them and there's
some truth to this Kimberly strassens
column today is all about this she
points out in the country has watched
the FBI treat one presidential campaign
with kid gloves the other with
informants warrants and eavesdropping
they've seen the Justice Department
resists all efforts and accountability
even as it fails to hold its own
accountable and don't get them started
on the one sided media and yet they are
now witnessing unequal treatment in
special
counsel Robert Muller's probe yes the
former FBI director deserves credit for
smoking out the Russian trolls who
interfered in 2016
and one can argue he's obliged to pursue
any evidence of criminal acts even those
unrelated to Russia but what cannot be
justified is the one-sided nature of his
probe now I think there is truth to the
idea that DOJ should be looking into
campaign finance violations for example
by the Hillary Clinton campaign as
Kimberly Strasser will explain in a
second it looks like there were some of
those violations but those are kind of
going by the wayside however it is
important to recognize that Muller's
original purview was Russian collusion
and all crimes connected thereto and
when it comes to Russian collusion and
election interference all of that seems
to be coming from the Trump side of the
aisle so I'm not going to blame Muller
for the Beretta for the breadth of his
purview however you can say that the DOJ
outside of Millar ought to be looking
into campaign finance violations by the
Hillary team so here is what Kimberly
stressfull rights and I think that she's
correct she says if there's only one set
of rules whereas mr. Muller's referral
of a case against Hillary for America
federal law requires campaigns to
disclose the recipient and purpose of
any payments the Clinton campaign paid
fusion GPS to compile a dossier against
mr. Trump a document to be game the
basis of the Russian narrative mr.
Muller now investigates but the campaign
funneled the money to law firm perkins
coie which in turn paid fusion gps the
campaign falsely described the money as
payment for legal services the DNC did
the same a Perkins Coie spokesperson has
claimed that neither the Clinton
campaign nor the DNC was aware that
fusion gps had been hired to conduct the
research and maybe so but a lot of
lawyers here seems to have been ignoring
a clear statute presumably with the
intent of influencing an election and
she points out also that there have been
prosecutions under the Florence agent
Registration Act which is what has been
used to to nail Paul Manafort and Rick
gates people who are acting as
essentially emissaries of foreign powers
without registering as such but Strasser
points out under this standard where are
the charges against the principles of
fusion GPS who Senator Chuck Grassley
have said to look to have been lobbying
on behalf of powerful Russians against a
US sanctions law with its payments again
funneled through a law firm
there was a sideline to its dossier work
but mr. Muller usually has no issue with
sideline charges so I think that she's
correct that there should be more
investigation into perkins coie there
should be more investigations into the
DNC however it is imperative to note
just in the interest of intellectual
honesty that when it comes to
president Trump and Michael Cohen
Michael Cohen is the president's fixer
Michael cones the guy who turned on
Trump that's the reason we're talking
about all of this right now
the reason we're talking about all of
this right now is because Michael Cohen
was the guy who was funneling the money
and he has now turned on President Trump
and admitted criminal wrongdoing the
same has not held true with regard to
Perkins Coie that doesn't mean there
shouldn't be an investigation but there
is a slight difference in the amount of
evidence that has now been leveraged
against President Trump and against the
and against the Trump Organization with
all of that said the breaking news today
is that the Manhattan district
attorney's office is considering
pursuing criminal charges against the
Trump Organization and to senior company
officials in connection with Cohen's
hush-money payment to an adult film
actress according to two officials with
knowledge of the matter a state
investigation would Center on how the
company accounted for its reimbursement
to mr. Cohen for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollars he paid to the actress
Stephanie Clifford who has said she had
an affair with President Trump the
official said both officials stressed
the offices review of the matter is in
its earliest stages and prosecutors have
not yet made a decision on whether to
proceed so presumably this would involve
state charges against the Trump
Organization or its executives the Trump
Organization involves members of
President Trump's family so it could
start to get very ugly for a lot of
members of presidents from family it's
also true that the state Attorney
General in New York hates President
Trump and is more than interested in
going after the Trump Organization does
this look like selective prosecution
does it look like they're going a little
bit too deep maybe but we're gonna have
to see what charges arise other news
connected to this is that Alan
weiselberger who's president Trump's
longtime financial gatekeeper according
to The Wall Street Journal was granted
immunity by federal prosecutors for
providing information about Michael
Cohen in the criminal investigation into
hush money payments for two women during
the 2016 presidential campaign according
to people familiar with the matter
weiselberger is the chief financial
officer of the Trump Organization so
he's been granted immunity the Trump
Organization again involves members of
trumps family so this could
theoretically reach into Trump's family
it could also be that we're only finding
out about weiselberger becoming an
informant for the government because of
the Cohen case in other words what
Weissenberg had to offer was bad
material on Cohen not about members of
the Trump family we'll have to find out
about all of that none of this is
particularly good for the president of
course and then the biggest story
connected with all of this is this kind
of bombshell
that has now been reported by the New
York Times and a bunch of other and a
bunch of other outlets that the US
tabloid newspaper is the UK Guardian
reporting the National Enquirer kept a
safe containing documents on hush money
payments and other damaging stories it
killed as part of its cozy relationship
with President Trump leading up to the
2016 presidential election people
familiar with the arrangement have told
The Associated Press the detail came as
several media outlets reported on
Thursday that federal prosecutors had
granted immunity to the national
Enquirer's Chief David pecker
potentially laying bare his efforts to
protect his longtime friend Trump so if
there's a safe filled with material the
media are basically outside that safe
like safe crackers from a bad heist
movie trying to break in to find out
what exactly president Trump's secrets
were now there is a general sense as I
say that there's a little bit of
unfairness going on that on one side of
the aisle there's an investigation that
is going on into President Trump and all
of his associates that is
extraordinarily deep that is that is
extraordinarily detailed that takes an
enormous amount of effort and the
feeling is why are we taking all of this
effort on what may or may not be a
campaign finance violation and that
effort pre-existed the investigation
into cohen right we have this whole
Russian collusion investigation there's
a feeling like this fruit of the
poisonous tree
on the right that the Russian
investigation began it was it was begun
on the on Bad auspices that basically it
was exacerbated by a bunch of bad claims
from the DOJ and Obama associates and
Hillary Clinton associates that was
pushed forward by people like Peter
struck and then eventually after
President Trump fired Robert Muller and
after of Jeff Sessions recused himself
then a special counsel was appointed in
that special investigator then proceeded
to dig into Michael Cohen as an
extension into that and it all feels
just a little too much I think there is
some truth to that especially given the
fact that the Obama administration
routinely ignored crime that was
happening within its own ranks the Eric
Holder was held in contempt by Congress
for not turning over documents and the
President of the United States Barack
Obama presented him with executive
privilege he shielded him with executive
privilege so the feeling of unfairness
on one side of the aisle is absolutely
true and I think it's absolutely correct
as well that also two things can be true
at once it can be that unfairness is
happening here that Trump is being
pursued in a way Obama never would have
been that Michael Cohen is being pursued
in a way no
Obama associate ever would have been all
of that can be true and at the same time
it can also be true that Trump is
possibly guilty of some stuff and that
the people around him are guilty of some
stuff and have already pled guilty to
some stuff so you can feel the
unfairness and you can also say that
something corrupt went on here now the
question for the moral person but if you
get to a kind of root values the
question for the moral person is do you
think that this ought to result in
President Trump getting off the hook as
sort of a stop to the fact that the DOJ
has become thoroughly politicized or is
the answer that we have to start
enforcing the law somewhere and if the
law has to be enforced against people on
our own side well that's the way it's
gonna have to go in other words do two
wrongs make a right so we live in a
political sphere where it is more
important that both sides be treated
equally by being let off the hook for
corruption or is it better that we
actually start trying to reinstate some
semblance of law enforcement in our
system and it's hard it's hard because
it feels like we on the right are
constantly having to basically suggest
that we are on a higher plane that we
are that we are going to play by the
rules while the other side doesn't and
one of the great irritate it one of the
right irritations on Twitter and on
social media these days is you see all
of these fools on the left tweeting out
stuff about how the biggest scandal
under Obama was that he wore a tan suit
one time in a briefing that is nonsense
there's a list as long as my arm of
scandals in which the Obama
administration was involved ranging from
the IRS to Benghazi to fast and furious
to the Health and Human Services
corruption to the Veterans Affairs
scandal in there a bevy of scandals
under Barack Obama a bevy of them and
yet they were treated as nothing by the
media and so the natural tendency of
human beings is to fight back against
that by saying okay well if you guys
aren't gonna play by the rules we're not
gonna play by the rules either why
should we abide by the law if you guys
are not going to abide by the law and
then when you look at the way the media
treat these issues you also feel a
certain sense of unfairness because the
media are all over American media right
this this National Enquirer tabloid
paper that had a close relationship with
Trump but how many newspapers were
covering for Barack Obama
how many newspapers made clear that they
were gonna do Obama's bidding the LA
Times in the run-up to the 2008 election
had a tape of Rashid Khalidi who was an
actual member of the Palestine
Liberation Organization is a spoke
for terrorist group and Barack Obama
honoring him at an event and the LA
Times refused to release that publicly
so the same folks who are railing
against the National Enquirer for doing
Trump's dirty work as well they should
be a lot of them were doing Obama's
dirty work at when Obama was president
so it feels unfair on that and also in
just a second I want to talk about what
the predictable ramifications of that
should be but first let's talk about the
software you use at your company when
you're dealing with a real
head-scratcher having a go-to person on
call is a no brainer and that certainly
holds true when it comes to figuring out
what software you should be using your
company to make your company more
efficient software advice has done all
the research for you their team of
advisors can point you in the right
direction so you can start working more
effectively right away and it's
absolutely free just go to software
advice calm /ban you answer a few short
questions about your business and then
you'll be connected with an advisor to
discuss the best software options for
your needs talking to an advisor takes
just 10 minutes or less whether you're a
medical professional a construction
manager and HR pro software advice will
save you time and help you make a more
informed decision you know that if you
look across the country the sort of
software a lot of businesses use they're
using like software from 1995 and they
don't and they think oh well how much
time it's gonna take me to relearn
software reinstall the software that's
cuz you don't know anything about
software which is why you need the folks
over at software advice they're ready to
be your on-call go-to team to help you
figure out business software in minutes
for free go check them out right now
software advice.com slash been to get
started that software at vice.com slash
men's connect with an advisor for free
software advice.com slash pen so as I
say you look at the media and the media
who are ripping on National Enquirer as
is well deserved the same media who rip
on fox news all day for being
quote-unquote in the pocket of President
Trump those media are in the pocket of
the left and have been for decades and
it feels unfair all this feels unfair
and that's driving a level of support
for President Trump in spite of the
credible allegations of corruption
inside the Trump campaign I have
sympathy for this position I do there's
an emotional sympathy that accrues to
this it feels like the DOJ let Hillary
Clinton off the hook it feels like the
DOJ Leppa rock obama off the hook it
feels like Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch
basically acted as Barack Obama's great
protectors while Jeff Sessions is not
doing the same for the President of the
United States and so why can't we just
play by their rules right that was in
fact one of the premises
of the of the Trump campaign was they're
not gonna play by the rules at the
markets of Queensbury rules let's just
nominate the guy who's not gonna play by
any rules at all who smashes every rule
we'll get the bull in the china shop
he'll go in there he will destroy all
the rules and then Trump won and it felt
like destroying the rules was the only
way to win and I think that that is a
predictable effect of the left's
decision to basically buck every rule
for decades for as long as I've been
alive and then insist that the right be
held to precisely those rules we're
seeing the same thing with the
impeachment talk today all the same
folks who are against Bill Clinton's
impeachment him now turned around and
said they are very much in favor of Bill
of Donald Trump's impeachment on similar
or lesser grounds it feels unfair it
feels like partisan hackery
but the question is is the solution to
partisan hackery more partisan hackery
is the country better off if Republicans
if conservatives start basically shying
away from the notion of a law
enforcement doing its job just because
the left has shied away from that is
that a recipe for a better politics is
that a recipe for a better country is
the way that we heal from all of this to
basically go along with the left's
premise that law enforcement should be
used as a tool of those in power or
should we recognize that law enforcement
should have a certain level of
Independence that law enforcement should
prosecute crimes as they come up maybe
that's the case we should be making to
the American people maybe the case we
should be making is look if this were
under Obama here to shut this stuff down
already
because the Democrats are more corrupt
but when Republicans get in power then
