well
it's good to be back on campus
oh this is nice last time I was in this
room I was to cry EBD ass right over
there
well the entire reset board stat here
and tried to explain why it was that
Israel deserve divestment but Iran
didn't the University for providing all
of the security arrangements which does
more to allow more people in the room
because one of the issues that we had
here tonight was that they wanted to
make sure that everybody was registered
so when they had turned away several
hundred people a little bit earlier
there were about fourteen hundred people
who signed up who couldn't come
apparently but hopefully that can be
rectified next time I haven't actually
seen this many police officers since the
UCLA basketball team went shopping for
sunglasses come to think of it last time
I went here so nothing has changed it
seems and in the last listen I graduated
2004 so in the last 13 years I'm always
grateful to UCLA as an institution I
graduated from here it allowed me to go
on and do I think important things my
wife graduated from UCLA she graduated
from UCLA Medical School my sister
graduated from UCLA so this definitely
is our home school ok so I want to talk
a little bit about the rise of campus
fascism and why that fascism seems to
have come almost solely from the left
here on campus Snowden's model and some
people on the Left are familiar with to
discuss what exactly fascism constitutes
in 1950 there was a Marxist theorist his
name was Theodore Adorno his member of
the so-called Frankfurt School the
Frankfurt School is a group of
expatriate German intellectuals with the
Marxist bent they left in the late 1920s
early 1930s from Germany to come to the
United States trying to flee the the
rising tide of hitlerism and Adorno
along with a couple of other University
of Berkeley researchers that he wrote a
book called the authoritarian
personality and this book has become
sort of a hallmark in in the literature
of authoritarianism in terms of fascism
people have used this book to describe
what makes somebody authoritarian
Adorno's theory was basically that
individuals who have fistic tendencies
also tend to come from authoritarian
backgrounds or tend to hold
authoritarianism
now some of this has been proved to be a
little bit flawed but the general
framework is not entirely wrong when it
comes to describing a certain mindset
that exists among people were more
likely to want to quash dissent the
problem for eduardo is that because
Adorno was a member of the left he was
deliberately trying to obfuscate the
fascism that so often comes from the
left he was trying to define fascism in
a way that actually excluded people of
the left so never mind that Hitler and
the Nazis were technically if he would
put them on the american political
spectrum there of the american left
there of the european right because
europe doesn't operate according to the
same guidelines that the united states
does so in Germany Hitler's movement was
of the right because it was in contrast
to the Marxist left but if you moved
Hitler's centralized government
perspective everything from health care
to finance into the spectrum of American
politics he'd actually end up somewhere
on the American left but Adorno felt the
necessity to draw a hard distinction
between hitlerism and Marxism and so his
description of what authoritarianism was
excluded authoritarianism of the left
but if you remove some of the some of
the leftist bias of his descriptions
what makes for an authoritarian
personality it's a pretty good look at
why people attempt to shut down today
what exactly makes somebody want to go
out there and violently protest not just
go out there and protest like I guess
there maybe 15 people out there tonight
doing that but it did not those people
are fine I mean the Democratic
socialists of America o'mine of them I
hope they're having fun but I'm glad
that some of you showed up by the way
thank you for showing up it you know
quick show of hands - I want to give a
round of applause to people who show up
who disagree with me before we start how
many people here disagree with me just
to start thank you for coming I
appreciate
it does take some it does take some guts
to actually come to an arena where most
of the crowds gonna disagree with you
where the speaker is going to disagree
with you and actually come to discuss
and debate the issues as opposed to
going outside and carrying around signs
and making lots of noise and pretending
you're important so I want to go through
Adorno's authoritarian personality I'm
gonna go through what he thought were
two sort of benign elements of what
makes someone authoritarian this is
called the California f-scale is really
what it's called because called a
fascist scale and there's a professor
named Adrian Burnham it's a professor of
psychology at the university college and
loves and he's broken it down into these
nine elements so let's strip these
elements as their leftist bias and then
we can talk about how they apply on
today's campuses so the first element is
what this professor and what is Wornall
called conventionalism rigid adherence
to conventional middle-class values so
for example obedience and respect for
authority are the most important virtues
children should learn now obviously
consider these rather left-leaning
perspective on how children ought to be
raised the idea that children the
obedience is not necessary in children
as the father of a three and a half year
old and one and a half year old I can
promise you that that my
authoritarianism goes without question
in my house at least for there at least
for their ages because if it didn't they
would be done I mean that's just the way
that it works particularly with young
children if they don't listen to you
then they kill themselves there they are
very difficult to handle but with all of
that said this idea that conventionalism
is restricted to people of the right the
conventionalism is just about booyah
middle-class values is just not true
conventionalism is about adhering to the
moral standard that is promulgated at
the time so on campus conventionalism is
not of the right right I'm at the center
here now normally across America if I'm
in Alabama that I'm a conventionalist
right if I'm in Texas I'm a
conventionalist
although in fire in Alabama I wouldn't
vote for Roy Moore but if I but if I
were but conventionalism depends on
where you are at the time so if you're
inside the institution like UCLA where
the conventional view is a very
left-leaning one then your orthodoxy of
obedience to Authority is conventional
so if you believe that the campus has to
be ruled from above by the
administrators who are going to tell you
what's right and wrong you are
conventionalist right so the inherited
values are not conventional middle class
ones here on college campuses they are
inherited values of the left and as you
see here on campus Oh
and respect for authority to the left is
required if you dissent then it is very
likely three and four times they attempt
to impose a policy where we have to pay
a specific security fee if less than 70%
of the people who show up in a crowd are
from the University campus three out of
three of the four times that policies
haven't been used it'll be used against
the dissenters because obedience to the
left obedience to Authority is key
so obviously this elements of
authoritarianism exists on the left on
college campuses second element is
authoritarian Submission uncritical
acceptance of authority so this
professor writes young people sometimes
get rebellious ideas but as they grow up
they ought to oh what they ought to get
over them and settle down so this ties
in with this peculiar perspective that
is arisen on some parts of the the more
mainstream left now particularly on
campuses that dissent is violence that
speech is violence when I was at
Berkeley there's actually crowd outside
literally chanting speeches violence
right that there's this uncritical
acceptance of the authority structure
and if I did not accept that authority
structure I was committing an act of
verbal terrorism this is why there's
always an attempt to shut me down when I
come on campus because the idea is that
the things that I say are so inherently
dangerous they're so dangerous and so
scary that they provide a challenge to
the existing mode of authority I mean I
sort of hope they do but they aren't
that dangerous okay none of my followers
have gone out and beaten anyone up none
of my followers have gone out and killed
anyone none of my followers are breaking
ATMs this is not what my followers do
and if they do then I immediately
descend them because they're not my
followers because this is nothing that I
preach but on campus the idea that you
have to uncritically accept Authority is
obviously true right this is why you
have speech codes and conduct codes and
every other kind of code it's why you
have kangaroo courts where due process
of law is not necessary kangaroo courts
ranging from political agitprop courts
where if you say something that offends
somebody get dragged in front of a court
for some sort of punishment - even some
of the title 9 courts you see people
like Laura Kipnis and Northwestern
University who's on the Left being
dragged in front of a title nine court
for daring to talk in politically
incorrect terms about sexual harassment
a third element is authoritarian
aggression a tendency to condemn anyone
who violates these conventional norms
and the idea that a person who has bad
manners and
that's inbreeding can hardly expect to
get along with decent people this is
probably the most common element you see
on campus this idea that all people who
disagree with the prevailing leftist
superstructure of thought they must be
cast out of decent society these people
are not you can't even talk with them
they shouldn't be invited to the cool
kid parties
you shouldn't have discussions with them
they are just bad people because they
disagree with you and we know that if
you accept the authority of the other
idea then disagreeing with that idea
makes you outside the bounds of
conventional society I mean it's the
equivalent of walking into a dinner
party and pooping on the floor if you go
in there and you just break all of the
rules then you're not welcome in polite
society and this is how conservatives
are treated on college campuses this is
the cheap method of converting
conservatives into being people in love
because if you want to go to the cool
kid parties if you want to be able to
associate with your fellow students if
you want to be seen as a decent person
and not as a bad person then you have to
accept this Authority and if you don't
then we will use these methods of social
ostracism in order to convince you not
that we're right but that you are evil
the fourth element is inferences
interception which is rejection of
weakness or sentimentality so you see
this a lot in sort of fascist countries
the idea that the businessman and
manufacturer are much more important to
society than the artist and the
professor so you see this there Hitler
is very much associated with this you
see this also actually in the Soviet
Union the idea that art is secondary to
work this is one of the elements that
Adorno I thought was key to
authoritarianism but what he missed was
the underlying thought structure for why
that is the reason that so many fascist
regimes don't like the artist and the
poet is because they're the dissenters
it's because the artist and the poet are
the people who look at the world in a
different and a dude in a new way
artists and poets are people who make a
life out of suggesting that there's
another way of looking at things and
that's why authoritarianism scans accept
them the authority authoritarianism
happy to sponsor art that agrees with
the regime I mean this is why famous
conductor Wilhelm furtwängler was was a
fan of the Nazis at least for a time and
the idea was that they were helping him
out I mean they sponsored Opera in
Germany they sponsored art in Germany
they sponsored particular types of art
the soviet union's did the same so
wasn't all artists who were thought to
be wrong it was the artists who didn't
agree with the regime so again this
comes down to compliance with the regime
this one this fifth
is one that I think is particularly
important on campus this is the
superstition in stereo teri oddity the
belief in mystical determinants of
action rigid categorical thinking this
idea that like someday it will shown it
will be shown that astrology can explain
a lot of things so superstition
dominates on campus because again when
to accept Authority you also have to
accept the superstition that comes with
this authority so this is why it is
taught in superstitiously rigid ways on
college campuses that you must never ask
questions that are politically incorrect
superstitions like the idea that men can
become women and women can become men
right there's no biological foundation
to this idea there's biological
foundations the idea of people who are
intersex there's biological foundations
the idea of people who have gender
dysphoria there's no biological
foundations the idea that a man who
believes he's a woman is actually a
woman there's no biological sex based
foundation for this it doesn't exist
because it's not true okay but this is
accepted as a as a fact of life it's a
stereo it is a superstition that we all
must accept just like walking under a
ladder is gonna bring you bad luck man
and men is not man the woman is not a
woman all of this is just gender assist
normative nonsense right you see this
with regard to questions about about
science in in global warming now I
happen to believe that the world is
warming but I think there are serious
questions to be asked about the
sensitivity of the climate to carbon
emissions these questions are being
asked by a wide variety of science
scientists right now there are questions
to be asked about the best method for
tamping that down where the market is
the best method but if you ask any of
these questions then you are guilty of
violating the superstition you violated
the religion I mean this is treated as
religious tradition on the Left these
elements superstitious religious
traditions okay as a religious person I
know what a religion looks like okay
this is what a religion looks like this
idea that if you violate the tenets of
the priesthood then you must be cast out
into the outer darkness okay sixth
element power and toughness
preoccupation with dominance over others
there's no question that this exists on
college campuses auntie feh is the most
obvious example of this the reason that
it was important for folks like me to go
to Berkeley is because the antifa had
basically suggested that we have locked
at with this is our campus right this
when you hear chants like whose campus
our campus right well it's not just your
campus in fact my tax dollars are
sponsoring you morons to go to this
campus but power and toughness
are they are the sort of underlying
notion for a lot of folks on the campus
left that we dominate this campus that
we are the powers on this campus and we
must not be challenged for all the talk
about pacifism the least pacifistic
people on campus are the ones who are
out there beating up supporters of mine
who want to come to my speeches the
seventh element that backs off fort
arianism the authoritarian personalities
destructiveness and cynicism and
generalized feeling of hostility and
anger yes this exists on the left in
fact the entire basis for intersectional
theory lies in this destructiveness and
this destructiveness and cynicism that's
intersectionality in the nutshell
intersectionality is the theory that we
can basically decide how valuable your
view is based on the group to which you
belong because the group to which you
belong has certain grievances against
the entire structure of America and
those grievances have to be taken
seriously we have to be angry doesn't
matter if you can show that you were
victimized or not all that matters is
that you can say the system victimized
your group at the system victim and we
can create a scale and we can create a
scale of victimhood and this is what
intersectionality does it basically says
that gay people are about black people
who are above Hispanic people who are
above women who are above Native
Americans who are above Jews who are
above Asians who are above white people
white males particularly these straight
white males so if you're at the very
bottom of that intersectionality grid
then your opinion is is of meaningless
value because you have no reason to be
angry but you do have a reason to be
angry if you're a member of one of these
other groups this generalized feeling of
anger and hostility it doesn't have to
be justified by statistics it doesn't
have to be justified by evidence it
doesn't even have to be justified by
solid anecdotal evidence that can be
backed up by evidence if you're angry
there must be a reason for it and
therefore we all have to kowtow to your
anger subjectivity over rules
objectivity you don't have to prove
anything to anyone so long as you claim
some sort of credit in one of these
grooves this means that your views are
justified and therefore if your views
are justified everybody else's use are
unjustified based on the nature of the
group to which they belong a project
ibbity there's a tendency to project
inner emotions and impulses outward in
the for example most people don't
realize how much our lives are
controlled by plots hatched in secret
places there is no more conspiratorial
group in America today than left us on
college
they believe that the economy is rigged
against them right income inequality
means that Bill Gates is secretly
working with Warren Buffett to rig the
economy against them is the Bernie
Sanders perspective on economics that is
almost as ignorant as Bernie Sanders is
perspective on foreign policy and the
idea that income inequality is is a
ineffective capitalism when capitalism
has literally raised 50% of people on
planet earth from abject poverty is
inane
but this conspiratorial thinking that a
bunch of people got together to rig the
system on but on their own behalf is is
a hallmark of leftist thinking on
college campuses white privilege another
one of these hallmarks this idea that
there's a big conspiracy to keep you
down if you're a black person in America
there's a big conspiracy people like me
are getting together in our protocols of
the Elders of Zion meetings after
dominating on Fridays and we are
figuring out how to keep the black man
down this is soup rooted supremely
stupid and not only is it supremely
