President Trump goes to the college
football national championship game Lena
Dunham breaks up with her boyfriend what
was he thinking for five years and
president Trump is called crazy by
everyone but is the 25th amendment
really a thing or not so much ben
shapiro
ben shapiro show
oh yeah so last night was apparently an
amazing national championship football
game I will admit that I did not watch
one single second of it number one
because I'm not a big college football
fan number two because I cut the cord a
while ago and I don't have any of the
alternatives to actually watch the game
but there's a lot to talk about because
of a lot of virtue signaling by some
folks on the left and president Trump
goes down and sings the national anthem
and the whole deal we'll talk about all
of it but before we get to any of that
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at bling cast okay so you
have a busy day you have a lot going on
you're in the car for maybe 15 minutes
and after you finished listening to my
show at 4 times speed you've decided and
now it's time for you to get educated
about something else what do you do you
turn to blankets blankets has these 15
minute blinks this great app they've a
15 minute what they call blinks in which
you can basically get the main points of
a book in 15 minutes or less it is
fantastic instead of you having to wade
through 500 pages of a book spend hours
at a time reading these books you can go
through four books in one car ride
you're in the car for an hour suddenly
are going through four books right it's
just fantastic and then the list of
books that they have on blankest are
really top-notch of books I mean things
like why nations fail which is a great
books out 600 pages I remember it took
me a few hours to read it it'll take you
15 minutes to get the same amount of
information because I don't remember
more than 15 minutes of information from
that book the same thing is true for
books like flow which is all about how
to make your life happier particularly
your work life they have books like
drive and Rich Dad Poor Dad all of these
things in 15 minute little packages they
are smart but they are not going to be
stiff they're not going to they're not
going to be abstruse all of them are
tailored just for you so that you are
getting all of the information in the
most entertaining possible way right now
blink as a special offer just for our
audience go to blink Escom slash Ben
right now today to start your free trial
or get three months off your yearly plan
when you join that's blinking bli n K
ist blink is calm slash Ben to start
your free trial and get three more you
can get three months off your yearly
plan I recommend getting the early plan
and getting the three months off you're
gonna want to keep it anyway
blink st.com slash Ben again use slash
Ben and that means that you are going to
be letting them know that we set you
plus you get that discount right you get
the the free trial or three months off
your yearly plan it's a great
informational resource and really
entertaining okay so
we begin with last night's national
championship game apparently the Georgia
Bulldogs lost the game in overtime to
the - to Alabama they - the Crimson Tide
and it was apparently a classic game but
I'm not gonna talk about the game
because I didn't watch him in into the
game what I did see was all of the
hubbub surrounding president from so
president Trump arrives at the game and
I think it's important to note something
for all the media coverage which is 95%
negative about President Trump probably
hatred of President Trump among
Democrats for this widespread sentiment
that President Trump is deeply unpopular
and no one likes him in places like
Alabama in places like Georgia Trump is
still a deeply popular figure and malice
in evidence last night at the Alabama
Georgia game or of course fans of both
teams were there and both of those
states are very red states so Trump
walks into the stadium and the way the
media covered this the press poll said
there was a mixture of cheers and boos
I don't see that what I heard and what I
saw from a number of different accounts
that were posted was there was almost
entirely cheers with a few scattered
boos mixed in here's what it looked like
when President Trump walked into the
stadium
Georgia and the University of Alabama
joined by our president Donald J Trump
okay so people were pretty enthusiastic
about Trump arriving it's a good move
for Trump to go to the national
championship game politically speaking
Barack Obama used to do this to every
sporting event he could find he went to
the baseball all-star game where he
threw out the first pitch like the girl
he he went to the I believe once the
n-c-double-a Championships at one point
or at least he used to go on ESPN every
year and talk about the NCAA
Championships used to appear before the
Super Bowl every year he was in front of
every camera he could find so for all
the people saying what is Trump doing in
the national championship game the
answer is that Obama did a lot of these
exact same things it's also against
Martin from to go considering that the
teams that were involved are going to
draw fans who are fans of his and it
wasn't just from showing up and walking
with ROTC it was also that he stood for
the national anthem so obviously this
has been a major controversy for a long
time in the United States whether they
should kneel or stand for the national
anthem
president Trump has stoked that
controversy for political gain for about
the last six months and presidents from
shows up and he stands for the national
anthem if you think that these imagistic
don't matter if you think the image
doesn't matter what Trump does that
you're sorely mistaken
people care much more about the
president signaling patriotism than they
do about the latest regulatory policy
it's one of the reasons Trump was
elected president one of the reasons
that Trump was elected is because people
perceive that Barack Obama was
uncomfortable with the trappings of
patriotism Obama was the kind of guy
who'd go abroad and talk about how all
countries had their patriotism he was a
guy who originally you recall was ripped
for not wearing a flag had enough until
he decided to reverse himself there
Trump for all the talk about you know
the problems with his perspective on
America and I've talked a lot about some
of the problems I think his perspective
on America holds Trump has a gut-level
patriotism or at least a gut-level
nationalism that resonates with people
him standing there for the national
anthem on the field with the members of
ROTC is smart politics and it plays with
a lot of his base here here's what it
looks like last night
[Applause]
and there was a that reminds me of
another image of Trump remember there
was an image where one of the members of
his of his honor guard at the helicopter
at the helicopter Air Force One I'm not
sure I can't run what they call it and
the guys hat blew off and you remember
that Trump went and grabbed the guys hat
and put the guy's hat back on his head
and there's a feeling that that Trump at
a root level likes the country and the
trumpeter root level doesn't feel scorn
for the country and that's the reason
for his popularity so Trump actually
stands there any sings along with the
national anthem now naturally the left
has to find a way to mock Trump so what
they do instead is they suggest he
doesn't know the words to the national
anthem this is all part and parcel of
their new pitch that Trump is not just
stupid he's actually crazy he doesn't
know the words to the national anthem
because he's mouthing along to the
national anthem Huffington Post made a
big deal out of this they suggested that
he didn't know the words and that he's a
fool of course here is video of Trump
singing the national anthem
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so this idea that and that Trump
doesn't know the words just silly
obviously he's singing the correct words
the reason that we showed a fair bit of
that clip is because one of the things
that's been happening is people are
taking this out of context and they are
and they're suggesting that he is
hearing the same music you are hearing
that's not the way that it works in
arenas like this he's hearing the echo
of the music right he's actually hearing
the music on the field and you the
audience are hearing the echo that is
played through the loudspeakers there's
a little bit of a delay I know this
because I've spoken enough big venues
that very often when you say something
what the audience hears is actually
being heard a second later and that's
what's happening here with Trump doesn't
matter the media is jumping on Trump
suggesting hitting other words to the
anthem that's absolutely asinine of
course from knows the words the national
anthem what I'm amazed by constantly is
the media's attempt to go out of their
way to paint Trump as stupid or crazy if
you're debating Trump is stupid or crazy
all you have to do is look at his
Twitter feed and then quoted a lot you
don't actually have to go to he doesn't
know the words of the national anthem or
he's suffering from early stage
Alzheimer's this is what they're now
arguing we're gonna talk in a second
about President Trump and the 25th
amendment but then this is this attempt
by the media to paint Trump as fully
crazy all it does is it makes people in
that stadium that people from Alabama
and Georgia think the media are out to
get from the reason being the media are
out to get Trump and do you think that
it's good for Trump were bad for Trump
when alabama's start running back beau
Scarborough no relation to Joe
Scarborough
is walking out to the field and very
much like Joe Scarborough starts
screaming f Trump at the top of his
lungs as he walks out onto the field
[Music]
right so you can hear it sort of there
he shouts F Trump in the middle of
walking out on the field while ESPN
cameras are rolling one thing that I
think Trump did quite brilliantly last
night apparently according to Clay
Travis Trump was was asked to interview
with ESPN on the sidelines and he turned
them down he told ESPN to stuff it
instead he did a local interview with in
with some local Georgia channel there's
some local Georgia radio channel and in
the interview with them instead of doing
the ESPN interview this is where trump's
populism or rightwell or trump's
populism orts is the feeling that he
cares about blue-collar people that he
cares about people who have been
traditionally ignored or or did or
degraded by the press from it does have
a connection to these folks he does he
has a feel of somebody who cares about
people like the people in that stadium
and that's going to benefit him and it's
one seat 20 election it's one of the
reasons why Democrats would be fools to
run anybody who has a white collar feel
as opposed to a blue-collar feel Joe
Biden would be a much better pick than
for example Kirsten Gillibrand Trump
still has a solid connection with a lot
of people who live in the Rust Belt as
well as in the south well in one second
I want to discuss with you the real
media push here which is that team Trump
is is hiding the fact that Trump is
legitimately crazy we're going to show
you the extent of the media bias because
it truly is astonishing and
demonstrative of just why Trump's base
is not going to desert him in 2020 but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over upside comm so when you
book business travel there's only one
way you should do it that's it upside
calm why because when you book at upside
calm you get the better business travel
experience they have concierge service
24/7 their team is hard at work to make
sure that your flight hotel rental car
all go off without a hitch they're
available on demand by chat phone and
email whenever you need them at they
monitor your business trip around the
clock they proactively keep you posted
on everything from the weather in the
city or change that you're going to to
changing your flight home so you can
adjust your meeting schedule it is just
the best level of service that you can
get plus when you book the room upside
calm you get a free pair of Bose
Soundlink wireless headphones which is
just awesome
so all you have to do for that is book
your first business trip with up side by
going to up side calm at /bin that's
upside calm slash pen and you can claim
your Bose that sound link wireless
headphones upside calm because you do
deserve a better business trip
the headphones are available while
supplies last you must be the it must be
your first offside purchase and there's
a $600 minimum purchase required but
pretty much any flight you take of any
length is gonna be 600 bucks anyway you
can see the site for complete details
upside calm the best level of service
you have ever experienced it's not gonna
be like the other travel sites where you
book your ticket and then they forget
about you and it turns out it's four
days later and you're still in Detroit
that's not gonna happen with upside comm
check it out
upside calm slash Ben it lets them know
that we sent you plus if you spend the
minimum amount then you get this this
free pair of Bose Soundlink wireless
headphones so make sure that you go and
check it out okay so the media
malpractice about from continues to to
push forward and as I say you see it in
things that are minor like the national
championship game and then you see it in
their coverage of the Michael Wolfe book
so Michael Wolf's book is still making a
lot of headlines the media simply will
not let it go they were in love with
Oprah yesterday but they're back to
Michael Wolf's book today Michael Wolfe
of course is this pseudo journalist who
basically tells anecdotal stories
without fact-checking them in any way
shape or form and he has this book fire
and fury which is no better than an Ed
Klein book you know ed Klein has written
all of these books about Hillary and
about Barack Obama mostly about Hillary
has been his sort of focal point and a
lot of people on the right will quote Ed
Klein or attempt to give credence to
rumors that Klein is passing around and
people on the Left say well he's not a
real journalist because he's not double
sourcing and then they'll go and they'll
pass around Michael Wolf's book they'll
pretend that Michael Wolf's book is well
substantiated that it's detailed that it
really contains the truth and you can
see from how the media is treating this
just how much they're lying about it so
I want to start here by showing you
Katie turns interview with Michael so
Katie tour of course over at NBC News
and Katy tur she demonstrates
full-fledged and so does wolf that the
media are engaged in complete and total
confirmation bias confirmation bias is
the is the phenomenon where you buy
information that already confirms the
feelings that you already had so you
didn't like Trump and say you're gonna
buy the story the Trump actually watches
the guerrilla Channel this is the thing
that happened last week there's a guy on
Twitter who called themselves himself
pixelated boat he's a parody accounts
and he tweeted out a fake portion of
Michael Wolf's book in which he
suggested that the White House staff had
been told by President Trump that he
wanted to watch guerrillas all day and
to the White House staff went and
produced a guerrilla channel which they
then had locally streamed into his TV
alone
Trump suggested that he didn't want to
watch the gorillas eating and mating he
only wanted to watch them fighting so
they cut out all the non fighting parts
oh it's just 24 hours a day of gorillas
fighting each other and Trump standing
next to the TV for 17 hours a day
watching the gorillas Channel and
yelling at the TV and urging the
gorillas to fight one another thinking
that he could control them so this fake
parody went out and a bunch of people on
the left thought it was real like people
on the left started tweeting out about
how Trump actually had constructed a
gorilla Channel it had something like
15,000 retweets people on the Left
thought that the gorilla Channel was a
real thing which I mean let's be real
there is only one gorilla Channel it's
in heaven and Harambee runs it but the
idea that this could pass around it can
only pass around really because there
are so many people who wanted it to be
true they wanted to believe that there
was a gorilla Channel the President
Trump had mandated and that he stood
that he sat scratching his head and
beating his chest and whooping to the
sounds of the gorillas fighting well
this is what the entire media are now
engaged in this this vast scale
confirmation bias so watch this
interview with Katy tour on NBC because
this is just a it is an exercise in
confirmation bias and how the media are
exacerbating it because that's not what
what sure I'm not I'm not in your
business I my evidence is the book read
the book if it makes sense to you if it
strikes the coif it rings true it is
true congratulations on the book and
congratulations and the president hating
it thank you appreciate your time sir
okay so a couple of things there that
are just insane first of all when he
says if it rings true it is true that is
the definition of bad journalism the
definition of bad journalism is if it
rings true it is true right and when
President Trump when he was then not
even candidate Trump was talking about
how Barack Obama was born in Kenya and a
lot of people said you know what that
rings true cuz Barack Obama kind of a
weird guy doesn't seem to hold a lot of
American principles if Trump it just
said if it rings true if it rings true
it is true you know what the media
would've said they would have said
alternative facts they said fake news
they'd have said that he's lying that
he's dissembling but Michael Wolfe goes
out there and says if it rings true it
is true that is not a journalistic
standard you've got to be kidding me if
it rings true it is true ok Michael
Wolfe is a joke and a pedophile does it
ring true I have no evidence that any of
that is real I'm a dad
he's not a really good journalist but I
have no evidence he's a pedophile but
this is ring true well what if I just
suggested that Michael Wolff likes to
kill puppies in his backyard I mean look
at the guy just look at his face
right does that ring true doesn't mean
it is true what if I suggested the
Michael wolf is actually Michael Myers
Mike Myers playing Michael wolf they
just shaved his head stuck on that pair
of glasses and now he's playing an extra
from Austin Powers does it ring true is
it true
again what stupidity and then for Katie
turn finish the interview by
