Democrats and Republicans condemn Maxine
Waters but is she the future Plus
president from throws one hell of a
rally in the Supreme Court helps out
President Trump on the travel ban I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so many magical things happening in the
world we'll discuss all of those magical
things in just a second first of all and
let you know that on Monday July 2nd 7
p.m. Eastern we will be joined in studio
by Jordan Peterson to celebrate
Independence Day daily where God king
Jeremy boring is hosting a new edition
of daily wire backstage with me and
Andrew claimant and the execrable
Michael moles to look back on our
country's birth and look ahead to its
future subscribers will even be able to
write in live questions for us to answer
on the air so that is Monday July 2nd
7:00 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with
our special guest Jordan Peterson and
you can find our special live stream on
Facebook and YouTube so don't miss it
check it out and subscribe so you can
ask us your questions also before we get
started I wanna say thanks to our
sponsors over at the u.s. CCA so how
would you like to hit the range tomorrow
with a brand new gun you are a
law-abiding Second Amendment loving
citizen and that means that you probably
should own a weapon to protect yourself
protect your country protect your family
protect your community well the u.s. CCA
wants to give you a free gun right now
they are giving away a different gun
every single day this month this all
ends on Friday so you're almost out of
time just go to defend my family now
calm and you can get entered right this
moment you could get up to 17 chances to
win your gun every day it could be 17
kimber 17 Glocks maybe even a Sig Sauer
but they are all gone on Friday so all
you have to do is go to defend my family
now calm to reveal the gun you could
take home today it is totally free but
again not a lot of time and the gun of
the day always disappears at midnight
and this ends Friday so again defend my
family now calm to get entered to win
your free gun right now to defend my
family now calm the USD see I provide
you all sorts of great services
educational services legal defense
services in case you actually have to
fire your gun and somebody god forbid
defend my family now calm is a great way
to register with the US you see a plus
right now when you do that you ensure
you have a chance to win seventeen
chances to win a gun defend my family
now.com defend my family now calm
alrighty so the breaking news today is
that the Supreme Court has upheld
president Trump's travel ban it was not
a travel ban according to the Trump
administration but it was a travel ban
for particular countries there were
seven different countries from which
travel was essentially banned because we
could not vet people who are coming in
from those countries in a 5-4 decision
the Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld
president Trump's temporary travel ban
affecting several countries recognized
as state sponsors of terrorism according
to emily Zanotti over a Daily wire Chief
Justice John Roberts wrote the opinion
and it appears both justice Neel Gorsuch
and Justice Anthony Kennedy
the majority Henning president Trump's
Justice Department a win on the issue
the courts language was strong Roberts
wrote the opinion he noted that the
president quote lawfully exercised the
broad discretion granted to him under
Section 1182 F to suspend the entry of
aliens into the United States and the
President of the United States does have
plenary power to suspend immigration in
this sort of fashion for security
purposes the court also noted that the
president's interest in preserving
national security particularly in light
of terrorism concerns overrides concerns
pertaining to the free exercise of
religion has codified in the First
Amendment's Establishment Clause that
was always a stupid argument the
argument that the First Amendment
Establishment Clause applies to people
who are not American citizens so if you
are in Iran and you want to get into the
United States and we say well we're
banning certain religions as bad as that
policy would be as stupid as that policy
would be it doesn't violate the First
Amendment you're not a citizen it can't
just be somebody in the middle of a hill
Afghanistan in Afghanistan and you say
well you're violating my First Amendment
rights you don't have First Amendment
rights under the Constitution of the
United States the court stuck to the
traditional strict scrutiny standard
writing the president must have
compelling reason to over to override
guarantees of religious freedom in the
case of the travel ban it's entirely
possible that the danger of importing
known terrorists or supporters of terror
outweighs potential First Amendment
concerns opponents of the band had asked
the court to apply a rational basis
standard the court did not appear to
agree on the matter even considering the
president's tweet about Islam so there
are all these courts these lower courts
that had quoted President Trump
suggesting that he was a bigot and
that's what was motivating all of this
and the court said listen he can't just
cite a bunch of presidential tweets or
presidential candidate tweets in support
of the proposition that a piece of
legislation is inherently bad you
actually have to show that the
legislation violates the Constitution
this piece of legislation or at least
this regulation from the executive
branch did not violate the Constitution
and thus president Trump's travel ban
stands at least for the moment according
to the Supreme Court's that of course is
a win for president Trump meanwhile the
continuation of the of the mob
discussion is it continues forthwith so
all of the focus on people who are
protesting Trump administration
officials at restaurants and trying to
get them thrown out of restaurants and
and shouting outside of people's homes
and intimidating people in public places
you recall yesterday we talked about
Maxine Waters representative from
California who went out there and said
that you should have mobs basically run
people
gas stations and get them and not to
participate in public life by screaming
at them using these intimidation tactics
a lot of folks on the Left have said
this is a bad idea which is good for
them right that's that's exactly right
these tactics are stupid it turns out
that even the redheaded story the story
about Sarah Huckabee Sanders going into
a red hen in Lexington Virginia and
being turned away with her family it
didn't actually end there according to
Sarah Huckabee Sanders employees at the
red hen then followed her to the next
restaurant where they attempted to
heckle her at a restaurant that was not
their own which as I said yesterday is
even worse than a restaurant owner just
throwing somebody out for politics
actually going to somebody else's
restaurant heckling somebody until they
leave is a is a is close to a brown
shirt tactic and in in public life it is
it is a nasty nasty tactic that has been
used by sort of mobs everywhere in order
to intimidate people into not getting
involved in politics well people on both
sides of the aisle have now condemned
this Sarah Huckabee Sanders yesterday
she slammed Maxine Waters for pushing
for exactly this sort of mob action here
was the White House press secretary
debate on ideas and political philosophy
is important but the calls for
harassment and push for any Trump
supporter to avoid the public is
unacceptable America is a great country
and our ability to find solutions
despite those disagreements is what
makes us unique okay all of that is fine
and she's exactly right the Democrats
top Democrats are saying the same thing
Chuck Schumer came out and Ken condemned
Maxine Waters here's what he had to say
I strongly disagree with those who
advocate harassing folks if they don't
agree with you if you disagree with the
politician organize your fellow citizens
to action and vote them out of office
but no one should call for the
harassment of political opponents that's
not right that's not American okay and
that of course is exactly right good for
Chuck Schumer for saying that the Senate
Minority Leader even Nancy Pelosi the
the house Minority Leader she came out
and said the same thing condemning
Maxine water she said in the crucial
months ahead we must strive to make
America beautiful again Trump's daily
lack of civility has provoked responses
that are predictable but unacceptable as
we go forward we must conduct elections
in a way that achieves unity from sea to
shining sea so she's correct about this
that we actually need to to return to
civility but there is something in her
comment here that is telling and it's
the reefs
we're not going to return disability
anytime soon what she says is that
Trump's daily lack of civility has
provoked responses that are predictable
but unacceptable this is all Trump's
fault
a mentality that suggests that lack of
civility on the other side is the real
problem generally allows people on your
side to act with lack of civility so
there's a lot of good psychological
studies that suggest that if you believe
you are a victim you are more likely to
act out against somebody else every
victimizer believes at root that they
are a victim Hitler believed that he was
a victim of the world he believed that
the Jews were victimizing his country
and so he was therefore justified in
acting out very rare that you find
somebody who's an aggressor who doesn't
claim that they were acting in some sort
of vague sense of self-defense
well this is what Democrats are doing
now Democrats are basically suggesting
that Trump started all of this and Trump
meanwhile is suggesting that Democrats
started all of this now I think the
Democrats got uncivil long before
Republicans did I think they were deeply
uncivil during the Bush administration
when they're calling Bush Hitler I think
that President Obama was uncivil in the
way that he was fomenting riots in
places like Ferguson Missouri and
Baltimore Maryland but does that and
does that mean that we have an excuse
for exacerbating the incivility I don't
think so because the bottom line is that
we can now have this reactionary
back-and-forth of incivility across the
political aisle as long as we want to do
it I just don't think that's gonna make
the country better in any way but my
argument is likely to lose because I'm
saying that we should take a moral high
ground here that we should take a stand
in favor of civility that even if
somebody is attempting to protest you
and destroy your and destroy you by
going into a restaurant and yelling at
you that this is not an excuse for you
to do the same thing to people on the
other side of the aisle I understand the
tenor in popular perspective right now
and this is how you have entire
political parties that are captured by a
base so while you have Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi condemning Maxine Waters I
really think that Maxine Waters is the
future of the Democratic Party in just
the same way that you saw Democrats
during 2008 2012 2016 suggesting that
Bernie Sanders was too radical and then
Bernie Sanders took over the entire base
I think the same thing holds true here
Maxine Waters is channelling the most
extreme side of the Democratic base and
that extreme side of the Democratic base
has a lot of emotion behind it and even
people in the mainstream of the
Democratic Party they may disagree with
the tactics but they agree with the
sentiment and so I think Maxine water
it's in the end he's probably gonna win
this one in the long run I don't think a
return to civility is in the cards
anytime soon
here's Maxine Waters who is expressing
exactly what I'm talking about blaming
Trump for her own nasty and evil actions
here why the president chose to stretch
that out and and try to imply that I was
causing harm as a matter of fact the
president calls for more violence than
anybody else but let's not talk about
that
okay so Maxine Waters again saying that
it's totally okay for her to call for
violence or mob action because Trump she
thinks called for violence or mob action
then President Trump has responded
basically in kind right president Trump
has suggested that there would be
consequences for what Maxine Waters had
to say that there'd be backlash none of
this is good stuff and as I say I think
Maxine Waters represents a serious
portion of the Democratic base and the
most passionate portion of the
Democratic base and the part of the
Democratic base that a lot of these
politicians like Schumer and Pelosi
eventually will have to bow to so for
example John Legend who is I think more
representative of the base in many ways
the Nancy Pelosi he tweeted out let's
make a deal with the Trump
administration reunite all these
families immediately and you can go out
to eat whatever the bleep you want in
other words do what we want or we're
going to use tactics of intimidation and
John Legend is of course a very popular
figure simul and Sanders on CNN she said
yesterday that all these people who are
talking about civility including Nancy
Pelosi including people like Chuck
Schumer the only reason they're talking
about civility is because civility is
just another instance of white privilege
there is something to be said about that
the folks calling for civility might
need to check their privilege and so
where's the civility in the press
briefing room Jake where is this ability
at the border for these children and so
and this conversation about civility is
completely one-sided and skewed how is
it one-sided and skewed going into
restaurants and shouting people out of
restaurants going in people's homes and
protesting outside their homes how
exactly is that skewed why is that an
element of white privilege it seems to
me that of all the people in the United
States who shouldn't like mob action
black folks should be high on that list
considering how mob action resulted in
in tremendous suffering for black people
for literally a century and a half in
this country I think then that then
makes no sense to me well yeah the worst
instances of mob action in this
country's history have been actions that
were taken in the in the Jim Crow South
during the 1910s 20s and 30s and yet
Simone Sanders says
to oppose that to oppose mob action is
some sort of white privilege I just I
don't see that at all I don't understand
how that works
Ashley Nicole who Ashley Nicole and
Nicole black she tweeted something out
similarly this is a tweet 15 this is a
writer I believe for Jimmy Kimmel and
Sheree oh hello I didn't see you there
civility is a tool of white supremacy
okay cool bye which is a weird tweet
that I should tweeted that out some
Samantha bee right or rather civility is
a tool of white supremacy no civility is
a tool of having a decent Republic we
can't have a decent republic if we can't
have conversations with one another but
again I think that the capture of the
base is nearly complete I'm gonna talk a
little more about that in just a second
first I want to talk about what you
should be doing to protect your money
and one of the things you should be
doing to protect your money is allowing
somebody who really knows what to do
with money to help you handle your money
that's what betterment is for they're
the largest online financial advisor
they're designed to help customers build
wealth plan for retirement and achieve
their financial goals their mission is
to help customers make the most of their
money they take it complex investments
investing strategies and these
technology to make them more efficient
so I have a financial advisor I send all
my money to a financial advisor my
financial advisor does all sorts of work
for me and then I never have to think
about my money again
that's what betterment is there to do
for you they have low fees nowhere do
they have hidden costs no matter who you
are how much money you invest you get
everything for a low transparent
management fee and advice is also in
your best interests as a fiduciary they
make recommendations and clients best
interest they're not incentivized to
recommend particular funds they don't
have their own investment products to
sell over at betterment and they'll
provide you tools to help you understand
how you're doing so they offer
personalized advice a suite of tools to
help you know whether you're on track to
hit your investing goals or get the
retirement you want if you are young and
you're planning for the future there is
no question you should have a financial
advisor and betterment helps make it
easy ben shapiro show listeners can get
up to one year manage for free for more
information go to betterment comm slash
shapiro that's better mint.com slash
apparel can be tter m ENT comm slash
capiro use that slash capiro
you get up to one year manage for free
betterment comm slash shapiro check it
out okay so as I say I think there's a
lot of talk on the Democratic side of
the aisle from the leadership about
let's not get violent let's not engage
in this sort of mass action let's not
get uncivil but I don't think that
that's the way this is gonna go I think
that incivility is now seen as a tool of
the passionate
civility is seen as a tool of the
establishment if you are civil if you
are decent to other people because our
politics has gotten so contentious this
means you don't care enough and we now
gauge our politicians not along the
lines of what they get done or how
effective they are we gauge them along
the lines of how much they care we see
authenticity and anger we see
authenticity in rage we see authenticity
in you going out there and shouting at
the moon this makes you a more authentic
politician Nancy Pelosi sees fake Chuck
Schumer is fake but Maxine Waters she's
real she's aunty Maxine she has daddy
Maxine sitting around your kitchen table
telling you how you ought to go to a gas
station and harass somebody until they
leave so I have my serious doubts that
this genie can be put back in the bottle
and by the way I'm not sure that the
genie can be put back in the bottle from
the right because there are a lot of
people on the right who are calling for
civility today a lot of people on the
right who are suggesting that we need to
be more civil to one another and that is
not the the tenor of the Republican
Party at this point that is not the
tenor of President Trump that is not the
tenor of a lot of the people who are big
fans of President Trump the thing they
like best about President Trump is that
he is uncivil again because they think I
think rightly so that Republicans have
been punched so often they need someone
who's going to punch back the problem is
there's a difference between punching
you can punch in civil fashion I know
that sounds contradictory but it's not
you can be polite and still say things
that really gut the opponent and then
there's punching wildly and making the
