Robert Muller offers Tony Podesta a very
special deal president Trump prepares
for a second prudent meeting and we
checked the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
what a week folks got to tell you what
went on this week and there's a lot more
to come on today's show but first I want
to remind you that the job that you
currently hold in ten years you're not
going to be holding it in five years if
the studies show what they show then you
probably won't be holding it either
which means that you need to be
constantly revising and updating your
resume Skillshare is the place that
allows you to do this by adding new
skills every single day to your skillset
Skillshare is an online learning
platform with over 20,000 classes in
business design technology and more you
can take classes and everything from
social media marketing and illustration
to data science and mobile photography
you name it they've got it in all their
classes are like 45 minutes long taught
by experts whether you're trying to
deepen your professional skill set or
start a side hustle or just explore that
new passion skill share is there to keep
you learning it and thriving I've taken
classes from them in both social media
marketing and watercolours I'm diverse
that way go check it out it's really
awesome join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just for my
listeners get two months of Skillshare
for just 99 cents right now Skillshare
is offering ben shapiro shell listeners
two months of unlimited access to over
20,000 classes for just 99 cents to sign
up go to Skillshare comm slash Shapiro
that skill shared comm slash reparo to
start your two months right now again
Skillshare comm slash appear I'll use
that slash appear oh let them know that
we sent you okay I want to talk today a
little bit about a story that no one is
talking about and it really is a
disturbing story because it suggests
where the right in the country is headed
I don't mean the trumpian right the evil
right I'm talking about the pansy right
I'm talking about their folks on the
right who will run from any controversy
because they are deeply afraid of being
miscast as a racist sexist bigoted
homophobe and someone who's frequently
miscast this way I got to tell you the
only way to stand up to the social
justice mob is to simply stand up to
them and say I'm not those things that
you're full of crap it's the only way to
do it but with that said there's a story
that really went unnoticed this week
that is pretty disturbing to me here is
the story it's from Oregon live it says
this US Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell on Thursday suddenly announced
the withdrawal of Oregon federal
prosecutor Ryan bounds his controversial
nomination for a vacancy on the ninth US
Circuit Court of Appeals the 9th Circuit
Court of Appeals is the most liberal
Circuit Court of Appeals in the country
and this replacement was for a pretty
conservative judge on the 9th Circuit
Court of Appeals the move came about 45
minutes after a Senate vote had been
scheduled to confirm bounds McConnell
offered no explanation
but Oregon's senators later said it
became apparent Republicans didn't have
the vote so what did this judge do that
prevented his nomination to the 9th
Circuit Court of Appeals he's 44 years
old and he had an opportunity to be
sitting on this court for a very very
long time so what did he do that was
just so terrible that Republicans could
not support him
well according to Oregon live he hadn't
disclosed inflammatory college writings
about sexual assault the rights of
workers people of color and the LGBTQ
community to the Oregon committee when
questioned about his thoughts on
diversity or if there was anything
embarrassing from his past perhaps
because he's 44 and he wrote this crap
when he was 18 or 19 and the second
we're gonna go through those writings
and we'll try to determine what if
anything that he said is so offensive
that literally 25 years later he should
not be allowed to sit on one of the
nation's courts both Ron Wyden and Jeff
Merkley of Oregon repeatedly warned the
Republican colleagues that a
confirmation of bounds would signal an
end to bipartisan cooperation in
judicial nominations pending one hundred
and one year custom okay first of all
there is no bipartisan cooperation in
judicial nominations Republicans have
simply been voting by straight majority
to confirm all of these nominees
it was Harry Reid who ended the policy
of judicial confirmations as a
bipartisan exercise during the Bush
years and then it was Harry Reid who
again decided it would be a wise and
brilliant idea to end the filibuster for
judicial nominees so there hasn't that
this idea there's been judicial
nomination confirmation bipartisanship
is just nonsense it hasn't been true for
a very long time Wyden said I'm
gratified that the Senate has come to
its senses and that longtime proven
practices of bipartisanship for judicial
nominations have prevailed over partisan
efforts to force through a deeply flawed
and compromised nominee Wyden said I
think there's going to affect other
nominees and strengthen the whole advice
and consent rule for members of the US
Senate it's going to be good for the
nominees being truthful I think it's a
win for the Oregon way he says it wasn't
a complete surprise because several
Republicans were looking carefully at
this but on the other hand we knew a lot
of pressure we brought to bear this was
a nominee from the Fed Society the
Federalist Society which has
extraordinarily huge leverage in driving
through nominees so according to my
sources in the Judiciary Committee as
well as Senator Tim's as well as this
this open report from Oregon Live
senator Tim Scott of South Carolina
who's normally a really good senator the
Republican caucuses lone black senator
appears to have been a pivotal no vote
in a statement Scott said he couldn't
support bounds of his name went to a
vote Thursday after meeting with him he
said after talking with the nominee
last night and meeting with him today I
had unanswered questions that led to me
being unable to support him so does
Scott actually believe that this nominee
was a racist does this mean that he was
a racist so according to the reports
Merkley said he had heard that bounds
would be defeated by about 70 votes
including the 49 Democratic senators of
his nomination been put to a vote why
exactly was he was he shut off now let's
look at the text of what he said all the
way back when he was hit when he was at
Stanford University in 1995 when he was
19 years old so here are some of the
excerpts that were cited by the Alliance
for justice which is a far left group
attempting to get this guy to prevent
him from sitting on a court again he's
written 25 years ago and this is the
stuff that prevented a guy from sitting
on a federal court because Republicans
were too pansy to actually just confirm
the guy so here's what he wrote during
my years in our multicultural Garden of
Eden again this is 1995 at Stanford I
have often marveled at the odd
strategies that some of the more
strident racial factions of the student
body employ in their attempts to
heightened consciousness build tolerance
promote diversity and otherwise convince
us to partake of that fruit which
promises to open our eyes to a PC
version of the knowledge of good and
evil I'm mystified because these tactics
seem always to contribute more to
restricting consciousness aggravating
intolerance and pigeonholing cultural
identities than many a Nazi book-burning
that's bad I'm confused that's true okay
that part's actually true
multiculturalism on campus is a way for
people to pigeonhole each other into
various racial categories and then to
shut down free thought so that's not
wrong even if you think it's mildly
overstated that is you're gonna keep
them off a court for that how about this
one I submit that the multicultural
lease does when they divide up by race
for their feel-good ethnic hoedowns
engage in nearly all of the fundamental
behaviors of groupthink because they do
okay I've been on college campuses this
is what happens it is group thing okay
if a black person is an individualist
and a thoroughgoing capitalist to his
shoes victimhood status and it's
concomitant entitlements race thinkers
are quick to brand him and bounds them
listed out to rocket Ori terms that are
often used including sellout again I'm
confused
this is why Republicans wouldn't vote
for this guy for the Ninth Circuit Court
of Appeals because he said two things
about multiculturalism
he said the existence of ethnic
organizations is no inevitable
prerequisite to maintaining a diverse
community white students after all seem
to be doing all right without an area in
Student Union okay
he's making the case against an Aryan
Student Union that's not a case in favor
of an Aryan Student Union
he's saying that when you divide people
up by ethnicity what you are actually
doing on college campuses is preventing
everybody from seeing each other as
equals and as Americans again true okay
so none of those things should rule this
guy off the court what else well he said
there's nothing really inherently wrong
with University failing to punish an
alleged rapist regardless his guilt in
the absence of adequate certainty
there's nothing the university can do to
objectively ensure that the rapist does
not strike again so the case that he was
making in this particular argument is
not in favor of rapists he was saying
that the university is not responsible
for jailing people the police are
responsible for jailing people and then
if somebody alleges rape on a college
campus we shouldn't have these sort of
campus witch hunts where people are
immediately deemed guilty and then
tossed out of school this has become a
serious problem on America's college
campuses so again he's not completely
wrong here
he says expelling students is probably
not going to contribute a great deal to
RIT victims recovery there's no more
imperative to risk egregious error in
doing so again the case that he's making
here is the same he is essentially
saying that throwing people off of
campus in the absence of an actual court
trial that would land them in jail is
going to be a serious problem you're
going to have kangaroo courts
determining whether people are guilty or
not based on lack of evidence and you
have had this happen right mattress girl
over at NYU or Columbia rather this is
still a thing where people allege things
that are not true remember at Columbia
University there's a woman I can't
remember her name Emma sulking what's I
think it was she call herself mattress
girl because she'd go around campus
carrying a mattress alleging that she
had been raped by a foreign student and
it turns out that he had text that
proved that she was not actually raped
she is still upheld by the left as a
sign of the campus rape epidemic that's
happening on campuses and this guy sued
the university cos Columbia punished him
he sued the University and he won a
couple million dollar settlement from
the University this sort of stuff does
happen on campuses so this is this is
the writing that this guy got thrown off
a court for that Republicans said they
wouldn't vote for him for and bounds
even gave them the stalinist apology
right he even gave them an email that is
the the judicial nominee even gave them
an email apologizing for all the stuff
he said achieving a more egalitarian and
inclusive society has always been
centrally important to me appropriate
sensitivities the views of others
particularly those from marginalized
communities about how best to pursue
that aim however came to me only after
I'd left college for the workaday world
I regret that and I apologize to you all
for the obnoxious
just tone and misguided sentiments
you'll hear about because of it please
know that my commitment to our shared
mission will only be redoubled by this
unpleasant reminder of my errors of
nearly a quarter century ago okay that's
just I'm sorry it's a bunch of crap it's
a bunch of crap like the stuff that you
wrote in college when that bad even if
you think it was that bad it was back in
college and unless you have anything to
show me from the last 25 years
demonstrating the guy's a secret member
of the KKK I'm gonna go you're in this
is idiotic this is idiotic it's idiotic
people do change from the time they're
17 years old I should know I was reading
a syndicated column when I was 17 years
old do I stand by everything I ever
wrote when I was 17 no because I'd be an
idiot if I did if you've changed no
opinions you ever held since you were 17
years old it's because you haven't been
doing any thinking so there's that
element of this we have to oh man let's
go through his college writings and
determine whether he's secretly a
segregationist and then it turns out the
stuff this guy wrote wasn't even that
bad the stuff this guy wrote is largely
true and he's kicked off a court for
that now what's hilarious about this is
the left does not have the same sense of
composure the left does not have the
same sense that we have to be above the
fray when it comes to these political
battles the left is not cowardly this
way they're leftist who members of
Occupy during college who will sit on
our nation's federal courts they the
left the left worships at the altar of
people who are actual legitimate
terrorists well people like Assata
Shakur they're their actual people who
are alleged terrorists that the left
tries to tries to uphold Maya abu-jamal
who shot a cop and we are told that the
left is going to hero eyes those people
William Ayers is a professor at a major
university after being a legitimate
domestic terrorist during the 1970s and
so as his wife Bernardine Dohrn yeah all
of this stuff according to the left is
totally fine it's totally fine the left
is never shy about this stuff I promise
you all the people who are writing
extreme stuff today in their student
newspapers about how Donald Trump is the
worst person in the world all those
people will be sitting on federal courts
in 30 years mark my words and no one on
the left will care it is only the right
that is so shy about its own viewpoint
with regard to multiculturalism that
they run away when something is mild as
these writings from a prospective judge
come up it's really absurd
it's truly absurd I'm talking a little
bit more about that in just a second
first let's talk about that wheat coffee
you've been drinking you ever found
yourself wincing at the weak taste of
the coffee from one of these
left-leaning corporate brands you
probably thought
listen I wish they spent less time on
meaningless biased training and bathroom
policy reform letting homeless people
pee in their toilets well this is why
you need black rifle coffee founded by
former Special Operations vets black
rifle delivers the best roasts to order
coffee right to your door this
guarantees you are getting fresh premium
coffee with every order in addition to
great coffee and gear black rifle coffee
company as a coffee club that makes
things easy no lines no running out just
great coffee shipped right to your door
every month hassle free plus when you
join their coffee club you'll receive
discounts and offers not available to
other customers not only does black
rifle coffee company make one hell of a
cup of coffee they also give a portion
of their sales to vets and first
responder causes when you choose black
rifle you're choosing a company that
supports our veterans and serves coffee
and culture to those who love America
visit black rifle coffee comm slash Ben
and receive 15% off your order that's
black rifle coffee calm / ban for 15%
off black rifle coffee calm / Ben go
check it out awesome guys they do
awesome work black rifle coffee calm /
ban okay so back to this judge this
prospective judge bounds who's shut down
by representing her Tim Scott who
couldn't apparently say that he thought
that this guy was a racist he just felt
uncomfortable with him hey just cuz you
feel uncomfortable with somebody doesn't
mean that person shouldn't sit on a
federal court it depends on how
sensitive you are right I believe that
there are levels of discomfort that
passed beyond discomfort into outright
antagonism and sometimes that's
justified but if you're just
uncomfortable with the way somebody
phrase something back in college even
though you agree with the underlying
message maybe you ought to think about
the stuff that you wrote back in college
and thought back in college and think
wow do I agree with the way I phrased
everything way back when
okay bounds apologize before the
Judiciary Committee for his often
high-handed an overheated tone of his
Stanford commentary about campus
politics he says the intentions behind
those articles were always to see
greater tolerance and mutual
understanding on campus that was always
my aim the Judiciary Committee voted 11
to 10 in June along party lines to
forward bounces nominations to the
Senate floor
Democrats blasted their Republican
colleagues and president Trump's
administration for trying to pack courts
with extremists judges Ron Wyden who's a
socialist idiot accused bounds
misrepresenting and covering up
disturbing intolerant writings from his
past is not a cover-up and they're not
disturbing in they're not intolerant he
says what really outraged and shocked me
was his comparison of organizations that
promote multiculturalism tolerance here
in America to Nazi rallies
so that was that quote that I read you a
little bit earlier where he said that a
lot of these ethnic groups do more to
shut off thought than a Nazi
book-burning would honestly that's not
completely wrong
having been on campus having spent an
enormous amount of time on campus I've
been protested by exactly these groups
who have stood outside theaters where
I'm speaking shouting speech is violence
and attempting to shut down the speech
and prevent people from entering hey I
was at Cal State Los Angeles when many
of these student groups were calling out
their friends to block people from
entering the room hey that is a shutdown
of free speech by these exact campus
groups and we're supposed to believe
it's just terrible this guy wrote this
in at Stanford in 1995 it's just it's
absurd so I don't blame Democrats for
doing this they don't want a
conservative sitting on the court
shocker they don't want somebody who is
going to interpret the Constitution
according to its original meaning
sitting on the court shocker
what I am embarrassed by really
embarrassed by is the Republicans
including senators that I like I liked
him Scott I'm embarrassed by senators in
