and so Trump comes in he goes huh I see
everybody around me is lying about 30%
of the time and it seems to be effective
I'll ramp that up to 70 see what happens
hey hey and welcome this is the Ben
Shapiro shows Sundays special we have as
our special guest this Sunday Scott
Adams he is the creator of Dilbert and
also the author of win big lay so you
can go check that out we will get into
his book and his theory that President
Trump is in fact a master communicator
in one second first we're gonna talk
about the fact that you are gonna die so
here's the deal you're gonna plotz get
used to it feel that in your marrow
right down in the bones and now go get
some life insurance because if you
really understand that you're gonna die
then you know you need life insurance
because otherwise you are going to leave
your family bereft now a lot of people
don't have life insurance because it's
kind of hard to buy you have to work out
what you need do the research to find
the best quote and hope you don't get
swindled along the way that's not a good
way to shop for anything so policy
genius made the whole process a lot
simpler policy genius compares quotes
from the top life insurance companies to
find the best policy for you it takes a
couple of minutes to get a quote that's
it and if you don't know the first thing
about insurance they've got all the
tools you need to get up to speed
learn the difference between term and
whole life insurance calculate how much
coverage you need and be sure you're
making the right decision in fact over 4
million people have used policy genius
to shop for insurance policy genius
doesn't just make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and home insurance and auto insurance if
you care about it they can cover it so
whether you know a lot about life
insurance or nothing at all start your
search of policy genius com in just two
minutes you can compare quotes make that
informed decision for you and your
family policy genius is the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance well
Scott thanks so much for stopping by I
really appreciate it so let's start off
with this how did the creator of Dilbert
become the Trump guy totally
accidentally I wrote one blog post in
which I I thought I saw some some skill
in him back in 2015 that people weren't
noticing I thought he had a persuasion
talents that were unusual and I wrote a
blog post called clown genius and it was
hugely viral and I thought well I'll
write one more and that was viral as
well and everything I wrote about Trump
got more traffic than anything else I
was doing which is the same
of every other person right Rob right
the universal experience I thought it
was just me but it's so interesting I
can't stop doing it I'm feel I'm
actually addicted in some way not how
politically did you end up at the point
where the left now considers you a
Trumpkin even though you consider
yourself when you talk about in the book
the fact that you're pretty liberal on a
lot of major issues yeah and the social
stuff and then the big stuff I don't
understand you know look if you ask me
what's the best trade deal with China I
don't know you know I don't know if does
anybody really know but on the little
stuff like you know gay marriage yes you
know should we should we have universal
health care I'd like to see it I just
don't know how to pay for it so I'm sort
of a liberal with an economics degree so
it makes me a hybrid and yet the fact
that you sort of considered Trump to be
an actual good communicator to let
everybody to believe that you are deeply
embedded in the right now and that you
are in fact president Trump's number-one
proponent I call myself a supporter but
I also call myself a supporter of every
sitting president so I was an Obama
supporter primarily I had one issue with
him but I support the president in
general well is it one issue with Obama
so Obama originally said he was going to
let the the weed business in California
alone and in the States alone and then
he got in office and he changed his mind
now that would have been okay with a
reason you know here's my reason I
thought about it here's the new facts
but without a reason one must assume
there's something going on and without a
reason you have to assume he's bought
right now if he'd explained it I would
certainly accept the explanation if it
was anything reasonable but without the
explanation I considered that a removed
from office kind of situation okay so
let's talk about your Trump theory so
you sort of became famous on in Trump
circles obviously you're always famous
before that for Dilbert and everything
else that you do but he became as became
famous in sort of political circles for
taking this peculiar view in 2015 the
president Trump was in fact a
communication genius that he was
actually terrific at this and that
everybody who's out there mocking him
and thinking he's a fool
that we all had it wrong what made you
think that President Trump was a genius
at communication so I've got a
background as a hypnotist I was a
trained hypnotist and
20s and I've been studying all the the
ways of persuasion for decades as part
of my work so to be a good writer I
learned how to add a word of things how
to how to do marketing how to do sales
how to negotiate these are all related
topics and when you look at Trump he's
got he's you know first of all he wrote
a book I'm negotiating so we should sort
of you read it you read it but but even
if you just brand yourself as a
negotiating person it attracts that
knowledge to you over time so in in all
chip in all likelihood he knows more
about negotiating that most people on
the planet because it's an interest and
he doesn't lot but he also had this this
weird experience as a kid so when he was
in church the his family pastor I
believe was norman vincent peale
the the the author who wrote the power
of positive thinking which in a sense is
a persuasion bible for people of those
times and it was about how they use
optimism essentially I'll you know
paraphrase it too much but but it was
having to think your way into a better
situation and we see him modeling that
all the time I don't think it's a
coincidence you know if you sit in that
church with someone who was considered
so influential so persuasive this is
Norman Vincent Peale he was actually
accused of being a hypnotist in his day
he was so persuasive so I think Trump
comes by it honestly and essentially
he's been around it and then he's also
developed it over his career but beyond
that I noticed a lot of specific tag
Beach that you wouldn't notice if you
don't study this stuff so what were some
of the techniques that first jumped out
at you that you think President Trump
was using so the wall let's take the
easiest example a visual persuasion is
the most powerful if you had a concept
let's say you said well there are too
many people coming across the border
alright our crime rate is up 5% or
whatever you're going to say concepts
don't persuade you show a picture of a
wall and people want it or don't want it
you show a picture of a caravan of
people coming and people say that's
immigration now I have a visual image
you'll watch that the President does
visual imagery so consistently compared
to anybody else in the game
just the most visual thinker he
simplifies simplifying is hugely
important politicians want to act like
that are the academic the smart one the
lawyer in the room so they're there
their impulse is to get a little bit
more complicated than the people they're
talking to remember Trump was mocked for
what they say at a fourth or sixth grade
vocabulary or something like that yeah
but if you talk to anybody who's an
expert in this field they'll say well
what's the audience okay he's talking to
the audience in the way that you talk to
people who you know or operating on that
level do you think that when he's in
private he talks like a British
professor or suddenly he sounds like you
know he suddenly sounds like ayaan Hirsi
Ali closed doors well the several weeks
ago I got to meet him so I was a newly
shocked by his mellifluous British
accent yeah the British accent totally
through baby no you seemed exactly the
same person just you know the relaxed
version in the room although I'm not
sure I've I'm not sure you ever yeah I'm
so I guess that that is one of the
questions is how much of this do you
think I mean look he's obviously a guy
who gets his message across in unique
ways and with a unique sort of appeal
how much of this is conscious and how
much of this is just natural damage this
is instinct and how much of this has
planned I think he would say it's it's
something natural that he sort of just
picked up but he either has an amazing
instinct or he's learned more than he
remembers learning because his technique
is so consistent and it's just nobody in
the game is is matching him now the
other thing he has is his willingness to
do things that would be embarrassing to
other people you know he's willingness
to go outside the box and take the risk
so if he add his gigantic personality
with his willingness to break the edges
on everything you know almost everything
every tweet he does has a little
something wrong with it and when I say
wrong I mean perfect you know wrong in
exactly the right way you know even even
his famous you know stormy Daniels
horseface tweet so he will consciously
pick something that will make you obsess
on it because it's the error that makes
you focus you know
your brain is designed to flush out all
the stuff that's normal and doesn't
matter you know when I when I leave this
room I'm not gonna remember the other
scenery or anything I'll remember just
the key things and he's just great and
making you focus on the key things and
make and making you think about what he
wants you to think about better than
anybody ever I mean one of the questions
that I have is whether this is a bit of
a nun falsifiable thesis the reason I
ask that is because at the end of the
book you have an appendix where you say
here are the things that I think that
President Trump has said that are just
wrong when you talk about
charlottesville you talk about some of
the other things that you think that the
obviously the Access Hollywood tape
which was before he was running but is
not a great thing to say and and how do
you decide prospectively when you see
something the president says is this an
act of communicative genius or is this
an act of complete and pure idiocy
because there's a very thin line
sometimes yes the president says so so
it's the perfect question and it's the
reason back in 2015
I said clearly and often I said this as
often and publicly as I could you won't
be able to tell if I'm guessing luckily
unless I tell you this is a prediction
I'm gonna tell you the tools he's using
as he uses them so you can follow along
and I predict he'll win the presidency
back in 2015
because of the tool set not even because
the policies or anything else and so
exactly to your point if you can't
predict it
what is it right you know it's just
you're describing the past and you can
fit almost any theory to the past
indeed when Hillary Clinton lost I think
how many reasons to CNN prints the next
day you know just dozens of reasons well
here's the reason here's the reason she
did this wrong so you can fit any theory
to the past and that's why I was so
obsessed about saying I'm predicting
this okay so what does you what do you
predict that in for 2020 since you
already have you have one data point
that is in your favor exorcism in one
election it's been one data point in
your favor what do you think happens is
well let me point out that I also
predicted the North Korea situation a
year before it happened so I was
predicting for the same reason that
Trump's skill set would be uniquely
perfectly suited for the North Korea
situation and so far it's looking like
it's moving in the right direction we
don't know but everything looks positive
my back to 21 yes I mean that one is I
think we're gonna need
more data before I hand you that one
okay just to be fair just because I mean
we don't know like the it's there's
there's not enough information yet
whether this is just a pushing off play
by the North Koreans or whether they're
secretly developing anything or whether
anything has really happened but I mean
they look their own nuclear mountains
well but you can see some things that
are really positive for example
apparently they've reduced their
internal propaganda and that would be
the first thing you'd look for to see if
it's real because they don't want to
they don't want to reverse course on
their internal propaganda and then have
to reverse it again I mean why would
they do that they would just keep it the
way it was may so those are all positive
signs and it there does seem to be that
the president has a personal
relationship and that might be the key
it seems to me that what the way he
played it was you know the opposite of
how had been played before he started
with you know the boss Kim jong-un and
said let's you know let's talk let's
show you some respect let's make you a
player who's you know it belongs on the
stage and then we can negotiate as sorta
peers you know not really it can't be a
peer with the United States but at least
in terms of respect and that was
probably a key thing it probably also
allowed Kim jong-un to say I can work
with this guy and if I give up some
things I won't necessarily be vaporized
so there was something about Trump's
willingness to talk to anybody which
he's often criticized for that it's like
a superpower he can talk to anybody you
can make a deal with anybody if it's in
the best interest of the country that is
a wildly powerful thing do you think
there been cases where you've over
applied your thesis or maybe have you do
you have a perfect record in other words
since 2015 I've never been wrong yes so
there there are there are times for
example trying to guess the vice
president pick that was an overreach
because really to make that pick you had
to have to know about personal chemistry
you'd have to know the biographies you'd
have to know the secret of vetting
information you can't really pick a vice
president from this distance but had I
known that Mike Pence was even on the
shortlist he's the perfect choice for a
vice president because he's sort of the
the bad version of the president the
boring versions you know if you started
with Trump and you removed
everything interesting about him it
would be Mike Pence and I like Mike
Pence right there's nothing because Mike
Pence well all of us all the fun the
interest the thing that makes you you
know look at the president and you can't
look away even if you hate him or love
them all that stuff is you know sort of
missing in Mike Pence who is a top-rate
politician he just doesn't have the
stuff then so back to my question about
2020 you're looking forward a couple of
years here and obviously the pollsters
are I would say 50/50 on where President
Trump is at this point because he's
riding kind of where he was expected to
be below 50% maybe a little bit above
where his expect to be he's 46 47 in
some of the polls do you look at any of
the Democrats who are out there and say
this one is a particularly president
Trump nope
at this point I don't see anybody who
would be a serious threat Kamala Harris
it's close you know we'd have to see I'd
have to see her in action a little bit
more on a sort of a running for
presidential you're running for
president kind of basis but I think
she's got the tools and that doesn't
mean she'll come close if if things keep
going the way they're going well take
for the fact just consider the fact that
there was a recent poll that said health
care is the number one issue it's the
number one issue because he's doing so
well on other big issues right Isis is
off the off the headlines North Korea's
looking good economy looking good you
know so health care just rose up he
needs to do something about that and you
know this is my left-leaning part of me
here now I think there's probably a
there I think there's a way to adjust
health care the Bill Gates way Bill
Gates recently came out with a set of
ideas for dealing with climate change
you don't have to believe the climate
change is man-made or anything else
about it but his idea was to create a
portfolio of startups and innovative
companies and shine attention on them
and say if these if these companies do
what they're supposed to do is really
going to make a difference to the
climate you could do the same thing or
rip that let's call the Republican
system for lowering health care costs
you could have what I call the
president's portfolio just a spotlight
not any government money but just saying
these
companies are working on all the parts
of healthcare if they succeed would
dramatically lower costs and that's
that's the whole game right you're not
gonna get to universal health care in
this country without dramatically
finding a way to lower the cost okay so
the regulations could be just one second
I want to talk about kind of the 40 mega
mega underwater upside-down Hungry
Hungry Hippos of it all one of the
things I've been spotted on particularly
or Twitter following is you'll tweet
something out saying that the president
has really thought something through and
done something brilliant and everybody
jumps on it with both feet who's in sort
of the president Trump and Club it
because and that this is why you become
sort of the poster boy for the the pro
Trump movement even though you call
yourself a supporter of the president
the same way you've supported every
other president do you think that people
are sort of straw Manning your argument
a little bit online on Twitter because
that's that virtually everyone I see
it's it's sort of like the bill
Mitchell's of the world tweeting you out
and going well this is what I've always
been saying everything the man does is
just pure genius so some of it is
certainly over interpreting things so a
common thing that happens now maybe
every day is I'll get at least one tweet
from somebody saying here it is again
the thing you predicted it came true and
I'll look at it nothing no I talked
about it I don't really predict that
quite that way but you know people are
starting to you know I guess
confirmation bias is just gihan if they
think I've been accurate before they
just think it's it's continuing to
happen but yes there's absolutely a
certainty that some some number of
things I've said oh this is good
technique and it's going to work the
some of them I've misdiagnosed but I
wouldn't know which ones yeah so I guess
the question about you know president
Trump sort of skill set in doing all
this is if he's really obvious question
is if he's such a great communicator
he lost the popular vote by 2.5 million
he won in three states by a combined
