parkland survivor David Hogg gets the
royal treatment from CNN social media
stocks take a tumble and president
Trump's attack and President Trump
attacked amazon.com so that's awesome
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
we have a lot to get to today but before
we get to any of it first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Birch
gold so by now you know okay the stock
market it's up and down and up and down
and up and down and all around and
that's why you should at least have part
of your portfolio in precious metals I
know I certainly do and the folks that I
trust with precious metal metals
investing are the folks over at Birch
gold group they have a long-standing
track record of continued success
thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau right
now you can contact Birch gold group and
request a free information kit on
physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16 page kit that shows how
gold and silver can protect your savings
and how you can legally move your IRA or
401k out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA this is great for a
hedge against inflation it's great for a
hedge against stock market volatility to
get your no cost no obligation can't go
to birchgold.com / Ben that's
birchgold.com / Ben again when it comes
to my own investment strategy I do have
a lot of money in the stock market I do
have some money in bonds but I also have
some money in precious metals and the
folks over at Birch gold they are top of
the industry for a reason and the reason
is people trust them again they have all
those five-star ratings from people I've
worked with them there folks that I
trust check out birchgold.com / Ben
birchgold.com / man get that
comprehensive free 16 page kit on gold
and silver ask all your questions and
then invest with my friends over at
Birch gold when you're ready to do some
precious metals investing okay so the
fallout over the parklands shooting
continues and the fallout from the media
continues so we've been told this story
which is that all the parkland survivors
have innate moral authority and can
speak on any issue without any criticism
now I have said over and over and over
on this program listen to every episode
since parkland I said these kids have a
right to speak out of course they have a
right to speak out this is America when
I was 17 years old I - syndicated
columnist but this comes with a caveat
the caveat is you will get criticized
people will criticize you people will
pick up are what you are saying publicly
especially when you're the type of
person who goes on national television
and suggests that all those who disagree
with you are actually akin to child
murderers if you do that it turns out
people get pissed off okay but the media
have decided that any criticism of these
kids whatsoever not that right to speak
not their expertise right if you
criticize the stuff they are saying if
you say what they are saying is wrong or
if you say I don't think that they are
conducting themselves properly publicly
if you say that sort of stuff then you
are a hater then you are brutal then you
are doing something terrible yeah I
don't understand why this should be the
case really in public life everyone gets
criticized it's part of the way this
works and when you're speaking on issues
of deep public importance fundamental
issues to American liberty and frankly
human Liberty like should you have the
right to keep and bear arms then
passions are gonna run high and not only
our passions gonna run high people have
not only every right but every
responsibility to speak out against
perspectives that they think are bad and
I think a lot of what these kids have
been saying is wrong non-factual I think
some of what they've been saying is
immoral and they suggest that Marco
Rubio is akin to the shooter in parkland
and when they say that dana lash is a
murderer with blood on her hands and
stuff is disgusting and I have not only
do I have every right I have every moral
obligation to speak up against it
because it's gross okay but that's not
how the media have treated this so CNN
tweeted this out about David hog david
hog is of course the guys probably
become the most famous of these parkland
survivors Emma Gonzalez is the other one
who's really gained a lot of credibility
she's very good at media Emma Gonzalez I
think really knows how to handle herself
David hog not so much he thinks that the
the sort of Che Guevara attitude the
fist in the air thing that you're seeing
here is what's gonna win the day that
anger wins the day emma gonzalez
understands that anger doesn't win the
day she's much better at this than david
hog just from a purely political point
of view if you're gonna pick one of
those two people to run for office
there's no doubt in my mind you run emma
gonzales not david hog in any case the
media have decided that david hogs voice
is deeply important and that he should
be booked on every show so he's been on
CNN a thousand times at this point and
this is what CNN tweeted out yesterday
quote a brief history of how parkland
survivor David hog keeps schooling
lawmakers on social media yeah that
sounds like objective journalism to me
okay we here at the daily where we're
not objective so when we say that
somebody's schooling somebody else you
can assume that weren't conservative and
we're saying that a conservative is
schooling a leftist why because we are a
conservative website and we make that
obvious and known but CNN is supposed to
be objectives that sound like an
objective headline to you a brief
history of how Parkland survivor David
hog keeps schooling lawmakers on social
media of course not
well the big controversy that's broken
out over David hog in the last 24 hours
concerns Laura Ingraham so Laura
retweeted a piece that was on our
website the piece that was on our
website about David hog being rejected
by certain colleges originally appeared
at TMZ the story did not originate with
us and it really only originated
David hog because he was interviewed by
TMZ somewhere and he started discussing
which colleges he had gotten into so we
begin with what David hog actually said
about not getting into colleges and
there are a couple ways of reading this
and I want to be fair to him so here's
what the here's what the clip said it's
not been too great for me and some of
the other members of the movement like
Ryan Deiss we got rejected from Cal
State sorry we got rejected from UCLA
and I got rejected from UCLA and UCSD so
it's been kind of annoying having to do
with that and everything else that's
been going on but at this point I was
you know we're changing the world we're
too busy for ya right now it's too hard
to focus on that it is it is absolutely
disappointing but at this point we're
already changing the world if colleges
want to support us in that great if they
don't doesn't matter we're still gonna
change the world
okay so his comments here could've been
read in a couple of different ways the
part that you see the slash through the
part where you that's cut out there is
where David hog says listen a lot of
people don't actually get into colleges
right it's not super unpredictable a lot
of people in my class didn't get into a
lot of colleges that a lot of people
can't afford to go to college all of
that is true and for the first
two-thirds of this comment I'm actually
an agreement David hog is handling this
with class that last comment there where
he says that if colleges want to help us
in our crusade great if not then we're
still changing the world this is where I
have a bit of trouble because the
implication is where he in listen he's
speaking off-the-cuff so maybe it's just
a mistake but the implication of what
he's saying is the reason that colleges
are not letting him in is not because he
wasn't qualified they're not letting him
in because of his activism which of
course would be incredibly silly right
there is no question that the top
leaders of this movement will end up
going to fantastic graduate school
specifically because they're top leaders
of this movement right political
activism on the left is not going to
come back and bite you right it's the
ultimate extracurricular activity for
most college administrators my guess is
that if you had sent in his applications
right now as opposed to six months ago
then he would be admitted to a lot of
these schools but he's getting these
rejections now or two weeks ago in the
middle of all of this it's not like they
were considering him five minutes ago
they were considering him four months
ago they probably don't even remember
seeing his application because places
like UCLA get tens of thousands of
applications every year so in any case
Laura Ingraham tweets out this story and
we covered it pretty straight we was
pretty objective coverage or at least it
wasn't politically charged and Laura
tweeted this out she tweeted David hog
rejected by four
to which he applied and whines about it
ding by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA totally
predictable given acceptance rates hey I
don't think that this is particularly
awful anything that Laura says here is
particularly awful do I think that it's
fair to say that he's whining about it
yeah I think it's maybe half fair or 1/4
fair I don't totally agree with Laura's
take on David Hogg's comments here but
the way David Hawk responds is what's
really important here so David Hawk
responds to this relatively mild
critique by saying that they should
boycott Laura Ingraham right so he
stopped he starts immediately
immediately we're like within minutes
tweeting out Laura Ingram's advertisers
and saying that all these places should
drop Laura Ingraham why for the great
sin of having suggested that he whined
about not getting into college yet she
didn't say anything racist shouldn't say
anything sexist shouldn't say David hog
is a piece of crap
she didn't insult him personally like
really there's there's she was insulting
his comments right the things that he
said he is part of the public discourse
and this is a this is demonstrative of
exactly how this game is being played
now by the left they've tried out a
bunch of kids the kids have every right
to speak again for the 1,000th time the
kids have every right to speak
they tried out a bunch of kids and then
if you disagree with the kids they
suggest you are attacking the kids
personally and then based on that they
say you shouldn't be on the air and this
is what David hog is now doing okay
David hog does not have I'm sorry any
sort of moral impetus to call for a full
boycott of Laura Ingraham based on that
tweet she got ratioed pretty hard on
Twitter meaning that more people replied
to her tweets then actually retweeted it
which is very often taken on Twitter as
a sign of it was a bad tweet or
something okay that's fine but boycotts
really and if we're really at the point
in this country where you say something
that's even mildly controversial and
there are calls for boycotts then we're
not going to have a common culture
anymore we really aren't because I
promise you the right is just as capable
of this as the left a lot of the writers
stayed away from it in fact I used to
run an organization called truth revolt
it was it was a branch of the David
Horowitz Freedom Center and when I ran
through the revolt one of our goals was
to provide a mutually assured
destruction the idea was if the left was
going to use boycott tactics in order to
knock conservatives off the air then we
would use boycott tactics to knock left
us off the air and then everybody would
learn that boycott tactics are bad that
boycott tactics end up knocking voices
off the air or just destroying the
profit margins for for shows that are
controversial I think David hog should
be able to speak out however he wants I
don't think the boycott that advertisers
should be boycott
for praising david hog not only any of
those things but there's this attempt to
use market forces to club people with
whom you politically disagree not
because they're racist or brutal or
horrible but just because you disagree
and if that becomes our politics the
entire market basis for a political
discourse in the country goes away and
that is going to have a significant
weakening impact on the kind of voices
that you're allowed to hear and
meanwhile the media continues to portray
david hog as some sort of a political
above the fray figure he's been anything
but a political he's been anything but
above the fray so do I think that
Laura's tweet was completely correct no
so I think it's boycott worthy you gotta
be kidding me you've got to be kidding
me and the Washington Post I'm on their
email list in the Washington Post
emailed this out as their lead today
legitimately as their lead they emailed
out the Laura Ingraham story that this
was this was some sort of brutal
terrible thing that had just happened
that Laura Ingraham is deserving of all
of this it's just it's just silliness
but again it's not particularly shocking
because they've done this against
virtually every major talk show host
speaking of which big announcement for
the show and I might as well make it now
okay so you know you listen to the show
on podcast that means that you're
listening to it probably on your phone
or on your computer
but a lot of older Americans a lot of
people who don't know how podcasts work
they listen to talk radio just
disproportionately with regard to how
the numbers work well now they can
actually listen to the podcast which is
really exciting western one is
partnering with us on this project so
this is really cool and Westwood one is
going to be putting this podcast on air
WABC in New York it's gonna be putting
it on air in Chicago in KBC Los Angeles
that's gonna putting us on in Atlanta
it's gonna be putting us on in Seattle
it's gonna be putting us on WMAL in
Washington DC a bunch of stations that
are going to be putting this show on the
air at Salt Lake City it's just
fantastic it's just fantastic and I
cannot wait to bring this message that
we promote every day to a broader
audience that's really cool so tell your
parents that if they haven't heard of
the show all they're gonna have to do is
turn on their radio and they'll be able
to hear the show every evening every
afternoon on their local radio station
pretty soon so that's pretty exciting
stuff and we are really excited to
announce it and we're thankful to
Westwood One for giving us the
opportunity because it really is pretty
awesome well in just a second I want to
tell you about something else that the
media has tweeted out that is just inane
and demonstrates again that they don't
know anything about how statistics work
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so
there's nobody on the planet who's built
like you or sleeps like you and that's
why you need a mattress that is
customized to your specific height
weight and sleep prep preferences the
way it works you go over to helix sleep
calm and when you go to helix lucam
slash man you take a sleep quiz they ask
you how you like to sleep is it on your
side is it on your back what's your
weight what's your body type
do you like the the mattress to be firm
or soft you like it to be heat absorbent
or do you like it to be very cool and
then they send you a personalized
mattress in the mail it comes in the
mail you unwrap the box and inflates
right in front of you you pop it right
on your bed frame and you're ready to go
it's just fantastic and the quality is
fantastic you can have the best sleep of
your life on a helix sleep mattress go
to helix sleep calm fill out that
two-minute sleep cause and they will
design your custom mattress they can
even make the mattress so that it has
two different sides that feel different
for the different halves of the couple
in 2018 they've even taken the
customized sleep to the next level with
the helix pillow these all new pillows
are fully adjustable so you can achieve
perfect comfort regardless of sleep
position or body type you've never
really appreciated that pillow until
you've spent a lot of time in hotels I
know why it is that Hotel pillows are
always made of just fluff I think you
put your head on it goes directly down
to the mattress and then you feel like
you're suffocating but helix sleep
pillows are the opposite they are
fantastic they've thousands of five-star
reviews and right now if you go to helix
sleep comm slash Ben you get a hundred
and twenty five dollars toward your
mattress order that's helix sleep calm
slash Ben for a hundred and twenty five
bucks off your mattress order again
helix sleep calm slash menus that slash
man to get a hundred twenty-five dollars
off your mattress order and let them
know that we sent you it really is
fantastic okay so speaking of stupidity
in the media uh and again just quick
final note on the on the Laura Ingraham
boycott tactic here in the same media
that's promoting that tactic is
vulnerable to that tactic should they
step out of line in any particular way
you're living a very dangerous era for
the for the future of the media when
audiences are being pushed to boycott
particular outlets because of the
viewpoints of those outlets I'm
borrowing a full on Nazis are full on
racists
I think that we all ought to take a step
back and just say listen people ought to
be able to watch what they want to watch
you should be able if you want to watch
Nazi crap you should be able to watch it
I just won't patronize your advertisers
but Laura Ingraham is not a Nazi and the
attempts to lump all political speech
into one bag that you know yeah I don't
like it therefore it's not CSKA is
really quite ridiculous okay speaking of
quite ridiculous I just have the comment
on this Jezebel tweet so Jezebel is a
feminist outlet and
a couple of days ago there was a tweet
that came out from Planned Parenthood in
in some podunk town in which Planned
Parenthood tweeted we need a Disney
princess who is transgender
we need a Disney princess who has had an
abortion okay and I said well what we
really need is a Disney princess who
uses her royal authority to defund
Planned Parenthood let's start with that
but Jezebel has to defend that of course
because we do need you know we need we
need to indoctrinate children about
abortion and transgenderism and same-sex
marriage we need a Disney princess who's
a lesbian right this is the new push by
the way for Ilsa and frozen is that the
in the sequel they should give Ilsa a
girlfriend because there's nothing
better than teaching three-year-old
children who like them who like the
movie frozen because they like olaf that
lesbianism is on equal moral power and
societal value with with heterosexuality
yeah it's perfect because kids at three
should know all about sex that's that's
really important so Jezebel tweeted
something out that was even stupider
yesterday they tweeted out statistically
