a top Trump advisor enmeshment
allegations of wife-beating
the Republicans decide to blow out the
budget as always End Democratic women
decide that they have to get naked to
fight the patriarchy or something I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh we have so many great stories to get
to apparently coin tosses our racist I
will hope to get to that a little bit
later in the program as well there's
also a woman who's suggesting that women
only read books by women so I guess that
they should all read Fifty Shades of
Grey and not Tolstoy because the
patriarchy or somesuch but before we get
to any of those fun things first I want
to do something else fun and that is say
thank you to our sponsors over at man
crates so man crates calm it's the only
way to get the best gift for the man in
your life and we're talking about
curated gift collections for every type
of guy from sports fanatic to the home
chef to the outdoorsman you can check
out classics like the NFL bar work wait
the crate the whiskey appreciation
crates or fresh takes on traditional
Valentine's Day gifts like your guy he
doesn't want a box of chocolates he
wants a jerky heart yeah or he wants a
salami bouquet your incredible go-to man
creates a calm you pick the perfect gift
and then wait for that magic moment for
it to arrive when it arrives very often
the gifts they come in various different
types there's one that I got that
actually comes in an ammo box but they
also have a wooden crate this is what
they are famous for their wooden crates
and they come with a with an actual
crowbar and then it is up to the man to
pry open it and we will see if he's not
man enough then you should divorce him
or leave him but if he's a real man he
can pry open that man crate with either
his bare hands as I did or he can do it
with the National crowbar it is a great
thrill and when you look inside the gift
is just as great as the creative
thousands of five-star reviews every
gift comes with a complete satisfaction
guarantee so go-to man crates calm slash
Ben for 5% off again that's man crates
calm slash Ben for 5% off right now as I
said my most recent gift from man crates
wasn't engraved guitar which I've been
using to seduce my wife I don't even
play it I just stand under the window
and then I just stand there looking all
broody and it was working great so far
so men crates calm slash Ben and you get
five percent off who's that / Ben as
well so we know he's saying I love that
ad read so much okay so let's get into
something that is not good so now we
have to get serious because there's
actually a terrible terrible story so it
turns out that one of trumps top aides
getting robbed Porter nobody's ever
heard of Rob Porter he's just one of
these guys who hangs around the
president I know some folks in the White
House they say that Rob Porter was
indeed very close
the president obviously that is true
he's in half of the pictures with the
president and apparently Rob Porter is
not good to his ladies so in his first
ex-wife he has I guess two ex-wives is
the idea that I don't know what it is
about Trump and the people who surround
him or who are his fans but there are
there are a lot of thrice-married people
or at least twice married people twice
divorced people who surround president
Trump in any case this one is actually
not on Trump Rob Porter was in aid to to
General John Kelly I seen as sort of his
right hand helping to ensure that the
wrong people don't get into the Oval
Office to talk to the President of the
United States
well apparently his first ex-wife is is
accused Rob Porter of spousal abuse and
there is a picture of this apparently
his first his first ex-wife is her name
is Kobe Holderness and she spoke on the
record to Daily Mail climb about their
five-year marriage apparently they met
at their Mormon Church in 2000 while
they were in college she says that he
was never physically abusive until her
honeymoon and that floored me and then
she said quote he would throw me down on
the bed put his full body weight on top
of me then grind a knee or elbow into my
body expressing rage she says the
violence escalated to the point reporter
was choking her quote it was not hard
enough for me to pass out but it was
scary humiliating and dehumanizing
and here is a picture that she posted of
herself apparently he took the picture
he says I took the picture says right i
guilted him into taking the picture so
that is a shiner right there that is
that is not good stuff just horrifying
and then there is Jennifer Willoughby
Jennifer will be as Porter's second to
ex-wife who shared the story of her
abusive marriage with Daily Mail calm
I believe we actually have video of her
talking about her abusive marriage to
rob Porter this top trump aid I did know
that my marriage was was bad I knew that
it wasn't healthy that we that the
fights and the verbal and emotional
abuse that I was enduring was not quote
unquote normal but I don't think that I
had yet put myself in the category of
someone whose husband laid hands on her
until that moment Rob and I were married
in November of 2009 it was a very quick
courtship and engagement within a matter
a couple of weeks after being married I
was aware of his temper okay and his
temper apparently escalated all the way
up to apparently dragging her wedding
naked out of the shower and verbally
abusing her calling her an effing B the
White House originally gave Porter its
full support by the way I believe
there's an ex-girlfriend now who's come
out and also accused him of this sort of
activity which is just wonderful the
White House originally came out and
defended Rob Porter they said that they
didn't see anything you know they didn't
see anything that was worthy of firing
him over and then the picture came out
of the black eye and suddenly they have
shifted their tune so Porter said in his
original statement quote these
outrageous allegations are simply false
I took the photos given to the media
nearly 15 years ago and the reality
behind them is nowhere close to what is
being described I'd like to hear what
she hit in the face by a door did she do
that with makeup like what happened I've
been transparent and truthful about
these vile claims but I will not further
engage publicly with a coordinated smear
campaign my commitments public service
speaks for itself I've always put duty
to country first and treated others with
respect I'm deeply grateful for the
opportunity to have served in the Trump
administration and will seek to ensure a
smooth transition when I leave the White
House apparently originally the the
answer from John Kelly was that he came
to the defense right originally John
Kelly statement was that that he stood
by Porter the DEM trying to find the
edge of the actual text so let's see
apparently he he originated Ellie's
original statement stated quote that he
that Rob Porter is a man of true
integrity and honor and I can't say
enough good things about him he is a
friend to confront an entrusted
professional I'm proud to serve
alongside him that's the quote that was
circulating online as of last night
before cold the Colby Horrell Holderness
his black eye came out then of course
they shifted tune and and they decided
that things had changed the question is
what did they know and when did they
know it over at the White House did they
know all along this guy was an accused
spousal abuser he didn't have his FBI
clearance apparently because of all of
these allegations apparently the first
ex-wife called up the White House
Counsel time again that's what CNN was
reporting and actually told Don McGann
about this it was never relayed to the
President of the United States
CNN reported last night quote senior
aides to President Donald Trump
months about allegations of domestic
abuse levied against top White House
staffer Rob Porter by his ex-wives even
as Porter's stock in the West Wing
continued to rise multiple sources told
CNN on Wednesday
Porter denied the allegations but
resigned on Wednesday a scramble ensued
inside the West Wing to defend him when
the claims became public this week that
effort continued even after his
resignation according to sources this is
CNN sources he have to take all that
with a grain of salt obviously they're
not named says senior White House
officials were aware for months of the
allegations made against Trump's staff
secretary according to two sources Trump
himself first learned of the allegations
this week so it really wasn't Trump he
was upset when Sean reports of the abuse
his daughter Ivanka was also deeply
disturbed by the allegations
particularly the photographs so
apparently by early follows widely known
among cops Trump aides including chief
of staff John Kelly both the porter was
facing troubles in obtaining FBI
clearance and that his ex-wives claimed
he had abused them so that's a pretty
significant allegation that months ago
Kelly knew what was going on here and he
didn't do anything instead Kelly and
others oversaw an elevation in Porter's
saying that's a fireable offense okay if
John Kelly knew that the that this is
the guy who's getting closer and closer
to the President of the United States
was in fact an alleged spousal abuser
who could not obtain FBI clearance right
if that's the case then there's no not
only is there no excuse for it but but
Kelly needs to go right if Kelly knew
that there was a guy who had three
separate allegations of abuse against
him and a restraining order taken out
against him and and also in a temper I
think that the police had slapped some
sort of some sort of legal bar on him in
any case if if Kelly knew all of that he
let him get close to Trump that's a
dereliction of duty to protect his boss
as ila pond it says Kelly in the White
House Counsel Tom McGann left Trump
vulnerable by refusing to disarm the
grenade The Times of London suggests a
yeah the New York Times sorry claims
that Kelly was duped by Porter but that
excuse really doesn't only go so far it
says to White House officials who asked
not to be identified because they were
not authorized to speak about the
internal deliberations insisted that mr.
Porter had misled mr. Kelly and several
other aides about the severity of the
allegations he had portrayed the woman
is making up stories to cause trouble
and few if any aides in the White House
considered conducting their own
investigations to discover what might
have taken place in fact it turns out
that Rob Porter was apparently dating
hope Hicks who's another top aide to the
president hope Hicks has terrible taste
in men apparently
also supposedly dated corey lewandowski
a married man on the campaign trail
corey lewandowski famous for grabbing
michelle fields and then lying about it
so she she has really top-notch taste in
mendes does hope hicks she may be a nice
gal but she really needs to examine her
choices in life better if all of this is
true about rob but about about rob
Porter so you know the rumor is that
Kelly is gonna pay for it I doubt that
Kelly is gonna pay for it more likely
that they just claimed that he didn't
know in the first place that all of this
was going on but you know Sarah Huckabee
Sanders essentially dodged the question
so Sarah Huckabee sandra's asked about
this and she says the porter made the
decision to leave look I think that was
a personal decision that Rob made and
one that he was not pressured to do but
one that he made on his own so the he is
out at the White House but I don't think
this blowback is going to end anytime
soon and there will be serious questions
asked about who knew what when and and
why and and there is gonna be an
allegation that's made about the White
House and the allegations made about the
White House's that they go easy on
people who are accused of abusing women
because if they don't go easy on those
people then it might reduce on Trump it
might bounce back on Trump there might
be people who say well you're so hard on
on Rob Porter weren't you harder on
President Trump there were allegations
made in his divorce proceedings by a
Vong by Ivana Trump that he actually
raped her that was in the divorce
proceeding way back in the 1980s so why
is it that that you know Trump is
treated by a different standard than he
treats his own aides that's where the
media is going to go next with this that
said there's no excuse for anybody
covering up this sort of stuff if they
knew about it and it's it's again their
election of duty if John Kelly knew
about it and did nothing because he was
friendly with Rob Porter so he has his
final statement here he says I stand by
my previous comments on the Rob Porter
that I've come to know since becoming
chief of staff I believe every
individual deserves the right to defend
their reputation I accepted his
resignation earlier today and will
ensure a swift and orderly transition he
says I was shocked by the new
allegations released against rapport
there's no place for domestic violence
in our society but I'm wondering exactly
how that squares with the I believe Rob
Porter on virtually everything okay so
in just a second I'm going to get into
the the conservatives who are who are
lining up behind a bad budget deal first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at filter by comm so it's that time
of year it's cold outside I mean you're
spending an awful lot of time in
house there's only one problem the air
in your house is significantly dirtier
by studies than the air outside your
house which is why you need to make sure
that the filters that you use in your
furnace system and your air conditioning
that those filters are actually not
dirty and spewing a bunch of garbage
into the air that you are breathing
that's what filter by comm is for there
America's leading provider of HVAC
filters for homes and small businesses
they carry over 600 different filter
sizes including custom options all
shipped free within 24 hours plus
they're manufactured right here in
America in Ellison I know talking about
air filters is not the sexiest thing but
it's also the thing that's gonna keep
you alive longer al-kidd fact is the
dirty air makes you more unhealthy it's
the thing that's going to improve your
quality of life so go over to filter by
comm they offer a multitude of ME RV
options all the way up to hospital grade
so you'll be removing dangerous pollen
mold dust other allergy aggravating
pollution while maximizing the
efficiency of your system right now save
five percent when you set up auto
delivery so you never need to think
about those air filters again again
that's filter by comm filter bu why.com
filter by comm and you save five percent
when you set up that auto delivery so
you never need to think about air
filters again they just show up and when
they show up you replace them and then
everything is all cool ok so meanwhile
while all of this is going down in the
Whitehouse Chuck Schumer and Mitch
McConnell have come up with a budget
deal yay
except whenever there's a bipartisan
Budget deal the bipartisan Budget deal
sucks ok there's no such thing as a good
bipartisan budget deal they're all
garbage whenever there's bipartisan
budget deal means they're gonna blow out
the budget because the truth is then
what really drives our national debt
international deficit are the
entitlements it is not military spending
it is not the ancillary spending it is
not foreign aid right there's a lot of
waste and fraud and abuse in the budget
but when Trump said that he was going to
cut the government down to size by
whittling away at that
that's nonsense the only way that you're
actually going to cut the government
down to size is to do something that no
one wants to do now look it is
politically it is politically
unpalatable to talk seriously about what
needs to happen with the American budget
the American budget breaks down heavily
on the side of entitlement programs
right entitlement programs that
generates an enormous amount of the
American budget every single year
military spending only accounts for the
the military spending only accounts for
approximately 20% of the American of the
American budget so the vast majority of
the American budget every year is taken
up instead by the
by the entitlement programs that all of
these people supposedly supposedly rely
upon
now there's discretionary spending right
discretionary spending a lot of that is
defense in homeland security so by 2015
standards for example the discretionary
spending for defense and homeland
security was 54 percent of discretionary
spending but that's not where the vast
majority of the budget goes if you look
at the share of all spending which is
what we actually need to do right that's
what we actually need to look at 16% of
all spending is military spending by
2015 standards that'll probably rise to
closer to 20% this year the Health and
Human Services Department which means
Medicare right that is 28% of all
discretion or a discretionary mandatory
spending 25% of all discretionary and
mandatory spending is Social Security
that means that nearly 60% right that's
53% of all spending in the budget is
just from Medicare and Social Security
and that doesn't count welfare programs
food and agriculture which is really the
food stamp program that's 4% of the
budget on the education is that our
three percent of the budget State
Department foreign aid is two percent of
the budget but the two biggest numbers
on that list are not military they are
Medicare and Medicaid and Social
Security that's where all the money is
going and nobody wants to touch that
stuff Paul Ryan wants to touch that
stuff Trump does not want to touch that
stuff Mitch McConnell doesn't want to
touch that stuff Republicans in Congress
don't want to touch that stuff they are
afraid there will be blowback so instead
they've come up with just another budget
compromise that really amounts to we
agree to spend a crapload of money do
you agree to spend a crapload of money
sure let's all agree to spend a crapload
of money now you're not hearing a lot
from the Tea Partiers now it just goes
to show you the Tea Party has basically
been sold sucked I think by the Trump
movement and that's that's a serious
problem
all right President Trump has been good
for a lot of things he's not good on
this he's not good on entitlement she
was never good on entitlements during
the campaign he said he didn't want to
change Social Security in fact he wanted
to increase the amounts in Social
Security and increase the amounts
available through Medicare so the idea
that Trump was ever going to be a Tea
Party ally in the sense that the Tea
Party was about curbing government
spending was not true and the problem is
that if the Tea Party does not spend and
stand up to bad government spending on
both sides they're going to be accused
of simply being anti Obama as opposed to
being principled so they really should
be standing up to this budget deal which
is a garbage budget deal okay the deal
