the media can't get enough of Trump aide
Sam Nunn Berg social media goes crazy
and intersectionality makes people even
crazier than usual I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
so cable news yesterday was a wild
thanks to Sam fun Berg
I mean sam nunn berg of course the
former Trump aide who decided to go on
every TV network and basically vomit his
thoughts everywhere and the media just
kept featuring and we'll talk about all
of that plus I don't get to the West
Virginia teachers strike which is really
kind of avoided the major news which is
kind of amazing I also want to talk
about something brewing inside left-wing
circles and that is really ugly and I'm
not just talking about the
intersectionality that animates college
campuses I'm talking about something
beyond that we'll get to all of that
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at quip so quip is the
best place to go if you are looking for
a solid electric toothbrush and the
reason the quip is better than other
electric toothbrushes is it packs just
the right amount of vibration into a
slimmer designed at a fraction of the
cost of bulkier traditional electric
brushes well your teeth health actually
matters a lot in fact it connects pretty
solidly according to research with your
heart help and there's a reason why you
need an electric toothbrush as opposed
to just a manual toothbrush this
toothbrush from equip works better than
any of the others and it's easy to
travel with as well so I'm on the road a
lot unfortunately and that means that
I've got the quip electric toothbrush
with me fortunately all the time these
are not gonna carry alone that around
that big bulky charger thing it has
guiding pulses alerting you when to
switch sides making brushing at the
right amount effortless it also comes
with the mount that suctions writes your
mirror a nun sticks to use as a cover
for a hygienic travel anywhere whether
it's going in your gym bag or your
carry-on and because the thing that
cleans your mouth should also be clean
that means they have a subscription plan
and it refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule they delivered new
brush heads every three months for just
five bucks including free shipping
worldwide so you never have to worry
about whether you've been using that
same brush head for three years now and
it's disgusting right now equip send
something to you every three months you
just pop on the new head on equip and
you're ready to go clip is backed by a
network of over 10,000 dental
professionals and there is a reason wide
whip starts right now
at 25 bucks and if you go to get quip
comm slash Shapiro get quip comm slash
Shapiro you get your first free pill
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
absolutely free it get quick calm slash
Shapiro GE t qu IP comm slash Shapiro
used that slash appear so they know we
sent you again it is the best toothbrush
in the business and they will send you
these refills that make it really easy
to ensure that your toothbrush is clean
equip is just 25 bucks and if it
quip calm / appear you get that first
refill pack absolutely free and lets
them know that we say you okay so
yesterday the media went totally nuts
over a guy named san nunberg so who is
sam nunn berg so I had a conversation
one time with Santa number get was
shortly after sam nunn Bergen and fired
by the Trump campaign and he called me
up for some reason I can't remember what
it was and he was to say it to say it
mildly a kooky fellow who exactly is Sam
number well the Washington Post who says
nunberg was an early member of Trump's
political team when the moguls potential
candidacy was seen mostly as a stunt in
2014 as Trump continued a long-running
flirtation with higher office nunberg
was at his side BuzzFeed says quote he
comes on a bit strong as you know
according to Roger stone right Roger
stone is a woman more disgusting
political operatives in the business
because I mean within a week of my
meeting him he was going around telling
people I was his mentor he's got clips
but as they say when men Berg is 36
years old and he picked up a law degree
from Toro College in 2009 apparently
according to BuzzFeed his first foray
into presidential campaigning came in
2007 when he worked as a volunteer for
the Romney campaign while attending law
school and he was put in charge of
organizing turnout for the New York City
GOP straw poll and he helped pull up an
upset win for Romney over Rudy Giuliani
he then went to work for the American
Center for Law and Justice which is a
Christian conservative Legal Foundation
run by Jay Sekulow who works for Trump
right now and of course he has made the
rounds in the media he was ousted in the
middle of the last campaign by the Trump
campaign the campaign apparently thought
that he was he was a destructive person
helped Hicks said quote he's a highly
self-destructive individual who makes
routine calls begging for his job back
this is the interview of a desperate
person who is trying to hang on and stay
relevant
the Trump campaign downgraded him to
low-level part-time consultants at the
time of his firing his first meeting
with Trump apparently is on tape this is
from when he was a kid and apparently he
met Trump at a WWE event which is
perfectly fitting here is tape from that
time Donald Trump invited the young
somnom book right into the heart of the
action
we were sitting like behind Trump and he
had us move to the first row and another
section and it was actually funny
because I ended up getting on the video
for Wrestlemania with my father we were
doing like the bushwacker so there is
sam nunn Berg very young Trump political
advisor and apparently he was sued
during the last election cycle Trump
sued him for like ten million dollars
claiming he broke a confidentiality
agreement or at least threatened to sue
him so yeah sam nunn Berg is a colorful
character say the least well he's now
being investigated by the Muller
investigation because the Moller
investigation is talking to every single
person ever including they haven't
talked to me but I think I may be the
only person in America they've left to
talk to so they want to talk to Sam Nunn
Berg so nunberg decides that it's
worthwhile to go on every television
show he can possibly find and go kind of
crazy so he goes on MSNBC and he
explains that if Muller wants to
interview him he's not going to do the
interview in fact he doesn't mind being
sent to jail no big deal so it starts
off with this at MSNBC if they're trying
to build a case against Roger I'm not
gonna be part of it I'm not Roger didn't
do anything
Roger didn't do anything except get
treated like crap by Donald Trump the
president you keep saying you don't
think there'll be a consequence what if
the quality for that is going to jail
Sam you're not gonna send me to jail you
know what mr. Muller if he wants to send
me to jail he could send me to jail and
then and then I'll laugh about it and I
don't make a bigger spectacle that I am
on your TV show right now well sir I
don't know what they're gonna do okay
there was a woman named Susan mcdougal
who during the Obama administration
refused to testify and she ended up
going to jail so this would not be the
first time that somebody who's refused
to testify or talk to the FBI and
they've ended up in jail and then it
gets even worse own unbirth apparently
was on CNN Jake Tapper and he actually
starts asking Jake Tapper whether he
should cooperate with Muller so he's
just going crazy live on TV he called
him to every major television show he
called into New York City one yesterday
here he is with Jake Tapper and look at
the incredulity on tappers base and we
want to hear you cooperate should I
spend 80 hours comes over my emails
shake if it were me I would I mean it's
just
asking my opinion just because it sounds
like a pain but he is the special
counsel and he does have every email I
talked to Steve and Roger stone eight
tons a day do you know what a new well I
do I go well I do I have to life and
special prosecutors are not fair I guess
I would I would cooperate were me but
you know I'm a different breed of cat
Jeffords puzzled by life right here and
then sad number calls into another show
and he explains that President Trump
really didn't go far enough during the
campaign the president Trump should have
had Bill Clinton's alleged in an alleged
illegitimate black child at the debate
this is him calling into MSNBC and
talking with Katy tur wasn't some smart
idea that we had for us to be fired and
then we were to get the emails to Russia
if Roger and me were there Katy we would
have had the Benghazi parents there at
the first debate we would have had Bill
Clinton's illegitimate black child there
at the second debate and we would have
had the women there okay so he was just
going wild on TV yesterday call Sarah
Huckabee Sanders a fat slob he suggests
that there's something there to the
Trump Russia investigation says he's not
going to talk to Muller but he thinks
that there's something going on with the
Trump Russia investigation he thinks
that term probably colluded with Russia
here's nunberg yesterday saying that Lou
Dobbs and Jeanine Pirro and Sean Hannity
are gonna be very embarrassed when all
of the Trump brushes stuff comes out and
by the way you're gonna be fine when it
comes out what he did but people like
Sean Hannity Lou Dobbs Jimmy and Piero
they're gonna have to be they're gonna
be very embarrassed yes yes so the big
question here was is Sam number the
crazy person and that's what everybody
who's watching yesterday's watching this
go on and they were thinking is this
person a crazy person and if he is a
crazy person is it moral to put a crazy
person on TV just to get President Trump
and you can see that members of the
media themselves people who are
interviewing him are suggesting that
he's either drunk or high or crazy on TV
yesterday ari Melbourne over at MSNBC
actually asked Sam Nunn Berg if he is if
he's feeling stressed out because he
says people are worried about you Sam
you and I have both been around these
types of situations these types of
probes they can be very stressful even
for people who are completely innocent
did nothing wrong it can be stressful
how are you holding up and do you want
to take more time to think this through
could you change your mind I'm not gonna
answer something so why does this this
is so ridiculous I'm not gonna give them
every email I had with Steve bandana
Roger stone I communicate with them
every day and are you are you feeling
okay you feeling stressed out like this
no and I'm feeling kind of I want to see
what mr. Miller does it's never been
done before okay and then he goes on
Erin Burnett on sienna era Burnett says
you smell like you are drunk on the air
right now like there's an actual thing
that happened on TV yesterday you know
I've or you're sitting very close to me
yeah we talked earlier about what people
in the White House were saying about you
yeah I've know whether you you were you
were drinking or on drugs or whatever
they were what had happened today I'm
talking to you yeah I have smelled
alcohol well you have another drink so
that's not no and then he says but he is
not anti depressant so here is the big
question okay there are two big
questions one does this guy have
anything useful to say the answer seems
to be no number it doesn't have anything
useful to say so the question becomes
why are the media having him on and
there's really a larger question which
is do the media have a responsibility
not to put people on TV who are
humiliating themselves and making
reality TV show spectacles of themselves
and this is a real open question because
is nunberg is it their job to to
actually not put him on the air if he's
drunk or if he's crazy so I would say
the Erin Burnett does the worst job here
because she actually apparently thinks
he's drunk presumably if an Obama
official walked in completely drunk off
his butt and walked into the CNN studios
security would be called they wouldn't
put him on the air so if Erin Burnett
actually thought that Sam Nunn Berg was
drunk or crazy or off his rocker why put
him on the air and the answer is because
all these people in the media think that
Sam Nunn Berg is going to suddenly drop
the bomb about president Trump or
because they think that it's humiliating
to the Trump administration to have once
had somebody like Sam Nunn Berthe
working for them so on the one hand you
have to say that the media their bias
their attempts to get Trump have gone
too far there are a lot of members of
the media or so interested in getting
Trump or he will awaiting trunk that
they're willing to violate their own
journalistic standards over at Axios the
journalists there Jim VandeHei
particularly is ripping into other
members of the media
this is just spectacle that there is no
news value to this whatsoever you're
putting on somebody who's clearly having
a mental breakdown on national TV and
you're doing so for the ratings and
because you hate President Trump and
that wouldn't be a shock that wouldn't
be a shock I mean when you look at the
media's desperation to get Trump it
really has reached fever pitch I mean
they are now reporting on things like
CNN now traveled to Thailand they sent
somebody to Thailand to dig up clues
about Trump
okay so first last month the network
actually sent a reported
saint-petersburg to literally dig around
in a dumpster looking for leads about
president Trump and now they sent a
reporter to Bangkok to speak with a
prostitute who claims that she has goods
on the Trump camps alleged collusion
with Russia according to grey being calm
the woman her name is Anastasia by
shukhevich who's also described as a sex
coach is currently in prison and hopes
that America will offer her Asylum in
exchange for her story so CNN promptly
sent a reporter over there his name is
Ivan Watson he met with the woman in
reported quote she is she described
herself as a seductress this woman
claims to have evidence of Russian
meddling in the u.s. election the
question is this a desperate ploy to get
out of jail
or as her friend claims is this young
woman truly in danger because she knows
too much it's a CNN has heiped
everything that is possible the hype
about Trump and Russia obviously and
that's pretty damning stuff when it
comes to why they're having people like
same number on TV I don't know that
that's the whole story don't I want to
be fair to CNN I want to be fair to
MSNBC you know explain in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club so
dollarshaveclub.com the folks who will
make give you everything you need to
feel look and smell your best it's not
just that they have the best razors in
the business though they do it's not
just that they have the magical fame dr.
Carver's at shea butter they also have
body wash they have shampoo they have
toothpaste and of course those best
razors that you have ever used those are
the razors that shave my beautiful neck
each and every evening I shave at night
so that when I get up in the morning I'm
ready to do the show certainly anyway so
go to Dollar Shave Club right now and
you get a special deal Dollar Shave Club
for just 5 bucks with Free Shipping
you'll get a 6 blade executive razor
plus trial sizes of shave butter body
cleanser and one wipe Charlies those are
the magical butt wipes they keep those
blades coming for a few bucks more per
month get yours right now
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen when you
try that travel size kit you'll know
whether you like it or not and you will
I promise
Shave Club calm at /bin that's
dollarshaveclub.com / been for just five
bucks again you get the fruit plus free
shipping you get six blade executive
razor plus those trial sizes of the shea
butter the body cleanser the one web
charli's you don't have to go to the
drugstore anymore for your soap for your
shampoo for the razors for any of that
stuff instead you can just sit at home
and wait for the Dollar Shave Club
package to arrive which it will and it
will be spectacular and you will smell
great and you will look great that's
just the way Dollar Shave Club work
style shave club calm slash men and and
you get our special deal plus the slash
gun lets them know that we sent you okay
so obviously the media have an agenda
with regard to president Trump and that
agenda is is pretty obvious now with
that said is there something to be said
for the media not actually being
supremely responsible for what Sam Nunn
Berg did here so at the Atlantic McKay
Coppins who has been following Sam Nunn
work for a long time as a reporter over
the Atlantic used to be a BuzzFeed he
has a long piece here about what Sam
Nunn Berg did was actually on purpose so
it says it was just after 8:00 p.m. on
Monday night and the suddenly famous ham
nunberg had phoned me from Dorian's Red
Hand restaurant a yuppie hangout on
Manhattan's Upper East Side where he was
reveling in his triumph after announcing
earlier that day his intention to defy a
grand jury subpoena he says he received
in the Russia investigation the former
Trump aide had spent the day conducting
a manic media blitz popping up on
multiple cable news programs granting
interviews to dozens of journalists and
hijacking the news cycle with car crash
procession of blustery sound bikes
legal experts were warning his failure
to cooperate with Muller's investigation
could put him in serious legal jeopardy
but none Berg was in a celebratory mood
so when I talked to number of months ago
he was always in a celebratory mood this
is a guy who's kind of manic he said can
you report this he says you have to
report this the champ champ does
whatever the f he wants the champ champ
apparently is a reference to one of his
favorite UFC fighters and apparently he
was it he was alternating between an
unalloyed bravado and a kind of meta
amusement so what exactly was he doing
what exactly what he was he doing
apparently the mystery of his
motivations had hovered over the day's
astonishing events theories attempting
to explain his bizarre behavior
proliferated quickly according to
Coppins some believed he's responding to
being caught in a genuine conspiracy
auditioning for immunity perhaps are
covering up crimes admitted and
committed by allies in the president's
orbit but here's it none Berg's own
explanation after being ordered to hand
over his past private correspondence
with several former Trump
he was sorting through his inbox Monday
morning and determined that complying
with the subpoena would be an
intolerable hassle he said after all I
have a life okay that is that is fully
possible but there is a question to be
asked okay let's assume that Santa
nunberg is borderline nuts let's say
that the guy is a kook which apparently
