the Democrats embrace their socialist
heed incivility becomes the word of the
day and the Supreme Court strikes a
really harsh blow against public sector
unions I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
Wow lots and lots and lots of news today
and we'll get to all of it first I have
to remind you that on July 2nd we are
going to be having a special event and
it's going to be awesome we're going to
be having another episode of the
god-king Jeremy boring hosting The Daily
wire backstage and we're going to be
joined by Jordan Peterson celebrating
Independence Day a couple of days early
7:00 p.m. Eastern on July 2nd and
obviously it'll be Jeremy it'll be me
it'll be Jordan and then Andrew Clavin
and Michael Moses will be there as well
and we will look back on our country's
birth and look ahead to its future with
the world's most famous Canadian
subscribers we'll even be able to write
in live questions for us to answer on
the air and that again is Monday July
2nd 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with
special guests Jordan Peterson you can
find our special live screen on Facebook
and YouTube so subscribe there and make
sure you subscribe it to the wire so you
can ask questions because let's face it
it's the only chance you're ever going
to have the actually ask Jordan Peterson
a question that he's going to answer
from you he's just too inundated so
become a member with us pay us and then
we'll get your questions with them
basically that's the pitch that I'm
making here so we'll get to the news in
just a second first I also want to
remind you that the economy is a
volatile place particularly when
President Trump is pushing tariffs that
could have significant impact on the
future of the US dollar if we ends up in
a trade war with China China owns an
enormous amount of American bonds if
they start selling those bonds on the
open market the value of the dollar is
going to drop relatively radically if
that should happen you will be very glad
that you invested in precious metals and
that is why you ought to be looking into
investing in precious metals at least a
little bit it's a hedge against
inflation a hedge against uncertainty
and my savings plan every savings plan
should include a level of
diversification and that includes gold
of course gold is a safe haven against
uncertainty the folks that I trust with
gold investment are the folks over at
Birch gold group they sell physical
precious metals for your own possession
they will ship metals directly to your
front door and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can move
your eligible IRA or 401k into an IRA
backed by physical gold and silver and
again gold is a great hedge against
uncertainty in the market Birch gold has
a long-standing track record of
continued success thousands of satisfied
clients
countless five-star reviews and a plus
rating with the Better Business Bureau
you all know about Birch gold free info
kit but for a limited time they're doing
something even cooler qualified
purchases can earn up to an additional
10,000 dollars in precious metals for
free through July 31st so to find out if
your purchase will qualify con
Birch gold group right now go to
birchgold.com slash men to request that
free info kit on gold and when you speak
to a Birch gold rep make sure to mention
my name
that's birchgold.com slash man let them
know that I sent you and do it now
because the offer only runs until July
31st again qualified purchases can earn
up to an additional 10 grand in precious
metals for free terms and limitations do
apply ask your sales representative for
details that's birchgold.com /ban okay
so the big news of the day is the
Supreme Court has handed down a ruling
that's a serious serious damage to
public sector unions all across the
nation and the reason is because public
sector unions are awful okay we need to
explain a little bit about the
background of public sector unions and
why they are bad and how this corrupt
bargain works between public sector
unions and state governments as well as
the federal government so here's the way
that it usually works in order for you
to be certified as a public sector union
or as Union generally that is
negotiating on behalf of an entire block
an entire industry you have to be
certified by the National Labor
Relations Board the National Labor
Relations Board decides that your entire
industry now fits within a bargaining
unit and then if a majority of that
bargaining unit votes to join a union
then that union now represents the
entirety of that bargaining unit so
let's say that you are a welder and
you're contracting with the federal
government so the NLRB will determine
that you are part of a sector and that
sector can now be representative by the
afl-cio for example if they choose to if
half of the people in that unit choose
to join the afl-cio vote to be
represented by the Union then the Union
gets to represent that entire collective
bargaining unit against the federal or
state government that's the way this
typically works okay in the state of
Illinois they passed a law that permits
public employee union eyes if a majority
of the employees in a bargaining unit
vote to be represented by a union that
union is designated as the exclusive
representative of all the employees even
those who do not join now the way this
becomes very corrupt obviously is number
one public sector unions are a massive
drain on fiscal resources because they
are not bargaining with the boss of a
company if all the members of daily
water decided to unionize and then they
decided to bargain with us the
leadership at the company we have an
interest in bargaining against them we
have an interest in saving money you
have two adversarial sides and then they
come to an agreement because the growth
of the business as well as the the
necessity of paying workers what they
need we all want to get to the
same point but we're coming at it from
opposite sides if you're a member of a
public sector Union and you are
bargaining with legislators legislators
have no interest in saving money
legislators are much more interested in
making some sort of deal with the Union
such that the Union gets paid a lot of
money and then the Union then dumps a
bunch of money back into electing those
legislators again legislators don't care
because it ain't their money right there
are third parties it's your money and my
money that are being represented by
legislators so there's this corrupt
bargain that goes on where unions get
certified as a as a union and then they
go and bargain with a bunch of
legislators and then the legislators
hand them a bunch of money and those
unions take some of that money and they
pour it back into the campaign's of
those legislators to get them reelected
it's this very very corrupt cycle it's
happening California for decades while
Illinois has very similar law under the
under the Illinois law the real problem
is not just that the Union can be
certified on behalf of an entire
bargaining unit which again I have no
idea how that's even constitutional in
the first place the National Labor
Relations Act in my view is deeply
unconstitutional I do not see how I as
an individual worker should be co-opted
into the bargaining of a collective unit
right this is not legislation this is
not me voting for politicians who are
going to install a minimum wage this is
a group of people in my particular
sector who may not represent a majority
of the population voting for a a union
that is supposedly going to represent me
even though I don't want them
representing me it is the it is removing
my personal ability to bargain on my own
behalf for a better job or a better pay
or better raise it's removing that
ability from me on the basis of a vote
inside of a collective bargaining unit
decided by the federal or state
government and that seems to me deeply
unconstitutional in the first place but
even assuming that part's constitutional
the question before the Supreme Court
that was decided today was can all of
those people who did not actually want
to join the Union be forced to pay the
union so according to law in Illinois
only the Union may engage in collective
bargaining individual employees may not
be represented by another agent or
negotiate directly with their employer
so my rights have been removed right the
union itself is the only unit that can
now bargain with the government if I'm a
really good employee of the federal or
state government then I can't bargain
with my employer I can't go in and say I
want a raise because they already have a
union contract and violates the union
contract for them to give me a raise is
one of the reasons why teachers unions
terrible because great teachers can't
bargain with the school for higher pay
or for a raise and great schools can't
fire bad teachers because of these union
contracts non-members and this is the
part that is become controversial
non-members are required to pay what is
generally called an agency fee which is
a percentage of full union dues under
Abood versus Detroit which was a
decision made back in 1977 this fee may
cover union expenditures attributable to
those activities germane to the union's
collective bargaining activities but may
not cover the union's political and
ideological projects the problem of
course is that unions use this money in
fungible fashion it is it germane to
politics to push Democrats kind of is it
germane to the functioning of the union
to push particular legislators the
argument can certainly be made the union
sets the agency fee annually and then
sends non-members and notice explaining
the basis for the fee and the breakdown
of expenditures here in this particular
case it was 78% of full union dues okay
so to recapitulate there are several
issues that have to do with unions only
one was decided today so one issue
number one is should unions be given the
power to bargain collectively on the on
behalf of non-members I think the answer
should be no to that it seems to me that
unions can be just fine if everybody
wants to join the union in fact the
whole point of having a union is that
people want to join it but if you have
to kneecap people if you have these the
the government in order to force people
to be represented by a union I don't see
how that doesn't violate the
Constitution that was not what was it at
issue though even assuming that unions
have the capacity to represent people
who do not want to be members then there
was a law on the books in Illinois it's
in California it's in a bunch of other
states in the Union this law suggested
that even if I did not want to join the
Union but the union is now bargaining on
my behalf
I know am forced by the government to
pay that Union so the government now
becomes the enforcer for the Union you
see how corrupt this is the government
forces me to pay money to a union so the
Union can pay members of the government
to cut it a better deal
his is all deeply deeply corrupt so
there's a member of the Union who a non
member of the Union actually state
employee whose unit was represented by a
public sector union in Illinois and he
refused to join the Union because he
doesn't like a lot of its positions
including those taken in collective
bargaining and he was paying something
like five hundred bucks a year to this
Union even though he didn't want to join
the Union in the first place so the
Supreme Court
held today under the under the decision
written by Justice Alito and joined by
Kennedy and Gorsuch and Thomas Ben
Roberts this this decision held that
this part of the law is no longer
applicable that you cannot force
non-members of unions to pay union dues
which seems like an obvious thing I
didn't want to join the union why should
I be forced to pay the dues so the
counter-argument to that that's been
made by folks on the left is well what
happens when all the members of the
Union decided not to pay the Union they
decide they don't want to be represented
by the Union anymore because they don't
want to pay the union dues and they are
quote unquote free riders right now
they're getting benefits of Union of
union representation without having to
pay the fee and the answer to that is so
what so what the answer to that is then
the Union should do a better job of
earning its members loyalty and earning
its members money it shouldn't be the
government stepping in and forcing
people to pay the Union when you don't
want to pay the Union in the first place
so Justice Alito delivers the opinion of
the court and your rights under Illinois
law public employees are forced to
subsidize the Union even if they choose
not to join and strongly object to the
positions the Union takes in collective
bargaining and related activities we
conclude that this arrangement violates
the free speech rights of non-members by
compelling them to subsidize private
speech on matters of substantial public
concern and this of course is exactly
right and Justice Alito goes on to
explain why all of the the foolishness
that is being pushed by the by the left
on the on these Union issues is
unconstitutional is the First Amendment
made applicable to the States by the
Fourteenth Amendment forbids bridge
mints of the freedom of speech we've
held time and again that freedom of
speech quote includes both the right to
speak freely and the right to refrain
from speaking at all the right to eschew
association for expressive purposes is
likewise prohibited is likewise
protected as justice Jackson memorably
put it if there is any fixed star in our
constitutional constellation it is that
no official high or petty can prescribe
what shall be Orthodox and politics
nationalism religion or other matters of
opinion or for citizens to confess by
word or act their faith therein
compelling individuals to mouth support
for views they find objectionable
violates that Cardinal constitutional
command and in most context any such
efforts would be universally condemned
suppose for example the state of
Illinois required all residents to sign
a document expressing support for
particular set of positions on
controversial public issues say the
platform of one of the major political
parties no one we trust would seriously
argue that the First Amendment permits
the
perhaps because such compulsion so
plainly violates the Constitution most
of our free speech cases have involved
restrictions on what can be said rather
than the laws compelling speech but
measure to measure x' compelling speech
are at least as threatening and then
goes on to discuss the fact that these
unions are essentially compelling speech
he says that the dissent in this
particular case proposes that we apply
what amounts to a rational basis review
that is that we ask only whether a
government employer could reasonably
reasonably believe that the exaction of
agency fees serves his interest this
form of minimal scrutiny is foreign to
our free speech jurisprudence and we
reject it here ok so then they go
through the Abood decision which is a
1977 decision saying the state can
compel people to pay money to unions and
just Alito destroys it he says there
were basically two rationales that were
used by the court in Abood to suggest
that unions could actually be forced to
that non-union members could be forced
to pay agency fees okay argument number
one was labor peace right so what the
hell is labor peace can it's a stupid
argument in the first place labor peace
is apparently the idea that if you are
not forced to pay an agency fee to the
Union then you may instead go join
another Union and then that other Union
will be certified and a different Union
will be decertified and the answer to
that is so the hell what why should you
be locked into a union forever that's
idiotic
and alito to bunks that fully I'll
explain what Alito has to say in just a
second first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at black rifle coffee so
I'm very excited to have black rifle
coffee on board if you've ever found
yourself just wincing at the weak taste
of coffee from one of those left-leaning
corporate brands you know the kind that
says that you can use their bathroom for
free no matter how homeless you are or
whether you decide that you want to
actually buy a bubbly water or not well
then perhaps you ought to try black
rifle coffee okay the folks at black
rifle coffee they're a hardcore they're
politically incorrect and they are just
awesome founded by former Special
Operations that's black rifle delivers
the best roasts to order coffee directly
to your door it guarantees our getting
fresh premium coffee with every order it
has a particularly awesome spicing in
addition to great coffee and gear black
rifle has a coffee club that makes
things easy
that means no lines no running out just
great coffee shipwrights yards or every
month hassle-free I've talked to the
founders of black rifle coffee and it is
just spectacular I mean they these are
folks who do not care about political
correctness they say what they want they
say what they feel and not only that
they make awesome
Coffee plus when you joined their coffee
cup Club you'll receive discounts and
offers not available to other customers
not only does black rifle make one hell
of a cup of coffee they also give a
portion of their sales to veterans and
first responder causes so you can feel
good about buying coffee from them when
you choose black rifle you're choosing a
company that supports vets and serves
coffee and culture to those who love
America so check it out black rifle
coffee calm slash been receive 15% off
your order you won't regret it the
coffee's awesome the people are great
and you're supporting a great cause
black rifle coffee calm / Ben that's
black rifle coffee calm / ban for 15%
off again black rifle coffee calm / man
I love these guys check them out black
rifle coffee calm / ban okay so again
the argument that was being made by a
bunch of folks on the left is that we
have to prop up these unions because we
must have a labor peace okay there's no
such thing as labor peace labor labor
peace is called monopoly if you
suggested on the other side of the aisle
that employers should be able to get
together and decide wages because what
we really need is wage peace everybody
would understand that amounts to
collusion a monopoly but when a union
does it and the government props up that
union this is supposed to lead to labor
peace which is just ridiculous the only
capacity before unions to strike is when
they have a monopoly you want to destroy
the labor market all you have to do is
have monopolies of unions because then
those unions can walk off the job
particularly if they are contracted with
public sector with public sector
employers now you've seen this you've
actually seen police officers walk off
the job and firefighters walk off the
job which makes cities completely
