if you totally believe in free tonight
just because you say you believe in
freedom but if you really want people to
think for themselves they're gonna start
thinking some things you don't like so
welcome I am here today with Dave Rubin
and we're gonna jump in with Dave Rubin
of the Rubin report one of I would say
my best political friends out there and
a real inspiration so a lot of folks are
trying to open their minds about
politics but first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over a policy genius so
over 80% of people think life insurance
costs double what it actually costs not
only that almost a hundred percent of
people think buying life insurance is a
pain in the neck because it is the truth
is a healthy 35 year olds can get half a
million bucks in coverage for less than
30 bucks a month and getting life
insurance does not have to be
complicated because there's policy
genius listen I know you think you're
never gonna die everything's gonna be
fine you know live healthily
well not true someday you will die and
your family will need the money that's
why you should get life insurance now
and policy genius is the easy way to
compare life insurance online in just
five minutes you can compare quotes from
the top insurers to find the best policy
for you policy genius has helped over 4
million people shop for insurance
they've placed over 20 billion dollars
in coverage and they don't just make
life insurance easy they also compared
disability insurance and renter's
insurance and health insurance if you
care about it they can cover it so if
you've been thinking about getting a
life insurance go to policy genius calm
it is the easy way to compare the top
insurers and find the best policy for
you you'll be saving time and money and
hassle and it's free policy genius
because comparing life insurance does
not actually need to be a pain in the
neck okay so I could not be more excited
to welcome my friend Dave Rubin here
Dave good to see you good to see you I
like that line if you die it's too late
it is that is how I live my life
basically that I better get it done now
because you never know well one of the
great things about Dave Rubin is that
the first time I was introduced you I
think was probably on your show oh we
knew each other before before I was on
your show and you are I think one of the
best interviewers in the business so
people normally see stuff like this and
expect us to see the chairs reversed
yeah but what's what's really fun about
this I actually want to ask about some
of the sent your own journey because you
don't actually get to talk about that
too much
very quickly though I just for the
record clearly by you being an interview
and you stole this for me I was the one
that came up with the idea of the
interview nice people sitting there
talking about you have culturally
appropriated it for me I just want to
put oh yeah and then just like
just like America we've been culturally
appropriate from others and then we're
gonna make the best of it make more
money so that mean that's our actual
plan listen if you make a better
interview show than me to me that truly
I'm not kidding that would be great
because that would make me do better I
love competition I'm not even saying
we're yeah but I love that that's the
point we this whole crew of people that
I'm sure we're gonna talk about we're
all rising together dancing where the
differences are and that's awesome so
it's like I would love the idea of oh
ship heroes doing a show and more of
these guys are connecting and more of
these ideas are not sauce it's awesome
and that's why I'm here yeah it's really
exciting so okay before we get to you
know what you referenced there the the
so called intellectual dark web but turn
joined by our common friend Eric
Weinstein yeah I first want to ask you
about your own personal journey for
being where you are because if you look
at your YouTube channel and you look at
the videos that have the highest hit
count there's still some from your Young
Turks days you know from the days when
you're in league with with our good
friend shank yeah girl and so so I I
want to ask you sort of for people who
don't know about your journey from being
pretty hard left yeah to being
open-minded about politics to the extent
that you know you and I are probably
much more in league together than
certainly you and shank well especially
on the big stuff on the big stuff
particularly let's hear about how did
you move from where you were to now
where you are considering also the fact
that you're openly gay you're married to
a dude yeah how exactly how about you're
saying it I put it into right really
yeah I mean look there's a lot here
first off I always find it funny and I
just tweeted something about this that
like people will look back on the way
you thought a couple years ago or
something you tweeted a couple years ago
or what you said a couple years ago and
then you see you say or do or think
something different now and they think
you're a flip-flopper or you've sold out
or some incarnation of that and I always
think how ridiculous and and sad
actually that is the one thing that
separates us from the animals is that we
can think we can learn we can actually
change our minds and I'm impressed when
people go you know I used to think that
way and now I think this way it doesn't
mean you abandon your ideals your morals
or all the other stuff that I think
we're going to talk about but it means
that you can take new information in and
change so without giving you the the
full long story of the full evolution
what I would say is when I was part of
the Young Turks a lot of it had to do
solely on the gay marriage thing that
the left was pounding this issue
and for me all I've ever wanted is equal
rights I don't want special rights I
don't want anything extra I want
equality of opportunity and that's it
and this one issue which directly
affected me personally I think it did
blur or color how I felt about some
other things you know I would like you I
was a political science major and it's
funny I think back now and a mic man
knowing what I think now about politics
and understand about freedom and the
people that have influenced me and that
I've been able to sit across and learn
from I don't know how I really thought
that much that I do I thought that the
left really made sense that the state
really made sense the collectivism made
sense but I do think partly what
happened was at least for a couple years
I was hijacked in a way my mind was
hijacked by that one issue yeah because
if you're not treated equally in some
way then that can become something that
colors everything else so it's not
totally about that but I think that was
a large part of it and then look gay
people are equal now everyone in this
country is equal I mean that's that's
the truth there are no laws on the books
right now that cause inequality that
doesn't mean inequality doesn't right is
that we don't live in a utopia and thank
God we don't live in a utopia by the way
because it's not real man and on the way
to utopia you get dystopia and I think
that we might be heading there right now
but I were trying to fight it right so I
would say basically once I once I woke
up and I started really seeing what the
left was and and the endless hysteria
that you know all about and the
attacking people's motives constantly
lying smearing basically turning on fox
news and going that's what they're doing
and we're gonna do the reverse that's
not a position to hold a position to
hold is something that you truly believe
in and understand where rights and
morals and all the rest of it comes from
and I would say more than anything else
my real evolution is because I do this I
mean every week I sit down with people
from you to jordan peterson to sam
harris to thomas soul and an incredible
array of thinkers and i I swear to eben
I sit there I look at them as you're
looking at me now and I try to take in
as much as I can and be as honest as
possible and I can see right now you
don't have a ton of notes on you I
didn't you know we talked a little bit
before and we're gonna do our thing and
that's how I try to approach an
interview I don't have a motive
I try to honestly hear these people
and sometimes you can figure it out when
someone doesn't know what they're
talking about but let them say it yeah
and let that be to let that let the
audience decide so I want to talk about
your interview style in just a second
and the people here there's been some
controversy associated with some of the
folks that you interview but I think
that you know of all the people that
you're talking about the one thing that
I've said that I think that all these
folks have in common is that they
actually like examining ideas and we're
not ripping on each other's motives
we're not constantly suggesting that
we're coming from a bad place trying to
do bad things and that more than
anything is I think what unifies this
group of people that and the fact that
there are a lot of people out there who
cut against their prevailing audiences
to say particular things absolutely I
mean think about this I take positions
that I mean we did it on my show just a
couple months ago right I you know you
know I'm pro-choice but grudgingly
pro-choice and I talked about the
20-week thing and you made an
interesting argument where you said you
know if you're saying it's a life at 20
weeks but it you know you can feel aim
that's my arguing that well I concede it
to you yes it is obviously a life at 18
weeks it's one of those issues that
whether we agree or disagree we should
be doing that right we should be having
that argument and I think out of this
whole crew of people whether it's Eric
or his brother Brett weinstein or
christina hoff sommers or sam harris or
whoever it is we're all taking some
unpopular positions that go against what
our base if you want to call it believe
that shows a little bit of character
that shows a little bit of of a desire
for truth and that's all we're trying to
do here and and really to your point
though I think how often to any of us
really attack people now look me and you
are big on Twitter and we fight with
spirit exactly now and again like every
but going on your way to attack somebody
for who they are is something that I
don't think any of us do none of us do
it and have we ever done it and slipped
up and you can word thing a certain way
or whatever yes of course but if you
really look at the breadth of work of
these people and all the times we've
come together and now a bunch of us are
doing public events and all that we
consistently are talking about ideas we
are not talking about people and that
simply does not happen with most of
what's going on with the left these days
they attack motives they attack your
your human the most inner part of you
and that's what they go for and it's
because they've grown fat they've
controlled the narrative for so long
that they don't want a debate
because they felt that they didn't have
to for so long and that's why I think so
many of them hate me yeah it's not that
they think I'm necessarily wrong it's
that I know what that is I was in it so
they can go it's like it's easy for them
to hate you you know right like it's
easy for them to hate Glenn Beck it's
easy for them to hate Prager and all
that because like we've always hated the
program the Conservatives but wait
here's one of us right and not only that
I mean they they look at they look at
folks like you and they say okay here's
a gay guy who's not toeing the party
line well that means that he must not
legitimately begin secretly must be
subscribing to playboy or something make
you blush right now but I assure you
that I'm gay I mean it just yeah even
that it doesn't matter we can talk about
that if you want but it's just to me
it's so we realize the tokenism and this
is one thing that does bother me on both
sides is the sort of tokenism that
adheres to both sides so on the one side
you'll see from the left this idea that
if you are gay then you cannot be
conservative or as you saw with Kanye
West if you're legitimately black or you
care about black folks then you can't
actually be a fan of president Trump's
you can't be an independent thinker in
any way and then I do think that there
are some folks on the right there's a
question about the right to which they
look at somebody like you or like a
Kanye and instead of saying that's an
individual who agrees me that's really
awesome they'll say look a gay guy
agrees with me yeah and all of a sudden
it's like ooh totally different whereas
I think the proper response to that is
okay so he's gay you know whatever like
we agree that's the important thing
right yeah I mean look this is where no
but nobody's fully right all the time
you know you mean like we all have our
internal biases we all are constantly
trying to figure well if you're if
you're an honest thinker you're trying
to figure out what's going on so yes to
both sides kind of pick and choose when
they want to play identity politics and
all that for me as someone that came
from the left eye I know it so well that
line of thinking and and it it basically
spread like a virus throughout all of
the left if you look at my show like the
first time I had you on which was almost
three years ago yeah and again we did
not know each other and I think you came
in very ready to fight like you were
like oh I'm sitting down with a lefty
right you were ready to fight and I
really was they're like yeah let's do it
and look what's happened in these last
couple years where we've become allies
in this yes so people say to me well you
don't attack the right enough now first
off
by and large I've been welcomed for all
of my differences I go to events that
you've been to I go to the the
turning-point event that we did in West
Palm Beach it was the biggest College
conservative gathering I think of ever
yeah basically I went up there I talked
about being gay married and pro-choice
and for euthanasia and a whole bunch of
things that are better completely
regular with your chin and guess what I
got a standing ovation not the Shapiro's
level ovation but I got a pretty good
that's a different thing to it but but
but that's the point so you cannot tell
me that these people are the intolerant
ones because I constantly see the
reverse of that and all I see is in
taunton life but they are you guys
genuinely are the tolerant ones and the
left this thing that I was talking about
has taken over every I mean from top
down from from Bernie to the women's
March and however low level you want to
go does that not mean that of course
there are some there are decent lefties
I think there's a lot of misguided me
but I don't believe these are all bad
people what I do believe is that we can
show them that actually if you really
care about live-and-let-live if you
really care about gay people or black
people are Muslim people or the rest the
only way to do that is let people live
free well how do you do that it's
through libertarian and this is the part
this is the place where there really is
a crossover because whether you're a
conservative libertarian or a
left-leaning libertarian libertarianism
I think is probably the wave of the
future in the sense that people want to
leave each other alone
for the most part like that that's why
abortion is such a big disagreement
because there are left-leaning
libertarians who say well that's a
woman's choice and right-leaning
libertarians like me who say well that's
an independent human child and so this
implicates actual Liberty issues but
it's why for example you start off by
saying that you were really on the Left
because of the gay marriage issue you
know I've been in in favor of government
getting out of the business of marriage
for years and years and years and years
before Obama was in favor of same-sex
marriage I was in favor of the
government getting out of the business
of marriage even though as a religious
person and you know this because we've
discussed this yeah as a religious
person I still think homosexual activity
is a sin but who cares we live in a free
country you can believe that I'm an
idiot
right I mean let's not gloss over that
point I really mean this I really want
to focus a with you here I genuinely
don't care right
I mean I really mean that like I hope
look hopefully then we'll be friends for
another 50 years and all
and will change will change the world to
be a freer place and all that and maybe
when we're 80 will do this again and
you'll go you know Dave after all these
years maybe maybe you're not a sinner it
doesn't it and I don't even think you
really view me that way and it truly
doesn't matter to me as long as you're
not coming onto my property and trying
to harm me and this will really need to
understand that and people need to
understand that I think in general about
religious folks is that just because
religious people think something is a
sin doesn't mean they think the
government should get involved or that
it's my job to lecture to you about the
sort of sin in which you are
participating particularly if this is
something that you know you're involved
in or you're set on like there's actual
counterproductive things that are being
done so they do this though is where I
think the Conservatives got a little
crossed up with the religious crew and
for years was doing too much moralizing
and preaching and for example so for the
years before gay marriage became law I
believe that you were taking the the
libertarian position on this yes the
government shouldn't be involved but
very a few conservatives we're doing
like Rand Paul for example should have
been screaming about that right he
should have said this has like I'm the
libertarian of you guys and bank
conservatives and Republicans that
should have been his mantle not because
he really I don't care what he thinks
about gay marriage one way or another
but he should have State staked out that
position and he could have led the
conservative I think that's who a more
principled position but but he didn't
because everyone's always playing
politics in their own little thing but
at the end of the day if you got guess
what it's the law of the land right now
so also and this is the case that I make
to religious people if you're a
religious leaning libertarian right who
believes that certain things are sins so
what
meaning that here's here's throw them
right exactly I don't sleep with the
dude eggs done we're there right exactly
and I think one of the things that I've
made the case do with religious people
is if you're a religious person and you
don't want the government cracking down
on you from the reverse side if you
don't on the state of California saying
same-sex marriages now the law of the
land and your church has to perform
same-sex marriages well then you should
be in favor of the government getting
