alfie evan struggles for life North
Korea and South Korea meet and we check
the mail back this is the Ben Shapiro
show
so there's a lot of news today some of
it I think quite frustrating I'm more
frustrated with the news I think today
that a lot of other people are on the
right I'll explain why that is in just a
second first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at texture so you are
addicted to information you are and
that's why you listen to this podcast
that's why I talk so fast because I like
conveying information well if you are
addicted to information then there's one
app you need and that is the people over
a texture right their texture app is
just fantastic you're reading more than
then you could possibly imagine when
you're stuck at an airport and you've
run out of reading material and now you
take your iPad well what do you have to
do have subscribed to seven eight
magazines instead you have the texture
app and it gives you unlimited access to
over 200 top magazines including people
the Atlantic Time Vanity Fair okay I've
actually gotten guests on this show from
reading some of the magazines that I
subscribe to with texture with texture
again you get unlimited access to those
200 top magazines and all their back
issues in a single app so anytime you
want to explore one you can and if you
sign up right now at texture comm slash
pen you actually got a 7 day free trial
again to start that free trial go to
texture comm slash pen you can start
reading the latest issues of your
favorite magazines today there's a
reason that there are so many of these
magazines that are increasing
circulation the in-depth reporting at
places like New Yorker which is included
in the texture app it's just top-notch
texture calm slash Ben it's a place to
go when you want your 7 day free trial
oh access to over 200 top magazines
textured calm / ben if you're an
information junkie there's no better app
texture calm / Ben go check it out and
use that / Ben so they know that we sent
you okay so the latest in the Alfie
Evans case from Great Britain so I
wanted to talk a little bit about a
counter argument that's being made with
regard to Alfie Evans you'll recall that
Alfie Evans the 23 month old baby who
has an undiagnosed brain condition a
degenerative brain condition that has
left him with apparently 30% brain
function and his parents want to take
him out of Great Britain and bring him
to Italy for experimental treatments and
the British government has said no he
must die here in this hospital they have
now removed him from life support he's
now going on and believed three days
without life support they said he was
gonna die right away and now he's still
alive right he's still breathing
apparently his dad has been giving him
mouth-to-mouth in the hospital let's
just start with this if mom and dad were
at home and they had a kid with a brain
condition and they were deliberately
refusing that kid water they would be
brought up on charges of child abuse and
past
homicide instead because this is being
done in a hospital everybody says that
it's okay
but now alfea's family has issued a
statement okay the the statement is this
note to supporters asking them to stand
down as they negotiate with the hospital
why because apparently according to the
UK Telegraph alfea's doctors told
reporters that Alfie's parents must make
a sea change in their attitude toward
the medical system holding their son
hostage quote instead the judge said at
the best alfea's parents could hope for
was to explore the options of removing
him from intensive care to either a ward
a hospice or his home but a doctor
treating Alfie who cannot be named for
legal reasons said that for Alfie to be
allowed home would require a sea change
in attitude from the child's family and
they feared that in the worst case they
would try to take the boy abroad I mean
there's an astonishing claim that
somehow the parents have to evidence a
sea change in their attitudes their kid
who's dying can wet when alfie dies
which she probably will when Alfie dies
it will not be any of these doctors
visiting his grave it will not be any of
the bureaucrats who the judge is
visiting his grave it'll be out the
evidences parents who are going there to
bring flowers and pray for him
apparently devout Catholics this idea
that they have to change their attitude
toward the government demonstrates once
again that this is all about treating
the government is God not at all about
the best interests of the child say
Alfie's parents have now told me on
Thursday afternoon they plan to meet
without these doctors as soon as
possible
Alaa Raheja Hospital withdrew Alfie's
life support on Monday the child has
survived breathing on his own with only
minimal help since then so according to
the the statement from Kate James and
Tom Evans the parents at sea I wish to
make a statement on behalf of myself and
Kate our lives have been turned upside
down by the intense focus on Alfie and a
situation our little family along with
out there has become the center of
attention for many people around the
world it is meant we have not been able
to live our lives as we would like we're
very grateful and we appreciate all the
support we've received from around the
world including from our Italian and
Polish supporters who have dedicated
their time and support to our incredible
fight we would now ask you to return
back to your everyday lives and allow
myself Kate and alder hate a former
relationship build a bridge and walk
across it sounds like a hostage
statement it sounds like a hostage
statement the UK healthcare system is
holding this kid hostage and holding the
parents hostage unless they're nice
about things so what is the count what
does the counter kazigos try and take
the the best possible counter case being
presented by the by medical left in
britain so their case is that alfie is
suffering by being alive and the best
thing that can happen for him is to die
quickly
and quietly in the most humane possible
fashion right this is really the case
that they are making the making the case
for euthanasia of Alfea or at least the
case for removing him from life support
the difference between euthanasia and
removal from life support is of course
the level of activity undertaken by the
doctors in euthanasia then they give you
a cocktail of drugs and you die in this
particular case there was throwing life
support and hoping that Alfie dies
quickly I mean I don't mean that
facetiously they are hoping that Alfie
dies quickly and in his little pain as
possible
there's a phrase that's been kicked
around by a lot of folks on the on the
medical left and in the bureaucracy in
Britain and it's a phrase that's been
repeated now by the judge in this
particular case it's been repeated by
the staff at elder hay Hospital it's
been repeated by NHS doctors writing for
the UK Guardian and that is Death with
Dignity which is a euthanasia phrase
Death with Dignity okay so here for
example the hospital said that their
goal was to kill Alfie with dignity
judge Hayden who's the person IDing
judge in this case talks similarly of
dignity and NHS doctor named Rachel
Clarke wrote in an op-ed for the UK
Guardian quote withdrawal of care is
neither killing nor murder but enables a
patient to die with comfort and dignity
so we have to actually we have to
actually distinguish between two
particular terms one is comfort and the
other is dignity now it is possible to
objectively determine whether someone is
going to die in more or less comfort
yeah I can tell that as a third party
and my wife works at a hospital we're
talking about this case yesterday and
she was talking about you know some of
the ways that people that she's seen
people's eye and they are horrific
they're absolutely horrendous I mean
there there are certainly cases in which
people would have died with more comfort
if they'd been moved to a hospice two
weeks before their death and then been
given morphine as they as they
transition from life right I mean that
would be the there's no question that
people died in a myriad range of
unfortunate and horrifying ways so if
your top priority is somebody time with
comfort then you can say okay want Alfie
to die with comfort and the experimental
treatment will be too painful
and so we're arguing with the parents
that they are not keeping the best
interest of the child at heart because
what they really are doing is extending
the they're not extending his chances of
getting better
they're making him suffer more and we
don't want him to suffer more so our
best interests are more aligned with the
best interest of the child that argument
I don't think is is a dispositive one I
don't even think it's a particularly
good one but I do think that it's an
argument that is that has some merit
some weight because again I can assess
as a third party whether you are in
comfort or whether you're not in comfort
anyone can tell that but dignity is a
different thing when the left has been
equated comfort and dignity for a while
and this is a materialistic conception
of what life constitutes right if you
believe that comfort and life and
dignity in life are the same thing
or comfort and death and dignity and
death are the same thing then that's a
pretty materialistic vision of what
exactly life is because dignity then is
boiled down to the level of physical
comfort you are experiencing at any
given time right that if you are a
person who's on your deathbed and you
choose to suffer all the way through
your last moments because you want to
cling to life because you think life is
just that important and you think that
it is important that your children know
that you struggled all the way to your
last breath
because you think that life is worth
clinging to and you should never give up
even when the situation is hopeless if
that's a lack of that's a lack of
dignity according to some people on the
left because the most dignified thing
would be just die in comfort because
comfort and dignity are the same thing
but obviously they are not the same
thing hey death with comfort again is
something that can be objectively
determined and we can know that a woman
who's dying on Val obstruction and is
choking on her own on her own stool
right we can we know that that person is
dying with less comfort but can you
honestly say that person is dying with
less dignity I'm not sure that you can
because dignity is a state of mind
relative to both yourself and to others
right if you treat yourself in dignified
fashion that means that you are acting
in accordance with your own personal
values that's I think the definition of
dignity with regard to yourself that you
have a set of values and you are
standing by those no matter what the
risk that is that is the definition of
dignity in accordance with yourself
dignity with regard to others is how
well you maintain your your standard of
stolidity in the face of serious pain
whenever we talk about the kind of stiff
British upper lip that's what they're
talking about they're talking about that
that sort of dignity they're not talking
about comfort they're talking about how
much suffering can you take without
actually without actually becoming a
burden on others and talking about an
emotional burden on others but to equate
comfort and dignity is a real mistake
because great men and women die in
horrible agony on a regular basis great
men and women very often are trying to
make a point by dying in agony that they
don't actually want to they don't
actually want to give up I'm like life
is more than just the level of physical
comfort they're experiencing at a given
time dying with comfort
be a term that's applicable to this baby
right would say Alfie you might say that
you know maybe Alfie should die and more
comfort than his parents want him to die
in time with dignity doesn't apply
because Alfie is 23 months old he
doesn't have the capacity to act in
accordance with his own virtuous ideas
because
Alfie's a baby right so that means that
he can't act in accordance with that and
as far as dignity with regard to others
that also doesn't really apply to Alfie
because the question now is whether his
parents or the state get to determine
what dignity looks like rights as the
state gets determined that its version
of dignity ie comfort is the governing
standard or do his parents get to
determine what dignity looks like maybe
they think dignity looks like you fight
for life all the way until your end of
your life no matter what the
consequences okay well that is certainly
an open question that's certainly a
question that's that's subjective in
nature there's no hard standard as to
whether the state is right or whether
his parents are right in their
definition of dignity and when in doubt
you got to go with the parents because
the parents again are the ones who care
more about Alfie there's a famous story
about Phil Gramm Phil Gramm is a senator
former senator from Texas in the United
States and and Phil Gramm apparently had
an exchange he liked to tell about with
this one leftist woman where he was
saying to her listen the the basis for
my entire politics is that I care more
about my children than you do and the
woman said that's not true and he said
really what are their names
okay that is certainly applicable here
as much as the judge says that he cares
about the child there's no as a parent
there's no one on earth who cares as
much about my child as my wife and I do
no one right now grandparents not
siblings no one until you've been a
parent and experienced the bond that
comes along with having a child for
anyone to step in between that bond for
a subjective reason like your definition
of dignity is just absurd and it's also
a fistic again there's a reason that
advocates of euthanasia like to use
death with dignity rather than death
with comfort because they understand
that if they use death with dignity then
they're making the implicit argument
that you choosing to go out on on
morphine is a more dignified death that
it's morally superior death comfort is a
morally neutral term because comfort is
morally neutral we know people who live
in comfort some bad people some are good
people doesn't comfort is not a moral
it's not a moral status dignity is and
there's a reason why the left keeps
using that misnomer
with regard to cases like Alfie Evans
they really should not they really
really should not it's a huge huge
mistake
so yeah again I think that that there's
no question that this should be left to
the parents and it's an egregious
miscarriage of justice that it's not
particularly because again the doctors
are assessing the situation then even
know it's wrong with Alfie so that's
that's the second factor here is that
even even if you assume alfie is gonna
die they see back to the parents the
state doesn't even know that Alfie is
going to die they say they do but they
really don't know because he's been on
off life support longer than they
thought he would be okay before I go any
further I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Enzo chinos so nothing
makes you look better than a well fitted
suit if you're a dude and you want
you're going on a date or a big business
meeting coming up you know there's
nothing that makes you look better than
a custom fitted so you look like James
Bond
well that's what Enzo Chino is therefore
they're the world's largest
made-to-measure menswear company they've
been featured in major publications
including GQ Forbes and Fast Company
they make suits and shirts made to fit
your exact measurements for a fantastic
fit and it's a you pick your own fabric
you can personalize the detail you can
personalize the lapel the lining the
monogram okay it's really cool you can
go to a showroom or shop online in Indo
Chino comm they have a bunch of
showrooms in a bunch of major cities
I've been down to their showroom and in
Los Angeles it is really cool it makes
you feel like you're walking into into
James Bond's men washout looks like it's
like something from Kingsman you're
walking in and there are tailors who are
there you're working with you to pick
all the variations on the suit and make
it look its best you can pick the
material you pick the color it's just
awesome and then you submit your
measurements choose your customizations
and you wait for your custom suit to
arrive in just a few weeks you can also
do it from home this week my listeners
can get any premium in Ticino suit for
just 379 bucks at endo chino calm on the
answer promo code shapiro a check out
that's 50% off the regular price from a
to measure premium suit shipping is free
as well endo chino comm promo code
shapiro again any premium suit for just
379 bucks and free shipping best suit I
own is an Indo Chino suit it's very cool
I even have a vest for it hey endo Chino
compro MacLeod shapiro any premium suit
again 379 bucks and free shipping use
that promo code shapiro
so they know that we sent you again
everything from indígenas gonna be
better than anything you're gonna get
off the rack
okay so meanwhile in other news today
bill cosby has now been convicted which
i think is a good thing obviously Bill
Cosby was accused of essentially
drugging and raping
dozens of women and there's 62 known
women the conviction was about will
I guess the the was about to andrea
constand so he was found guilty on three
counts of sexual assault against andrea
constand
and a bunch of people were celebrating
this one of his alleged victims as a
woman in lily Bernard and and she talked
about sexual assault and the Cosby
verdict here's what she had to say I
stand here in the spirit of Martin
Luther King who said that the arc of the
universe is long but today it has bent
towards justice last year when I was
sitting in the courtroom of the first
trial and the verdict was hung I left
with such a tremendous sense of
disappointment and it became evident to
me that the justice system his light
years behind modern culture but today
this jury has shown that the me - what
the me - movement has saying is that
women are worthy of being believed
obviously I think this is a very good
thing I think it's the the evidence
against Bill Cosby was quite strong
there are some people who dissent they
say well as a he-said she-said right but
there's a lot of credibility when you
have this many victims who can testify
against Bill Cosby and it's the same
story over and over and over and over
again it's also important to note here
that this is the kind of stuff that
meets who was made for right me too was
not made for the woman who says that she
went on a date with a guy and she had
