so Steve Bannon has a new nickname
sloppy Steve deemed to be that by
President Trump will talk about that we
will also talk about the Trump
administration's new Marijuana Policy
it's got a lot of people up in arms or
at least they would be up in arms if
they could get up off their couch and
leave the Doritos behind I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
so today is mailbag day so if you're
going to subscribe you should do it
right now so you can get your questions
into the mailbag now not later right now
so go over and subscribe to the website
right now and be involved that way also
we are going to get to all of the
late-breaking news the FBI has now
launched another investigation against
Hillary Clinton's foundation which is
just incredible and we'll talk about the
ramifications of that just a lot to get
you today but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at wink so
let's be real about this you know you
need a drink at dinner these days you
just do okay because let's look at that
news cycle and you know you do and
that's what wink is therefore what wink
is really there for is for people don't
know anything about wine so you're
somebody like me and you spent your
entire childhood drinking you know cheap
kosher wines and you don't know anything
about wine generally and now you are an
adult and you're going over to
somebody's house and you need to bring
over a fine bottle of wine but you don't
know the difference between Manischewitz
and something good and so instead you
need to go over to wink calm you go over
to link calm winc and winks wine experts
at select wines match to your taste
personalized for you shipped right to
your door it starts with just $13 a
bottle that makes great gift this
holiday season and you can send a
personalized gift card and let your
recipients choose their own wine they
have a palette quiz of how a profile
quiz in which what kind of foods do you
like what kind of foods you like to pair
and then they recommend a wine just for
you discover great wine today go to try
winked calm / bend get $20 off your
first shipment that's tri wink winc calm
/ Ben and get 20 bucks off your first
shipment each month there are new
delicious wines the one that is
apparently very popular right now is
called the summer water rose egg there
are no membership fees you can skip any
month you can cancel anytime and
shipping is complimentary and if you
don't like the bottle they sent you then
you can send it but then they will
replace it with another bottle no
questions asked so go to try wink t ry
winc comm / Ben and get $20 off your
first shipment again try winked comm /
Ben use the / Ben's they know that we
sent you alright so we begin today with
this supposedly bombshell book from
Michael Wolfe so there's been a lot of
hubbub over the Trump administration's
treatment of the Michael Wolfe book so
Michael Wolfe go recall is this
journalist who's kind of sketchy I
remember during the Bush administration
there was a journalist named Kitty Kelly
and Kitty Kelly came out with a couple
of
that were very gossipy about what had
happened that one was about the Bush
administration and others about the JFK
administration and it was all very
gossipy it was very hard to pack down
what was true and what was false and it
sounds a lot like Michael Wolf's book is
the same way basically he was given
large-scale access to the West Wing
apparently by Steve Bannon who allowed
him in and just let him sit on the couch
outside the West Wing and as Wolfe says
the West Wing is very small it is I've
been there it's a pretty small area and
the and they're constantly people of
note walking by and so wolf would you
sit there and then he would sort of
buttonhole people and ask them questions
and then he writes this book and this
book is filled with kind of juicy
anecdotes stuff about how Trump would
make his own sheets he didn't trust
other people to do his sheets and how he
would eat KFC because he was afraid of
being poisoned and how he would watch TV
endlessly and fulminate about his aides
and how he would just go crazy on a
routine basis how everybody around Trump
thought that he was a and a crazy
person and how they would tell the
public that he was a genius and then
secretly they would tell Michael Wolfe
that he was adult and all of this kind
of stuff
so what to believe in what not somebody
first of all don't believe everything
that you read in Michael Wolf's book as
I said earlier I think that it should
have been subtitled as told by Steve
Bannon because it's pretty clear that
Bannon is the guy who was spilling his
guts to Michael Wolfe it was Ben and who
just got blown up for spilling his guts
to Michael Wolfe suggesting that all of
his enemies in the White House were
guilty of criminal conduct during the
campaign that's what has led President
Trump to go all-out against Steve Ben
and now so he released his statement
about Bandhan nuking him two days ago
yesterday he came out and had the White
House attack Bannon said that Breitbart
should probably fire him sarah huckabee
sanders was asked specifically whether
Breitbart should consider a consider
firing ban and here's what she had to
say we were eager to call on ESPN to
fire one of his sports casters for crew
size
President Trump and it wasn't just
criticizing it different it should
Breitbart part ways with Steve Batman
after your comments in these books I
certainly think that it's something they
should look at and consider Brian thanks
he said a couple things here number one
of course the Trump administration feels
this way second is it appropriate for
the Trump administration to be dictating
to an private news organization what
exactly they should be doing with their
own staffing the answer is no I opposed
it when they when they told ESPN they
should fire Janelle Hill or suspend
rimmel Hill I feel the same way about
ban and even though I think Bannon is is
a turd of a human being I don't think
that the White House should be telling
private organizations how to run their
business on the other hand since
Breitbart is basically the press adjunct
to the white house I guess that they can
fire people who are in-house so I
suppose the day they have a case to be
made that they can fire Steve Ben and
from the White House considering that it
was basically just the press outlet for
the Trump campaign during the campaign
itself Bannon has not only lost the
support of the White House he has also
lost the support of the Mercer's first
of course he lost the support of
President Trump so very late last night
President Trump slapped out at sloppy
Steve over allegations in the book he
said quote I authorized zero access to
White House actually turned him down
many times for author of phony book I
never spoke to him for book full of lies
misrepresentations and sources that
don't exist look at this guy's past and
watch what happens to him and sloppy
Steve okay first of all great nickname
again second slow clap in two days for
President Trump this is an excellent
nickname this one goes up in the in the
treasured Halcyon and the treasured wing
of the Hall of Fame of Trump nicknames
Raymond there's a little Marco and
there's low-energy Jeb and sloppy Steve
is really high up there I mean that's
that's that'll stick that'll stick
because Steve is a sloppy guy in a
variety of ways so that is good stuff
from Trump Trump came out today and he
said that the Mercer's made a good move
by getting rid of sloppy Steve so he's
just gonna keep banging on this drum
Bannon for his part is trying to kowtow
before Trump which makes sense since the
Mercer's came out and slammed ban and
the Mercer's if you don't know are a
very the number one funding family for
the for the Republican Party essentially
and they were the number one funders of
President Trump during his general
election cycle Rebecca Mercer is the is
the woman who is largely responsible for
deciding where the Mercer family money
goes and she said I support President
Trump and the platform upon which
selected my family and I have not
communicated with Steve Danon many
months that have provided no financial
support to his political agenda nor do
we support his recent actions and
statements that's a pretty rare
statement from Rebecca who apparently
tends to be rather reclusive in in
public her father had disassociated from
Breitbart and from Bannon back in early
November so they've been basically
cutting off ties for weeks now with
Bannon there's a report that they've
even cut off the funding for bandhans
private security team so he's basically
been isolated at this point has Bannon
and that of course has led him to one
conclusion he must hang on at Breitbart
right it's the only thing that matters
to Bannon right now he has to hang on at
Breitbart if he loses his perch at
Breitbart he's done as a human he no
longer has the ability to get in good
with Trump right the idea I think for
Bannon is if I hang on long enough if I
just hang out here long enough then at
some point Trump will bring me back in
the fold but Corey Lewandowski or Sam
Nunn Berg or a bunch of other people I'm
not sure that's the case I think that
once you've burned your bridges with the
with the president's children like all
of them then you're going to eventually
reach the point where there is no way
for you to avoid being blown out
basically I think that maybe or abandon
is but Bannon feels like if I just stick
around a Breitbart long enough and then
something bad happens to Jared and
Ivanka legally then I'll rush back in
and Trump still has my phone number if
he's no longer a Breitbart that's no
longer an option so he's trying to hang
on with the skin of his teeth
Larry soul of who is Andrew Breitbart
old business partner and best friend
Larry refuses to get rid of Bannon is is
my impression from the outside I don't
have any inside information on that but
if I had to guess that would make a lot
of sense it was Larry who brought in
Bannon in the first place out of I think
personal weakness but in any case I'm
the idea that he's gonna dump man and by
the side of the road is unlikely I think
the Mercer's would have to force the
issue
so Bannon is trying to hang on the way
he's hanging on is basically by kowtow
into Trump and then hoping that Trump
bats off of him so here was Ben and
yesterday after all these quotes come up
about how Bannon thinks that Trump is a
crazy person and is going to either be
impeached or resign and how his children
are all criminals now he comes out he
says no no no Trump's wonderful Trump's
great so he hears Bannon on Sirius XM
radio I know because I know at least one
person who listened to it which was
apparently their entire audience so here
here we go President I States is a great
man you know I support him day in and
day out whether going through the
country given the Trump miracle speech
or on the show on the website so I don't
think you have to worry about that but I
appreciate
the kind words okay so the idea that he
has been supporting Trump day in and day
out is sort of bolide by the fact that
he let this reporter into the White
House who then proceeded to savage the
White House from every conceivable angle
so this brings us to the actual nature
of the book the actual nature of the
book it has a lot of problems the book
is fire and fury again it is a it is a
deeply gossip ridden account and there
are a lot of problems with the book
itself it has all of these sort of weird
anecdotes and you don't know where their
source - because wolf doesn't have any
endnotes is my impression he doesn't say
this is from my conversation with Steve
Bannon in in the West Wing or this is
from my conversation with Jared Kushner
or this is from a conversation with Mike
Pence it doesn't have any of those
footnotes there's no way to tell what is
true and what is not in these accounts
but we know already and there are some
things in this book that are just not
true right we know there are accounts
that are simply false there are certain
descriptions of people that are just not
true and in just a second I'm going to
tell you about some of the instances in
the book that are clearly untrue I mean
I can personally attest to them being
untrue in just one second but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at ring so rings mission is to make
neighborhoods safer we have ring.com at
our house we have the the device on our
front gate today over a million people
use the amazing ring video doorbell that
ring video doorbell basically the way it
works somebody rings the doorbell and
instead of you having to be home in
order to answer you can pick it up from
your phone anywhere in the country right
you can just pick up your phone makes it
look like you're right at home and that
way nobody's gonna be robbing your house
because they think that your home that's
what the bringing video doorbell is for
you can screen people who you don't want
to come over so you really don't like
your in-laws they ring the doorbell and
you can pick up and you can say sorry
I'm not home go away right and do
whatever you want ring knows home
security begins at the front door but it
doesn't end there so now they're
extending that same level of security to
the rest of your home with the ring
floodlight Kim the floodlight camera is
a motion-activated camera and floodlight
that connects right to your phone with
HD video and two-way audio that lets you
know the moment anyone steps on your
property again you can even set off an
alarm directly from your phone so your
property will always be safe ring
floodlight offers the ultimate in home
security high visibility flood lights a
powerful HD camera that puts security in
your hands save up to one hundred and
fifty bucks off that ring of security
kit when you go to ring calm / Ben
that's ring calm / Bennigan's ring calm
/ Ben you get a hundred and fifty
dollars off that ring of security kit it
is vital it is necessary to protect your
family ring.com
slash venues that slash pens they know
that we sent you so here's what we know
in the book that is not true in the
michael wolf book fire and fury which is
soaring on the bestseller charts here's
about how we know their stuff that's not
true so number one it says in the book
that donald trump didn't know who john
bainer was or the Speaker of the House
that in conversations Trump had no clue
who Boehner was when he was recommended
as it possible is a possible chief of
staff that's ridiculous I mean Trump has
golfed with John Boehner John Boehner
was the Speaker of the House for the
first four months of Trump's
presidential run basically the idea that
that Trump that Trump has no idea who
Boehner is is is really hard to to hold
to scrutiny beyond that it's also
ridiculous to suggest as the book does
that Stephen Miller who is one of trumps
top aides one of his speech writers
can't put together a sentence I mean the
guy did go to I believe Duke Law School
if I'm not mistaken no Stephen did as
well is not only that Stephen was also a
Stephen is a policy wonk so there's an
accusation that Stephen Miller is not in
fact a policy wonk when it comes to
immigration I've spent hours talking
with him about immigration the idea that
he is not a policy wonk is just asinine
Miller didn't go to Zoopla rather he
went to Duke itself so he's a smart
enough guy to go to Duke which is a top
college the idea that he can't write a
sentence is silly
there are other claims in this book that
are being called into question there's a
claim that Sean Hannity
expressed his willingness to let Trump
review questions in advance
Hannity said that he never did that I
don't know whether to believe that or
not the interviews were friendly enough
I don't think Shawn would have to do
that right I mean Shawn could basically
just hit a Trump listen I'm not gonna
sandbag you and Trump would agree
because Shawn would never stand back
Trump so I'm not sure we'd have to
actually offer to supply the questions
another one of trumps top advisers and
Friends Thomas Barrett said or the
president he's not only crazy he's
stupid but Barrett denies have her ever
having made the comment the British
publication claimed that the wolf book
says that Tony Blair former British
prime minister warned Jared Kushner
during the campaign that British spies
could have the campaign under
surveillance but Blair calls that report
a complete fabrication so here's what it
sounds like Michael wolf did when he put
together this book it sounds like
Michael wolf basically sat in the hall
and listen to Steve ban and tell tall
tales around the campfire while roasting
marshmallows and eating s'mores and then
when they were done he just wrote down
everything Steve ban and said and then
he said you filter it out you the reader
it's your job to try and determine
what's true and what's false so you get
a sort of ambiance of what
like in the white house with all the
chaos and all the craziness but it's not
necessarily true that every individual
story is true if that's the case then
there's not much to the book and the
truth is I'm not sure there's much to
the book anyway just because I believe a
lot of the tenem general tenor and tone
issues that the book raises I believe
that Donald Trump is not Phi Beta Kappa
when it comes to policy I don't think
the Donald Trump is is necessarily the
most stable personality I mean but I
thought all of that for the last two
years I mean I've been saying that for
years at this point I'm not sure how you
look at his Twitter account and figure
that this guy is is a is a Washington is
a Washingtonian character it's like
George Washington in his Stalinist in
stalwart US like I just don't I don't
see how you would possibly come away
with that by watching Donald Trump for
any lengthy period of time so what does
the book add the answer is the book
really doesn't add much at all except
for a bunch of accusations by Steve Ben
and that the media want to take
seriously for purposes of trying to
destroy Trump which of course is why
Trump is going directly it Steve Bannon
and directly and why Donald Trump should
go directly it Steve Bennett right
abandon is the guy who wanted to turn
this into a self aggrandizing homage to
him and it was a direct fail and I think
that that makes you know I think makes
perfect sense that Trump decides that he
asked to strike back now the way that
Trump strikes back had ban in which I
think is correct is very different from
the way that Trump strikes back at the
book Trump is now participating in what
we in the internet world called the
Streisand effect so a few years back
Barbra Streisand the legendary singer
and crazed liberal she was she has a
house on the beach down in Malibu and
there was an environmentalist
photographer who had taken some aerial
photos of the beach and it included her
house now you never would have known
that it was her house it didn't label
her house didn't have an arrow that said
