Rudy Guiliani flubs his landing we
examine the midterm races and the
President of the United States goes
after 3d gun printing and the Koch
brothers I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
one of the beautiful things about living
in the Donald Trump news cycle is that
every morning the president begins the
news cycle anew so I do show prep a lot
the night before and then I wake up in
the morning and it's an entirely new
show prep which is really exciting
because that means there's a lot to talk
about and a lot to do we'll get to all
of that in just a second first let's
talk about your second Amendment rights
this ends tonight my friends the u.s.
CCA are giving you five free chances to
win 1776 bucks in their great American
giveaway you can spend it on whatever
you want new gun extra ammo whatever but
it all ends at midnight tonight so
here's what I want you to do right now
take out your smartphone get on your
computer type in defend your family now
calm let's defend your family now calm
you can do it in seconds the official
rules are on the page and you will
instantly get five chances to win 1776
dollars that is 1776 bucks just for
clicking a few buttons it's free money
folks
don't just leave it on the table it's
part of a great cause defending your
second Amendment rights that's what the
US ECA does they protect responsible gun
owners like us this is indeed your last
chance so go check it out five free
chances to win just waiting for you
defend your family now calm go win right
now it's that easy defend your family
now calm and again the u.s. CCA provides
all sorts of wonderful educational
services legal services in case god
forbid you actually have to shoot at
somebody because somebody's in your
house or something the u.s. ECA makes
sure that you have all the legal
resources necessary go check them out
right now defend your family now calm
and get those five opportunities to win
1776 bucks towards guns and ammo go
check it out right now also I just want
to remind you you've heard I know that
we're taking the Ben Shapiro show live
this August to audiences in Dallas in
Phoenix but you should know we're now
two weeks away from those events and we
were almost entirely sold out so if you
haven't gotten your tickets yet they
pretty much have to do it now or you're
gonna miss it entirely and then you're
just gonna be sad right you're gonna be
sitting around weeping to yourself
thinking why God why what's your own
fault it's your own fault if you can go
to Daley wire calm slash events and buy
a ticket right now we're gonna party it
up in Dallas in Phoenix and if you're
not there well you snooze you lose gang
that's the way that it works okay so on
to today's news the President of the
United States were speaking about gun
rights the President of the United
States has now come out with a bizarre
tweet in which he attacks
3d gun printing now listen the president
does a lot of very good things on policy
and then he says a lot of stuff on
Twitter as I've said before the
president is fond of the saying of the
things well the president decided to go
on Twitter and sound off about 3d gun
printing this morning based
on essentially no knowledge of 3d gun
printing and so here's what he tweeted
out I am looking into 3d plastic guns
being sold to the public already spoke
to the NRA doesn't seem to make much
sense that's not what 3d gun printing is
okay like that seriously like if you
think the 3d gun printing is John
Malkovich and in the line of fire making
plastic guns in his basement that's not
what 3d gun printing actually is Steven
Gutowski of the Washington free beacon
points out that it is easy and legal to
find gun blueprints online and it should
be because otherwise you have to crack
down on the internet you have to crack
down on people's use of the Internet to
put out blueprints for guns that's
that's silly
it's ineffective it doesn't work and
Gutowski also points out the vast
majority of 3d printed gun designs are
not undetectable to metal detectors
because that's actually illegal it's
actually illegal the ban on the creation
of such weapons was extended to 2023
under the undetectable firearms acts
you're not allowed to actually
manufacture a plastic gun that can move
through a metal detector that is illegal
under federal law also 3d printed guns
are made of metal okay they're they're
actually made of metal the vast majority
of them it's just a 3d printer that uses
metal in order to carve out the parts in
the vast majority of people who are
using gun blueprints online to build
their guns are buying the constituent
parts from gun manufacturers in the
first place it's not like they're
sitting around and spending a hundred
thousand dollars on a 3d printer which
is what a good 3d printer costs why in
the world would you go and get all the
materials for a 3d printer to make an
ar-15 in your basement
it'll cost you 150 grand or you could
just go on down to your local gun dealer
and buy one for 1,500 bucks why exactly
would you do any of that the media put
out all this infamous information on the
threat of 3d guns people sitting in
their basements putting together these
guns by getting their their HP LaserJet
printer from 1997 and then printing out
a bunch of guns they put together and go
assassinate people that's not the way
any of this works also 3d guns are
notoriously unreliable to this point
they break down easily they're very
expensive to produce they're not nearly
as accurate as manufactured weapons you
can't fire them all that many times
before they start to fall apart in laws
the Templeton crackdown on this stuff
are our foolhardy but this is why the
president shouldn't be tweeting about
these issues because all it does is
create blood in the water for a gun
control Democrat speaking of which
talking abut in the water for Democrats
the president has attacked now the Koch
the reason he's attacking the Koch
brothers is because the Koch brothers do
not like his tariffs so the Koch
brothers for those who don't know are
these these brothers who run Koch
Industries which is essentially a I
believe a natural gas and oil industry
and and the Koch brothers are worth
something on the order of 80 billion
dollars there were some enormous amount
of money and they've used a lot of this
money to promote various causes
political and non-political they give
money to a variety of charities they're
libertarian and orientations they're not
social conservatives they are very Pro
free trade and they're very Pro
immigration and this is just how they've
been for 30 years well they came out the
other day and they sort of said that
president Trump's tariff policy is bad
which is correct his tariff policy
generally is bad unless he is using it
to ratchet down tariffs with the rest of
the world so far it seems like some of
that has happened but the president has
this bizarre love for tariffs that don't
make a lot of sense so the Koch brothers
said they're not going to support a
particular candidate Trump wants them to
support so he tweeted this out the
globalist Koch brothers who have become
a total joke in real Republican circles
are against strong borders and powerful
trade number one I don't know what
powerful trade is that's not a term that
means anything free trade is a thing and
fair trade doesn't mean anything
powerful trade certainly doesn't mean
anything and but he continues I never
sought their support because I don't
need their money or bad ideas they love
my tax and regulation cuts judicial pics
and more okay so the more are you
ripping on them and then he continues by
saying I made them richer their network
is highly overrated i beaten them at
every turn they want to protect our
companies outside the US from being tax
time for America first and the American
worker a puppet for no one two nice guys
with bad ideas make America great again
so he's attacking and the Koch brothers
listen the president can attack whomever
he wants and this is a good populist
line Bernie Sanders has spent the better
part of several years attacking the Koch
brothers the Democrats have turned the
Koch brothers into this evil nefarious
shadow Enterprise the truth is the Koch
brothers have supported Republicans by
and large and they've supported
free-market Republicans by and large the
Koch brothers are not the enemies here
and it's not the Koch brothers that are
inhibiting from trade agenda it's the
market itself the reality is Trump's
trade agenda is not particularly good
now it was interesting I was on Laura
Ingraham show last night
and Laura's much more of a trade
restriction Asst img' brought this up
and she was suggesting that it's Trump's
trade policy that makes him so popular
in places like Michigan and Ohio and
Wisconsin and pencil
I don't actually think that's the case I
think the President Trump sounds an
awful bad tariff sounds like he's Pro
manufacturing and so a lot of people
resonate to that yeah on a sort of
emotional level but the truth is that
Trump's tariff policy has actually hurt
a lot of these manufacturing centers a
lot more than its help these
manufacturing centers because a lot of
the companies that manufactured things
have to use imports as inputs they're
importing steel from the EU or from
Canada and then they're using that in
their production of trucks or they have
parts that are coming in from China and
they're using that in the production of
their final product and tariffs hurt
those companies what the president is
very good at is expressing sympathy for
these folks who are losing their jobs I
do think that there's a cultural battle
that the president has engaged in in
which he's very good I think he has an
innate sympathy for people who do
blue-collar work in the Rust Belt in a
way that Democrats do not the Democrats
as I talked about on the show a few
weeks ago have a lot of 1/8 sympathy for
the New York Daily News reporters who
are being laid off they think those jobs
are deeply deeply important but the
factory worker in Ohio they don't really
care too much about that guy the truth
is that we should care an equivalent
amount about all of these jobs I don't
think the manufacturing job in Ohio is
necessarily worth more than a reporting
job in New York but the other way around
is true also I don't think a New York
reporting job is any more important than
a manufacturing job out there in Ohio a
job is worth what the job is worth that
said we ought to be easing the pain of
people who live in those areas and are
seeing their industries left behind
that's why job retraining is good that's
why folks like Mike Rowe have millions
of dollars that they've placed into job
retraining programs in order to create
skill sets for people who are moving out
of industries that are falling apart and
being out competed but only in tariff
policies the best solution for that the
president is attacking the Koch brothers
I'm not sure how that is politically
effective and this is why the sort of
circular firing squad that the president
sometimes engages in is not particularly
a bright move I just don't think that's
particularly smart speaking of not
particularly smart the president on
Twitter like really if the president
just didn't tweet you know how popular
he'd be right now I know there are a lot
of people in Trump's support base who
believe that what makes from popular is
his Twitter and I think with some folks
in the base that's true they feel like
Trump is fighting he's out there
fighting for them and he can sense what
he wants and how he feels because he's
constantly tweeting things so for those
thirty five percent of people thirty
thirty percent of Americans great but
what about the other 70% of Americans
here's the thing I think if Trump stop
tweeting all those people who are
already sympathetic to Trump are still
gonna be sympathetic to Trump and I
think that his tendency to run on at the
tweet is not going to hurt him with with
people in the middle if he stops doing
it so much right the diarrhea of the
Twitter is not helpful to him with
people who are in the middle of the
country or in the middle of the
political spectrum it's just not useful
an example of this so the president this
morning not only does he go off on three
D guns again wrong or go off on the Koch
brothers again I think overstated and
wrong even if I disagree with the Koch
brothers on some of their immigration
policy not only that the president
sounds it off on collusion now as we
mentioned yesterday on the show Rudy
Giuliani hath not a Giuliani eyes but it
read Giuliani yesterday he was speaking
on CNN and he talks about how collusion
was not a crime and I said yesterday
this is not a smart legal strategy it is
just not smart to go out there talking
about how collusion is not a crime in
the middle of you making the case that
the president didn't engage in collusion
in the first place and then Giuliani
botched it even worse yesterday he went
on Fox News to try and explain himself
and he made things significantly worse
by hinting at the possibility of a
second meeting within the Trump campaign
about the meeting between Donald Trump
jr. and Natalia Veselin lanskaya the
Russian connected lawyer who was
supposedly going to present Clinton Oppo
research to the Trump campaign Giuliani
called in to Fox News and then he
proceeded to just bash things
dramatically here was Giuliani talking
to the ladies of outnumbered it did not
go well there are two different meetings
one of which has leaked out the other of
which has been given to three reporters
in je Seco and I have been successful I
think I'm beating it back there wasn't
another meeting that has been leaked but
hasn't been in public yet okay that was
a meeting an alleged meeting three days
before
according to calling according to the
leak maybe cold over the druthers I
don't know they haven't pursued it and
the two publications they're not going
to publish it I think they found
independent contradiction okay so here's
what Giuliani I think is trying to say
is that there was the meeting in Trump
Tower between Donald Trump jr. and Jared
Kushner and a bunch of members of the
Trump campaign and this Russian
connected lawyer and now that those
meeting number one and now Giuliani is
sort of letting it slip on Fox and
is that there's an accusation there was
a second meeting three days before about
this primary meeting well we didn't know
about that until Giuliani went on
national TV and talked about it and then
he said well that meeting didn't happen
so then why are you talking about that
meeting like we didn't know about it
until you just said it one second ago so
I don't know why Rudy Giuliani is doing
this I don't know whether he's just
confused about the issues I don't know
whether he has coined his own version of
law this is not good defense strategy
it's not good legal defense strategy the
problem is the president sort of bought
into it and mirrored that on Twitter
today I will explain in just a second
first let's talk about your sleep okay
the fact is that your sleep quality is
not as good as it could be and the
reason is because it's something you
never think about your sheets okay you
never think about your sheets you think
about the quality if your mattress maybe
you think about your pillow you think
about the temperature in the room they
never think about your sheets you just
bought those things for like thirty five
bucks at the local retail outlet well
they're not good okay you're sleeping on
a tarp you need to stop sleeping on a
tarp you need to go get yourself a nice
set of sheets you're really going to
enjoy and that's what Boleyn branch does
okay they make bedding it and blankets
is made from pure 100% organic cotton
which means it starts out super soft and
then gets even softer over time you can
buy directly from them so you're
essentially paying wholesale prices
luxury sheets cost up to a thousand
bucks in the store but when branch eats
are only a couple of hundred bucks
it may sound expensive it really isn't
considering you're sleeping on them
every single night Boleyn brand sheets
are so good that my wife and I got some
we actually took out all of our other
sheets and we threw them away because
the other ones just you can't sleep on
them after you've slept on the quality
of Bowland branch everybody who tries
Boleyn branch loves them which is why
shipping is free and you can try them
for 30 nights if you don't love them
send them back for a refund but you're
not gonna want to because they are that
good check them out right now my
listeners get 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets at bowl and branch comm
promoter Ben that's bull and branch calm
promo code bad use that promo Club Ben
you get $50 off that's bol oh and branch
comp promo Club been the best set of
sheets that you can buy on the market
today bull and branch comm promo code
Ben for 50 bucks off okay so Giuliani
doing yeoman's work to confuse everyone
about the situation regarding regarding
the Trump Tower meeting and then
Giuliani follows that one up by saying
listen we don't have to cooperate with
Robert Muller we're going to obstruct
but we're not going to cooperate with
our tomorrow he says this yesterday and
Fox News I thank John for all the
cooperation he gave them because he puts
us in a position where we don't have to
cooperate given some of the revelations
in the last
for weeks we've been driven further away
from the idea of answering any questions
from them we don't think they have a
legitimate investigation okay so we're
not gonna answer any questions now if
you want to look innocent this is
probably not the smartest way to do it
and then Trump decides to double down on
Giuliani's strategy so Trump tweets this
out today he tweets out collusion is not
a crime but that doesn't matter because
there was no collusion except by crooked
Hillary and the Democrats okay that
tweet is slightly confusing for a couple
of reasons first of all he is correct
the collusion is not a crime however
collusion is not an illegal term
conspiracy is a crime if it turns out
that the Trump campaign was coordinating
with the Russians to affect the election
that's probably a campaign finance
violations violation of federal law
obstruction is a crime if you decided to
lie to the FBI that's a crime if Donald
Trump jr. did that and then Trump says
that doesn't matter there was no
collusion okay could have just said
there's no collusion in the first place
which is your strongest case right if
somebody says Shapiro you commit a tax
evasion I said tax evasion isn't a crime
and also I didn't do it it's you'd be
kind of confused right and I think that
this is just a not good PR listen I
actually sort of believe Trump at least
so far because I don't see the evidence
that he was involved in any sort of
campaign collusion that he knew about
coordination with the Russians or that
he himself was coordinating with the
Russians or even that the campaign
actively coordinated with the Russians
