as sexual allegations become more and
more vague are we reaching the end of
the me to moment plus president Trump's
comments on immigration are polarizing
the country but our Republicans and
Democrats both painting themselves into
different corners I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
so I've got to get you today apparently
writing The Handmaid's Tale is not
enough to get you off the hook with the
feminists you actually have to be a
full-fledged crazy person in order to
earn the love of the feminist movement
we'll talk about that in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club so
you have heard me talk before of the
amazing shave that I get using my Dollar
Shave Club razor I use it right here
under my jaw line because in Judaism you
have to use the electric razor above
that but should the razor is just a
fantastic and I use there dr. Carver's
shave butter as well I'm here to tell
you that my membership will remain no
matter what because I'm adding a DSC
products to my daily routine they make
products for your hair your face your
skin your shower everything you need
they have me looking smelling incredible
just ask my wife it's there all original
ingredients they use only the finest
premium stuff they deliver it to you
just like they do their razors and that
means no more annoying trips to the
store trying to figure out which thing
to buy and you get the generic brand it
just use Dollar Shave Club you never
have to worry about the stuff ever again
you can use Dollar Shave Club for almost
anything razors body cleanser hair gel
and yes even their fabled butt wipes DSC
has you covered head to toe and now it's
a great time to give Dollar Shave Club a
try you can get your first month of
their best razor along with travel sized
versions of shaved butter body cleanser
and even those magical butt wipes for
just $5 after that replacement
cartridges ship for just a few bucks a
month when you subscribe you never have
to worry about it again it's the DSC
starter set get yours for just $5
exclusively at dollarshaveclub.com slash
gremlins dollar shave club comm slash
men again when you use that slash been
then you get their first month of their
travel sized version of everything plus
the razor for five bucks so check it out
right now dollarshaveclub.com slash been
using the slash pens they know what you
say and get the best shape possible and
get the rest of their great products as
well and I'll say about wipes one more
time just because it's hilarious okay so
now let's begin with the collapse of the
meeting movement so the meet shoe
movement is going to continue because it
should okay nobody is in favor of rape
or sexual assault I have yet to see all
the people out there marching in the
streets in defense of Harvey Weinstein
which demonstrates once again that the
idea that we live in a rape culture that
is fine with rape is I would say wildly
overstated what we are concerned with
and what we should be concerned with is
this feeling
that
more people are now being dragged into a
dragnet of exaggeration and awkwardness
and uncomfortableness the idea being
that if a woman is uncomfortable or
awkward about sex and afterward she
feels bad about it because maybe she
shouldn't have been there in the first
place then we are supposed to believe
that she was raped or wronged in some
way now I believe she was wronged by her
right if you put yourself in a bad
situation and then you go forward with
something without any indicator to the
person that you are having sex with that
you don't want to do this and then you
feel bad later you have been wronged by
you okay that is your fault okay I know
that there's not victim blaming because
you're not the victim except you're your
own victim okay if you say to a guy I'm
gonna come back to your apartment I'm
gonna have sex with you you go through
the whole thing and then the next
morning you feel bad because it was
awkward or it turns out the guy was a
jerk and halfway through the sex he felt
like you didn't like it but you didn't
let him know that you didn't say no get
off of me he just went forward with it
because it was too awkward to say no you
at that point are your own victim you're
not his victim and blaming him for that
situation is no more right than blaming
blaming anybody for something for which
they are not responsible if you don't
get the guy can't read minds
it's so funny we're talking constantly
about mansplaining things like if I
explain something to a woman I'm
mansplaining
feminist splaining is where you explain
to me I was supposed to read your mind
based on the outward indicators that
make no sense the reason this is coming
up now is because as we discussed
yesterday there's a long article in babe
calm about Aziz Ansari this comedian
plays Tom Haverford on Parks and
Recreation and there's this long three
thousand more piece about this woman
named Grace who went back to his ease on
saris apartment engaged in multiple
rounds of sexual activity with him and
then as she was leaving said she felt
uncomfortable and wrong and then he said
well I'm sorry you felt that way and
that was the end of the story but this
was treated by a bunch of feminists as
actual evidence that Aziz Ansari's
should have his career ended that he
should be finished by this now I'm glad
to report that I'm not the only one
who's saying this story is ridiculous
Barry Weiss unburdening our times heard
a very good piece on this over at the
Atlantic there was a very good piece on
this but there are feminists who are
coming out nonetheless and suggesting
that Aziz Ansari should basically be put
away and his career should somehow take
a ding because he a famous celebrity
invited a girl back to his apartment
where she proceeded to get naked with
him and then engage in several rounds of
sexual activity this is
insipid what's particularly insipid
about this is it actually undermines the
foundations of feminism itself the
entire idea of feminism is that women
have sexual agency right the women are
supposed to be able to make their own
choices but now we're learning that a
lot of feminists think that women should
not be able to make their own choices
that men should be able to make the
choice for the woman saying well you
know what I don't think it's in your
best interest to have sex with me right
now so it's not just on men as to
whether women have sex it's it's on men
as to whether women have a good sexual
experience all the way through beginning
to end which leads to bizarre stories
like this one so there is a new app I am
not kidding it's called legal fling okay
this is from daily wire Emily zanotti
reporting worried your consensual
one-night stand will turn into a rape
allegation because you didn't get proper
a verbal and written consent from your
sexual partner well now there's an app
for that the new program legal fling
claims to provide couples who hook up on
the fly with an easy way to avoid being
later accused of taking advantage of one
another an app that couples can use to
create a legally binding contract saying
that both of them can sense their casual
union so we used to have something like
this called a marriage contract it
actually came along with obligations
where you actually were supposed to do
things from one another beyond getting
your rocks off but now we have to have
legal consent forms for you to have a
one-night stand after downloading legal
fling you can send requests to potential
partners who then have the option of
checking off certain boxes like use a
condom photo and video and BDSM how
convenient and I mean does this does
this say love I mean it says love to me
I know that when I'm thinking romance
nothing says romance to me like a legal
app like an actual form that you fill
out with boxes to check every time I
decide to get romantic with my wife this
is what I do I walk in the room I drop a
quick contract as I'm a lawyer and then
I say please sign them and date on the
dotted line and initial at these
particular paragraphs if you're into
this it looks great she loves it and if
you later decide you want to revoke your
consent you grab your phone and
electronically end the hook-up you can
also according to the apps website use
the app to write notes about your
experience all of these notes and
contracts and then maintain securely and
privately using blockchain the apps
creators believe they are solving the
problem of consent issues but legal
flings still hasn't passed either Apple
or Google's approval process it's also
questionable as to whether the contracts
are in fact legally binding they are not
of course because according to the left
consent is a continuous issue meaning
that in the middle of the sex if the
woman says I'm done then the
has been ended so unless you grab the
app in the middle of the actual coitus
then you are going to presumably be be
accused of violating the woman's consent
even if she signed the the contract
beforehand now what's funny is that the
lefties to recognize how prudish and
silly all of this was right there's a
show called new girl with what's the
name of the woman who starts a new girl
Thank You Zoey Deschanel who's famous
for her bangs and she was and in the
show the first couple seasons was
actually pretty funny there's one
episode of the show well which is a
flashbacks he's always prom night when
she is looking forward to having sex for
the first time because this is America
where this is now the big thing is that
on your prom night you're supposed to
have sex too the first time not on your
wedding night on a prom night with some
Rando from high school who has pimples
and is ugly that's that's typically how
prom night is supposed to go very
exciting here in America where
traditional sexual mores have been
thrown away in any case this is a very
funny scene in which Zooey Deschanel
basically is with a guy and it
demonstrates the disconnect between what
feminists think they want out of sexual
experiences and what they actually want
out of sexual experiences because always
a Chanel's character on the show is a
feminist she is a single woman who's
living with a bunch of dudes in an
apartment but this is a flashback to a
prom night and it demonstrates the
stupidity of the apps like legal fling
gonna take off your dress
type your permission yep yeah
I can't find this zipper oh there is no
zipper um I made this dress of my mom's
over again um and maybe I could try
abdominal areas okay yes
you know um because maybe you could just
flip it I just wanna make sure you
feeling safe no no no I I feel like so
safe and like I've never felt like more
safe do I have your permission yes
now I'm feeling very unsafe okay the
reason that's funny is because this is
stupid people okay if this is how you
think sexual encounters are supposed to
go or that any sexual encounter in
history has gone this way you're out of
your mind that's why Hollywood used to
be able to joke about this stuff but now
Hollywood can't even joke about it
because they think that this is the
ideal sexual scenario the ideal sexual
scenario is where you are asking every
step of the way for permission there's
not a woman alive who feels like this is
sexy not one okay if you can name this
woman to me the things that this scene
is like really hot then you're gonna
have to you are going to have to show
her to me because I don't believe you I
think you're lying hey the reality is
that women want men to act like men that
involves a certain amount of aggressive
activity not rape obviously not doing
things that women don't want but if a
man is acting like a passive do nothing
in the bedroom women are not interested
and it's just it's just a lie I'm sorry
it's just a lie if you're acting like
the like the Jeff Goldblum out the Jeff
global the warrior character in Jurassic
Park okay and that's that's your that's
your sexual come-on strategy it's not
going anywhere this is all fictional
nonsense that was created by a culture
that has refused to make any rules and
now is backtracking and making new rules
to fill them the rules that should have
been there in the first place absolute
stupidity okay before we go any further
I want to talk about President Trump and
bleep holes because that's all we can
talk about now using our Dollar Shave
Club wipes we can wipe up this bleep
whole situation well get to all of that
in just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at
ripping calm do you need to get away I
do okay that's why we need to go to
tripping coms they're tripping down is
the place to go for your vacation
rentals so I'm in a unique situation
when I go on vacations I can't really
stay in a hotel
because they don't have a kitchen right
i keep kosher that means that i need a
kitchen also have small children which
means i need a washing machine because
they get everything insanely dirty all
the time well that's why I need trippin
comm because if I were staying in the
local high it might be nice but it's
smaller doesn't have any of these
amenities trippin comm make sure that I
can go any place that I want basically
and they have vacation rentals there for
you with trippin comm one search lets
you culture compare sort over ten
million available properties on trusted
sites like the RB o TripAdvisor
booking.com
and more and you don't have to worry
about getting the best deal because
you're saving an average of 18% per
night by booking your vacation with
trippin calm as I say I only use trippin
comm I can't because when I'm booking a
vacation I'm not gonna stay in a hotel
don't forget if you want to save time
and money go to trippin comm Shapiro
today trippin comm / Shapiro trippin
comm / Shapiro go and do that right now
when you use that / appear oh that lets
them know that we set you as I say you
know you you think that vacation is good
cuz you're taking a hotel the truth is
it's much better when you have more room
to spread out it's like home away from
home
it's just fantastic to stay at one of
these nice vacation rentals my wife and
I do it every time I go on vacation now
and tripping calm makes that possible
and makes it less expensive again
tripping calm / appear I'll use the /
Shapiro so they know that we sent you
okay so meanwhile in other news and the
Democrats are grilling on the hill today
the Department of Homeland Security
Secretary woman in Christian Nielsen
about president Trump's alleged
statements regarding immigrants from
bleep whole countries right and they're
growing her did he really say bleep all
countries did he really say he wants
fewer people from bleep all countries
okay we are now in what day six of this
controversy this interminable
controversy where we're supposed to
discuss ad nauseam whether the president
is racist or whether he was just making
comments that were about which countries
we ought to prioritize and we're just
gonna go around in circles on this thing
and everybody's gonna make each other
score each other crazy one thing I will
say when Democrats suggest that they are
deeply concerned about the president's
racism for saying that he wants
immigrants from Norway over Haiti and
they refused to acknowledge by the way
the day before the ambassador from
Norway was at the or the Prime Minister
of Norway was at the White House which
is probably why Trump was saying Norway
and they refused to acknowledge that
Trump said in that same report the
Washington Post report they wants more
immigrants from South Korea which is not
exactly indicative of races
because South Koreans are not white it
turns out that maybe maybe as
possible Trump was talking about a
merit-based immigration system now maybe
he wasn't maybe he was saying something
racist maybe who's saying I want fewer
black people in the United States or
maybe he was saying that you have
created a system by which we are
supposed to judge a hierarchy of
countries than we are supposed to take
immigrants from and I'd prefer to take
immigrants from countries where the
countries are closer to the Western Way
of life than countries that are less
close to the Western Way of life which
again is not that's not racist okay and
that's it maybe wrong because the fact
is what I would like is a merit-based
system where we judge individuals
instead of judging the country of origin
but if you're going to judge solely
based on country of origin of course
you're gonna value South Korea over
Russia for example the South Korea is
more westernized country than Russia is
I've used Russia as the example because
there are a lot of Russian immigrants to
the United States who do really well I
mean my great-grandparents were Russian
immigrants to the United States but
Russia is also a place that's governed
in a very different way has a different
culture and different language right in
South Korea everybody virtually knows
English it's taught in schools I believe
and South Koreans come to the United
States and have a history of doing
incredibly well here so is it wrong to
talk about prioritization of countries
if we are going to talk about
prioritization of countries and here's
how you know the Democrats are fibbing
about all of this so Chuck Schumer was
on CBS's Late Show last night because we
have to have our comedy shows be replete
with politics and here's what he said he
said Trump's comments over and over and
over again can be described as nothing
but racist and obnoxious he says he's
not a racist well I have a challenge for
Donald Trump okay actions speak louder
than words if you want to begin just
begin that long road back to proving
you're not a racist
you're not bigoted support the
bipartisan compromise that three
Republicans and three Democrats have put
on the floor everyone gave and get the
dreamers safety here in America that's
what he should do
in other words embrace the policy the
Chuck Schumer likes and that's how you
can prove that you're not a racist and
that's what I was saying yesterday is
that it seems to me that a lot of what
Democrats are doing here is using the
racism club in order to beat Trump into
a corner on policy and there's a certain
irony to this right Chuck Schumer is
saying that Trump is a racist for saying
that people from certain countries are
going to assimilate better than people
from other countries or that we should
prioritize certain countries over other
countries and that's racist right but
Chuck Schumer is proposing a legal
regime that prioritizes in certain
countries over other countries
if Chuck Schumer really wanted us not to
judge people based on their place of
origin
he should be in favor of getting rid of
the diversity Visa Lottery he should be
in favor of getting rid of country based
origin based immigration systems he
should be in favor of an individual
merit-based system which I am told the
president from pelant's and president
