former first lady barbara Bush passes
away justice Gorsuch actually rules
against President Trump and James Comey
continues to make his pathetic rounds
this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so we have a lot to get to today
including stormy Daniels on the view
yesterday just a lot of news breaking
but I want to begin today by saying
thank you to our sponsors over at my
Patriot supply so here is the reality if
there is some sort of emergency if
there's an earthquake or there's a
tornado if there's some sort of natural
disaster or man-made disaster you can't
count on the government to be there in
the next five minutes you are probably
going to need some resources to sustain
you at least for a relatively short
period of time FEMA is not exactly doing
its job all over the country sometimes
they do sometimes they don't but this is
the the best thing you can do is prepare
while things are calm which is why this
is the week to stock up on emergency
food so today you can get this Ben
Shapiro special offer from my Patriot
supply right now by one four week
emergency food kit for only 198 bucks
and you get one for free so it's buy one
get one free over at emergency food kits
rather they prepare with Ben's calm
checkout prepare with Ben calm purchase
one right now my Patriot supply will
send you an additional four week food
kit for free call eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen or order online and prepare
with Ben calm these kits do include
breakfast lunches and dinners and they
are packed in a rugged slimline tote the
food lasts for 20 if they're in storage
for 25 years it is shipped for free
discreetly to your home there's a
purchase limit of two per order so now
is the time to do it supplies are
limited again eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or prepare with
Ben comprehend calm again when you go
there check it out get your emergency
food supply you get a four week
emergency food kit for just 198 bucks
and you get another one for free and
this ensures that you and your family
are safe you stick it in the closet
don't worry about it until next time an
emergency hits and you're the person who
is prepared prepare with Ben calm that's
prepared with Ben calm okay so the big
news yesterday obviously was the death
of Barbara Bush so Barbara Bush the wife
to one president and the mother of
another passed away at age 92 and the
universal admiration for Barbara Bush
was really something nice I think in an
era where everybody seems to be at each
other's throats over politics a couple
of things are worth noting right off the
bat first of all if you look at all the
obituaries it says that Barbara Bush was
most famous obviously for as I say being
the wife of one president and the mother
of another there's this weird idea that
goes around in feminist circles that
being a wife and being a mother is
somehow degrading to women that somehow
it is it is what you do not in your
relationship
with others but what you do in your
career that matters most well for the
vast majority of human beings it is what
you do in your family life and the kind
of children that you raise that is going
to be your final legacy on the world
right Barbara Bush said this herself in
1990 she was speaking at Wellesley shoes
protested in 1990 so this just shows how
long these college protests have been
going on but Barbara Bush who was then
First Lady of the United States she
talked about why family was valuable in
life in 1990 at a graduation so I want
to offer a new legend the winner of the
hoop race will be the first to realize
her dream not society's dreams her own
personal dream
who knows somewhere out in this audience
may even be someone who will one day
follow in my footsteps and preside over
the White House as the president's
spouse and I wish him well okay so yeah
she's a person who definitely understood
the value of family one of the charming
clips that was going around yesterday as
well as a clip from 2011 George HW Bush
and Barbara were on the Today Show
together and and they read with their
granddaughter actually and george w
bush's daughter and they they read
George HW read some love letters that
he'd written to to Barbara and you can
sort of see their relationship
encapsulated in this in this short clip
on December 12 1943
my darling bar this should be a very
easy letter to write my grandparents
have been writing each other love
letters for more than 60 years I love
you precious with all my heart and to
know that you love me means my life 6
1994 for Barbara Pierce from gh WB will
you marry me oops
I forgot you did that 49 years ago today
I was very happy on that day in 1945 but
even happier today you give me joy that
few men know I've come perhaps the
highest mountain in the world but even
that cannot hold a candle to being
Barbara's husband mum used to tell me
now George don't walk ahead you never
listen to your mother
little did I know I was only trying to
keep up keep up a bar bar Pierce Vermont
and August Street in Rye New York
Speaker of the House okay so in Barbara
Bush issue she was definitely a pistol
there's a good piece in the New York
Times by Christopher Buckley who is a a
novelist and speech writer for VP HW
from 81 to 83 then he talks about
exactly who Barbara Bush was he said
that he learned a couple of lessons from
her he said there was no falsity no
pretence no guile most spin no art to
Barbara Bush who died on Tuesday
she was what-you-see-is-what-you-get I'm
on about the letter Americans are always
clamoring about the virtues of
transparency Barbara Bush was as
transparent as distilled water whoo but
she would have said of her own adored
son as he weighed a campaign for the
presidency if we can't find more than
two or three families to run for high
office that's silly there are a lot of
great families there are other people
out there that are very qualified we've
had enough bushes thanks MA if she was
mrs. no-nonsense she also had a playful
even girlish side to her on one occasion
I was alone in a freight elevator with
mr. and mrs. Bush and their Secret
Service detail when it got stuck between
floors stuck elevators are viewed grimly
by the Secret Service the atmosphere
quickly elevated to condition dread with
hands reaching for the holstered Glock
nines
orders Brockton to wrist mics and all
the rest the bushes were blithe I was
standing behind them mr. Bush's fingers
reached for mrs. Bush's derriere and
gave it a pinch she turned to him in
grin like an 18 year old hiya fella she
said so I can claim to have witnessed a
primal scene between mom and dad Bush so
just you know she was apparently a
really a really good woman by virtually
all accounts and there were tributes
that came in from the Clintons there are
tributes that came in from the Obamas in
class all across the aisle except of
course for the far left the far left
found an excuse to be upset about
Barbara Bush so Randy gerar who is a
professor at Fresno State and obviously
a delightful human being she tweeted out
Barbara Bush was a generous and smart
and amazing racist who along with her
husband raised a war criminal F out of
here with your nice words so you can
always count on Twitter to provide you
some of the best in American life but
this does demonstrate that there is a
primal hatred that exists on both sides
of the aisle unfortunately with regard
to some of these figures because the
reality is that if people can't get
beyond their own politics to to see the
personal side of people like Barbara
Bush it was not a political figure right
I mean Barbara Bush is the kind of woman
who when she was the the first lady in
1989 it was right after the election
there was a lot of talk about how babies
with AIDS if people were afraid that if
they held the baby with AIDS or if they
if a baby they'd spit up on them that
they would actually get AIDS
Barbara Bush and went to a Children's
Center where there were babies with AIDS
and she went she picked him up she
carried them around in front of the
cameras just to demonstrate that this
was not a serious danger and yet the the
fact that people hate each other so much
in today's modern politics they're
ripping on Barbara Bush 92 years old on
the day of her death he's really classy
it's not quite the same thing as ripping
on Ted Kennedy the day
his death I mean that guy actually left
a woman to drown in a car Barbara Bush
did nothing of the kind but you know dad
that may be the extent to which our
politics have gone awry now speaking of
our politics and going awry the the
story of the day yesterday continued to
be the storm easy annuals fall out the
Michael Cohen
fall out and all of it continues to be
very weird and very bizarre we're
obviously living in a reality show
simulation the the the former leading
presidential candidate for the Democrats
for a certain period of time Bernie
Sanders actually tweeted out today that
he wants cardi B to decide Social
Security Policy C I was joking when I
said I thought the cardi B's tax policy
was great cuz I don't think cardi B
knows all that much about tax policy
Bernie Sanders apparently was not joking
that just shows you how crazy things
have gotten
well now stormy Daniels was appearing on
the view and if you don't believe that
so much of our controversy so much of
the hatred that we see in America's
public life is now driven by the TV
theatrics of our political actors all
you have to do is watch TV for five
minutes and be disabused of this so
stormy Daniels who is a self
aggrandizing porn star who had sex with
a married man in 2006 earned one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars out of it
right before the election and then
decided to forego the one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars she's giving it
to Planned Parenthood which is obviously
a very classy move and she instead wants
to make a fortune by speaking openly
about her affair with Donald Trump which
lasted apparently a grand total of one
night and now she's on the view and on
the view she's explaining that she is
not in it for the money
that she's not in it for the glory she
is obviously in it for both the money
and the glory and listen she's a free
person in the United States she can do
whatever she pleases but that doesn't
mean that we have to put aside our
critical thinking skills she showed up
with her lawyer Michael a vanetti at the
Michael Kohn hearing the other day in
New York there was no reason for her to
be there she showed up there because she
wants to stay in the news and she's very
good at staying in the news and the news
are very good about keeping her in the
news so here it was Michael a vanetti
explaining that this was not a publicity
stunt in stormy Daniels saying this was
not a publicity stunt to show up in
court to an event that had nothing to do
with her I want to address the first
part I'm gonna let her address the
second part as it relates to us having
nothing to do with the case I mean
that's just not accurate on Friday judge
wood who I know granted me access to
that case stated that she would hear
from me as to any issue that I wanted to
speak about
recognising that we did have standing in
connection with that case because some
of these documents that were seized
relate to her and in fact the warrants
stemmed in significant part from what
happened to my client so we had every
right to be there in judge would the
city and federal judge would not have
granted me access to address the court
if we had no business being there but
I'm gonna let stormy speak to this issue
of making money from the tour etc guys
can I just say first of all I did not
name the tour that you won't hear me say
it I haven't promoted that name I think
it's awful and I think the name is awful
yeah I don't like to use I think it's
cheesy and a play on someone else's idea
and I try not to do that a strip club
owner and the Carolinas came up with it
and everyone else has latched on to it
as far as the tour I've yes I've gotten
more bookings than usual but I'm doing
the job that I've been doing for the
last almost 20 years yes there's a lot
of publicity but I didn't do it for that
because this isn't what I want to be
known for as a matter of fact I hid for
quite a while and it's it's overwhelming
and intimidating okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry that like I'm sorry the the media
portraying stormy Daniels has some sort
of great heroine who's coming out here
because she just wants the truth told
this isn't what she wants to be known
for yes I'm sure she wants to be known
for the witches of breastwork that's
what she wants to be known for anyway
she really wants to be known for is
stripping but not on the make America
horny again tour which is what the name
of her tour is that's the name that she
doesn't want to mention there and she
she feels really bad about that because
I mean that's humiliating it's not
humiliating to strip naked in front of a
bunch of men after talking about having
affair with the President of the United
States that's not humiliating it's
really the name of the tour that's
really where you got a drug line I mean
if you're gonna talk about class that's
really where you gotta draw the line
it's not you know the being a
pornographic actress thing that's that's
humiliating in any way it really is the
fact that you're now speaking on the
view fully dressed about all this stuff
that's that's not what you were on and
be remembered for you definitely want to
be remembered for those lesbian those
lesbian porn scenes that's that's
definitely the thing that's gonna go on
the epitaph right there like what in the
world and we're supposed to believe that
our politics are not broken in any
significant way I'm gonna show you more
of our politics being broken in just a
second because this is this interview on
the view really was quite astonishing
but first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over $1 shave club so
dudes your bathroom called and it is
time to give it the cleaning it deserves
get rid of all the junk that's lying
around I know in my bathroom there was a
lot of junk just lying around stuff he'd
gotten from the drugstore and that you
can throw out now because everything you
need is coming in a small box from
Dollar Shave Club dollarshaveclub.com
delivers everything you need to look
feel and smell your best they're more
than just razors and it's better than
shopping in a store they have razors
shave butter shampoo body wash
toothpaste everything you need to look
smell and feel your best I get an
amazing high-quality shave every morning
for my Dollar Shave Club executive razor
right here under my drawn line it is the
best razor that I have used and they
have their dr. Carver's shea butter
which is also fantastic it goes on clear
so you don't cut your jugular when
you're shaving and since DSC delivers
everything directly to you you don't
have to set foot in a store wandering
the aisles hunting for razors shampoo
body wash toothpaste none of that clean
up your bathroom the end of morning
routine join Dollar Shave Club today and
just for just 5 bucks with Free Shipping
you'll get the 6 blade executive razor
plus trial sizes of shave butter body
cleanser and the one wipe Charlies then
keep the blades coming for a few bucks
more every month get yours as
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben for the
special deal dollarshaveclub.com slash
Ben check it out there's a reason
they're one of the fastest growing
companies in the country
ok so speaking of the craziness of
stormy Daniels on the view everybody's
favorite portion of television of course
yesterday was the reality TV show reveal
of the of the likeness of the person who
allegedly threatened stormy Daniel so I
do love that storm and Daniel says in
this interview she tried to stay silent
about this for a long time well no
actually she tried to sell the story to
In Touch magazine and then she tried to
sell the story to National Enquirer and
then she stole that sold the story to
Trump and now she's selling the story to
the media so that's not good at being
quiet about things just last I checked
but she says in 2011 after In Touch
Weekly was going to print a story about
her having a one-night affair with Trump
and she was gonna get like 15 grand for
all of that then some weird guy came up
to her in the parking lot of some
grocery store with her daughter and said
to her something about how this is how a
nice baby you got there would be a shame
if something happened to her mother
which is just something from a bad dime
novel maybe it happened maybe it didn't
but this reveal on the view is just so
ridiculous I'm sorry if this were if
this was something that really mattered
to stormy Daniels I assumed she would
make a police report of some sort I
assumed that she would actually turn in
this photograph to the police I assume
that she had taken a little more
seriously than to go on the view right
to reveal it
listen I'm not ripping on the view I
desperately want to appear on the view
but that said this does not exactly pass
the smell test in terms of non
publicity-seeking behavior from stormy
Daniels you recently sat down with the
forensic artists a very well-known one
who created a sketch of the alleged
suspect based on your memory from that
day and now you're ready to reveal that
sketch for the first time can we take a
look at that with you and to your
recollection is is that the person that
threatened you absolutely looks exactly
like that person Wow
to your recollection is it the most
generic looking photograph you have ever
seen of any human being ever it looks
like every male star of last 30 years in
Hollywood Wow
thanks thanks stormy for that you've
really cleared it up I'm sure that all
the information will certainly be look
forthcoming although I have my own
suspicions that it was Tom Brady fresh
off the flight gate he had to do
something to get his name out of the
headlines and so he decided to go and
threaten stormy Daniels in 2011 wearing
the boy band haircut just really strong
stuff from stormy Daniels there and the
media taking all this stuff seriously is
truly incredible but of course that's
not the only stuff they're taking very
very seriously they are also taking very
seriously and continuing to do so all of
the all of the information about Michael
Cohen so Michael Cohen of course is
president Trump's lawyer and Michael
Cohen was dragged into court by washing
he dragged the FBI into court because he
is suing for access to all the materials
that they seized from his offices
there's a lot of speculation about what
exactly is in those materials what
exactly Michael Cohen has to worry about
but the two big headlines to come out of
this are that Michael Cohen is in
serious legal jeopardy which could be
trouble for Trump and too then one of
