Hillary Clinton tries to lead the
resistance Kanye goes to the White House
and we tell the tale of James a student
at the University of California Davis
with a wild wild tale this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
well Howdy Doody we have lots of news to
get to today first a couple
announcements first join me tonight at
my next Yap speech YF speech in Memphis
Tennessee starting at 7 p.m. Eastern I
will be dismantling the left's arguments
one by one
as per my usual arrangement the event is
not live streamed so you're actually
gonna have to show up in person and
don't miss your chance to come and watch
it in person it should be a blast also
if you're watching all of the news about
the midterm elections you know that
great uncertainty is attached to
elections and how those elections go may
mean something for your financial future
well if you are concerned one way to
mitigate downside risk is ensuring that
you are diversified financially and that
means having at least a little bit of
your money in precious metals that's why
I talk to the folks over at Birch gold
Birch gold provides you a hedge against
inflation a hedge against uncertainty
and not only that they're really good at
what they do right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your eye are eligible 401 K into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
which is perfect for folks who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from future uncertainty like the
uncertainty of the midterms look back
historically when the bottom falls out
gold is a good place to have some of
your money Birch gold group has
thousands of satisfied customers
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau right
now contact Birch gold to request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals ask all your questions and then
once you have at your answers then talk
to my friends at Birch gold about
investing again they'll give you that
free comprehensive 16-page kit showing
how gold and silver can protect your
savings go check them out at
birchgold.com slash been birchgold.com
slash bet well it is important to note
that in the aftermath of the Brett
Kavanaugh saga Republicans have been
gaining ground across the board in the
Senate in the house things still are way
too close to call it is not clear at
this point that Republicans lose the
house although the smart money suggests
that they probably will with that said
all the Senate polls that have come out
since the Brett Kavanaugh saga have been
terrible for Democrats I'm talking about
martha mcsalley in arizona who was down
5 to 7 points in that race suddenly is
up 6 points
to a new poll which is wonderful because
martha mcsalley will be quite a good
senator from the state of arizona in
tennessee the state in which I currently
sit that state has now turned strongly
toward Marsha Blackburn
Phil Bredesen on the heels of a Taylor
Swift endorsement has fallen plummeted
in the polls he is now down to the 30s
according to some polls and Marsha
Blackburn has pulled convincingly into
the lead Claire McCaskill remains
extraordinarily vulnerable in Missouri
so it looks like Republicans could in
fact in this election lose seats in the
House and pick up some significant seats
in the Senate which makes a big
difference because it means that if you
have a four five vote majority in the
Senate next time Republicans have a
judicial pick if Ruth Bader Ginsburg
retires for some reason or if God forbid
something happens to her health-wise
well then Republicans will have the
opportunity to replace her with a strong
conservative a strong textualist most
importantly like Amy Kony Barrett which
would be just unreal and that's a
significant possibility if the elections
go the way they seem to be going right
now now the reason that this shift has
happened is not because of President
Trump it's not because of the
Republicans it is simply because the
Democrats have bared their fangs the
Democrats have decided that they are
going to look as ugly and terrible as
humanly possible in public as often as
possible it's so funny because the
Democrats after after losing to
President Trump decided that what they
really needed to do was be more
off-putting they look at President Trump
and they see that his popularity ratings
hurt in the low forties and I thought
well you know what if we could imitate
that but do it worse right so he won't
have the the kind of blue-collar appeal
of President Trump we won't have these
sort of personal charisma of President
Trump will just be insanely off-putting
and terrible all the time maybe that
will win us power again and it doesn't
seem like it is working the media are
doing their best to try and cover for
this so you have this conflict that is
now happening is gas lighting that is
happening where Democrats are openly
stating openly that they are in favor of
mob politics that they are fine with mob
politics they're fine with people
showing up at restaurants and yelling at
people they are fine with people trying
to beat down the 13-ton bronze doors at
the Supreme Court they are fine with
folks screaming at senators and
elevators they are fine with all of
these things all these things are just
dandy
and then you have folks in the media
saying no no Democrats aren't saying
that there are no mobs that's not that's
not real why would you think
the mob stuff is real and those of us
with the brain are going well because
Democrats said so out loud repeatedly
and then the folks in the media say no
no no no no you're not allowed to listen
to what Democrats say the only mobs that
exist are republican mobs and we say
well name them and they say well
charlottesville say well no that's not a
republican what are you even talking
about in any case let's begin today with
Hillary Rodham Clinton who will not go
away she is like just a bad case of
genital herpes she just will not leave
and she remains on the political scene
really torturing everyone Democrat and
Republican I'm not sure they're that
many Democrats who are extraordinarily
excited about Hillary Clinton still
being around again there's a basic
principle in American politics which is
that after you lose a presidential
election we really don't want to hear
from you pretty much ever again Hillary
Clinton however does not know this rule
so she continues to appear in the media
and say silly things what you have to
love about Hillary Clinton I really mean
that's all you have to love about her is
that she's utterly transparently
mechanical it's like we're moving the
face of a clock you can see all the
gears working in real time so for
example yesterday she was on CNN and
choose asked specifically about civility
now we all know that Hillary is not the
nicest human being and that's that's not
a great shock but Hillary was also the
person who kept saying during the 2016
election every time they go low we go
high when they go low we go high right
now that was her routine during the 2016
election well now she's changed her tune
why is she changed her tune because she
realizes that the passion of the base is
not with civility the passion of the
base is not with decency the passion of
the bases with yelling and screaming and
kicking on the floor like my two and a
half year old son when I tell him he's
not allowed to push em away at school
right that's that's how the Democratic
base is responding to the latest round
of politics she knows that and so
Hillary being transparently manipulative
and political has started to try to
personality mayor now there are certain
people in our office I won't name names
like Michael Knowles who are excellent
at personality mirroring this is just
something that they do it's like a
natural quality if you talk to Michael
Knowles and you are jovial he will be
jovial if you talk to Michael Mol's and
you're in a bad mood he will be in a bad
mood Michael Moses has a unique capacity
to mirror human personality it's one of
the things that makes him roguishly like
is that he mirrors personality quite
well well Hillary Clinton is really bad
at it
Hillary Clinton tries to do it but fail
so she's supposed to be trying to sort
of encompass the rage of her own base
here but it's so mechanical that you can
see all the gears moving and sort of
delightful to see all the gears moving
because you can see once again why she
lost here's Hillary Clinton explaining
that Democrats should not be civil with
Republicans that's the time for civility
is over which makes you wonder when was
the time for civility not over and I was
here for the Obama administration when
the IRS was militarized against
conservative 501c3 groups I was here for
the Obama administration when they were
cramming down a horrific Iran deal that
put our allies in danger and then lying
to the American public about it and then
chortling over lying I was here for the
Obama years when Barack Obama went out
in public and made excuses for rioting
in Ferguson and Baltimore so I'm not
sure what Hillary Clinton is talking
about when she says the era of civility
is over but here is Hillary Clinton
saying we don't need to be civil anymore
because we disagree with Republicans and
why would you be civil with people with
whom you disagree you cannot be civil
with a political party that wants to
destroy what you stand for what you care
about that's why I believe if we are
fortunate enough to win back the house
and/or the Senate that's when civility
can start again so in victory civility
so civility can start again when we
dominate you and put our boot on your
throat that's when civility makes a
comeback now what's funny about this is
that her premise that you can't be civil
to a party that wants to destroy all the
things that you stand for that's the
premise of party politics in the United
States there's not a lot unifying the
Democratic and Republican parties right
now they both want to destroy what the
other party stands for that does not
remove the requirement to be civil now I
think Republicans understand this much
better than Democrats do or at least did
until 2016 the the great untold story of
the last 25 years is that Democrats
categorized every Republican as evil and
nasty and bigoted and homophobic and
racist and all of these terrible things
and finally Republicans responded in
2016 by saying you know what screw you
two we're done and I have a chart to
prove it
so here's a chart from Jonathan heights
new book about polarization in American
politics and here's what it shows
it's partisan hatred before the other
party and you will see that the lighter
line if you're watching this you can see
the lighter line shows that you they
folks who hate the Democratic Party
Republicans who hate the Democratic
Party and the darker line shows
Democrats who hate the Republican Party
what you will see is that until 2016
Democratic hate for the Republican Party
was higher or equal to hate from
Republicans for Democrats every year
since 1980 right that's the actual trend
line here what you see in this trend
line is that since 1980 when Ronald
Reagan won election Democratic hatred
for the Republican Party skyrocketed and
was significantly higher than Republican
hatred for the Democrats all the way up
until 1995 or so then they sort of drew
even and they basically are right on top
of each other and then after george w
bush was elected then democratic hatred
for the republican party skyrocket again
and remained higher this is the part
that's amazing it remained higher than
hatred for the Democratic Party by
Republicans all the way until 2016 which
means even after Barack Obama was
elected Democrats still hated
Republicans more than Republicans hated
Democrats which shows you that
Republicans in the end really believe I
think they believe and I believe this
for decades that Democrats are wrong but
not evil and Democrats believe that
Republicans are both wrong and evil and
in 2016 Republicans finally said listen
you guys think that we're evil well that
makes you evil we're done with this
right you're gonna say that you hate us
just for partisan reasons well we hate
you right back you can go shove it we
are not interested in playing this game
with you anymore that's what's happened
so the media only noticed this around
2016 because the media are partisan
Democrats the folks of the media only
noticed that Republican hatred for
Democrats had skyrocketed in 2016
because for the first time it was
evident that that was the case because
until then Democratic hatred for
Republicans always had exceeded
Republican hatred for Democrats and the
media were part of that problem the
media were forwarding that hatred the
media were cheering it on who was the
media declaring that George W Bush was a
war criminal it was the media declaring
that the Tea Party were a bunch of
terrorists who's the media declaring
that the Tea Party were a bunch of mob
fallacy fans right this was this was
their claim and then in 2016 Republicans
won
partially by saying okay fine we will
activate the hatred within right they'll
fall for the Emperor's trick in Return
of the Jedi well let the hate flow
through us and it would make us powerful
and to a certain extent it did Democrats
thinking that they are going to somehow
win by escalating the amount of hatred
in their hearts again is a pretty
astonishing thing and we're going to
talk about how the media is gaslighting
everybody on this issue in just one
second but first let's talk about those
credit card bills so here is the reality
you've been racking up credit card bills
or maybe it happen and the credit card
at the rates on those credit card bills
are exorbitant if you've been racking up
credit card bills and you are paying
interest rates that are twenty thirty
percent because you have been able to
pay off those bills maybe it's time to
consolidate that debt or pay off your
credit cards with one fixed monthly
payment and that's where Lending Club
comes in they've helped millions of
people regain control of their finances
with affordable fixed-rate personal
loans no trips to a bank no high
interest credit cards just go to Lending
Club com tell them about yourself how
much you want to borrow pick the terms
that are right for you and if you're
approved your loan is automatically
deposited into your bank account in as
little as a few days
Lending Club is the number one
peer-to-peer lending platform they have
over thirty five billion dollars in
loans issued go to Lending Club comm
slash pen and check your rate in minutes
you can borrow up to 40 grand
that's Lending Club comm slash been
again Lending Club comm slash been all
loans made by web bank member FDIC Equal
Housing lender go check it out right now
Lending Club comm /ban consolidate that
debt put yourself on firmer fiscal
footing Lending Club com / been and let
them know that we sent you with that
slash bet okay so as I say the Democrats
have decided to let the hate flow
through them in order to defeat the
Republicans failing to recognize that it
was Democratic hatred for Republicans
that activated Republicans in the first
place and this is the part that's ironic
the Democrats think by being more
militant maybe more angry that they're
going to get their base riled up and
then they're going to sweep back into
power well they showed how militant and
angry they could be over the last two
weeks and guess what happened in all the
battleground Senate polls they lost
ground because Republicans looked at
that they said oh I remember why I was
scared of you I remember why I was angry
at you and Here I am I'm back and we're
gonna vote this time around well mazie
Hirono is joining the party she along
with Hillary Clinton is now a big fan of
all of this mob sort of stuff I like the
train noise in the background it really
adds an ambient feel to this this whole
show the momentum of a train moving
forward hey case here's mazie Hirono
senator from Hawaii talking about how
there's a mob is that really bad because
I mean the Republicans are all white
supremacist anyway so why not mob them
well this is what happens you know they
because when you look at white
supremacist and all that this is what's
it coming forth in our country there's a
tremendous divisive Ness
in our country but this is the kind of
activism that occurs and people make
their own decisions if they violate the
law then they have to account for that
okay so fun to hear Democratic senators
openly state that they don't really care
about this sort of mob tactic now the
funny part is that the media have
decided the media may be smarter than
the Democrats in all this the Democrats
think they can activate the base and the
media think they can tamp down
Republican response by pretending that
none of this is happening so as the mob
is activated as folks at the Women's
March and folks at the ACLU and folks in
democratic halls of power start saying
that it's okay to railroad a guy without
any due process and then to activate
mobs to go and and storm the the Senate
building and go and storm the Supreme
Court as they sell this the media
maintained over and over that you
shouldn't believe your eyes who can
believe down lemon or your own eyes who
are you gonna believe
who are you going to believe Brooke
Baldwin or your own lying eyes and this
is the way they approach this so last
night on CNN Matt Lewis and Mary
Katharine ham both friends of mine and
both Republicans are on with propelled
win' and they're talking about president
Trump who is labeled democratic politics
mob politics which it is at this point
listen to Brooke Baldwin tried to spin
away I mean it's amazing
listen her try to spin away the fact
that mobs invaded the heart Senate
building and tried to intimidate people
and then once the sand went to the
Supreme Court in tried to beat in the
doors here is here is Brooke Baldwin
Brooke Baldwin doing her best to gasps
like the American people oh it's it's
totally a mob it is without a doubt
there's no other word for us it's a put
up a stop stop but on a mob is what we
saw in Charlottesville Virginia two
August's ago now a mob
it's what we saw chasing I'm gonna tell
you what they did right what about the
people who were at the Supreme Court
banging on the walls what do you call
that civil protest or is that a mob I
think it's easily a mom and there's
Brooke Bob and putting your head in your
hands how could someone call this a mob
why would anyone call it because it's a
mob that's why there's there's an
article in The Washington Post saying
Republicans tried to recast Democratic
protest as mob we'd have to recast
anything and didn't take a lot of work
at all it said something like
Republicans work hard to do it doesn't
take any work at all because all we have
to do is show you the video show you the
pictures it's not just Brooke Baldwin
