rachel maddow cries corey lewandowski
laughs and the illegal immigration
fallout continues i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
so many feelings so many emotions so
much happening we'll go through all of
it in just one second first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over
Equipe so do you brush your teeth twice
a day do you do it for the proper amount
of time you have to lie to me okay look
I'm not your dentist you don't have to
lie you should just go get quit just
listen to me right now if you want to
have better mouth health well this is
what clip is for it's the new electric
toothbrush the packs just the right
amount of vibration into a slimmer
design in a fraction of the cost of
bulkier traditional electric brushes and
guiding pulses alert you when to switch
sides making brushing the right amount
effortless right amount of effortless
quip also comes to the mount that
suctions right to your mirror and on
sticks to use as a cover fry genic
travel anywhere it is a lot sleeker in
design than any of the other electric
toothbrushes that you are likely to get
it doesn't come with a charger because
the battery goes right in the toothbrush
and it works just great plus you can
also get new brush heads I'm a dentist
recommended schedule every three months
for just five dollars including free
shipping worldwide most super
toothbrushes don't get named one of Time
Magazine's best inventions of the year
equipped did for a reason it starts at
just 25 dollars if you go to get quip
comm slash Shapiro right now you'll get
your first refill pack absolutely free
with a quip electric toothbrush that is
your first refill pack free at get
equipped comm Shapiro
that's GE tqu IP comm slash apparel get
quip comm slash apparel I've been using
quip at home it is fantastic I love it
you should get it as well get quip comm
slash Shapiro alrighty so a lot to get
to today apparently the Trump
administration policy with regards to
separating children from parents which
is mandated by law if you're going to
arrest people criminally for crossing
the border
you cannot keep their kids in custody we
discuss this at length over the last
several days there's a court ruling from
2016 in which the court declared that
you cannot keep kids together with their
parents in fact the Obama administration
used to keep kids together with their
parents in detention proceedings and
then they were sued they were sued on
the basis that this was being used as a
deterrent to illegal immigration because
how dare you keep children in prisons
these are innocent kids why would you
keep them with their parents in prison
okay so the left sort of wants it both
ways they don't want you to be able to
keep the kids in prison with the parents
but they also don't want you to separate
the parents from the kids which leaves
only one solution of course which is
release the parents which is really what
they want out of this entire thing now
how do I know that this is what they
want from the entire spiel here well
because well the Democrats are out there
saying Nazi Nazi Nazi
not see about all of his policies about
all of his policy and let's be real I
did not see that coming well they're
saying all of this about Nazi policy
from the right the right is actually
attempting to solve this so Republicans
came forward yesterday Ted Cruz came
forward yesterday with a bill that would
fix all of this and say that children
can stay with their parents in detention
centers until all of the proceedings
have gone forward so what did Senate
Democratic leader Chuck Schumer do he
dismissed the legislative proposal he
said there are so many obstacles to
legislation and when the president can
do it with his own pen it makes no sense
legislation is not the way to go here
when it's so easy for the president to
sign it and then asked if that meant
Democrats would not support a bill
backed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell to keep immigrant families
together while seeking asylum on the US
border Schumer said they want to keep
the focus on Trump again quote
the president can change it with his pen
unacceptable editions have bogged down
every piece of legislation we've done so
in other words it's Nazi policy but if
the Republicans try to fix it there are
also Nazis which is pretty convenient
for the Democrats and as I said the
media coverage of this particular issue
has led Democrats to believe that the
issue doesn't need to be solved and
instead should be used as a club to
wield against everybody that you don't
like this is the plan by people like
Chuck Schumer on the left you can't have
it both ways either the policy is
straight from Japanese internment camps
in Nazi Germany in which case you should
be for anything that would alleviate the
policy or the policy is not that bad in
which case maybe we should argue over
the policy but the Democrats want to say
that the policy is awful it's evil it's
not yes kits Japanese immigrant and in
1942 it's all of those things but we're
not gonna work to solve it because it's
all on Trump okay all of which suggests
that a lot of the Democratic tears on
this are crocodile tears for political
gain no I'm not gonna say that everybody
who's upset over this policy is faking
it because I don't think that's right I
think a lot of people are upset over
this policy listen I don't think it's a
great policy I think it's a bad policy
but I also think that keeping kids
interned with parents is not a great
policy either there is no great policy
when it comes to illegal immigration in
the end as with war games the only
winning move is not to play right if you
don't want illegal immigrants separated
from their families or alternatively
kept with their families in detention
don't illegally immigrate you're going
to have to deter illegal immigration
that is the only solution because again
you can't say that you want kids to stay
with the families but you also want kids
released it's either one or the other
you can't have it both ways but it seems
that the left is more interested in
promulgating a particular
feeling about this policy than they are
about solving it it's just like gun
control every time there's a mass
shooting the left decides that it's
necessary to have these vast displays of
emotion these vast displays of empathy
and then they don't actually get
anything done because the policies they
call for have nothing to do with
actually stopping the crime at issue
well the same thing is happening here
the Republicans have proposed a
legislative fix the Democrats are
running away from that legislative fix
now they're urging President Trump to go
ahead and make an executive decision to
simply overrule the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals decision in Flores and keep the
kids together with their parents how
long do you think it will take for
another lawsuit to be filed saying that
is unconstitutional for the kids to
remain together with their parents or
that is violation of the 1997 Flores
agreement with the federal government
it'll take exactly 5 seconds because we
just had those lawsuits again the Obama
administration kept children with
parents they were sued not to do that
they changed their policy not only did
they change their policy they had said
that they were keeping the kids together
with their parents as a deterrent and
the court said you're not allowed to do
that and now they're saying you can't
release the kids so you can't keep the
kids and you can't release the kids
because all the left really wants is
everyone released oh the all the emotion
that's coming out from this is is you
know on one on one level understandable
on another level irritating if you're
not gonna propose any solution so rachel
maddow last night on MSNBC she broke
down on air talking about migrant babies
being detained nobody is happy with the
idea of 12 month old babies I have a
two-year-old in the four year old no one
likes the idea of a two-year-old being
removed from their parents and crying
for mommy and daddy nobody likes this
which is why I've been saying
legislative fix from literally the first
day that this controversy broke onto the
scene but I will just point out that
Rachel Maddow has no such sympathy for
the hundreds of thousands of babies who
are killed in the womb every year she
has no such sympathy for kids who are
removed from their parents when parents
are arrested for domestic crimes Rachel
Maddow seems to me to be using emotion
as a sort of baton in order to try and
drive a particular narrative and that
narrative by the way is not creating
solutions again that narrative is
designed to let Democrats prevent
solutions that narrative is designed to
allow Democrats to emotionally
manipulate the American public without
working to fix the problem in the first
place here is Rachel Maddow / Michael
Mol's last night Trump administration
officials have been sending babe
and other young children Oh to at least
three three tender age shelters in South
Texas lawyers and medical providers just
I'm gonna have to hand this off okay the
tender age shelters by the way have
existed since 2010 under the Obama
administration I'll say this as somebody
who covers the news every day I'm not a
big fan of histrionics on air again I'm
sure that this is legit from from Rachel
Maddow okay I'm not gonna say that I
don't think that she feels this way I'm
sure she does feel this way but all of
us who are in the television business
all of us who are on camera on a regular
basis I would suggest that it is not a
good look for us to get so emotional
about issues that we can't discuss them
rationally
yeah but emotion emotional investment in
issues actually prevents rational
discussion of those issues but I think
the emotional investment is the entire
point at this point I think it's become
all about feelings and very little about
policy for example here's an NPR anchor
her last name is Kino Josa and and she
says that this is just like the Nazis
it's exactly like the Nazis on MSNBC
Elie Wiesel may he rest in peace what he
said to me was he said you know the
Nazis had it perfectly correct they
declared us an illegal people that's how
it began we were declared an illegal
people as Jews right and that follows
that they're not it's a very horrible
thing to make these comparisons but if
you think about the level of
dehumanization where we have arrived
where children are being taken there's
an arc there okay no there isn't you're
an idiot you're an idiot okay first I
would like to point out that everybody
in America seems to have read Harry
Potter and once heard of people called
the Nazis and every single issue must
fit into one of these two frameworks
into these two idiotic frameworks either
everything is a Harry Potter do-over or
everybody's a Nazi not everything you
dislike is Nazi policy gang read a
fricking book if you really believe that
Nazi policy was to have a process of law
whereby people who are illegally
attempting to enter Nazi Germany were
temporarily separated from their
children for the protection of the
children because we didn't want to hold
the children and incarcerated custody
and then they were reunited with those
children when people were deported if
you really think that was Nazi policy
it's because you're a as far as
the notion of dehumanization it is not
to who
the whole point here is that the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals most liberal
Court in America held that it is a
better policy to force parents and
children to be separated than to leave
children with parents in custody in the
first place again this was not Trump
coming up with you know what would be a
nefarious evil idea if we took those
kids away from those parents that is an
effectuation of law once you arrest
people the kids have to be removed by
force of law now it seems that today
Trump wants to change that by executive
order we'll see if he's even allowed to
get away with that it'll go straight to
court it'll probably be overturned
because in the end there is really an
agenda here but it drives me nuts when
people start invoking the Nazis when the
policy that is being discussed has
nothing to do with the Nazis Nazi is not
just shorthand for stuff I don't like
not a crime Nazi is like crying wolf now
there are actual Nazis yeah there are
actually people in the world to believe
the same thing the Nazis did the Iranian
regime believes the same thing the Nazis
did when it comes to extermination of
the Jews hey there are lots of people
across the world who believe in Nazi s
policy with regard to eugenic abortion
for example there are lots of people
across the world who believe not yes
fiscal policy but in order for you to
make a comparison you can't just say
look at that Trump he probably has a
swastika in his basement the only thing
separating Trump from Hitler is the
mustache you actually have to explain
why the policy that you say you oppose
is truly Nazi ask and to say that it's
all about dehumanization it's too vague
it's not about to humanization we're not
saying that these people should be taken
out and gassed we're not saying we
should be because you were taken out and
shot
I'm not happy with the treatment here
but to suggest that there is anything
remotely resembling Nazi policy
happening here is insulting to Americans
it's insulting to the Trump
administration it's insulting to the
people who carry it out it really is
insulting to the to the ICE agents I'd
like to point out because we've been
brought up on the notion you don't get
to follow a bad order you don't get to
follow an evil order that if somebody
tells you to go out in public and shoot
some innocent bystander that you have to
refuse that order right or if said the
Nuremberg defense I was only following
orders doesn't apply morally are we
really now suggesting that ice agents
are the equivalent of Nazis the ice
agents who are carrying out these orders
to separate the kids as per policy
promulgated by the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals and those people are exactly the
same as the brown shirts or the
Auschwitz guards is that really what we
are saying here now and it's it's
constant right Soledad O'Brien's we did
the same thing out Soledad O'Brien
tweeted out well I guess
we put to rest the question Nazi Germany
could it happen here in America I'll
discuss in a second why this is so
idiotic but first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Skillshare so
right now there's a lot of movement in
the job market people move job to job
you're not gonna be at the same job that
you are now probably in ten years people
move every five years or so in their
jobs as opposed to you back in your
grandpa's day when they stayed at GM for
50 years and earned the gold watch that
means you have to constantly be updating
a resume you have to constantly be
adding to your skill set and that is
what skill share is for it's an online
learning platform with over 20,000
classes in business design technology
and more you can take classes in social
media marketing illustration data
science mobile photography I've taken
one in watercolours take another one in
social media marketing all the classes
are taught by experts they're about 45
minutes long and they really are
excellent okay you will have a level of
expertise you didn't think you would
have after you take a Skillshare class
and right now if you join Skillshare you
get two months for just 99 cents the
skill share is offering ben shapiro show
listeners two months of unlimited access
to 20,000 classes for just 99 cents if
he wasn't really try no you like
learning and that's what skills share
does better than pretty much anyone else
sign up go to skill shared comm Shapiro
that skill share calm / prepare to start
your two months for 99 cents right now
skills shared comm slash Shapiro one
more time skill shared calm / Pierrot
use that / appear so they know he's
telling you okay so Soledad O'Brien
tweets out but this is just like Nazi
Germany she tweets out that Nazi Germany
could happen here now I've always
believed that the rise of fascism in
Germany is inexplicable phenomenon
people tend to treat it as though the
entire country just went crazy all of a
sudden in the entire country just
suddenly decided that they were going to
start exterminating Jews and going to
war with all the surrounding countries
and when you actually spend a fair bit
of time studying the rise of Nazi
Germany as I have then what you will see
is that there was an organic process by
which the Nazis ended up taking over
Germany and actually the detainer should
pre-existed the Nazis that the existence
of a dictatorial power in the center of
German government pre-existed the Nazis
began about 1930 culminated in 1932 it
was it was essentially a non elected
government or at least if it was elected
it was it was running not along the
basis of a legislature for a long time
in Germany before the Nazis even took
power I've always believed that human
beings can slide into evil a lot more
easily than we like to think that we
could but what Soledad O'Brien is saying
which is that we are now like Nazi
Germany or becoming like Nazi Germany
when we set
right kids from parents at the border
okay what's your alternative what sir
I'm fine with not separating kids from
parents at the border so there's Ted
Cruz hos Donald Trump but the Democrats
don't want any sort of policy that will
fix this which demonstrates full-scale
that all of this is really just
emotional manipulation by the left if
you're not gonna solve the problem if
you're not gonna propose any solution
other than yelling at Trump and then
suggesting that he release everybody on
mass we're not criminally prosecuted
legal immigration then you're not
contributing to a solution to the
problem you're just using this as a
political club to wield and and you can
see the extent to which the media have
gone overboard so for example the New
Yorker decided that they were going to
target a particular ice agent so they
showed a picture of an ice agent and
they said this man has a has a Nazi
tattoo all right so the New Yorker did
was put out a picture of a Marine
veteran accusing him of having a Nazi
tattoo because he works for ice hay and
the picture shows a guy with a series of
tattoos on his arm like a lot of guys
who are our military or ex-military well
now it turns out that all of that is
nonsense okay the guy who she took a
picture of this particular this
particular reporter she tweeted about a
guy named Justin Gartner and Gartner is
a combat combat wounded veteran a nice
forensic analyst and she said they had a
Nazi Iron Cross inked on his elbow but
it turns out that it's a maltese crossed
a symbol associated with fire fighters
the tattoo according Gartner is actually
a titan-2 symbol for his platoon when he
served in Afghanistan according to ice
the writing on his right arm is the
Spartan Creed which is about protecting
family and children anyone attempting to
