president Trump declares his trade war
on hold the White House cracks down on
CNN and Republicans go after Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will
talk about it I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
many a new piece of news will meet my
eye many a new day shall find me well
we'll talk about all of the things that
are breaking in the news first I need to
let you know that if you have not
actually bought a ticket yet for our
live events in Dallas and Phoenix what
are you doing what are you doing okay we
have a Ben Shapiro show live this August
Dallas and Phoenix but you should know
that we are now 80% sold out of both
events and we still have a month to go
which means it's going to sell out if
you haven't gotten your tickets yet you
should get them now or else you could
miss out on this event entirely Plus
right now we are also selling you should
know Ben Shapiro Live Tour shirts over
at amazon.com so go check that out as
well because we announced yesterday that
they're a bunch of colleges we'll be
visiting
so go check that out too also I should
remind you that our national debt is 21
trillion dollars in Counting right and I
remember when we used to care about that
sort of stuff that is a bunch of money
that we owe the social security fund and
money that we have borrowed from other
countries via bonds well that debt is
greater than the entire economic output
of the United States if your entire life
savings is tied to the US dollar you
should ask yourself what your plan is
for inflation or if the stilts fall out
from under the economy a hedge against
inflation and a hedge against
uncertainty and stability it is precious
metals gold is a safe haven against
uncertainty which is why my savings plan
is diversified and yours should be - the
company I trust with precious metals
purchases is you know it Birch gold
group and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
which is perfect for people who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from any future geopolitical
uncertainty when you look back
historically what you see is that when
the bottom falls out of everything else
Gold tends to safeguard savings Birch
gold group has thousands of satisfied
customers countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau you all know about Birch Gold's
free information kit but for a limited
time qualified purchases can earn up to
an additional 10 grand in precious
metals for free through July 31st to
find out if your purchase qualifies go
to birchgold.com slash men talk to a rep
birchgold.com slash men let them know
that we sent you again the offer only
runs until July 31st terms and
limitations apply ask your sales
representative for details
ok so yesterday was an epic day of good
Trump bad Trump which is a great excuse
for us to bring back our good Trump bad
Trump jingle lets women done this in a
long time guys I'm excited let's bring
it back good Trump bad Trump guys go
[Music]
every day is a mystery I'm good Trump
bad Trump you never know what you're
going to find behind door number one or
door number two well I've been talking
for several weeks about the silliness of
trade wars about why you don't rally
terrifying you don't increase tariffs in
order to increase prices on your own
citizens and increase prices on inputs
and sync your own economy simply to
punish other countries the president
however likes tariffs a lot but
yesterday he went weapons down with the
EU so he tweeted out yesterday that he
had made a deal with the EU he said
great meeting on trade today with yoga
EU Jonker of course is the is the head
of the EU since we have come to a very
strong understanding and all believers
and are all believers in no tariffs no
barriers and no subsidies that would be
John Claude Younker by the way he says
work on documents has already started
and the process is moving along quickly
European Union nations will be open to
the United States and at the same time
benefitting by everything we are doing
for them there was great warmth and
feeling in the room a breakthrough has
been quickly made that nobody thought
possible actually I mean to be a little
affair pretty much everybody thought
that was possible so long as we just
said we're not gonna raise our tariffs
and you're not gonna raise your tariffs
in then we get to be friends again this
is great to be back on track with the
European Union this was a big day for
free and fair trade now it was a good
day for free and fair trade one of the
big questions here is whether it was
Trump's tough talk with the EU that
caused them to lower some of their
tariffs on American products that is I
would say unclear at best just to be
completely honest now I'm fine with the
president leveraging and threatening if
he gets them to lower their tariffs that
is fine with me and then we lower our
tariffs and everything is all better so
I don't care that's fine I'm very
pleased that the president has moved in
this direction it was unclear this is
the direction the president was going to
move because on the one hand he likes
tariffs a lot he thinks tariffs are
inherently good and on the other hand he
was saying well what we should all aim
for is no tariffs so which was it was
this just a negotiating ploy or was this
the president speaking his true feelings
on tariffs and then his administration
sort of fixing it in the back room
either way the outcome isn't the same
and the outcome is good The Wall Street
Journal editorial board was very excited
about this this morning they say the
meeting on Trade Wednesday between
President Trump and European Commission
President jean-claude Juncker had all
the makings of a potential crack-up but
in the event it provided the best
economic news in weeks financial markets
were clearly pleased as stocks rose
across the board before the closing bell
on the statements by the two presidents
after their White
session call it a relief rally the two
sides essentially declared a tariff
truce pending negotiations on a larger
trade deal between the 28-nation
European Union and the u.s. mr. Trump
agreed to step back from his threat of
25% tariffs on European car imports
while the two sides pledged to resolve
the current u.s. steel and aluminum
tariffs and Europe's retaliatory levies
on u.s. goods
Europe Europe also agreed to buy more
soybeans immediately and much more
liquefied natural gas from the United
States in the future as its import
capacity expands that particularly is a
good thing that the EU is now going to
import a bunch of American liquefied
natural gas it cuts off the market for
the Russians who are increasing their
power and their influence in the
European Union by shipping all sorts of
natural gas to that area LNG export
capacity is expected to nearly triple by
2022 nine point six billion cubic feet a
day as more export terminals come online
and the fracking boom continues and more
importantly the two sides agreed to
negotiate a larger trade deal that mr.
Trump said would have as a goal zero
tariffs zero non-tariff barriers and
zero subsidies on non auto industrial
goods well I wish that he would extend
it to auto industrial goods I don't
think that we should maintain all of
these trade barriers with regard to
autos and motorcycles but it is good
that everybody is back at the table The
Wall Street Journal points out that
Europe has a ten percent tariff on u.s.
made cars the u.s. charges only 2.5
percent on cars made in Europe but we
charge with 25 percent tariffs on
imported trucks and Europe will want the
United States to take that to zero which
won't please forward and US companies
let's all hope that this is all honest
and everybody wants to get to zero
tariffs and zero subsidies and that we
all want to get to a perfectly free
trade scenario now was it President
Trump that caused all this a lot of his
champions today are saying that this was
Trump at his very best this is Trump
making a deal by raising tariffs
threatening the EU and then the EU
backing down Trump seems to believe the
same thing here's what he had to say
yesterday from in a hastily called press
conference at the Rose Garden we've
never done like we're doing I can say
from the standpoint of the United States
we've never done this well but we're
going to do a lot better after we do
this deal and other deals that we're
currently working on I had the intention
to make a deal today and we made a deal
today
so Trump is very very happy of course
because anytime somebody says that a
deal was made he's a happy camper
president Trump of course is a deal make
this is how he pictures himself and if a
deal got made the president gets credit
for it no matter what tactics he used in
order to in order to engage in it now
did we actually have to threaten the EU
with all these really high tariffs in
order to get them to lower some of their
barriers on soybeans probably not the
reality is that the EU just signs a
massive trade deal with Japan the United
States could have been a part of there's
a piece over at national review by
Matthew Rooney from just a couple of
days ago talking about the deal between
the EU and Japan says this the EU and
Japan just signed a trade agreement
while the u.s. sat on the sidelines this
is a bad move on America's part because
late comers will ultimately find
themselves with no option but to accept
the terms of the deal how do we know
that it was America's own strategy with
the general post-war agreement on
tariffs and trade that's GATT NAFTA and
the central american free trade
agreement known as CAFTA as well as the
World Trade Organization itself the
European Union with an economy similar
in size to Americas at 25 percent of
global GDP has teamed up with Japan
which produces another five percent of
global GDP to take the lead so why was
the u.s. missing from the table first
because we abandon the trans-pacific
partnership that would be TPP there are
problems with TPP as negotiated by
Barack Obama but I think it was a
mistake I said so at the time to scrap
TPP and I think that instead President
Trump should have gone in and opened up
some of those provisions to
congressional approval obviously also
President Trump continues to muck about
with NAFTA and he's unclear on whether
we are going to allow NAFTA to move
forward or not everybody else is
creating these great trade bloc's in the
United States is sort of picking and
choosing trade deals some of which are
beneficial and some of which seem
relatively minimal nonetheless this is
good Trump okay bottom line is tariffs
come down trade barriers go away that is
good Trump and President Trump gets
credit for the e lowering its trade
barriers even if I think that this sort
of threatening language with regards to
tariffs is unnecessary we'll also have
to see the final product we will have to
see the final product of the agreement
will have to see the text of the
agreement we'll have to see whether the
tariffs actually do come down so that
indeed is good Trump more good Trump was
the Trump administration officials from
the Trump administration coming forward
and and making clear that American
policy on Russia is not going to weaken
anytime soon so we've been hearing ever
since the Helsinki conference last week
between President Trump and Vladimir
Putin we've been hearing that the
president of the United States is weak
on Russia he's in the pay of the
Russians we hear this from Adam Schiff
we hear this from various members of the
Democrat
caucus that Trump is a secret agent on
the roof keys well that actually is not
true as evidenced by the policy of the
administration now I suggested in the
last couple of weeks that there is this
massive gap between President Trump's
rhetoric and the actions of his
administration and it's one of the
reasons I think that the left can't
understand why so many conservatives
support President Trump they say well
President Trump says crazy things you
never accept from Barack Obama and the
answer is right but then none of that
stuff happens so in president Trump's
has a lot of nice things to Vladimir
Putin none of it actually materializes
also I do have to acknowledge that this
is hilarious you know when when when
Vladimir Putin the dictator of Russia
actually remembered he handed Donald
Trump a soccer ball remember this hand
I'm a soccer ball as a sort of memento
that he was going to keep from this
conference it turns out the soccer ball
did indeed have embedded inside it a
chip that allowed it to broadcast to
cell phones in the area so it actually
was a spy device apparently there's a
report that it was actually a spy device
that was handed to Donald Trump but
Donald Trump did not fall for it because
Donald Trump knows soccer that's a man
who knows his football right there so
does any of this does any of Trump's
rhetoric actually make a difference it's
a serious question that we have to that
we have to answer with regard to all of
these policies you talk stuff on the ear
but then he sides a trade deal with them
which is good he talks week on Russia
but then his administration is pretty
harsh on Russia Mike Pompeo who's the
new Secretary of State the Newton in the
news and improved Secretary of State he
is testifying before Congress he says
listen we haven't changed our policy on
the Russians invading Crimea and the
Ukraine they need to get out well what
about all the talk that this
administration was The Manchurian
Candidate that it was in the pay of
Vladimir Putin not so much it was Mike
Pompeo today the Trump administration is
releasing what we're calling the Crimea
declaration one part reads as false
quote the United States calls on Russia
to respect the principles to which it
has long claimed to it here and to end
its occupation of Crimea okay so all of
that is good and then Pompeo continues
they listen we're not weak on Russia and
they keep saying we're weak on Russia
we're not the Obama administration guys
like the president may say some stuff
but him saying stuff doesn't necessarily
mean that's the stuff that's actually
implemented it's it's important senator
in comparison matters here because
there's a narrative that is developed
that somehow President Trump is weak on
Russia and it when in fact the cone
let me just room okay and then bob
menendez the the terrible senator from
new jersey he starts trying to go after
Pompeo suggesting of course that
President Trump is indeed soft on Russia
and Pompeyo just destroys him senator
I'm telling you what he had a
conversation with Vladimir Putin about
and I'm telling you what US policy is
today I understand senator I understand
the game that you're playing no no you
know mister okay all due respect I don't
appreciate you characterizing my
questions okay but I don't appreciate
the questions characterizing the Trump
administration as some sort of lacking
institution for the Russians it's just a
bunch of nonsense and just a second I'm
gonna explain why trumps slight
disconnect from his administration
actually sometimes is a good thing but
first let's talk about how you eat and I
don't mean that you're not eating
healthy I don't mean that you're not
eating good food I mean you're not
eating home cooking okay you're going
out to restaurants too much let's be
honest about this you're spending all
your money going out to restaurants and
you don't actually get the joy of
cooking with your kids so I have two
kids under five I love cooking with them
every morning I get up with them and we
make eggs together and it's a blast and
they break a couple eggs on the floor
it's a giant mess but it's a lot of fun
well you can cook with your family and
make better food and then just eggs with
our friends at blue apron blue apron is
an awesome meal delivery service okay
they have all sorts of great stuff we're
talking Honey Chipotle glazed chicken
with poblano and lime rice we're talking
about moving these meals right here
we're talking about let's see sweet
chili beef and vegetable stir-fry with
garlic rice barbecue vegetable flatbread
with Swiss cheese I mean all this stuff
is gourmet stuff and you could be making
it in your own kitchen with your kids
tonight
they provide convenience and variety
blue aprons livers fresh pre-portion
ingredients and step-by-step recipes
directly to your door they can be cooked
in under 45 minutes the menu changes
every week based on what's in season
it's designed by blue aprons in-house
culinary team blue apron offers 12 new
recipes every week customers can pick
two three or four recipes it's awesome
stuff people around the office get blue
apron and they really really enjoy it
and right now you can check out this
week's menu get your first three meals
for free at blue aprons comm slash
Shapiro that's blue apron comm slash
Shapiro to get your first three meals
for free blue apron is indeed a better
way to cook go use that promo code
Shapiro it lets them know that we sent
you okay so president Trump's policies
continue to be quite good even if his
rhetoric continues to be not so good now
all we need is for
rhetoric to actually mirror his policies
if President Trump's rhetoric mirrored
his policies he'd be in a lot better
shape right now and I say this as
somebody who wants the President of the
United States to succeed because I like
a lot of the policies his administration
is putting in place one of the one of
the problems however that I'm seeing is
and this is where the bad Trump comes in
the president's rhetoric does matter
when it comes to some of the polling
data there was a poll yesterday shows
Democrats are now plus 12 in the
Congressional generic ballot okay that
is not a good number there were two
separate polls having Democrats up 12
that means the Democrats not only take
the house there's a good shot they take
the Senate as well they're Republicans
who are now running behind in Arizona
which is insane they should not be
running behind in Arizona where there's
a very very good candidate running
martha mcsalley
now they should not be running behind in
in some of these other states they
shouldn't be running behind joe Manchin
in West Virginia the reddest state in
America by Trump vote yeah there's just
no way they should be happening Trump's
approval ratings are still where they
were but when you dig down what you see
is some trouble for president Trump
there's a poll from NBC News today in
the swing states Michigan Minnesota
Wisconsin and the poll is does Trump
deserve reelection in Michigan only 28%
of voters say Donald Trump deserves
reelection
62% of voters say he does not deserve
reelection that someone else deserves a
chance
those numbers are 30% Pro 60% con in
