Democrats run strong in Pennsylvania's
18th congressional district students
prepare to walk out all day to protest
gun violence and President Trump says
some stuff about a space force or
something I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
so today I am interested in talking
about what's happening with this student
walkout rather than awkwardly staring at
the camera for weird periods of time I'm
actually going to talk about what's
going man sometimes you just off but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Legal Zoom LegalZoom is
marking National Small Business Month
and whether you're just starting out or
you already have a business there's a
lot you can take advantage of right now
so I've known about Legal Zoom for
literally years it was one of the ways
that I would file documents yeah do
wills and trusts from the time when I
was a younger human but now Legal Zoom
has actually expanded its business
offerings go to legalzoom.com slash
startup during March and you can
download your free business startup kit
you get a ton of great information you
can find out how to maximize your
business deductibles under the new tax
laws plus you'll get great discounts or
could include special deals from Legal
Zoom along with offers from their
service partners so you can save a bunch
of money financing marketing and
operating your business Legal Zoom is
not in fact a law firm but they do know
that you need to tap into the right
resources to run a successful business
and that's why they have their business
startup kid they even have people who
are actually available to answer your
questions as well so it's not just a
list of forums you also have people who
you can consult with go to legalzoom.com
slash startup and download your free
business startup kit tonight we have a
start up here at daily wire Legal Zoom
is invaluable for other people who are
trying to do what we have done they make
it a lot cheaper it means you don't have
to work through these really expensive
law firms spend five hundred bucks an
hour just to get a contract on
legalzoom.com slash startup there is no
obligation just free business resources
and the offer is only available in March
so if you're listening after that you
can still enjoy special savings by using
code Bend when you check out at
legalzoom.com that's legalzoom.com where
life meets legal again use that special
code ban when you check out and you
enjoy special savings and it's only
available in March so we're already
nearing the middle of the month so check
it out there it's legalzoom.com and use
that promo code Ben again these folks I
mean there's a reason they've been top
in the business for for literally more
than a decade at this point check it out
Legal Zoom calm and use promo clear Ben
alright so a couple of big news stories
out the gate today so we will get to
what happened in Pennsylvania's 18th
congressional district last night
because that actually I have a lot of
notes on that but we begin today but
this massive walkout that's happening at
supposedly 2,500 schools all over
America where a bunch of kids
astroturfed by pee
who organized the women's March have
decided to walk out of school for 17
minutes to honor the victims at Parkman
it's rather the Parkland school shooting
the victims in Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland Florida and of
course what this really is is not a call
for an agenda right it's not actually a
agenda driven march rebel you actually
don't know what they want and if you
read what the women's March say they are
marching for nobody agrees with their
actual agenda I'll get to their actual
agenda in a second what it really is
about is about having a lot of pictures
of a lot of young people standing around
and saying that they hate gun violence
so that a bunch of leftist politicians
can claim they are standing with the
children in pushing for vast gun
confiscation regimes that's what this is
all about and that's essentially what
the New York Times admits in their
editorial today they say the children
should lead us which we wish I say fine
then what the children take over your
editorial board they can't do a worse
job than you have fine you just let the
kids run all your op eds and they can
decide whether they want to run op eds
on whether homework is necessary or not
it's really funny all the adults at the
New York Times we're all in their 50s
there they always talked about how
wonderful ingenious these seventeen year
olds are but I don't see them giving up
their jobs anytime soon to high school
juniors who are attending Marjory
Stoneman Douglas high school but here's
what they write in their in their
editorial they say adults are supposed
to take care of children not only keep
them safe but make them feel safe weird
I don't hear this from from the New York
Times on issues like abortion that
adults are supposed to take care of
children I don't hear about them with
regard to single motherhood that line
seems to go out the window but now of
course the adults are supposed to take
care of children according to the New
York Times not by defending kids with
guns but by letting kids decide policy
which is a weird way of protecting them
they say schools are essentially an
extension of the home in that sense
providing sanctuaries of learning of
nurturing and care but after years of
attacks by people with weapons of war
students cannot feel safe and are
demanding that adults end years of
complacent and act okay first of all it
is the these school shootings are
actually on the decline not on the
uptick statistically speaking and your
chances of being killed in a school
shooting are significantly worse than
your chances of being killed in
virtually any other sort of accidents in
the United States and these are acts of
terror really say they're not asking for
their schools to become armed Garrison's
well some would like for there to be
more armed guards you say rather they
want those weapons to be brought under
control I like how the New York Times
has a direct link into the minds of all
young people it's amazing it's like
Russo's general will they just look at
young people they magically know that
all of Chuck Schumer's proposals on guns
I have embedded themselves in the minds
of young folks but what is this smack of
its max in the New York Times basically
taking a child putting the child out
front and saying this child demands that
you do what I say you do are you going
to say no to this very cute child it's
like the Pinky and the brain episode
where they decide to take over the world
by becoming small children with big
puppy eyes rather the way to actually
become leaders is to show something
really cute well that's what the New
York Times is basically doing here
they say at Stoneman Douglas junior
Florence Garrett said at the Florida
State Capitol late last month you adults
have failed us by not creating a safer
place for your children to go to school
so we the next generation will not fail
our own kids we will make this change
happen if not today then tomorrow if not
tomorrow next year take it from us you
created a mess with us but we will make
this world safer for our children again
you know I understand that this girl
went through something absolutely
horrible but the world is significantly
safer for kids growing up today than it
has been at any time literally in human
history and if she thinks that she's
gonna be able to ram through gun control
because something bad happened to her I
have another thing coming for her she
was with Wednesday's demonstration and
there marched for our lives movement on
March 24th in Washington young voices
are being heard
how will the nation's adult respond
hopefully by amplifying their demand
never again so first of all I love the
use of the Holocaust terminology never
again to describe what are rare
instances of horrific terrorism and not
quite the same thing but as opposed to
you know like an organized government
effort to slaughter six million Jews not
quite the same thing as people who being
allowed to own guns because it is their
right to do so and then a couple of bad
people going and doing really horrific
things with those guns not quite the
same thing as the Holocaust but all
right and then they quote a bunch of
high school juniors right and we're
supposed to believe that all of these
high schoolers are the wisest and
greatest among us now again tragedy does
not confer expertise I've said this
about Jimmy Kimmel and his son just
because something bad happened to you in
your life does not make you an expert on
the underlying issue
hi Jimmy Kimmel had a surgeon perform
the surgery on his son he didn't perform
the surgery himself because he
understands that just because he was
suffering doesn't mean that expertise
goes out the window
the same holds true of gun control just
because you witnessed something awful
happen at your school does not mean you
know what you are talking about when it
comes to the best public policy to stop
such shootings but the New York Times
again they want to use these kids as as
political human shields and so here is
what this is they turn over their
editorial page to these
and then they quote them right Alfonzo
called her own junior no clue no kid
should be afraid to go to school no kid
should be afraid to walk outside and no
kid should have to worry about being
shot now that's why I'm marching ok no
kid should have to worry about leukemia
no kid should have to worry about
disease no kid should have to worry
about murder no kid should have to worry
about anything terrible that's true I
mean now that would be great
unfortunately we live in a world where
there are evil people the question is
how do you stop them we all want to stop
those evil people
okay how about Ali she he not Ally
Sheedy right how is she the children of
the senior in high school the children
you pissed off will not forget this in
the voting booth don't doubt the power
of the younger generation because we are
a force to be reckoned with yeah every
young generation says this sometimes
they are sometimes they're not but again
the idea that everybody who's young is
solidly behind a particular gun proposal
is just not true my polling emma
gonzalez is one of the people who's been
featured the most in the media and and
subsequently the media have been just
enamored of her twitter followers
because she has gotten this big twitter
bump she went from like nothing to 1.1
million because she was featured on
ellen and a bunch of other shows
so they quote her maybe the adults have
gotten used to saying it is what it is
but if US students have learned anything
if well first of all if we students have
learned anything emma right if you maybe
should learn some grammar but if US
students have learned anything it's that
if you don't study you will fail you
should study grammar or you'll fail and
in this case if you actively do nothing
people continually continually end up
dead so it's time to start doing
something we are going to be the kids
you read about in textbooks not because
we're gonna be another statistic about
mastery in america but because we're
going to be the last mass shooting i
fervently wish that this were true I
fervently hope that this is true but
just because we all want to stop mass
shootings doesn't mean I agree with them
a Gonzalez's prescription I mean all of
this is basically Bernie Sanders style
politics I've ripped on Bernie Sanders's
Twitter account for a long time because
Bernie Sanders his Twitter account is
largely Bernie Sanders just saying
things like there are rich people and
poor people the would should not be like
this is it well okay fine but you can do
about it and this is the same thing it's
there shouldn't be shootings of children
yes we all agree now your proposal
please I mean Jacqueline Corrine junior
high school shouldn't be hashtags every
other day Jose Iglesias senior more
prayer Jesus God and compassion won't
bring back the victims that sadly lost
their lives I'm not sure anyone was
making the contention that more God was
going to bring back children who died it
won't bring back the sense of security
that my fellow peers and I lost the only
way to
get that back is through gun control
starting now weird because there is
significant gun control all over Chicago
and people don't feel particularly
secure hey gun control doesn't make
people feel secure lack of being shot
makes people feel secure the only reason
that you would embrace gun control over
for example more armed security guards
is for political reasons so make an
argument I love this madison leo the
children will become leaders as the
leaders have become children I don't
even know what that means again and
again it's it's it's always selective so
the New York Times did turn over one of
the one of the editorials on their
editorial page to a sophomore at
Randolph high school a junior at Toms
River North High School and a senior at
Marlborough High School all new jersey
again this is just political human
shield stuff right they're going to
bring out a bunch of young kids and then
suggest these kids know something better
because they are kids which is weird and
they right we are generation Zetas in
the New York Times the generation after
Millennials we outnumber them by nearly
1 million and maybe the largest cohort
of future American spenders since the
baby boomers we have more than 30
billion in spending power and wield
enormous influence and family spending
our spending power will only increase as
we begin to earn our own wages we will
flex our muscles at the ballot box too
many high school seniors will cast their
first ballots this November and in 2020
a majority of today's high school
students will most likely be able to
vote in their first presidential
election let us remind politicians like
Donald Trump Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell
who accept donations from the NRA and
oppose efforts to restrict gun purchases
that we are the future leaders and
voters of this country
well I'm sure that some of you are and
some of you or not I mean there are lots
of people who vote there are lots people
they don't vote there lots of people who
lead there are lots of people who don't
there are lots of people who are young
who will join the NRA there are lots of
people who won't let us remind
corporations like FedEx that provide
discounts to NRA members and we are
their future customers again this is not
an argument this is a moral appeal right
it's an emotional appeal now the reason
that I'm reading all of this from the
New York Times is to demonstrate that
they're rather selective in the folks
that they choose to feature because
there are a lot of young listeners to
venture pyroshow there a lot of young
people who listen to the show something
like 70 to 75% of our audience is under
the age of 35 with a very
disproportionately young audience of
which we're very proud and we have tons
and tons of high schoolers who listen to
this show and I've been getting
overwhelmingly one message from my
emailers over the last two weeks and
they I mean this I'm talking about
scores of emails I'm talking about
probably more than a hundred emails from
high schoolers over the last week
alone and today many many more after I
wrote this piece Corner saying that they
are that they are upset with the media
coverage of this mass walkout and asking
for advice on how to deal with it I've
gotten lots and lots of emails from from
these folks so here are some of the
emails and I want to read the emails
from some of these students who are not
going to be featured in the New York
Times I want to read some of the emails
from these students who are not going to
be shown on network news tonight
I'll read the emails from some of the
students who are going to be ignored and
castigated and told that they are worse
that they are worse human beings because
they disagree with gun control I want to
give them a voice because the media the
rest of media certainly are not giving
these kids a voice and I am speaking
with these kids I promise you far more
often than the Editorial Board of the
New York Times as the editorial the New
York Times hasn't talked to a person
under the age of 40 except for like this
last couple days in years I'm talking to
people under the age of 20 every single
day because I want to read some of the
things that they've been sending to me
and let them speak okay so I'm gonna
turn over my show to them in just one
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at wonder ease new
show
this is war okay so there's a new
podcast out there from Wonder a podcast
network it's called this is Wharton into
sharing the personal stories from brave
men and women who serve in our armed
forces these are first-hand accounts of
what it's like to fight and survive
combat in Afghanistan in Iraq what it's
like to protect our freedom the bonds
that are formed psychological toll it
takes on people to fight and what it is
like to return home trying to figure out
how you fit in and how you heal the
physical and emotional wounds from time
in combat it's really moving moving
podcast it is a deeply effective and
necessary podcast in the first episode
we meet a guy named Ian Mirren's and a
month before his senior year in high
school he joined the Marines and he
signed up for the military and that was
August of 2001 how we see a life changed
very much the next month so if you want
to hear his story go over to this is war
on Apple podcast wherever you're
listening to this podcast this is war
vailable check out this is war hit the
subscribe button or visit one dorito FM
slash man that's wonder with Y dot F M
slash been subscribe listen it's really
worth your time and again it'll give you
just a greater appreciation for what it
is that these that that our heroes do on
a daily basis check it out wonder is
this is war podcast totally worth the
subscribe alrighty so now I want to read
some the emails that I've been getting
from high schoolers all over the country
who are deeply upset and and deeply
angry that there are so many
people who are castigating them as bad
people because they disagree I mean I'm
looking at just in the last hour in the
last hour I've received 15 separate
emails in one hour before the show from
various high school students who are
asking about what they should do during
these walk outs because they're
frustrated and they're upset they feel
like they're being ignored here's a high
school junior today quote honestly it's
like the women's March there's no single
consolidated argument just a loose
collection of rants that obscure the
main point from a sixteen-year-old high
school girl quote I was planning on not
participating in the walkout I do not
see the point in leaving class to simply
walk outside stand and talk with peers
for 17 minutes and return to class the
act of walking out of class to protest
school violence does not seem to have a
