a good part of my sanity rests on the
belief that there is a just God and if
there was a just God there's an
afterlife welcome to the sunday special
with Dennis Prager who's stopping by
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at zip recruiter so hiring
is challenging there's one place you can
go we're hiring is simple fast and smart
it's a place where growing businesses
connect to qualified candidates and that
place is zip recruiters comm slash been
guests because I have a guest
zip recruiter sends your job to over 100
of the web's leading job boards they
don't stop there
have powerful matching technology and
zip recruiter scans thousands of resumes
to find people with the right experience
and invites them to apply to your job
and then as the applications come in zip
recruiter analyzes each one spots lights
the top candidates he never missed a
great match the procurer is really
effective so effective that 80% of
employers who post on zip recruiter at a
quality candidate through the site
within the first day and with results
like that it is no wonder zip recruiter
is the highest rating higher in site in
the United States right now my listeners
can try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web address zip recruiter comm
slash been guest go try it for free we
use it here at the daily wire offices if
the char doesn't go well today we'll be
using it again to replace employees it's
just that simple
zip recruit calm slash been guest be e
and gue est zip recruiter comm slash
been guest zip recruiter is the smartest
way to hire Dennis Prager welcome to the
Ben Shapiro Sunday special thanks for
coming by
it's just great to be here I'm really
excited to talk Bible with you because
we have to bring some holiness back to
the set last week we had Sam Harris and
his blasphemy on the set so now we get
to have video to do exactly Dennis
Prager and his godly views on the said
today Dennis obviously if you haven't
been watching the news you haven't
followed the Amazon charts as the author
of the bestseller the rationale Bible
the book of Exodus so he's gonna do all
five volumes of the of the Old Testament
the books of Moses and he's done Exodus
it was a huge bestseller sold tens of
thousands of copies as number one in the
nonfiction list on amazon.com which has
to be really gratifying since you've
written a bunch of best-selling books
but this one is actually a Bible
commentary so let's start from beginning
what actually made you think hey I'll
write a Bible commentary and then just
release that out into the world well the
interesting among the interesting things
is and it's great to be with you been
among the interesting things is that
of all the books I wrote this is the one
I least expected to be a best-seller
this was written 100% out of idealism
they're all idealistic books but but
there was a hope and in some of them
were bestsellers but this has been the
best-selling book I ever wrote and it's
the last one I expect that I wrote a
book on happiness on American values I
mean some good stuff but what whatever
credit I get I think 50% of the reason
is that there is a thirst for exactly
that namely I want I'd like to actually
know what the Bible has to say I want it
to be rational which is my entire
approach and there's a thirst that look
this is the most biblically illiterate
generation in American history as you
know as well as anyone the average
American home throughout American
history if it had one book it had the
Bible they read it to their kids every
night this was the source of wisdom what
is i√≠ve asked callers on 33 years of
radio said I'd like to know if it's not
the Bible just name a book that is the
source of wisdom for you and it's
fascinating you know what people say if
they don't have this uh life experience
let me go
yeah but then everybody has to reinvent
the wheel do you mean there's nothing
that precedes you that had more wisdom
than maybe you do anyway I know it's the
wisest book I am convinced of it and
making it rational verse by verse it's
been my life's task I know the Hebrew
real well I don't as you do and you know
it you grit there are wonderful
commentaries that don't by people who
don't know Hebrew but I think to really
do it right you have to know the Hebrew
so let's let's start from the very
beginning of the the basis for the
rationale Bible because I think that you
can make a really solid argument that
the ethics that the Bible promotes the
ethical monotheism that you promote this
is based on on a certain level of human
rationality in a little while I want to
talk about human rationality versus
God's rationality will do the rib for a
problem which stands above which but
let's start with the basis of Revelation
so when you say that the Bible is
rational do you mean that Revelation
itself can be rationalized that it is
rational that a voice came down from the
top of a mountain and then
to give a bunch of laws to a do to his
staff so you got to go step by step is
it rational to believe that there's a
creator I think as the late Charles
Krauthammer said when I asked him I cuz
I never asked him about politics I
figured everybody could hear him on
politics but so I asked him about other
things and I asked him he was in he was
a totally secular man so said what do
you think of atheism and I thought he'd
said well and maybe so I I don't know he
said he said that's the most foolish of
all possible possibilities said it's
absurd I mean he was he dumped on
atheism more than I have so to me that
there's a creator is purely rational so
then the that's purely rational this
didn't come out by itself this world
this universe
you mean buck it just didn't happen by
chance
okay then any point of faith or is there
a rational no no that's purely rational
I'll tell you where faith comes in that
God is good there's so much bad in the
world
that I admit there's a leap of faith to
believing that the Creator is good it's
no leap of faith to a creator I believe
there's a leap of faith to God is good
but once you've made that leap that God
is good which I think is somewhat
rational after all why would a bad
creator make it make a person capable of
being good it's a bizarre sort of
situation so if the Creator cares how we
live then the Creator will give us
guidelines those guidelines are in the
Bible that's how I look at it okay so
let's define good so when you say that
God is good what do you mean by God is
good because obviously you don't mean
God is good by human moral standards
because then that would put us that is
the rip throw a problem right that puts
us above God is God living up to our
standards and if so why do we need God
morality because there's a mixture of
God's standards and our standards
otherwise we can't understand anything
if it's purely divine then we can't
understand it when Abraham the first
monotheists the first Jew argues with
God which by the way is one of the
reasons I'm in love with these first
five books what what is called the Torah
I mean I and I mean it I'm in love with
those books ever since I was a kid and
I'm not the most traditional guy but
that I fell in love with and I love the
idea that you can argue with God I tell
I tell Chris
all the time that's largely another huge
Christian audience and I am a Jew and I
am I explain
don't forget Israel God's people has a
meaning it means argue with or struggle
with God and a lot of Christians forgot
that and a lot and you know and
secularists don't even know that there's
something beautiful about that let me
can I consider a quick anecdote a Muslim
woman called my radio show many years
ago when I was just on in LA and she
said Dennis I know you we could ask you
anything I said that's right well I'm a
Muslim woman and I'd like to know why
aren't you a Muslim and I was right old
her I want you to know I am complimented
by the fact that you would even ask it
means you think I've given this theory a
serious thought and I have so I said to
her here's my answer
Islam in Arabic means submit to God
Israel in Hebrew means struggle with God
I rather struggle with God
than submit to God there was a moment of
silence and she said good answer and
hung up she knew as a Muslim I was right
that is a huge difference so that so the
fact that we can argue with God means
that we can perceive God's morality so
when I say God is good it is both in his
terms
am i believe our terms so when it comes
to that standard of good there there are
two main sources in Western civilization
for the standard of good one is the
Bible did you do Christian tradition and
the other is this idea of natural law
these see reflected a lot in the
founding philosophy it's it's reflected
as well in into mystic thought this idea
that you can look at the universe and
you can discern from the universe that
there are certain things that are true
and certain things that are false so for
example you're an advocate for
traditional marriage and the natural law
of view of marriage would be exactly
this that God created man and woman to
be together and the proof of this that
they are capable of producing children
so what when we're trying to discern the
good do we need revelation or natural
all alone suffice and or are they
mirrors of one another or is natural law
itself irrelevant so there are two
questions there
do we need God pregnant
eclis do we need God philosophically
you're asking philosophically I'm more
concerned with the pragmatic because
that's how we live right we we practice
we live but I look clearly if we needed
revelation from the beginning God would
have revealed the Torah as it were or
the Ten Commandments to Adam and Eve so
clearly God believes it's possible to be
good without his direct revelation
otherwise it's not fair to have blamed
came for killing Abel right Cain could
have said hey hello you didn't give me
any rules what the hell am I supposed to
know but he didn't say that so yes
there's clearly an embedded conscience I
do believe that the problem is it
doesn't work well and so I always say
the Ten Commandments are God's third
attempt at trying to start trying to get
us to be good people and and and
choosing a people to be to embody
holiness and goodness which was the what
is known is Israelite and then
ultimately doing so that's that's that
then there's the pragmatic question
that's the more the one I strike and not
struggle with but that's the one I
advocate more I begin my introduction
which and enough itself is a booklet
because I introduction is very important
what I'm trying to do and whom are
trying to appeal to and I begin with a
very revealing part of my own life
like many people in my late teens and
early 20s and even early teens I had
difficulties with my parents what what
else is new right but I always honored
them always from the day I left my
parents home at 21 till they died my
father at 96 my mother at 89 I called
them every single week I it didn't
matter where I was on earth and the
reason was one because I believe God
instructed me honor your father and
mother and when I tell people who say oh
I don't need God to be good really then
how come so many adult kids who are
angry at their parents don't don't call
them every week believe me we can all
use a commander in heaven to tell us
what to do so when it comes to that
back to the philosophical question for
one second so to play skeptic since
you're rational Bible guy so what took
God so long why'd he need three attempts
why does he wait until the the
revelation at Sinai great question and I
I have dealt with that in my in my mind
my whole life to show us why it was
necessary that's why to show us hey
hello conscience alone doesn't work look
at how bad man got because otherwise if
if God had given the Ten Commandments
the the Bible the Torah or whatever in
the beginning was who needs it
conscience would be enough but
conscience failed and we ended up with
the world of Noah which God destroyed
and by the way I defend Noah that
Genesis is coming up I do defend God God
wants us to be good and if everybody's
bad he's gonna start again
I haven't debate with my wife you're
gonna love this my wife thinks he
shouldn't have saved Noah my wife thinks
the world is so screwed up that it was
very dark she is as light as the Sun in
personality but a herd view of Linda
call that one I know you would exactly
so so with all of that said I you know
to her for a lot of folks who read the
Bible they don't know a lot about the
Bible and maybe their first experience
with reading the Bible is gonna be
reading your book when you read the text
of the Bible there's a lot in there that
unquestionably is brutal and that seems
to our modern sensibilities just bizarre
it's it seemed the Bible contemplating
witchcraft for example or the Bible or
the Bible endorsing quasi slavery this
is an argument that Sam Harris gave me
last week as he was saying well you know
this book this book you could do better
than this book today like if you just
remove certain sections from this book
and they would automatically make it
better so what's all this stuff in the
Bible about all right first of all since
the by first volume is about Exodus I
have an enormous amount on the slavery
issue right the first thing to be said
is there's very little slavery what it
what is what what the laws are about is
essentially a bonded indenture which by
the way is the way so many people came
to America people don't know that but a
vast number of the white people who came
to the United States came as indentured
servants they've got no pay they started
out
life working for somebody for no pay
which you can call a slave if you wish
but they didn't and by the way as I know
you know the word and Hebrew for slave
is also the word for servant it's an and
I wish I wish there had been a
distinction in Hebrew because Moses is
called and an airbed of God that's the
word and and is Moses a slave of God
nobody assumes that so it's not at all
always slave it is but if you look at
although first you cannot return an
escaped slave that's a law in the taurah
a law there in exodus you if something
that was immediately a statement of hey
you mistreat your slave and they escaped
you're not getting your slave back you
kill your slave you get killed i mean
your slave has to has to have a day off
with you on the sabbath every week I
mean this is major stuff why didn't it
just say no slavery because it wants the
world to be better it's not the Torah is
not preoccupied and I'm using the word
Torah cuz this is about the vows five
books about it but my commentary is for
people of every faith in no faith but if
there is a realization that you can't
ban all bad immediately maybe the Torah
wanted us to be vegetarian so a hundred
years from now and I think most people
will be vegetarian people will sit like
a Sam Harris and say well why don't it
ban meat-eating
instead it humanized meat-eating it
moralized it that's what it did to
whatever slavery it had it humanized it
because you can make the world better
much more so through evolution than
revolution okay so in just a second I
want to ask you about the religious
objections to applying rationality to
the Bible because so far we've dealt
with sort of the rationalist objections
to the Bible itself and then I want to
come at it from the right as opposed to
from the left but first let's talk about
your death because it's gonna happen 71%
of people say they need life insurance
only 59% have coverage which means at
least 12% of people are procrastinating
the truth is you all need life insurance
cuz y'all gonna die sorry to break it to
you and that means you don't have as
much time as you think you do
procrastinating is normally a bad thing
but if you've been avoiding getting life
insurance procrastinating may actually
have worked in your favor because while
you're putting it off policy genius was
making it easy policy genius is the easy
to compare life insurance online you can
compare quotes in just five minutes when
it's that easy
putting it off becomes a lot harder you
can compare quotes while sitting on the
couch watching TV you can compare quotes
while listening to this podcast just go
try it policy genius has helped over 4
million people shop for insurance it's
placed over 20 billion dollars in
coverage and they don't just make life
insurance easy they also compare
disability insurance and renter's
insurance and health insurance so if you
care about it they can cover it if you
need life insurance you've been putting
it off because it's too confusing or you
don't have the time checkout policy
genius the easy way to compare top
insurers and find the best value for you
no sales pressure zero hassle it's free
policy genius com when it's this easy to
compare life insurance there's no reason
to put it off go check it out a policy
genius com okay so by the way I just
want to add on your behalf that I tell
my listeners that life insurance is a
moral obligation well that's perfect so
policy genius life insurance is a moral
obligation Dennis Prager said so you can
take it to the bank so let's talk about
the the sort of skepticism of applying
reason to the Bible from the right so so
far we've talked about you know people
on sort of the secular left or just
secularism in general who would be
skeptical about the Bible itself there
are a lot of folks in the religious
community of the play the community I
grew up in the community you grew up in
who would say that attempts to apply
rationality to the Mitzvah to the the
commandments of the Torah is actually
counterproductive because now you're
placing man above God and what you are
doing is infusing a need you're implying
that God needs man in a way that that is
not true that God gives a certain level
of commandment and now we're trying to
reason around it but as soon as we start
using our reason reason also is is a
universal acid to a certain extent you
can reason your way to anything so if
you start off with a commandment here
and you say okay well take for example
slavery and we say okay well we've
reasoned our way to slavery is bad using
the beginning point of the of the Bible
why couldn't we reason our way to
something else why couldn't we reason
our way to slavery is universally good
based on the Bible because reason
doesn't have a lot of limits to it so
what rules of Reason ought we apply that
will prevent the destruction of the
rules themselves so if you think that
the mitzvot are important if you think
the commandments are important then
either you know which ones don't well
let me explain on a personal note my
vehicle to God is his reason I don't
have a great
bond with God - I wish I did I don't my
vehicle to God is reason my vehicle to
faith is reason my vehicle through
religious life is reason so I can't I
