President Trump says a lot of stuff
about Puerto Rico gets him in trouble
plus craziness over at Google and John
Kerry carrying out collusion with the
Iranians we'll get to all of it I'm Ben
Shapiro this is ben shapiro show
[Music]
one of the features behind the scenes of
the show that you never see is that
every morning Alex one of our producers
picks out a great clip from a movie to
cheer me up before the show and today he
picked out some Shakespeare and so we
were watching a little bit of Henry the
fifth and then I looked at today's news
and I went oh god and we'll get to all
of today's news because yeah yeah
everything's stupid as per our usual
arrangement everything is quite stupid
first let's talk about gold let's talk
about the fact that we have a twenty one
trillion dollar national debt money we
owe other countries as well as our own
Treasury it's greater than the entire
economic output of the United States if
your entire life savings is tied to the
US dollar you should ask yourself what
happens if the government decides to
inflate its way out of all of this debt
well you can hedge against inflation and
uncertainty and instability with
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against uncertainty my savings plan is
diversified and yours should be -
doesn't mean put all your money in gold
means put a little bit of your money in
precious metals the company I'd trust
with precious metal purchases Birch gold
group and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move that IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold or silver
which is perfect for people who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty look back historically when
bottom falls out of everything else gold
is always worth something Birch gold
group has thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau so
what's your plan you all know about
Birch gold free information kit but for
a limited time qualified purchases can
earn up to an additional 10 grand in
precious metals for free through
September 30th to find out if your
purchase will qualify contact Birch gold
right now go to birchgold.com slash Bend
speak to a Birch gold representative
mentioned I sent you that's
birchgold.com slash been do it now the
offer only runs until September 30th
terms limitations apply ask your sales
representative for details all right so
we begin today with the President of the
United States who has great economic
news who's facing down a hurricane that
is going to make landfall very shortly
who is in the midst of what could be a
decent news cycle plus a crisis that
requires some presidential leadership
so naturally the president took to
Twitter to tweet about hurricane Maria
which happened like a year and a half
ago because that's what we do around
here we just do stupid crap like on a
routine basis that's pretty much all we
do so the media have decided to cover
anew the death toll from Puerto Rico and
this is happening obviously in the
run-up to Hurricane Florence which is
set to make landfall in the next 48
hours or so
and the President of the United States
is very angry watching the media cover
the death toll from Hurricane Maria
which was of course the major hurricane
that hit Puerto Rico about a year and a
half ago and the media been covering
particularly the Puerto Rican
government's revised death toll which
now stands at two thousand nine hundred
and seventy five now you remember
originally the stated death toll was
something like six to 18 and everybody
said well that's way too low that's not
real and then it turns out that it kept
being revised upward and upward and
upward well president Trump decided that
he needed to tweet about that and this
is just a foolish move on every level
first of all if you want to discuss the
level of the disaster response discuss
the level of the disaster response if
you want to talk about the vagary of the
numbers of estimated dead there's a way
to do that too
the way to do that is not to suggest
that only six people died in the
hurricane because six people clearly did
not die in the hurricane it was a lot
more people than that and there's an
enormous amount of variation in the
estimates for death from hurricane it
shall explain in just a second but here
is what President Trump tweeted this
morning obviously eating the news cycle
all day even though we now have great
economic news even though again the
president's leadership is necessary with
regard to the response to Hurricane
Florence the president decides it is
deeply necessary to jump into a
conspiracy theory by which the media
have promulgated a statistic that is
outright false here's what the president
says quote 3,000 people did not die in
the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico
when I left the island after the storm
it hit they had anywhere from 6 to 18
deaths as time went by it did not go up
by much then a long time later they
started to report really large numbers
like 3,000 this was done by the
Democrats in order to make me look as
bad as possible when I was successfully
raising billions of dollars to help
rebuild barbarika if a person died for
any reason like oh the age just add the
man to the list
bad politics I love Puerto Rico
exclamation point
well one way to show you don't love
Porto Rico is by suggesting only six
people by that's probably not a very
good idea and while the president is not
wrong to show that to suggest that there
is vagary to the statistics he's
certainly wrong to suggest that only 20
people died or that the count of dead
basically stopped the minute that he
left Puerto Rico now let's get into the
actual statistics with regard to the
number of people who died in poor
Rico first the president yesterday was
bragging about Puerto Rico saying that
that Puerto Rico was a tremendous
success by the federal government I mean
this is always a mistake it's always a
mistake when the federal government
proclaims how well they've done on a
project like this George W Bush of
course famously said that his head of
FEMA Ron Brown had done a heck of a job
and that basically finished his
presidency in 2006 after Hurricane
Katrina I mean who's basically a lame
duck from there on in it was a horrible
move President Trump just a couple of
days ago praised his successes in Puerto
Rico and that of course generated this
whole new round of headlines Puerto Rico
was actually our toughest one of all
because it's an island so you didn't you
can't truck things onto it everything's
by boat we moved to hospital in to
Puerto Rico a tremendous military
hospital in the form of a ship you know
that and I actually think it was one of
the best jobs that's ever been done with
respect to what this is all about
I think the Puerto Rico was an
incredible unsung success okay so just
fantastic stuff you know he says that in
the San Juan mayor who is responsible by
the way for an enormous amount of
catastrophic suffering in Puerto Rico
the Puerto Rican government is
responsible for the vast majority of
suffering on the island of Puerto Rico
although the federal government may have
botched the response they did not botch
it to the extent that the Puerto Rican
government botched it there's no
question about this for example here's
some video showing water sitting on an
abandoned tarmac and people are dying of
dehydration in Puerto Rico people can't
find potable water anywhere CNN covered
this yesterday literally millions and
millions something like 40 million
bottles of water sitting on an abandoned
tarmac 38 million bottles of water or 10
for every resident of Puerto Rico or so
just sitting there baking in the Sun
apparently it's the FEMA started
delivering to that airstrip back in the
fall October or November or so they
didn't start distributing it until May
and then some residents complained of a
foul odor and taste
okay so just spectacular job by
everybody involved including the local
government the San Juan mayor of course
trying to shift the blame in the same
way that the mayor of New Orleans Ray
Nagin tried to shift the blame to the
federal government and the governor of
Louisiana who I believe is Kathleen
Blanco at the time tried to shift all
the responsibility the federal
government's are
Catrina now the Puerto Rican government
is attempting to do the same to the feds
it's pretty obvious however that the
local government really botched this one
here's what the San Juan mayor had to
say of course blasting President Trump
well I think the president statement is
despicable
it just goes to the lack of
understanding of reality that he has if
he thinks that the death of 3,000 people
is the best he really doesn't know what
this was all about this was never about
politics he's talking about on song
phrase well you know nobody's singing
his praises so I really don't know where
the president gets the nerve to call
this a success story
okay so everybody does have an interest
in shifting the blame however the way to
fight this is by suggesting that the
federal government did its job the local
government did not do its job which i
think is actually a pretty fair argument
from the evidence that is on the table
instead for the president to start
tweeting out about how 3,000 people are
not actually dead like what happened to
them were they raptured and what
happened out were they just really just
sort of they're up and walking around
but we sort of yet just didn't count
them correctly here's the problem when
you're trying to come up with a death
estimate from a hurricane there are two
major issues one is that there are a lot
of people who whose bodies are just
missing like you don't actually know
where they are because of the hurricane
because of natural disasters this is
true in every natural disaster and to
it's difficult to actually attribute a
death to the hurricane let's say that
for example there's a hospital and the
hospital's power is knocked out by the
hurricane and they're a bunch of sick
people in the hospital and a bunch of
those sick people died did those people
die because they were going to die
anyway or did they die because the
hurricane knocked out the power and then
the government didn't do its job in
restoring the power so if they don't get
potable water for example if there are
38 million bottles of water sitting on
an abandoned tarmac in Puerto Rico and
that water doesn't get to people and
people die of dehydration three months
after the event is that due to the is
that due to the hurricane or is that due
to government malfeasance how do you
actually chalk up these statistics and
this isn't just me saying this in some
sort of a defense of the president these
sort of uncertainties do exist in
estimates with or without regard to what
the hurricane is so for example
Hurricane Katrina in 2015 Carl B Alec of
538 pointed out quote we still don't
know how many people died because of
Katrina here's what he wrote he said by
its own admission Bowie Louisiana never
finished counting the dead its last news
release on the
topic from February 2006 put the
statewide toll at 1103 three months
later it added hundreds of state
residents who died in other states 30
months after that in August 2006
Louisiana counted one thousand four
hundred sixty four victims with a
hundred and thirty five people still
missing today in 2015 when asked about
the Louisiana death total the Health
Department cites a 2008 study that
reviewed death certificates and
concluded there were nine hundred eighty
six victims but that study said the
total could actually be fifty percent
higher if deaths possibly linked to the
storm are included this is one of the
major questions do you just include
direct deaths meaning somebody was swept
up in the hurricane and died or
somebody's house blew over and they were
crushed or did you include indirect
deaths like the dehydration case again
this from 538 direct deaths are those
that occur from drowning or an injury
sustained during a storm or post storm
flooding while indirect deaths occur
from some other cause that might be
linked to the storm such as an inability
to access medical care to treat an
illness after Katrina government
counters in Louisiana chose to include
indirect deaths based on an arbitrary
cutoff people who are evacuated from New
Orleans and died after October 1st were
not included while those who died before
were the authors of the 2008 study that
counted 986 Louisiana deaths took a
different approach counting only deaths
that could be directly attributed to the
storm so it is not clear at all how many
people even died in Hurricane Katrina so
now fast forward to to Hurricane Maria
and president Trump back in May of this
year he started trotting out these
statistics that are clearly not true he
said 16 people very died in Hurricane
Maria he's at 16 people certified 16
people versus in the thousands you can
be very proud of all your people all of
our people working together 16 versus
literally thousands of people but in
reality thousands of people died in
Hurricane Maria hey it's only a question
as to how many thousands of people died
here is governor Ricardo Rosello back a
few months ago they announced that they
had increased the death toll to near
3,000 and there's another study that
suggested the death toll is actually
near 5,000 here is the governor on CNN
being grilled over the statistics the
way it's it's taken care when he got to
64
it was those related to the storm
immediately after the storm once we
realized that that was a faulty protocol
we called upon the market institute
George
Chintan so that they can revise it and
do it properly and do it scientifically
so it's taken time yeah no doubt about
it but the number is Eagle on your
website I mean he sure that all of the
data I'm sorry to interrupt but just to
be clear you're saying that that number
on your website the official death toll
is not accurate well we've never
expected that it was accurate that's why
we always said that it was gonna be
higher and that we gave the task to
George Washington University so that
they can study it and that they could
arrive at a number so I'm gonna explain
how they came up with this statistic and
why President Trump is wrong despite all
the vagary of this and why it's
politically in apps for him to approach
this issue at all frankly but first
let's talk about your sleep quality so
when we talk about sleep you talk you
think about a lot of things you think
about you know the quality of the light
in your room you may think about the
quality of your mattress which is
certainly something we're thinking about
but you should really be thinking as
well about your sheets are your sheets
actually comfortable I know you don't
think about your sheets very much you
just got a cheap pair down at the local
retail outlet and even sleeping on those
you like oh they're probably fine
they're not fine they're probably
garbage instead you should be sleeping
on bull and branch sheets because
everything bull and branch makes from
bedding to blankets is made from pure
100% organic cotton which means these
sheets start out supersoft they get even
softer over time and you can buy
directly from bull and branch so you're
essentially paying wholesale prices
luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand
dollars in the store bull and branches
are only a couple hundred bucks and
before you say that sounds expensive
it isn't considering that you're
sleeping on them every night and they're
so comfortable that actually got rid of
all the other sheets in my house once we
started using ball and branch it's
difficult for me to sleep on sheets of
lower quality now so bull and branch has
indeed spoiled my sleep quality on
nights when I'm sleeping not in bowling
branch bow and branch sheets are just
that good
everybody whom trot loves bull and
branch sheets everybody who tries them
loves them which is why they have
thousands of five-star reviews even
three u.s. presidents sleep I'm pulling
bran sheets shipping is free and you can
try them for free for 30 nights meaning
if you don't love them send them back
for a refund so there's really nothing
to lose I doubt you're gonna want to
send them back there's no risk no reason
not to give them a try to get you
started right now my listeners get 50
bucks off your first set of sheets they
go from 200 150 at bow and branch calm
promo code Ben that's bull and branch
calm today for 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets Bo LLM branch comm promo
code Ben use that promo code Ben's let
them know that I sent you and also so
that you can get that special deal so
how exactly did they come up with this
3,000 number
well as you heard ricardo rosado who's
the Governor of Puerto Rico he basically
outsourced the study to George
Washington University and what they did
is they compared excess deaths over the
normal death rate at this particular
time of year they said quote our excess
mortality study analyzed past mortality
patterns mortality registration and
population census data from 2010 to 2017
in order to predict the expected
mortality if Hurricane Maria had not
occurred that's the predicted mortality
and compared that to the actual deaths
that did occur which were the observed
mortality now the problem there is that
maybe it was a year when there are going
to be an inordinate number of deaths
anyway we don't actually have the names
of the people so can you count somebody
is dead if you never find their name out
of these people who existed or did not
exist this is why there's inherent
vagary and that's why the numbers really
swing pretty wildly here there was a
study that came out last year not from
George Washington that put the range of
estimates anywhere from 900 people dead
to 8,000 people dead was from Harvard as
huge range and people said that's an
insane range how are we even supposed to
take that seriously the George
Washington University study estimated
total excess mortality at two thousand
nine hundred seventy five the Puerto
Rican government adopted that number
this year the Puerto Rican government
had already increased its body count to
nearly 1500 in early September
estimating deaths in the four months
after the storm but Lynn Goldman who's
the Dean of the university's Milken
Institute of Public Health admitted
quote among all the deaths that occurred
which were them were related to Maria
which of them would not have occurred if
it hadn't been for the storm were not
able to say that now so there is
vagueness there are a bunch of different
estimates the New York Times estimated a
thousand deaths occurred after Maria the
the medical journal JAMA the Journal of
