the Muller investigation heats up again
Omarosa promises shocking tapes and
Democrats prepare for election 2018 i'm
ben shapiro this is the venture Piro
show oh so many things to get you today
all of them irritating and foolish don't
worry we'll get through it together but
first I want to remind you that you are
not the average investor sation invest
like the average investor you should be
attempting to outsmart average you
should be attempting to do better than
the average investor and that is why you
need betterment betterment is the better
way the smarter way to manage your money
it's an investment tool for those who
refuse to settle for average investing
it's cutting-edge technology combined
with human expertise it's technology
that is designed to give you more from
your investments unlimited expert advice
designed to help you make smart
financial decisions tax efficient
investing strategies that give you an
edge low transparent fees constant
access to information and tools that
allow you to track progress toward your
goals so you can always feel like a
smart savvy investor it's basically an
online financial adviser you know I'm
somebody who uses a financial advisor
because I don't have time to keep track
of my own money I'm not the person who's
gonna being sifting through all the
stock reports what you need is somebody
to help you do that
and that is where betterment comes in
betterment gives you technology that
allows you the transparency to see where
your money is it allows you all this
information it allows you up to date
information that's available to you all
the time and low transparent fees it's
not like you're getting charged on a per
trade basis for example betterment you
have to outsmart average and the best
way to do that is by signing up today
and getting up to one year managed for
free go check it out right now at
betterment comm slash Shapiro that's
better mint.com slash Shapiro again be
et te RM ent betterment comm slash
capiro use that slash appear to let them
know he sent you plus you can get up to
one year manage for free so go check it
out right now get investing get smart
with your cash outsmart average
betterment comm slash of Shapiro okay so
I'm a Rosa so uhm Rosa has long been
known as one of the most solid citizens
in our country right she's long been
known as a person that you would trust
with your life if you were suicidal
she's long been known as somebody who
you would certainly believe where she to
make any and every claim at least that's
how the media are treating her these
days in the media that hated Omarosa up
until let's see 37 seconds ago now they
think that she has
tons of credibility to speak about who
president trumpets the lady who on tape
two years ago was saying everyone would
be forced to bow before President Trump
that is not a paraphrase that is a
direct quote he said the people would be
forced to kneel before Zod
right that lady now is saying that she
is sorry she was ever part of these odd
regime and she feels quite terrible that
she flew with Zod out of the for bit of
the out of the mirror Forbidden Zone and
now she is she is very sorry and wishes
abjectly Lee to beg apology of you and
to remind you the President Trump is in
fact a vicious and brutal racist so she
says that she has all sorts of Trump
tapes and she now says that there is a a
production staff member on the
apprentice who wants to drop tapes of
President Trump using the n-word now if
this sounds like deja vu that's because
it is we had this exact discussion back
in 2016 there were rumors that there
were tapes from the set of The
Apprentice where Donald Trump was using
the n-word and none of those ever came
forth there's a lot of talk about
whether Mark Burnett who's the producer
of The Apprentice was hiding those tapes
or whether he was just friends with
Trump and didn't want those tapes to get
out well now Omarosa is resurfacing
those rumors and she says that there is
indeed a staff member who wants to wait
till October to drop those tapes if
those tapes were to drop it obviously
would be a major problem for the
president not because I think his base
of support would dissipate I think
people who are loyal to Trump are loyal
to Trump through thick and thin but
because all of the stuff that people
have said is racially charged would
suddenly look very different if the
president habitually uses the advert
right the president habitually uses
racist slurs then all the stuff that
feels racially charged or racially
tinged suddenly shifts over into the
category of probably racist but is that
tape out there well there's no evidence
that tape actually is out there
nonetheless Omarosa is pushing this and
Chris Matthews around hi Bob very eager
to hear about it yup in the morning tell
me they show Ron in here
talk about racism Omarosa I hate but now
I love her because she's saying bad
stuff about Trump Chris Matthews I'm a
rough cow I believe that they're using
it for politically motivated
things in fact they may be for November
before November and they saw it on it
took it on themselves to actually
document this so that they could
actually expose him for the races that
he is okay so now I'ma Rossa says that
he's a racist
she shoes out there the entire campaign
talk about what an honor
Trump was she gets fired because she's a
terrible employee and then she leaves
the White House and suddenly Trump is a
racist if this feels a little bit as
though she is turning and wheeling on
Trump because she's mad at him that's
because that's exactly what this is so
president Trump is in his own inimitable
fashion takes to Twitter to respond
because this is the reality show we all
bargain for okay let's be real about
this this is what you wanted to see was
it not when you turned into The
Apprentice this is what you wanted to
see you are getting the show that you
took that remote control and decided to
TiVo and now you're getting to enjoy it
break out the popcorn break out the
jelly beans because this is how it's
going to go from here until the end of
the administration President Trump
tweets out this Mark Burnett he calls to
say there are no tapes of The Apprentice
where I used such a terrible and
disgusting word as attributed by wacky
and deranged amarosa so I like that
every day now actually hurt her nickname
expands so she started off as wacky
Omarosa
she's now wacky and deranged Rama Rosa
tomorrow Oh be wacky deranged and insane
Omarosa so she's sort of like in
Austrian Prince just adds names as time
continues just it's her Trump continues
I don't have that word in my vocabulary
and never had she made it up look at her
many recent quotes saying such wonderful
and powerful things about me a true
champion of civil rights until she got
fired
Omarosa had zero credibility with the
media they didn't want interviews when
she worked in the White House now that
she says bad about me they will talk to
her fake news here's the thing Trump's
actually right about this obviously the
media hated Amuro so they thought that
it was a joke shoes in the White House
because it was a joke that she was in
the White House because she never should
have been hired because the president
didn't hire all the best people he hired
Omarosa of all the people in the United
States he went hire Omarosa but when he
says that the media are treating Omarosa
with a strange new respect that of
course is a hundred percent true then he
says when you give a crazed crying
lowlife a break and give her a job at
the White House I guess it just didn't
work out good work by general Kelly for
firing quickly firing that Doug okay so
some people today are saying oh it's
racist racist the Trump would call her a
dog right he calls her a crazed crying
lowlife and says he gave her a break I
liked it for President Trump every time
he hires somebody it's that he gave them
their big break in life it's a out of
the charity of his heart he hired
because he's such a charitable fellow
president trumpets that's what he does
he's just such a nice guy okay but the
idea that he's a racist because he
called Omarosa
a dog is just silly here is a mere
smattering of the people he has called
the dog in the past on Twitter alone
okay and it's always in the same context
he loves the phrase fired like a dog
which begs the question how many dogs
has he actually fired cuz that's weird
like do you fire a dog our dog's known
for being fired
it's a strange from the phrase but the
president has said this many many times
so here's what he said about David
Gregory formerly of NBC David Gregory
got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a
Doug now he's on CNN being nasty to me
not nice exclamation point
Mitt Romney had his chance to be a
failed president but he choked like a
dog I don't know what he has against
dogs like I'm not a dog person but he
needs to go over to like puppy spot or
something and really get to know some
dogs because he's kind of mean he says
Moo McMiller
I'm now going to teach you a big boy a
lesson about lawsuit in finance
you ungrateful Doug Minnie says about
sloppy Steve ban and this is my favorite
cuz I don't like so you ban he's a jerk
he's now sloppy steve has been dumped
like a dog by almost everyone and then
there's bill maher fired like doug and
then there's Arianna Huffington she is a
Doug who wrongfully comments on me and
then there's Reverend Wright and Barack
Obama he says the Reverend Wright was
dumped like a dog and then there's eric
erickson who was fired like a dog and
then there's reverend wright who was
also again dumped like a dog and then
there was glenn back who was burned like
a dog and then there was David Axelrod
who was a dog and then there's George
Will who was thrown off ABC like a dog
and then there was Chuck Todd who was
not quite fired like a dog but Trump
thought he was going to be fired like a
dog and there was brent bozell who came
to his office begging for money like a
dog and then there's eric erickson
again fired like a dog and then mubarak
who was dropped like a dog there was Ted
Cruz who scapegoated his capable
director of communications fired like
Doug and finally the best one involves
of course this this is a classic of the
genre fired like a dog I mean it's a
whole genre right if Blockbuster Video
still existed there would actually be a
full section of dog references by
President Trump be like fired like a dog
one fired like a dog to the revenge okay
so he's waited this is this is the
it's the best one this is from October
17th 2012 Robert Pattinson should not
take back Kristen Stewart she cheated on
him like a dog and would do it again
just watch he can do much better so
Before we jump to he's a racist we might
want to say he's a speciesist he doesn't
like dogs he's very very mean to dogs
you thought Mitt Romney was mean to dogs
when he put a dog on top of his car and
drove around all that stuff President
Trump every time he has something bad to
say about a person he likens that person
into a dog so there's that but I love
that the BDI are treating he called home
roses oh he's a racist because she's a
black woman that's why he calls her a
dog
no I called her dogs doesn't like her
and for some reason he's got this phrase
stuck in this said one of the one of the
funny things about you know delving into
Trump's Twitter is whenever you think
that he's tweeted something that is
brand new as soon as you delve into his
past you realize that he has said it
1,000 times before we've had this sort
of thing with President Trump before so
I remember when he did this thing where
he mocked Sergey Kowalewski who was a
columnist for The New York Times and
remember he did these hand motions that
made it look like he was mocking a
disabled reporter and this became a
statement repeatedly that he was mocking
the disabled reporter not just mocking
the disabled reporter but mocking him
for the disability any ideas that he was
doing it because he knew Kowalewski was
disabled and so he started doing his
hands in in sort of a curled up fashion
in order to mock Kowalewski x' to scoop
disability and then it turns out that if
you go back through his tapes of him
mocking people he's constantly doing
these weird hand motions every time he
refers to somebody he doesn't like so is
he mocking the reporter yes was he doing
it for the disability no the truth is
that one of the reasons people give
Trump a lot of leeway on him being a
jerk is good is a jerk to everybody but
I'm surprised that we're still fighting
this fight like he's constantly a jerk
to most the president has two categories
in life when it comes to the people he
deals with either they're wonderful
people who say great things about me and
therefore deserve jobs at the White
House no matter how bad they are at
their job or they should be fired like a
Doug because they're the worst people in
the world right and everything breaks
down into these two categories is that
the president has any forty magda plan
like when he's nice to Putin he's not
nice to Putin because Putin and Trump
were on the phone late at night making
sweet love to one another it wasn't that
it's that Putin has said in the past
you've got a strong month but I have
been pump and then Trump's like I like
that guy
it's great and then the minute the Putin
does something Trump doesn't like you
should be fired like a Doug that's
that's really it's it's those are the
only two polls for president Trump
yeah and that's that is what it is like
is it my favorite thing no but are we
getting exactly what we bargained for of
course we're getting exactly what we
bargained for okay but the media are
responding to all of this with the
predictable outrage that you knew that
they would we'll get to that in just one
second first let's talk about the fact
that you have a credit card bills let's
talk about the fact you have some
outstanding costs that you want to pay
or you want to do some construction on
your house bottom line is you need some
sort of swing loan and with Lending Club
you can do all the stuff you can top
consolidate your debt or pay off credit
cards with one fixed monthly payment
since 2007 Lending Club has helped
millions of people regain control of
their finances with affordable
fixed-rate personal loans you know trips
to a bank know high interest credit
cards all you do is go to Lending Club
com tell them about yourself how much
you want to borrow pick the terms that
are right for you if you're approved
your loan is automatically deposited
into your bank account in as little as a
few days so go check it out right now
Lending Club is the number one
peer-to-peer lending platform over
thirty five billion dollars in loans
issued all you have to do is go to
Lending Club comm slash Ben that's
Lending Club comm slash binding check
irate in minutes you can borrow up to
forty grand
that is Lending Club comm slash Ben
again Lending Club comm slash ban all
loans made by web bank member FDIC Equal
Housing lender there's no reason for you
to have these high interest credit cards
just keep racking up debt that instead
you should go over to lending club check
out your options and again it's a very
easy process I've checked it out myself
Lending Club comm slash Ben go check it
out right now borrow up to forty grand
check it rates in minutes Lending Club
comm slash Ben go check that out
all right so nonetheless Omarosa
continues to say that she has the goods
on president Trump unfortunately she
actually had a little Penn bomb so she
apparently had a little pen that had in
it a recording device okay this is the
latest accusation how was she recording
this stuff she wasn't using her phone is
the accusation by a Shara Lee over at
over on Twitter calm he's a reporter and
he suggests that she was carrying around
a pen that recorded things the great
irony of this of course is that as you
recall back during the 2016 election
Corey Lewandowski grabbed a reporter
named Michelle fields because she might
have had a little pen bomb it turns out
that the pen bomb it was actually a pen
recording device and it was carried
James bond-like by Omarosa into the West
Wing because
everything is stupid because all that
you see this pen you never know you
never know gang what's in this pit in
any case she claims that she has Trump
on tape doing all sorts of terrible
things here is the most damning material
this is she gave the tape to CBS
apparently she was talking with Katrina
Pierson who was a once and future member
of the Trump team and Katrina page was
talking about the supposed n-word tape
that was floating around the offices of
The Apprentice or somesuch
and here is Omarosa talking with Katrina
Pierson because our long national
nightmare of people who shouldn't be on
TV never ends here we go okay so hatred
s Katrina Pierson the very end saying he
said it he said the n-word and he is
embarrassed okay well we don't actually
have evidence that any of this was said
when the evidence comes out then we'll
have to talk about the implications for
the administration left to talk about
the implications for future electoral
prospects the the kind of national
implications of having a president who
has used the n-word in the last 10 years
if that ends up being a thing that
actually happened but if the best that
amorosa can do is come up with a comment
from Katrina Pierson that's going to be
pretty weak sauce that's that's pretty
weak sauce remember Katrina Pierson is a
person who worked for Ted Cruz then
worked for President Trump and then
suggested it was okay when President
Trump implied that via national via the
National Enquirer that Katrina Pearson
had an affair with Ted Cruz none of
these people are real high on the
credibility list none of these people
really like you wouldn't trust them to
handle your finances like III really
honest to god I would not trust these
people to handle my safety deposit box
and I'm supposed to believe that they
have all of the all of the goods on on
president Trump or that I'm supposed to
trust President Trump here's my view
when I can't trust anybody have to wait
for evidence to come out otherwise this
is just a bunch of media nonsense
there's a reason by the way that
amaurosis book still hasn't reached
number one on Amazon it's because nobody
believes anything she has to say even
members of the media are looking at her
and saying yeah this
this is not the Spree weak stuff like
there's pretty weak stuff okay so now I
want to talk in brief about the the
Muller investigation so this is
hysterically funny Peter struck you'll
recall is the charming and wonderfully
smug fellow who appeared before Congress
recently to talk about why he was such a
good guy he's such a good guy that Peter
struck sent text messages to his lover
both of them were married to other
people at the time about why he didn't
