the left trots out student says their
point people everything is about race
and the media spin wildly for gun
control in every possible direction i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
so there's our last day of the week
until Friday broadcasting from Los
Angeles and we're headed off to
Washington DC for CPAC I will have some
notes on CPAC because a little bit of
controversy is broken out about one of
the invited speakers suffice it to say I
disagree with the invitation but I also
don't control the invites I am looking
forward to seeing everyone at CPAC
however before we get to any of that
plus the news of the day first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Zeile so if you are in need of some
relaxation if your back aches if your
neck aches if you've been working too
hard
Zeile is the thing for you so Z EE L
okay this is a massage service it's an
in-home massage service everyone loves
massage people don't get them because
instead yeah you have to go over to the
spa you have to wait for an appointment
you have to shell out a lot of money to
do it and then the quality than that
great well what Zeile does is they send
a licensed masseuse directly to your
house the masseuse brings the table the
oils the candle like the whole deal and
they turn your home into the spa I have
gotten it as a president for my wife
I've gotten it as a present for my
in-laws I've gotten it for my sister
I've gotten it for my parents it is a
fantastic gift and it is great for you
as well they can do it basically on a
moment's notice go to zeal comm or seals
iPhone or Android app @ze Elcom and
select from top local licensed
pre-screened massage therapists choose
your favorite technique gender
preference time and location for your
massage seven days a week 365 days a
year
as the Oh massage therapist can be at
your door in as little as an hour
privacy convenience quality and comfort
that's what you get with your massage on
demand with zeal again they have nine
thousand licensed massage therapists
with a massage table I know my family's
used a bunch of different masseuse is
from zeal they are all fantastic there's
a reason why they're a fast-growing
company to help you get started our
listeners can get twenty five dollars
off their first massage by using the
promo code been at checkouts when you
check out make sure you use that promo
code bending at 25 bucks off it gets
even better if you sign up for zeals
massage membership and get 20% off all
your massages plus a free massage table
and sheet set that is a $380 value yours
free there's no initiation fee to join
there's just a great additional savings
on top of the $25 discount you're gonna
get when you use promo code bed so go to
Zeile again that ze e Elcom or on seals
iPhone or Android app and then make sure
to add click add promo code to checkout
and use my promo code Ben and get 25
bucks off your first in-home on-demand
massage or sign up for the massage
membership and get 20% off all massages
Plus that free massage table and sheet
set a $380 value fantastic company again
can't recommend it more highly for a
gift particularly the loved ones zeal
comm you shouldn't get gifts for people
you don't love anyway so you just get it
for a loved one seal calm and use that
promo code Ben so that they know that we
sent you alright so the debate over gun
control continues and as I said
yesterday I think there are some things
that we actually can do right there is
what is called they've been called the
the gun violence restraining order this
is something that I talked about
yesterday David French at National
Review spoke about the possibility of
having laws on the books that allow
immediate family or close friends to go
to the court and petition to have your
capacity to own a gun temporarily
removed from you if a court finds that
you are a threat to yourself or others
that would be a useful measure in my
view another useful measure would be
dramatically heightening security I
talked about this on Fox and Friends
this morning I've talked about it this
week the idea here would be that you
have to harden the defenses around
schools our banks have tremendous
security there's no reason why our
dollars should be guarded more closely
than our children there's been a lot of
talk about arming teachers and some
people object to this well I don't
understand why a trained armed teacher
would be a threat to your child you
trust your child in the classroom with
that teacher every single day and right
now we are leaving teachers at the at
the whim of mass killers there is that
coach in Parkland to a shot to death
while he was attempting to defend
students wouldn't have been better if he
actually been licensed to carry a
handgun and had a gun with him so he
maybe could have done something about it
that they should build schools sure from
now on they should build schools with
failsafe mechanisms so that if a mass
shooter were to enter the school there
were there'd be a capacity to actually
lock down separate parts of the school
they have this lockdown capacity at a
lot of hospitals there's no reason why
they shouldn't use it when it comes to
schools as well and another thing that
that ought to be done is something that
we here are now doing at Daily wire so
at daily wire as I've said on the show I
said it on the last in the last week
that I wasn't gonna name the shooter on
the show I wasn't gonna show pictures of
the shooter on the show and somebody
emailed me and said well then why is
your website naming the shooter and
showing pictures and I thought well
that's a good point and so we at Daily
wire will no longer be showing the names
or the faces of mass shooters the reason
being that studies tens show that mass
shooters are driven by a need for media
attention and so this time we are going
to try to be part of the solution rather
than part of the problem the media that
the race
show faces the race to show names in the
media is obviously ratings driven it's
obviously clique driven because people
are curious people want to know what the
guy looks like a lit and showed up a
school we're not gonna be part of that
game because we can give you all the
relevant information as we have been
doing on the show we've told you who the
guy is we've told you everything about
him we've told you what you need to know
for the public policy debate we're just
not going to put a name and a face on
him because we don't want to give him
any sort of uh notoriety we don't want
him to be unintentionally given levels
of exposure that will drive the next
mass killer there's no reason why we
should know the names of mass shooters
particularly except out of just normal
human curiosity or why their picture
should be flashed across the news we can
give you all the information that you
need to know without that pictorial
evidence behind it the reason we're
doing this is because there are a series
of studies that have shown again the
mass shooters tend to feed off media
attention so professor Jennifer Johnston
and Andrew joy of Western New Mexico
University found in a paper presented to
the APA that's the American
Psychological Association in 2016 quote
media contagion can help make mass
shootings more common unfortunately
Johnston says we find that a
cross-cutting trait among many profiles
of mass shooters is desire for fame they
say that the rise of such a trait in
mass shooters rose quote in
correspondents the emergence of
widespread 24-hour news coverage on
cable news programs and the rise of the
internet during the same period
so Johnston recommended a media pack to
no longer share reproduce or retweet the
names faces or long-winded statements of
killers so that we don't see it as so
that we could see a dramatic reduction
in mass shootings in one to two years so
some studies say that the the dramatic
reduction won't be that dramatic but
there is a similar conclusion which is
that a lot of these shooters are driven
by the need for fame so we're gonna do
our part again we can give you all the
details that you need to know without
speaking the name of the person who did
it because again there's a lot of people
out there who want the world to know
their name well we're not going to help
them in that quest that's not something
that we think is is a worthwhile is a
worthwhile thing the media of course are
not going a lot of other outlets in the
media are not going to do this
unfortunately cable news is not going to
do this CNN shows the names and face of
the shooters Fox News shows the names
and face of the shooter
The Washington Post New York Times all
the major outlets I believe still show
the names and faces of mass shooters
because they said the public has a right
to know well just because you have a
right to know doesn't mean that I have I
have
obligations to show you and I do not
feel the obligation to show you the face
of a shooter outweighs my obligation as
a human being to prevent the
dissemination of material that helps
possibly create the next shooter that's
not something that I want to be a part
of okay so speaking of media malfeasance
and the left's malfeasance on the gun
control issue and the fact that every
mass shooting now has become a cause
celeb that that this has become the club
to wield against gun law-abiding gun
owners then the media have really done
an outsized job here so I just want to
show you some of the things the media
have been doing because they're truly
insane so ABC News had a tape of a guy
named Scott Pappalardo you've never
heard of Scott Pappalardo Scott
Pappalardo is some dude who they found
on Facebook why are they putting him on
ABC News's Twitter feed well because
he's a gun owner and he decided to
destroy his gun for some odd reason here
here's a video of him talking about it
my pre ban legally registered ar-15
which I purchased over 30 years ago
now I'm a firm believer in the Second
Amendment and I even have it tattooed on
my arm a lot of people have said to me
what do you need to own a weapon like
that for its only purpose is to kill and
I'll be honest it's a lot of fun to
shoot
I remember after Sandy Hook happened I
said to my wife I'd gladly give this gun
up if it would save the life of just one
child
I've decided today I'm gonna make sure
this weapon will never be able to take a
life the barrel of this gun will never
be pointed at someone is the right to
own this weapon more important in
someone's life a weapon like this that
can cause so much death and destruction
and then he goes ahead and he takes a
saw and he proceeds to saw the gun in
half essentially so he he actually walks
out there you can see him doing this
routine there's so many of them out
there now okay so so first point here is
that what he actually just did is sort
of he legally sawed off long weapons and
make them into shorter weapons second of
all it's stupid the reason that stupid
is because that gun was not going to be
used to shoot it I mean it's been in his
hands for thirty years has it ever been
used to shoot a child has it ever been
used to shoot anyone listen would I be
willing to give up my Mossberg 500 and
my not a 9-millimeter Glock would I be
willing to give those guns up to save
the life of a child sure I'd be willing
to give those guns up to save a life of
a child right you have a guy standing
next to me he sent me to shoot this
child unless you give up your guns
obviously I give up the guns it's a
no-brainer but that's not the choice
that's a false choice my guns are not
going to be used to kill the child and
nobody is blackmailing me to give up my
guns or they're going to shoot a child
that gun had never been used in anger
against another human being and this guy
seems like a decent fellow my
presumption is that if he saw a shoot of
mass shooting taking place you'd go grab
his gun and try to take down the mass
shooter he wouldn't go and join the mass
shooter but this is the false binary
that's been created every gun is the
threat that gun was not a threat because
the guy who owns the gun is not a threat
my gun is not a threat it's locked up in
my safe my gun is only a threat to
somebody who would harm my fan
hurt people I love and this is true for
the vast vast 99.9% of law-abiding gun
owners this is the truth for and yet the
media pushed this out as though this is
some sort of great act of heroism
Olympic gold in virtue signaling for
Scott Pappalardo who made no one safer
in this act
no one was made safer in this act but he
got his name on the news and then he's
got to put out this sort of propaganda
which I guess is very exciting I'm gonna
show you some more media malfeasance on
the gun control issue in just a second
plus we still have to get to the
Children's Crusade which is something
that the left is now pushing first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Tommy John so there is no better
time to upgrade from your old
uncomfortable underwear to Tommy John
which is the revolutionary Comfort
company for the modern man and when you
switch to Tommy John you're not going to
switch to any other underwear company
not because it is just a fantastic pair
of underwear but also because it is
affordable also because that they last
forever I mean they really hold up when
you send them through the wash their
unparalleled comfort innovative designs
patented fabrics to ensure that your
underwear will never ride up the
waistband never rolls down and you will
never get a wedgie I had enough of those
in high school I don't need anymore
and Tommy John ensures that that never
happens again it's the best pair of
guarantee if you don't love it on you
then it's on them and it's free Tommy
John re-engineered underwear so you
never have to adjust you never have to
sit around picking at your underwear
I've tried all kinds of different
underwear brands Tommy John is the best
there is and that I can guarantee
they've even taken their Comfort
expertise and applied it to the rest of
your apparel so Tommy John's has
undershirts that stay tucked in socks
that never fall down which is a big
thing
second skin tees that are so soft you
won't believe it and a choice of smart
fabrics for every situation or outfit so
if you're looking for undergarments of
any kind Tommy John is the place to go
and again their underwear is backed by
the best pair you'll ever wear or it's
free guarantees you have nothing to lose
Tommy John no adjustment even go to
Tommy John comm / Shapiro and their
special offer offer for our listeners
Tommy John's comm / repair you get 20%
off your first order that's Tommy John
comm / Shapiro and you get 20% off again
Tommy John comm / capiro you get the
best underwear you've ever had you get
20% off his underwear and get some let
them know that we sent you as well okay
back to the media coverage of the gun
control issue the media obviously have a
deep and abiding agenda it says in the
media as I say what's something the
media could do to actually help prevent
shootings according to studies they
could what we're doing over at Daily
wire not mention the name or face of the
shooters
that they could do they're not doing
that so instead what they do is they put
out a bunch of people talking about how
gun control is obviously the thing that
has to happen you're so CNN is having
the entire special I believe it's
tomorrow night and that special tomorrow
night is going to feature all of the
students over at Parkland basically
talking about why they want gun control
and the reason this is stayed in the
news is because the media have decided
to use the children over at Parkland in
order to push their agenda I will talk
about whether it is moral to use
children in order to push an agenda
teenagers to push an agenda in just a
second but first I'm going to show you
some more elements in the news that are
just plain false that are just fake news
so CBS News put out this promo saying
that in Florida it's easier to buy an
assault rifle than it is to obtain cold
medicine this is just not true
says here's what's more difficult to
purchase than agonda in Florida sudafed
contains pseudoephedrine which can be
legally manufactured can be used to
legally manufacture methamphetamines
federal regulations require it be sold
behind the pharmacy or service counter
and customers need to show they're over
18 years of age and then it says
customers are limited to purchases of
nine grams per month about 215 dose
boxes of 24-hour claritin-d or 310 those
boxes of leave cold and sinus or 624
dose boxes of sudafed in florida you can
buy as many guns as you want at one time
according to the NRA S Institute for
legislative action right there's no
federal background check for cold
medicine there's no federal background
check for sudafed it says you don't need
a permit to purchase a rifle or shotgun
right but there is a federal background
check that happens in every federally
licensed firearms dealer says there are
restrictions on the amounts of
fertilizer one can purchase because
ammonium nitrate when mixed with other
substances can become explosive right
because you don't have a right to
explosives you do have a right to keep
and bear arms for your own safety but
the headline here that it's easier to
buy a gun than it is to buy claritin-d
is just not true try buying claritin-d
go to a pharmacy try to buy claritin-d
it is much easier to buy claritin-d than
it is to go to a gun shop and buy a gun
you have to you in California you
actually have to take a test in
California insider' in other states you
don't in Florida you have to have a
federal background check they check you
through the system that doesn't happen
with cold medicine by the way I think
from a libertarian perspective there's a
solid argument that I should be able to
buy as much sudafed as I wanted a given
shot and I'm not sure that the
government has a place in regulating how
much sudafed I can buy so I have
problems
with that on a libertarian basis just
automatically I don't know I should have
to go back to the store every so often
to buy sudafed if I just want to stock
up and use it later and if I'm producing
meth and the government can bust me and
the government can prosecute me but
again this is the media pushing
falsehoods the again the idea that it's
difficult to buy guns that it's easier
to to buy lots of other things in the
United States than it is to buy a gun
just not true if you're doing it legally
through a federally licensed firearms
dealer that's not the only piece of
propaganda being put out cNN has
commentator named gagliano and and this
this person says that gun pal says that
sorry it's James gagliano who's the FBI
Supervisory Special Agent retired and
says that the founding fathers never
could have envisioned an
eighteen-year-old kid
