Democrats pull an insane round of
manipulation regarding sexual assault
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh and
Bernie Sanders off the rails once more
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
[Music]
well it's Cavanaugh Cavanaugh and more
Cavanaugh today because that is the only
thing in the news and it's the only
thing in the news for a reason I have
never seen anything like this I have
never seen people throw out an
allegation with no supporting facts
whatsoever admit that there are no
supporting facts whatsoever admit they
don't know whether the allegation is
true and still maintain that a dudes
life should be ruined over it it's
pretty unbelievable but we'll get to all
of that in just a second first let's
talk about your comfort so I took the
day off yesterday but the day that I
took off was spent in penitence and
prayer if I'd really wanted to relax
what I would have done and I shouldn't
do this on Yom Kippur but any other day
of the year what I would have done is
get a massage from the folks over at
Zeile because the only thing better than
getting a massage is getting a massage
in the comfort of your own home which is
where zeal comes in you go to zeal calm
around zeals iPhone or Android app
that's Z ee l comm and you select from
tap local licensed pre-screened massage
therapist you choose your favorite
technique gender preference time and
location for your massage zeal then
sends one of their 10,000 licensed
massage therapists with a massage table
music and supplies to give you a
five-star massage scheduling booking
payment it's fast and easy the tip is
even included 7 days a week 365 days a
year
Azul massage therapist can be at your
door and then as little as an hour it's
super convenient which is why I've
gotten this as gift for my wife for both
my parents for my in-laws for my sister
it's really fantastic it's super
convenient and the massage therapists
are all fantastic find out for yourself
why Zeile has been featured in The Wall
Street Journal New York Times Vogue and
on Good Morning America and why we talk
about it over here bring the spot to you
and try seal today today like their on
demand to get you started our listeners
can get 25 bucks off their first massage
with promo code been that Cee Elcom
promo code Ben right now again go to
zeal comm or on zeals iPhone or Android
app get a special offer when you try
zeal today enter promo code Ben's get 25
bucks off your first in-home massage so
I have to say that in the 25 hours that
I was away the Democrats have morphed
their playbook so it went from here's a
woman accusing a prospective Supreme
Court nominee of sexual assault let's
hear her story - you must not ask any
questions whatsoever and if you do you
are demonstrating you don't take her
seriously also you can't talk to her so
basically Democrat said here this
woman's story and Republicans said
okay let's hear it and Democrat said no
never and Republican said well then how
are we supposed to hear Hearst and
Democrats no never and that's pretty
much where things stand right now as in
her lawyer is now saying that there is
no reason to have a hearing that instead
they're going to throw this in the lap
of the FBI as we discussed a couple of
days ago the FBI is not the magic police
okay they don't just go around
investigating claims that are thirty six
years old with no corroborate of
evidence there's nothing for them to do
here no federal crime has actually been
alleged this notion that the the FBI is
some sort of time cop and they can just
go back in time and watch from outside
the window with their spy glasses and
then see what Brett Kavanaugh did at an
unspecified date and an unspecified time
in an unspecified location that's crazy
talk but Democrats are trying to put
that out there so they don't have to
have a hearing now this is how you know
that the allegations must not be all
that credible even to Democrats it's a
win for them to have a hearing right I
mean how does this go badly for them
think think about the logic let's say
the Democrats have this hearing let's
say that Christine Blasi for the accuser
comes forward and let's say that she
gives a tear-filled interview about
exactly what happened when Brett
Kavanaugh allegedly thrust her into a
room jumped on top of her tried to pull
her clothes down and put his hand over
her mouth while she was screaming
how exactly are Republicans gonna look
good coming out of that and this is the
assumption last week this is why so many
Republicans were saying let's not even
do this hearing right let's just go
straight to the vote the reason is
because there is no way to win that PR
battle you got a woman who is alleging
something terrible happened to her and a
bunch of old white men asking her
questions how does that come off looking
good for Republicans well the only way
it comes out looking good for
Republicans is if there are holes in her
story if it looks like Democrats took a
half-baked story threw it out there in
order to stop Cavanaugh and then her
story falls apart publicly that's the
only plausible reason why Democrats
don't actually want to hold this hearing
don't believe them when they say well we
we have to shield the accuser from the
pain of having to go through the story
again she's already told her story
publicly people are already sending
death threats they shouldn't be because
that's evil but people are already doing
that so the idea that she is going to
minimize the pain that she's feeling by
not testifying is totally insane plus
they could have this hearing behind
closed doors
in fact that's what senator
grassley is calling for Grassley has put
out a long letter to the Democrats is
exactly right he says dear mrs. cats and
banks that would be the lawyers for this
woman cuz thank you for your letter
dated September 18th 2018 I was
disturbed to read that your clients and
her family have received threats of
intimidation that's never appropriate
and no one should be subject to that
behavior
the FBI has supplemented Judge
Cavanaugh's background investigation
file in light of the allegations raised
by her client dr. Christine Blasi Ford
the committee standard procedure for
supplemented background investigations
is to conduct phone or in-person
interviews with the relevant parties to
discuss the underlying issues to that
end
committee staff has attempted to contact
you directly by phone and email several
times to schedule a call at a time
convenient for you and your client we
thus far have not heard back from you
with regards to that request
shocker please contact committee staff
ear earliest convenience to schedule
that call at a time convenient for you
and your client as you know I have
reopened the hearing on judge
Cavanaugh's nomination in light of dr.
Ford's allegation that hearing will
begin again on Monday September 25th at
10:00 a.m. I have invited dr. Ford to
testify regarding her allegations
against judge Cavanaugh and in
recognition of how difficult it can be
to discuss allegations of this kind in
public I have also offered her the
choice of testifying in either a public
or closed session of the hearing as
Grassley writing in response to my
invitation however you wrote yesterday
that quote an FBI investigation of the
incident should be the first step in
addressing her allegations I certainly
understand and respect dr. Ford's desire
for an investigation of her allegations
that is precisely what the Senate is
doing that is why our investigators have
asked to speak with your client that is
why I've invited dr. Ford to tell her
story to the Senate and if she so
chooses to the American people it is not
the FBI's role to investigate a matter
such as this before nominating an
individual to a judicial or executive
office the White House directs the FBI
to conduct a background investigation
the FBI compiles information about a
prospective nominee and sends it to the
White House the White House then
provides FBI background investigation
files to the Senate as a courtesy to
help us determine whether to confirm a
nominee the FBI does not make a
credibility assessment of any
information it receives with respect to
a nominee nor is it tasked with
investigating a matter simply because
the committee deems it important and
they continue this Grassley again the
chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Committee have reopened the hearing
because I believe that anyone who comes
forward with allegations of sexual
assault has a right to be heard and
because it is the committee's
responsibility to
evaluate the fitness of a nominee to the
Supreme Court I therefore want to give
dr. Ford an opportunity to tell her
story to the Senate and if she chooses
to the American people I also want to
give Judge Cavanaugh an opportunity to
respond to the allegations you have
stated repeatedly that dr. Ford wants to
tell her story I sincerely hope that dr.
Ford will accept my invitation to do so
either privately or publicly on Monday
in the meantime my staff would still
welcome the opportunity to speak with
dr. Ford I remind you that consistent
with committee rules dr. Ford's prepared
testimony and biography are due to the
committee by 10:00 a.m. on Friday
September 21st if she intends to testify
on Monday and her lawyers have come back
and said no we're not gonna do any of
this hey Trump president Trump comes for
he says listen it would be wonderful if
she showed up so we could ask some
serious questions about this I think
he's an extraordinary man I think he's a
man of great intellect as I've been
telling you and he's has an unblemished
record this is a very tough thing for
him and his family and we want to get it
over with at the same time we want to
give tremendous amounts of time if she
shows up that would be wonderful if she
doesn't show up that would be
unfortunate and of course that's exactly
right again it's exactly right when
Trump is saying that forget we think of
Trump she has to show up so that we
actually have some sort of questions
that can be asked of this woman instead
what we're getting from the left is how
dare you how dare you we tell a story
either believe it or don't but we're not
giving you anything we're not giving you
anything you by this standard it's not
even worthwhile for the woman to have
come forward Dianne Feinstein should
have just said there's an anonymous
allegation that Brett Kavanaugh sexually
assaulted someone in his teens we're not
coming forward with who she is we're not
coming for with any information about
what happened we're not talking about
where when why how or who we're not
gonna talk about any of those things and
you must respect our anonymous
allegation there's a reason that there's
such a thing as due process of law when
it comes to the criminal courts and
there should be at least a modicum of
due process when it comes to the court
of public opinion as well but Dianne
Feinstein who started this whole charade
by receiving in this letter and then not
saying anything about it for six weeks
waiting till after Cavanaugh's hearing
waiting until after all of her written
questions wait until after all of her
verbal questions to Cavanaugh and the
releasing that that notice that she had
this letter that was anonymous
information from an anonymous individual
even Dianne Feinstein is now saying I
can't say everything is truthful well if
you can't say everything is truthful
then what the hell are we doing this for
if you can't say that you believe the
accuser and what are we doing this for
and on what basis you believe the
accuser and what you think the process
should be going forward and no it
doesn't help to just say throw it to the
FBI I accuse Dianne Feinstein of eating
small babies I don't you ask me what my
evidence is I don't have to show you my
evidence that you eat small babies I
just all I can say is I know that in the
back room Dianne Feinstein takes small
children carves them up into little bits
eats their spleen liver and appendix and
then proceeds to boil their legs and eat
them too and if you ask me
what basis I have for such allegations
all I can say is let's let the FBI look
into it let's let the FBI check it out
you don't have the right to ask me those
sorts of questions and if you ask me
those sorts of questions it's because
you don't care about babies being eaten
in the back room by old senators you
don't care about any of that stuff you
know who I know because you're asking me
questions if you didn't care you would
just finish Dianne Feinstein's career
this is really disgusting stuff here's
Dianne Feinstein saying yesterday I
don't know that everything is truthful I
really know who knows well I have no say
I'm the lead Democrat but the
Republicans control so this is all up to
the Republican side okay and I think
it's really too bad that no one called
her or called her lawyer my
understanding is she got emails and this
is a woman and I really believe who's
been profoundly impacted by this now I
can't say everything's truthful I don't
know but I do know that you had to
contact her lawyers and our side isn't
putting this together the Republican
side is putting it together this is
insane okay this is just insane they
didn't call her
they only emailed what so sure seen the
emails you know about it don't you
people respond by email all the time I
do it on a frequent basis email is a
form of communication in 2018 it turns
out what in the world
and then there's Ford's lawyer so Ford's
where comes
fourth and she says listen you know we
put out these allegations but why should
we rush to a hearing there's no rush
let's be real about what this is folks
this is a delaying tactic Democrats are
hoping now this whole thing drags all
the way through the election all they
have to do is drag the sucker out
another six weeks if they can drag it
past the election they're hoping
desperately the democrats clean up in
the election there's about a one in two
to one in three chance that they
actually win the Senate back let's say
they win the Senate back and then they
just stifle Cavanaugh's nomination in
the same way Republicans stifled Merrick
Garland's nomination they could do that
and that's their great hope here that's
what they're doing this looks like a
political hit again maybe the lady's
telling the truth
she is not providing any evidence that
she's telling the truth like none okay
her saying something I've had bad things
happen to me in my life and I could
provide you if I if I wanted to bring
them forth I could provide you
corroborate of detail I could provide
you witnesses I could provide you time
in place okay and these are things that
happen like let's see when I was 15 so
19 years ago so it's a long time though
two decades ago I could ride you time in
place I can tell you what date it was I
can tell you where it happened okay and
if I couldn't then you would rightly ask
me what evidence I have of my
allegations we can get more into this in
just one second but first let's talk
about your Aero filters listen I know
sexy topic I know you don't want to hear
about your air filters but let's be real
the reason you need to hear about your
air filters is because you are breathing
in gunk right now it's just seeping into
your lungs that gunk and that is why you
ought to have air filters that are
actually clean then actually worked
apparel haven't thought about your
filters for years that's your problem
if you had thought about your air
filters they'd be clean right now and
this is where filter by comes in filter
by makes sure that you have clean air
filters in they can do pretty much any
size okay go to filter by comm it's
America's leading provider of HVAC
filters for homes and small businesses
you can choose from over 600 sizes
including custom options they ship free
within 24 hours you just go and you
register and then you can even get on a
regular schedule so you never have to
think about air filters again every time
I mention air filters you won't have to
think about it because you already took
care of it they support working
Americans manufacturing all their
filters right here in the United States
save 5% when you subscribe for auto
replacement so you're never gonna forget
to change your filters filter by will
save you time and money you're gonna
breathe better
apparently become more intelligent in
the process when you're not breathing
gunk so stop procrastinating right now
that's filter by comm filter bu why comm
tell them I sent you we use it here at
Daily wire offices because again we
don't want our employees breathing gunk
we want them to be smart and with it and
not dying of cancer so go check it out
right now filter by comm and tell them
we sent you get on that regular
schedules too so because you save 5%
when you subscribe for auto replacement
so this lady's lawyer comes for us and
and she says there's no reason to rush
to a hearing oh so there's a reason to
rush to bring out the allegation but
there's no reason to rush to a hearing
mm-hmm so here is the statement from
Christine blaze Ford's lawyer Lisa banks
quote dr. Ford was reluctantly thrust
into the public spotlight only two days
ago let's be clear about why dr. forum
was thrust into the public spotlight she
sends a letter to the Washington Post to
representative Anna Eshoo of California
and to Dianne Feinstein in all three of
those letters she said she wanted to
keep it confidential if there was a real
basis for the allegations like a hard
evidentiary basis don't you think the
Washington Post would have reported it
they reported the ROI more allegations
don't you think they would have checked
it out go on and vetted it down to the
ground but they couldn't and so instead
Dianne Feinstein leaked anonymous
allegations out into the public and then
shock of shocks it turns out that the
lady feels like she needs to come
forward because now it's public enough
that people are tracking her down weird
how that works we're done that sort of
media manipulation works you release a
letter to a politician you say keep my
name out of it the politician releases
the letter without your name in it and
two days later you are coming forth
whose fault is it that this whole thing
was released dianne feinstein's okay she
is currently unable to go home and is
receiving ongoing threats to her and her
family safety listen I know what that
feels like it's terrible
it is terrible and obviously evil nobody
should be threatening anybody else in
the United States with violence that's
not a thing but that doesn't mean you
get to hide behind safety threats not to
testify about matters that impact the
entire fate of the Supreme Court going
forward her lawyer says fairness and
respect for her situation dictates you
should have time to deal with this no
that is not what fairness and respect
