former FBI director james comey 'he's
trump memos hit the press president
Trump brings in Rudy Giuliani and we
checked the mailbag this is the ben
shapiro show
as always lots of breaking news today
James Comey he had those memos they
wrote contemporaneously when he was FBI
director and had conversations with
president-elect Trump and then President
Trump and now those memos if it the
press will go through them and tell you
everything that you need to know plus
he's bringing Rudy Giuliani but first I
want to tell you about our sponsors over
at zip recruiter so are you hiring right
now are you looking to make sure that
your business is constantly improving
are you just get rid of somebody you
need to fill a spot well this is what
zip recruiter is for zip recruiter
learns what you are looking for
identifies people with the right
experience and invites them to apply to
your job these invitations have
revolutionized how you will find your
next hire in fact 80% of all employers
who post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day and zip recruiter doesn't
actually stop there they even spot like
the strongest applications you receive
so you never miss a great match the
right candidates are out there and zip
recruiters how you find them it's the
reason we use if recruiter here at the
daily wire and here at the ben shapiro
show when we have to get rid of people
and then replace them with better people
so check it out my listeners can try zip
recruiter for free right now they can
try it for free go to zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire zip recruiter is the
smartest way to hire again that zip
recruiter comm slash daily where they
really do make things really easy they
ensure that you are only getting the
best applicants and they figure out
which are the best applicants for your
business they help you every step of the
way zip recruiter comm slash daily wired
go check it out and use that slash daily
wire so they know we sent you ok so
there's been hubbub for literally over a
year about James commis firing James
Comey was fired as head of the FBI
because James Comey refused to say that
President Trump was in the clear with
regard to the Russia investigation or at
least the president Trump was not under
investigation and Trump got mad about
that and so he fired James Comey he made
that pretty clear at the time well James
Comey immediately came out after that
just to recapitulate the history James
Comey came out after that and he leaked
some contemporaneous memos to one of his
friends a Columbia University law
professor he took these memos that he'd
written that were supposed to be notes
from meetings that he'd had with Trump
and he leaked them to one of his friends
said they'd get out in the press with
the express purpose of trying to get a
special prosecutor involved the idea
here was this that President Trump had
fired Comey
and now the DOJ had recommended that on
the basis of rod Rosen's teens remember
Jeff Sessions had recused himself from
everything Russia related
when that meant that rod Rosenstein the
Deputy Attorney General was the guy who
wrote a letter saying that James Comey
should be fired President Trump used
that letter as the basis for firing
James Comey James Comey then leaked a
bunch of memos about his relationship
with Trump to the press in the hopes
that the that Rosenstein would have to
recuse himself and appoint a special
prosecutor because once it became clear
that Trump had actually done this over
the Russia stuff and Rosenstein had been
involved in the firing of James call me
then suddenly a special prosecutor is
necessary that's why these memos became
a big issue in the first place
it was on the basis of these memos that
James Comey was called in front of
Congress to testify it was on the basis
of these memos that James Comey got his
big book deal and it's on the basis of
those memos that James Comey is now
running around on television every
single night so yesterday the DOJ turned
over these memos to Congress there's
some controversy related to this because
remember the DOJ had suggested that
originally these memos could not become
public because it would be a serious
infringement on national security
classified material would make it into
the public sphere if these if these
memos were to be made public there was
an ongoing investigation involving the
memos why should they be given to
Congress well yesterday they said fine
we'll hand him over to Congress and then
within five minutes of them being handed
over to Congress The Associated Press
have that had them the Washington Post
had them everybody in the press had them
and so here is what you need to know
from the Comey memos first of all
there's really nothing groundbreaking
about the Comey memos themselves so
everything that you knew that James
Comey had already said he said he said
in these memos
so his contemporaneous memos are very
consistent with what he's been saying
publicly
according to James Comey he went to
President Trump he told him about the
Russian dossier that was compiled by
Christopher Steele at the behest of
fusion GPS which was paid by the Hillary
Clinton campaign so try to follow me
here Hillary Clinton paid fusion GPS
which paid Christopher Steele to compile
a dossier on President Trump and that
dossier made its way to the FBI and
James Comey showed the most salacious
parts of that dossier to President Trump
and Trump and Comey at length discussed
the infamous p tape of course was the
portion of the dossier alleging that
President Trump went to Russia in 2013
and had Russian prostitutes pee on a bed
once occupied by the Obamas which is
real weird okay and then Trump
apparently told Comey at one point that
Putin had brags about the quality of
Russian hookers which is like okay
whatever and then
early Trump joked about jailing
reporters and Comey laughed about it and
Trump said that Michael Flint had
serious judgment issues which is not a
great shock ended up firing his national
security advisor Michael Flynn and then
asking James Comey if there was any way
he could see himself clearer to letting
Michael Flynn go which is not
obstruction since he didn't actually
pressure call me to let Michael Flynn go
so why do these memos matter why do
these memos matter well there are a few
reasons these memos matter so on the
Left they're suggesting these memos
matter because James Comey now looks
more consistent it looks like he's been
consistent in story throughout okay fair
enough but there are some problems for
James Comey in the memos hey first
problem for Jim's coming in the memos
first of all the memos themselves have
some reactions that means that some of
the material in the memos is still
classified well that raises a question
was Jim's call me leaking classified
material from his memos to the press if
so that's actually a crime now Comey
says he only leaked one memo to his
friends and that memo was unclassified
but we're gonna have to figure this
thing out because the fact is that
according to the letter from the DOJ to
Congress releasing these memos quote
pursuant to your request we are
providing the requested memoranda in
both redacted and unredacted formats for
your convenience the unredacted
documents are classified and will
provide those in a separate secure
transmittal to the House Security office
tomorrow which seems to imply that
commis memos were not all unclassified
okay also this seems to suggest that the
DOJ fibbed about the importance of the
memos in the first place as I mentioned
the DOJ refused to turn over the memos
when requested under the Freedom of
Information Act last year they claimed
that the release of the memos would
somehow impede the Muller investigation
nothing in the memo seems to suggest
this is true The Meadows also do not
suggest obstruction so this is a point
in favor of President Trump after the
release of the memos representatives
Devin Nunez Bob Goodlatte trey Gowdy
they tore into Comey
they said quote the memos show that the
president made clear he wanted
allegations of collusion coordination
and conspiracy between his campaign and
Russia fully investigated furthermore
the memos demonstrate the Trump didn't
want Russian and for election
interference investigation ended but the
suggestion that he had engaged in lewd
personal conduct he wanted investigated
so he was much more concerned with the
allegations about the P tape then he was
concerned about the idea that Russia
interfered in the election he wasn't
seeking to shut anything down or or
direct the investigation in any
particular direction except on the P
tape according to the Comey memos as the
congressman point out the memo is also
show
former director Comey never wrote that
he felt instructed or threatened which
is of course true he didn't feel
obstructed or threatened until he was
fired at which point it became sour
grapes maybe I was fired because of
obstruction as opposed to I was fired
because I'm wildly incompetent at my job
it is also true that these memos show
that James Comey held the Trump
administration and President Trump to a
different standard than he held members
of the Obama administration
so Comey has stated he interfered in the
Hillary Clinton email investigation in
an unprecedented way right he went out
there he did his big press conference
where he announced basically why hillary
clinton should be indicted and then said
she shouldn't be indicted he did that an
attempt to shield Loretta Lynch the
Attorney General from allegations of
bias or corruption well he never wrote
contemporaneous memos about his meetings
with Loretta Lynch or Barack Obama
during that time even though he was so
worried about it that he interfered in
the middle of an investigation
in a way that is wildly unprecedented he
only reserved those memos for Trump and
this is what the congressmen point out
they say quote he chose not to
memorialize conversations with President
Obama attorney general Lynch Secretary
Clinton Andrew McCabe or others but he
immediately began to memorialize
conversations with President Trump these
memos also lay bare the notion that
director former former director Comey is
not motivated by animus Comey also never
bothered to try to launch a Special
Counsel investigation against Lynch and
Clinton through leaks also worth noting
in these memos Comey defended McCabe
repeatedly and personally to President
Trump it now turns out that McCabe was
in fact lying repeatedly and now is
under criminal investigation that came
out yesterday that Andrew McCabe has
been now referred by the IG for criminal
investigation on the basis of leaking to
the press a bunch of stories about his
involvement in the Hillary Clinton
Foundation scandal and in his attempts
to investigate it so the Comey memos
don't actually help commis case in fact
they sort of hurt it they don't show us
anything we didn't already know but they
do undercut the case that Comey was
being pressured in any real way by
President Trump all of this prompted
President Trump to tweet so here's what
President Trump tweeted about all this
quote James Comey memos just out and
show clearly there was no collusion and
no obstruction also he leaked classified
information Wow will the witch-hunt
continue ok so again Joe I think it's
all advised for Trump to tweet this yes
but is he right yeah yes I mean there's
no inclusion no obstruction and it is
pretty clear that he may have leaked
classified information so all of this
this whole thing this whole
whole Special Counsel investigation
which was launched on the basis not not
the Russia investigation the special
counselor mother investigation which was
launched on the back of commis memos
seems really weak there's another theory
that is now being put out there by
modeling Malley Hemingway over at the
Federalist that is worth noting here
that what the memos really show is that
the the is that James Comey and James
clapper the former head of the CIA and
the press were in cahoots in their
attempts to get the the information
about the P tape out into the public
sphere so here's what Molly Hemingway
writes so she writes quote in multiple
memos Comey specifically mentioned that
CNN had the dossier the famous P tape
dossier and wanted a news hook that
would enable the network to report on
its most salacious allegations even
though they had not been verified so in
the memos it says that's quote I said
the Russians allegedly had tapes
involving him and prostitutes at the
presidential suite at the Ritz Carlton
in Moscow from about 2013 I said I
wasn't saying this was true only that I
wanted him to know both that had been
reported and that the reports were in
many hands no media organizations had
reported the allegations at the time
that Comey brief Trump's is Molly
Hemingway I said media like CNN and had
them and we're looking for a news hook
Comey added in his memo about the
briefing with Trump on January 6 2017 On
January 28th 2017 Comey wrote that in a
separate meeting Trump mentioned the
allegation about the alleged tape
prostitute of prostitutes of the hotel
and called it fake news Comey said I
explained again why I had thought it
important that he know about it I also
explained that one of the reasons we
told him was that the media CNN in
particular was telling us they were
about to run with it well this is all
weird why is this weird because on
January 10th just four days after James
Comey briefed the President of the
United States about the P tape there was
a CNN story and it said quote Intel
Chiefs presented Trump with claims of
Russian efforts to compromise him
extremely well-placed sources told CNN
that the Obama administration's top
intelligence appointees had briefed
Obama Biden and Trump all about a
dossier they took incredibly seriously
and considered credible but it sounded
really bad as the headline indicated CNN
declared Russian operatives claimed to
have compromising personal and financial
information about mr. Trump and just a
few minutes later BuzzFeed published the
actual dossier showing the world that
the dossier was riddled with salacious
gossip that lacked even a possibility of
corroboration
so remember here's the logic James Comey
and company right they told Trump that
we may have a
have a media scandal on our hands if
they can find a news hook and then what
a CNN uses the news hook the fact that
James Comey told President Trump that he
may have a media scandal on his hand you
see how the circuit the circular system
works here so I'll explain more of that
in just a second first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at ring so
our sponsors over at bring the video
doorbell company that allow you to see
and speak to anyone when they come to
your door they've actually sent us some
actual footage of ring busting crooks in
the act this one is just weird so this
is nighttime and a woman catches a
strange man standing at her door and
here is what ensues hey sorry we're in
the middle of dinner can I help you how
are you good how are you good seen you
in a while I don't know who you are I'm
Justin I met you okay so it's not clear
this guy's criminal but clearly this guy
is is weird and you really don't want
weirdos hanging out outside your house
without your able being able to see what
exactly is happening there this is one
of the reasons that you need a ring a
lot happens at your front door got a
ring video doorbell and you will never
miss a visitor whether you're home or
way you can see and speak to visitors on
your smartphone from anywhere even share
video clips to neighbors using the ring
app and we at our house we use room
we've used it for years now save up to
one hundred and fifty dollars on a ring
of security kit at ring.com slash Ben
that's ring.com slash Ben the ring of
security kit includes the ring
floodlight cam the spotlight cam it lets
you build a ring of security around your
entire property again you get a hundred
fifty bucks off when you go to ring comm
slash Ben that's ring comm slash Ben
again we use it at the Shapiro household
and it is invaluable I can tell you that
ring comm slash been for that discount
also so they know that we saw you okay
so back to the the reports about the
Comey memo that are really interesting
now this has not been substantiated but
the the going theory now on the right
seems to be that James Comey and company
went to president Trump and informed him
about the P tape dossier not just
because they wanted to inform him but
maybe because they wanted to leak the
news that that meeting had taken place
is that CNN could use it as a news hook
right this is what Molly Hemingway is
over at the federal she says keep in
mind that nothing we now know about the
dossier had been reported at the time it
wasn't yet reported that it was used by
the FBI to provide a substantial basis
to wiretap at least one Trump affiliate
despite the fact that it was unverified
it wasn't yet reported that the product
was bought and paid for as a Hillary
Clinton campaign operation or that it
was secretly funded by the DNC using the
law firm as a pass-through to hide its
provenance in federal campaign filings
after nearly a year of wrangling the
seven memos written by Comey were
finally handed over on Thursday to
Congress which oversees the operation
and funding of the FBI and DOJ the memos
purport to show commis version of in
turn his interactions with the president
before come--it was fired last May but
Molly Hemingway says listen something
weird is going on here right that Comey
claims the James clapper over at the CIA
wanted Trump to be briefed on the P tape
and on the on the dossier and in the
briefing Cohen in his notes he told
Trump CNN has this information they may
run with it at any time they just need a
news hook and the very news hook that
CNN used was Trump has now been briefed
about this stuff so it wasn't Comey then
that does raise some questions about
James clapper because clapper obviously
is a highly partisan player and if James
clapper was was basically using this as
an excuse to get the the the P tape
nonsense out there in the first place
that is pretty damning and very very
troubling
in any case none of this is particularly
troubling for President Trump I mean the
only material on the table right now
that could be serious problem for
President Trump is whatever the FBI's
got from Michael Cohen right that's the
stuff that could actually hurt President
Trump but this P tape stuff the dossier
stuff the Comey memos none of them
actually seem to be breaking at any
significant news James Comey still won't
leave our TV screens however because
he's got a book to show and and it's
amazing to watch as James Comey backs
off of his own strong position that
Trump may be compromised so he was asked
