Brett Kavanaugh fights back with
alacrity Lindsey Graham shows his teeth
and Republicans push forward with
Cavanaugh's nomination i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
well unless we left our story on our
podcast yesterday I was very downbeat on
the possibility of Brett Kavanaugh
getting on the court because we recorded
the podcast directly after Ford's
testimony but before Cavanaugh actually
got to testify today we'll get into
Cavanaugh's testimony the overall effect
of yesterday and what comes next we'll
get into all of that but first let's
talk about your impending death so I
know you think all this politics stuff
really matters a lot and it does matter
a lot I mean it makes a difference to
your life but at some point here you're
gonna plotz and then you're not gonna
care about politics anymore in fact you
may not care about much of anything
anymore but one thing that you'll wish
is that you had gotten some life
insurance and your family mostly is
gonna wish that you'd done that so they
could pay for your expensive funeral I
mean go check it out right now at policy
genius.com right now policy genius
compares quotes from a top life in
from all the top life insurance
companies to find the best policy for
you it takes just two minutes to get a
quote some 40% of Americans don't have
life insurance which is idiotic since
we're all gonna plotz
if you don't know the first thing about
insurance they've got all the tools you
need to get you up to speed
learn the difference between term and
whole life insurance calculate how much
coverage you need be sure you're making
the right decision in fact over four
million people have used policy genius
to shop for insurance policy genius
doesn't just make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
home insurance and auto insurance if you
care about it they can cover it so
whether you know a lot about life
insurance or nothing at all start your
search of policy genius calm and just
two minutes you can compare quotes make
sure your family is taken care of policy
genius the easy way to compare and buy
life insurance alrighty so the big news
obviously the continuing fallout from
the Brett Kavanaugh hearings the Senate
Judiciary Committee today voting on
Brett Cavanaugh's nomination Senator
Jeff Flake has said that he will vote in
favor of Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme
Court it looks all but assured that
Kavanaugh will enter the court it looks
also like some Democrats are going to be
peeled along with some Republicans that
mean Joe Manchin of West Virginia maybe
Heidi Heitkamp from North Dakota
it looks like Brett Kavanaugh probably
ends up on the Supreme Court by early
next week which is as it should be
because yesterday Christine Blasi Ford
gave testimony about what allegedly
happened to her 36 years ago at a party
not a single witness she has named has
verified her story from the party Brett
Kavanaugh denied it entirely and
Cavanaugh is extraordinarily fiery in
his denunciation of how the committee
had handled its business which is
perfectly appropriate remember
these accusations first came about July
30th Senator Dianne Feinstein of
California saw them she did nothing she
didn't report them to the FBI she didn't
start an investigation she didn't do
anything she didn't ask Brett Kavanaugh
a question nothing instead she just sat
on this stuff for weeks in weeks and
weeks and at the very last minute
launched the allegation in an attempt to
push this entire sham hearing beyond the
election that's all the Democrats want
here when Democrats say that they want
an FBI hearing then one an FBI
investigation what they really mean is
they want a months-long FBI
investigation that pushes them beyond
the Senate election in the desperate
hope that Republicans will lose the
majority in the Senate and then
Democrats will hold a seat open until
2021 when they hope President Trump is
defeated by Kamala Harris or Elizabeth
Warren that was their big plan here it
didn't happen yesterday and it mostly
didn't happen because Brett Kavanaugh
fought back he fought back by really
coming out strong and we'll get to the
media response to all this Democratic
response which is just egregious and
disgusting but we begin with Brett
Cavanaugh's actual comments yesterday
Brett Kavanaugh started by saying that
his life has been destroyed by the
committee has been destroyed by
allegations without a scintilla or iota
of corroborate of evidence as was
predictable and as I predicted my family
and my name have been totally and
permanently destroyed by vicious and
false additional accusations the 10-day
delay has been harmful to me and my
family
to the Supreme Court and to the country
okay so he is exactly right about all of
that and this hearing was turned into a
farce as he made clear he said this you
guys have replaced advice and consent
which would be all about the political
views of my judicial philosophy and you
replace that with search-and-destroy an
attempt to destroy my life destroy my
family and Brett Kavanaugh is exactly
right about this the reason this
resonated with so many conservatives is
for their really a couple reasons one
the media movement has been militarized
in to an allegation is made we destroy
your life not proof of an allegation not
multiple allegations not credibility of
an allegation none of that
an allegation is made we destroy your
life a mildly credible allegation is
made your life is over and there are a
lot of people conservatives and non
conservatives we're looking around and
saying that could have
- literally anyone I was talking to a
female friend last night
somebody's led a pretty rough life
actually and she was talking to me about
the fact that such accusations could be
leveraged against anyone literally
anyone I'm as I've said before the
cleanest person in American public life
when it comes to matters sexual Hey but
at one point I went over to this woman's
house with her husband for dinner she
said you know what I could say
theoretically is at you that my husband
left the room for a minute and you tried
to make a move on me right anybody can
say anything about anyone at any time
now I'm not saying that Christine
blazing Ford the accuser in this case is
completely making up the story I don't
think that she's completely making up
the story I do think that it's quite
possible that her memory is wrong but
regardless you need some sort of
corroborate of evidence and in just a
few minutes I'm gonna discuss why it's
so necessary to have corroborate of
evidence for these sorts of allegations
that's reason number one why so many
people are uncomfortable with what's
happening here reason number two why so
many people are uncomfortable with
everything that is happening here is
because for years and years and years
Republicans have been ripped as racist
sexist bigoted homophobes they have been
ripped as everything that is wrong with
society everything that is wrong with
the world and Brett Kavanaugh seems like
and his record shows him to be a
fundamentally decent person there is not
a hint not a not the mildest reference
to any sort of serious misbehavior over
the course of his life until two minutes
before he was supposed to be confirmed
for the Supreme Court and a lot of
conservatives when somebody has to stand
up in the face of this somebody has to
say no to this sort of character
assassination and Brent Cavanaugh did
that yesterday and it resonated with
people it also resonated because Brett
Kavanaugh wasn't just angry and
righteously indignant Brett Kavanaugh
demonstrated a fundamental decency even
in the midst of his anger so here was
some of his anger talking about
replacing advice and consent with
search-and-destroy this confirmation
process has become a national disgrace
the Constitution gives the Senate an
important role in the confirmation
process but you have replaced advice and
consent with search-and-destroy and of
course he's exactly right about that the
moment that really made this happen for
Kavanagh that really saved his
nomination I don't even think was him
coming out so strongly against the
committee which was perfectly a pro
rip it was when he talked about his own
family and he talked about his daughter
because this was the moment when I think
a lot of people looked at Brett
Kavanaugh and they said okay it's not
the anger is not fake be hurt and the
pain and the and the rage that he must
feel are enormous
and yet this is a guy who has the
decency to talk about with his daughter
what was going on and his daughter has
the decency to pray for the woman who's
accusing her father in his view wrongly
and and falsely of attempting to rape
her 36 years ago I intend no ill will to
dr. Ford and her family the other night
Ashley and my daughter Liza said their
prayers and little Liza all 10 years old
said to Ashley we should pray for the
woman it's a lot of wisdom from a 10
year old yeah all of this really did
save Brett Cavanaugh's nomination now
what happened next is that Lindsey
Graham came into the room and to
understand how monumental this was you
have to understand who Lindsey Graham is
the senator from South Carolina is not
exactly known for being a firebrand that
is putting it mildly Lindsey Graham is
about as milquetoast a human being as it
is possible to find a planet earth it's
one of the reasons why the Republican
base has never been fond of Lindsey
Graham they've always thought of Lindsey
Graham as the very soft-spoken gentleman
from South Carolina who sort of wanted
to go along to get along with the other
side of the aisle he voted in favor of
the nominations of Sonia Sotomayor for
the Supreme Court he voted in favor of
the nomination of justice Elena Kagan
for the Supreme Court this is a guy who
has a reputation for bipartisan work
well he came into the hearing room the
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing room
yesterday and he launched into what is
going to be seen as one of the great
all-time Senate speeches really I mean
this is one that people are gonna
remember for quite a while he launched
into Democrats and he said they have
destroyed the entire process here and it
is disgusting what they have done to
this man what you want to do is destroy
this guy's life hold this seat open and
hope you win in 2020 you said that not
me you've got nothing to apologize for
this is the most unethical sham since
I've been in politics boy y'all want
power
I hope you never get it I hope the
American people can see through this
sham that you knew about it and you help
it you had no intention of protecting
doctor for none she's as much of a
victim as you are hey it's and this was
a moment I mean it certainly was a
moment because the fact is that this was
mob justice being brought to bear
against Brett Kavanaugh and Lindsey
Graham stood up and said no there has to
be some sort of process here there has
to be some sort of corroborate of
evidence President Trump tweeted
yesterday and this was clearly I think
written by staff and was a good tweet he
said judge Cavanaugh showed America
exactly why I nominated him his
testimony was powerful honest and
riveting Democrats search-and-destroy
strategy is disgraceful and this process
has been a totally sham and effort to
delay obstruct and resist the Senate
must vote ok he's exactly right about
all this now how will the Senate vote in
the end
how will the how will the Senate vote
when it comes down to it there are some
rumors today that Joe that that Donnelly
Joe Donnelly from from Indiana who is a
Democrat is going to vote against it
there were rumors yesterday that
Donnelly was going to vote the same way
as Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Susan
Collins of Maine and Manchin of West
Virginia but none of that is clear at
this time so it is it is just not clear
at this time what is clear is that the
Democratic outrage over all of this is
just insane it is just insane Joe
philipovich who is a a feminist she's a
she wrote a book called the feminist
pursuit of happiness she literally wrote
a tweet this morning this has divorced
your Republican husband's divorce your
Republican husbands this is where the
Democrats are going their actual
implication here is that if you want
corroborate of evidence it's because you
hate women you don't care about the
accounts of women and you're fine
watching a rapist enter the Supreme
Court no one is fine watching a rapist
enter at the Supreme Court but we must
have corroborate of evidence for
allegations we can't just say that an
allegation on its own is enough to
destroy a man particularly when he gives
credible evidence on the other side it's
not that this woman it's not that clear
steam blaze before it has evidence and
then he has evidence that she has no
evidence and then he has evidence she
has no evidence every witness she says
was at the party denies that it ever
happened
denies remembering says we don't
remember this ever happening
her best friend Leland Kaiser came
forward and said that she doesn't even
know
Cavanagh and when asked about this
Christine Blasi Ford basically impeached
her own best friend say as witness
basically said my own best friend
doesn't know what she's talking about
she's a health problem I mean that's
pretty amazing stuff and we're just
going to ignore all that I also want to
talk in just a second about why
corroborate of evidence is necessary and
why the Democratic line that you must
believe all women is basically a load of
tripe we're going to talk about that in
just one second first let's talk about
the possibility of emergency I saw a
video from Indonesia today about a
tsunami hitting the ins in a small
Indonesian city is pretty shocking and
frightening and that's certainly true
emergencies can hit anywhere natural
disasters man-made emergencies and when
that happens you don't want to be left
without anything in your home you don't
want to be the guy who's trying to surf
through the streets to get to the
grocery store and the shelves are all
empty instead you should be prepared in
your home even the government says so go
check out my Patriots apply for
dependable food storage each person in
your household should have at least a
two-week emergency food supply from my
Patriot supply this week they're
offering a special price of only 75
bucks for a food kit that contains 92
servings of breakfasts lunches and
dinners call eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 or go to my special website
prepare with been calm the food lasts up
to 25 years in storage only 75 bucks
that includes a rugged tote as well
order now 888 803 1413 or prepare with
been calm that's prepared with been calm
888 803 1413 there's no power and
refrigeration fails and stores closed
you need to be prepared and your family
should be prepared as well go check it
out right now eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or prepare with
been calm so the left is basically
saying that if you don't quote unquote
believe all women this means that you're
a bad person
they don't believe all women no one
should believe all women because women
are not inherently more credible than
men they are not and victims by the way
are not always remembering things
properly so even if Christine blazing
Ford is telling the truth
we need corroborate of evidence because
there's just no way to tell there's no
way to tell it she made some statements
yesterday about the way the brain
chemistry works in the way that memory
works that are just flat-out wrong and
it's actually important to note these
things because this is why we need
corroborate of evidence this is why we
need some sort of detail we need
something that we can latch onto because
witness testimony or victim testimony
alone is not enough
it just isn't why because the data don't
back that
inertia was pointed this out yesterday
said there is no empirical evidence
supporting the gender-based political
view that women who claim to have been
sexually assaulted in alleged
acquaintance rape situations tell the
entire truth more often than men who are
accused and denied the accusation one
report from the US National Research
Council explains eyewitnesses are
notoriously unreliable quote unknown to
the individual memories are forgotten
reconstructed updated and distorted
Elizabeth Loftus who's a psychologist at
University of Washington says memories
are quote more easily modified for
instance when the passage of time allows
the original memory to fade
yes 36 years later false memories are
quote constructed by combining actual
memories but the content of suggestions
received from others in a small-scale
study the Loftus perform fully 25
percent of respondents remembered false
events constructed for them what about
the notion that Ford was promoting that
indelible impressions are left when you
experience a trauma research doesn't
back that idea according to a well cited
paper in nature findings from basic
psychological research and neuroscience
studies indicate memory is a
reconstructive process that is
susceptible to distortion furthermore
the commonly held belief among the
general public that an eyewitness's
confidence in the accuracy of his or her
memory is a strong indicator in the
actual accuracy of the memory is a myth
it's just not true it's not true that
because you believe that you're
remembering something accurately you are
actually believing something you're
remembering something accurately now
again maybe Ford is remembering this
accurately I don't know but you don't
know either and to simply say that
kristinb lazy Ford's memory is enough to
impeach and get rid of and destroy the
life of Judge Cavanaugh requires you to
throw out due process entirely that's
what it requires it requires an end to
due process and listen
Democrats were never interested in due
process from the very start of this they
were not interested at any point at any
point in due process and you can the
proof was in the pudding and so
Democrats in the committee hearing
yesterday were just abysmal first of all
if you thought this wasn't a circus if
you thought that this was folks taking
things seriously
why was Alyssa Milano there there were
only about 35 seats in the audience
apparently and yet right behind Brett
Kavanaugh there was actress Alyssa
Milano from charmed there she was
sitting right behind Brett Kavanaugh
look at her and she was sitting there
making faces the entire time on camera
behind Brett Kavanaugh why was she there
because
an feinstein invited her the same woman
who quote-unquote did not leak christine
