it's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing
day for Christine Blasi Ford one of
Brett Kavanaugh as accusers and Brett
Kavanaugh will testify as well so that's
all that matters today I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh yes we will go wall-to-wall with all
of the latest suffice it to say this is
not going well for Republicans I will
explain why for all the reasons it is
not going well also what the actual
hearings should have been designed to do
and what they actually were not designed
to do we'll get to all of that in just
one second first if it feels like can
you drink you're not alone okay the
reality is that on a daily like that's
pretty much all of us especially in this
business need a drink and if you
actually would like a drink of something
good you should go out and check out our
friends over at wink wink makes it easy
to discover great wines well we've taken
a little bit of time to bring ourselves
out from the New Year if you want to you
know go back to drinking now's the time
to do it go check it out with wink wink
swine experts electrons match to your
taste personalized for you shipped right
to your door starting just 13 bucks a
bottle there's nothing like coming home
to a bottle of delicious wink wine
selected just for you and they they have
this thing called the palate profile
quiz and ask you simple questions like
do you like blueberries or how do you
take your coffee and then they give you
wine recommendations based on that folks
around the offices have have had taste
tests of the wine and they loved it
I mean so much so that they are not
usable the rest of the day after these
taste tests but you can go check out
wink calm right now it's try wink calm
slash Ben T ry winc comm slash Ben and
when you use that slash Ben you get $20
off your first shipment which is a
pretty solid deal try blink comm slash
Ben wing sends wines curated to your
taste each month there are new delicious
wines there's no membership fees you can
skip any month you can cancel anytime
and shipping is covered so pretty solids
you'll go check it out right now
tri wink comm slash Ben for $20 off okay
well today is of course the big hearing
day and today is the day in which the
Senate Judiciary Committee after at long
last interviewed kristinb lazy Ford who
is the first accuser against Brett
Kavanaugh now to stop for just a second
before we actually get into the
accusations that kristinb lazy Ford made
we should recognize that there been a
number of allegations have been made and
I want to go through them this is the
one that matters kristinb lazy Fords is
the one that matters because it is the
most credible and it's the most credible
because it is the one that that rings
the truest there's still questions about
it and this is the problem for
Republicans from the very outset it was
unclear what Republicans were attempting
to argue about these allegations were
they arguing that kristinb lazy Ford was
lying I for one never argued that
kristinb lazy Ford was lying I always
believed that she sort of believed what
she believed she'd come forward with
these allegations before
at Cavanaugh was even selected for the
Supreme Court when he was just on the
shortlist and there's evidence that she
had talked about it back in 2012 I was
never somebody who suggested a christine
Blasi Ford was lying I questioned
whether her memories might not have been
correct because memories change over 30
years I questioned whether more
importantly the evidence was sufficient
to knock Brett Kavanaugh out and this
was always the big question the big
question to me was is an allegation
alone no matter how credible without any
corroborating evidence whatsoever is
that enough to stop a nomination that's
really the question because no matter
how credible witness is it's going to be
he said she said if they're the only
people in the room and in this
particular case christine Blasi Ford had
suggested there were other people at a
party when she was 15 and Brett
Kavanaugh was 17 she says that at that
party Cavanaugh and his friend Mark
judge forced her into a room turned up
the music and Cavanaugh forced her onto
a bed where he attempted to take off her
clothes and then placed his hand over
her mouth when she tried to scream
there's no other witness that has
verified this count mark judge has
denied it I think he should be
subpoenaed but mark judge denied it
Brett Kavanaugh denied it she says there
were other people at the party we'll get
into her specific allegations in a
moment including one of her close
friends who has denied that she was at
any party where's Brett Kavanaugh so
there is no corroborating evidence we
don't know date we don't know location
we don't know time we don't know how she
got there
so even if she is telling the absolute
truth there is no way to actually
corroborate any of her story the reason
that matters is because this was
happening in a quasi public setting
there should be some corroborating
detail if you look at situations
involving Bill Cosby or Harvey Weinstein
there are ways that you can corroborate
at least that people are telling the
story at the time as I mentioned on the
show when I was in high school I I've
said 15 but I believe I was actually 13
or 14 because it was my sophomore year
of high school when I was in high school
I was abused by some kids in my class I
remember where it was I remember who the
kids were and I should be able to lock
down the date if I just look at a
yearbook or look back at a calendar and
I can find people to corroborate the
story
there's no corroborating evidence here
and Blasi Ford has been unable to really
corroborate any of that now does that
mean she's lying no it doesn't mean
she's lying it doesn't mean she's lying
at all and so what this comes down to is
is the allegation itself enough if you
believe the allegation itself is enough
all that mattered today from the hearing
is that Blasi Ford was emotional when
she spoke about this because she
obviously experienced a trauma and
Experian
Payne both of which I believe by the way
I believe that she did experience some
trauma and she is experiencing pain I
don't doubt any of that but the question
becomes without any other corroborating
evidence is that enough and so that's
just made today basically a sort of
public assessment of her performance was
her performance credible was her
performance believable was her
performance emotional which is kind of
gross I mean that is kind of gross the
fact that the public question was going
to come down to how well could this
alleged attempted rape victim tell her
story because in that sense if she had
been more robotic would we not have
believed her if she'd come off a little
bit less collected would we not have
believed her if she had not come across
emotional would we not have believed her
and those are uncomfortable questions
but that's why Republicans never should
have gotten into this line of
questioning in the first place the
question all we should have been listen
even if we believe your story
there's no corroborating evidence and we
have a denial on the other side that
means that there is some burden of proof
to come forward with some form of
corroborating evidence and he just
haven't supplied that because
Republicans didn't do that the hearing
turned into his christine Blasi Ford a
credible witness
is she a believable witness and what
you'll see is a lot of folks on the
right saying she's not credible she's
not believable because her memory was
skewed in other areas but her contention
and I think it's not a completely unfair
contention is well I may not have
remembered the actual date of this
happening but I certainly remember the
feeling and being pushed down on a bed
having a guy jump on top of me put his
hand over her mouth and I remember his
face that's not that's not in an
incredible suggestion it's not not
incredible and that's that's relatively
credible when bad things happen in your
life you remember the specific bad thing
that happened in your life you don't
necessarily remember well the
surrounding circumstances the problem is
there's no way for us to adjudicate
whether her memory is faulty or not
because there's no corroborating
evidence okay so that's Christine Blasi
Ford I wanted to mention these other
allegations to demonstrate that not
every allegation necessarily ought to be
believed just on the basis of the
allegation so Debra Martinez I've said
in a piece in The New Yorker earlier
this week on Sunday The New Yorker
reported that Martinez had alleged that
Kavanagh thrust his penis in her face at
a frat party at which he was drinking
while he was at Yale University but the
New Yorker piece is extraordinarily weak
according to the publication she was
hesitant to speak publicly because quote
her memories contained gaps
because she had been drinking at the
time of the alleged incident and she was
quote-unquote reluctant to characterize
Cavanaugh's role in the alleged incident
with certainty so even she says that she
didn't know what happened this
particular accuser only after and the
direct quote from The New Yorker six
days of carefully assessing her memories
and consulting with her attorneys that
she decided to come forward no
corroborating witnesses have come
forward then yesterday there's an
accusation made by Julie sweat Nick
who's a woman brought forward by Michael
avenatti the lawyer for stormy Daniels
and 2020 Democratic candidate for
president and according to her sworn
declaration she saw Kavanaugh get drunk
in high school and then groped girls
against their will as well as spiking
punch with quaaludes and alcohol and
participating in a gang rape line at
multiple parties that's her description
sweat Nick says she went to
approximately ten parties at which such
events took place
so his Debora Ramirez not Martinez sweat
Nick says she went to ten parties at
which such activities took place
she says she was the victim of such a
gang rape but is unclear in her
declaration whether Kavanagh
participated a vinod he refuses to
answer simple questions on her behalf he
has not made her available to testify
she says there are other witnesses but
none have come forward so again in
accusation with no corroborating
evidence the New York Times put a kindly
quote none of Miss sweat Nick's claims
could be independently corroborated by
the New York Times and her lawyer
Michael avenatti declines make her
available for an interview and then late
on Wednesday afternoon a fourth
allegation came for this was from NBC
News reporting that the Senate Judiciary
Committee was inquiring about another
allegation of misconduct they reported
that an anonymous woman said that her
daughter's friend was physically
assaulted by Kavanagh in a Washington DC
area bar while he was drunk she said
when they left the bar under the
influence of alcohol they were all
shocked when Kavanagh shoved her friend
up against the wall very aggressively
and sexually there were at least four
witnesses including my daughter the
daughter has not come forward the woman
has not come forward none of the
witnesses have come forward
so another uncorroborated in this case
anonymous allegation made against Brett
Kavanaugh now maybe Kavanagh did some of
this maybe he did none of this we don't
know any of those questions what is
certainly true is that there is not a
court of law
in the United States civil or criminal
that would either convict or punish
based on just the allegations alone
there's no way to do that so is it in a
country where there is due process it
seems to me that an allegation alone
should not be enough to support the
destruction
of a man's life and a man's career no
matter how credible the person telling
the story and this is what Republicans
failed to say in the lead up to this
hearing instead the narrative was put
out there that maybe she was lying or
maybe she was politically motivated but
that was never the question we live in a
system where due process actually
matters and that due process doesn't
necessarily apply in the court of public
opinion but if we're gonna be
intellectually honest about how we
actually assess situations we have to
have something beyond a mere allegation
maybe it's that there are multiple
allegations and all the allegations have
similar elements is in the Bill Cosby or
Harvey Weinstein cases maybe it's that
there's corroborating evidence that some
of this stuff happened as with Roy Moore
but an allegation alone it seems to me
is really weak sauce and if that had
been the case nothing in the hearing
with Christine Blasi formed have changed
anything today nothing would have
changed anything because not only did
she not provide any corroborating
evidence what she actually showed is
that the only memory she seems to hold
clearly is the actual incident itself
with Cavanaugh everything else her
memory seems particularly hazy and again
that doesn't answer whether this
happened or not and it doesn't even
answer whether she is correctly
remembering what happened with Cavanaugh
or not what it is suggesting is that
memory itself is variable and not only
that it suggests that without any other
corroborating evidence which he actually
weakened today wrenchy weakens the
possibility of corroborating evidence
today should not strengthen the
possibility of corroborating evidence
nothing she said today brought
additional evidence to the table it was
just her telling her story in her words
so you have to ask yourself what changed
between yesterday and today
last night she put forward her actual
statement her statement was written it
was very similar to what she had told
the newspapers it's very similar to what
she had said in a letter to Diane
Feinstein and representative in
California named and eschew none of that
changed the only thing that changed is
that we actually put a face to the
accusation if that's the case then what
we really had today was an emotional
appeal and listen I felt the emotional
appeal to because it's hard not to watch
a woman who's experiencing pain that she
attributes to a dire trauma right to an
incident that any of us would have
responded with fury to and say okay well
that's that's now more credible but is
it more credible because she said it out
loud is it more as opposed to credible
doesn't provide any level of objective
verification of the events she speaks of
because she set it out loud I don't
think so
I don't think so and if it does you have
to ask yourself what exactly changed
what exactly changed now this was a loss
for Republicans and I'll explain why it
was a loss for Republicans in just a
second but first let's talk about your
sleep quality there's nobody on the
planet like you so why would you buy a
generic mattress built for anyone else
Hewlett sleep has built a sleep quiz
that takes two minutes to complete they
use the answers to match your body type
and sleep preferences to the perfect
mattress whether you're a side sleeper
or a hot sleeper whether you like a
plush or a firm bed with helix there's
no more guessing at no more confusion
just go to helix sleep calm /ban take
their two minutes sleep quiz and they
will match you to a mattress that will
give you the best sleep of your life
I've taken the sleep quiz with my wife
we order the mattress it came in the
mail you unwrap it it's just inflates in
front of you pop it on the bed friend
you're good to go I got one for my
sister for a wedding because the
mattresses are just that comfortable
couples can even have each side tailored
for your particular sleep preferences
they have a 10-year warranty and you get
to try it out for a hundred nights risk
freeze there really is nothing to lose
right now helix is offering up to 125
bucks off all mattress orders get up to
125 bucks off at helix sleep calm slash
Ben that's helix sleep calm slash Ben
for 125 dollars off your mattress order
again helix sleep calm slash Ben go
check it out their mattresses are
supremely comfortable and again tailored
specifically to use so you're getting a
tailored mattress made just for you
helix sleep calm slash been used the
slash pen to let them know we sent you
and get a hundred and twenty five bucks
off your mattress order okay so back to
what this set up for the hearing what
Democrats wanted out of the hearing was
something very simple a binary she's
lying or she's not lying
that was the binary and Democrats said
we believe her she's not lying and what
they're hoping to do by that is suggest
that anyone who didn't believe her was
there for a sexist and doesn't believe
doesn't believe women who are credible
but that really wasn't the question
again the question for this hearing
should have been even if you believe she
is not lying our allegations without any
corroborating evidence whatsoever none
zero zilch any corroborating evidence
are those allegations enough to finish a
guy's career that's how Republicans
should have played this they should have
said we don't know whether to believe
her or not
we may find her credible but we can't
have a standard of evidence in this
country where people are denied a career
and a life based on unverifiable and
unverified allegations from a vague time
in the past where there should be public
witnesses in there are not
that's what Republicans should have been
arguing instead they allowed Democrats
to turn this into is she believable at
her she's not and the answer is yeah
she's believable there's nothing about
her that suggests that she's not
believable like listen to her tell her
story so here is four she told her story
and what you'll see is that Republicans
had appointed a woman named Mitchell to
who's a prosecutor to question her and
and this woman basically went after the
fact that Blasi Ford's memory has lots
of holes in different places but Blasi
for basically defeats all of those
attempts with a simple statement which
is I may not remember everything else in
my life but I remember that time the guy
jumped on top of me put his hand on my
mouth and tried to rape me right that's
all she had to say
it takes everything else off the table
if Republicans had said before that
listen it sounds like what happened to
you was awful but we have a guy over
here who denies it you've provided no
other evidence and then they'd asked her
okay well you can't provide any other
evidence can you help us can you help us
establish another chain of evidence
if Republicans had done that then maybe
this turns into something else instead
what it turned into is we're supposed to
doubt her because of various questions
about her her history of flying or were
supposed to doubt her because she has
not been completely forthcoming about
her polygraph or stuff like that they're
