the Senate Judiciary Committee uncovers
a very weird letter from the Obama
administration to the Obama
administration plus is what Conda real
will discuss all of the glories of
wakanda the greatest place in the
universe I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
okay so we do have a lot to get to today
I'm gonna talk about the Senate
Judiciary Committee letter about another
email from Obama National Security
Advisor Susan Rice I'm gonna go through
that in detail the Robin Porter fallout
continues the media continues to worship
at the altar of North Korea and go crazy
over tweets from a New York Times writer
but I'm going and I definitely will talk
about that kind of stuff because
everybody is going nuts over Wakanda a
place that does not exist has not
existed and will never exist but
apparently is the great aspiration for
black people across the planet or some
such we'll discuss all of those things
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsor is over at ring.com
so you've heard me talk about rings
innovative home security cameras camera
devices for a while they've been sending
us actual footage of ring busting crooks
in the act and here's one that I wanted
to share with you this is all just in
good fun this is a fellow trying to
break into a house and then you can see
how it all goes wrong because ring comm
is there to thwart his attempts Hey
leave my house I'm calling the police
okay what you need to do exams my house
stops now or I'm calling the police why
would you tell me that because you're
trying to push my door in leave now I'm
calling police okay he was not in fact
the police the police came
that's what ring.com does for you if
you're not home a I'm not sure even if
the homeowner was home here you can know
right away as soon as somebody brings on
the doorbell or knocks at the door you
get as soon as someone hits that ring
button you know on your app whether
someone is at your front door or not you
can talk directly to them you can call
the police you can use the ring spot
like him if you have that to do this at
night and obviously look this guy was a
nut job but very often when people are
breaking to your house they bring the
doorbell first to make sure that you're
not home and then they break into your
house well that's what ringing stops
when you can see what's going on at your
front door you can really stop crime and
it's pretty empowering with the ring
floodlight and spotlight cans you can
build a ring of security around your
entire property ring lets you protect
your home no matter where you are so I'm
3,000 miles away I still know when
somebody is driving up to my house you
can share your clips to help keep your
neighbors on the lookout for suspicious
activity thieves can
hide with ring stop crime before it
happens make your neighborhood safer
with ring save up to 150 bucks on a ring
of security kit at ring comm / Ben
that's ring comm / Ben again $150 off
that ring of security can't when I go to
ring comm / Ben who knows it could be
you featured in this video hopefully no
one tries to break into your house but
if they do you're gonna be happy that
you had ring comm and they use / Ben to
get your one hundred and fifty dollar
discount as well as letting them know
that we sent you alrighty so we begin
today with a little covered story that
is actually I think could be a big story
we don't know enough yet - no but we
will we'll find out I think pretty soon
Sun Monday the Senate Judiciary
Committee Senators Charles Grassley and
Lindsey Graham sent a letter to former
Obama national security adviser Susan
Rice and they asked her to explain an
email that she actually sent to herself
on the last day of the Obama
administration so January 20th they're
all getting ready to go the inauguration
and Susan Rice is at her keyboard typing
out an email to Susan Rice what exactly
is in this email well it explained that
President Obama had held a briefing on
January 5th regarding a supposed trump
brush of collusion so according to the
letter from Grassley and Graham - rice
says if the time stamp is correct you
sent this email to yourself at 12:15
p.m.
presumably a very short time before he
departed the White House for the last
time in this email to yourself you
purport to documents a meeting that had
taken place more than two weeks before
On January 5th 2017 it's like the last
minute she's in the White House she's
sending herself an email about a meeting
that was held in the White House
between James Comey the the then FBI
director the Deputy Attorney General
Sally Yates both of these people have
been fired or gone from the Trump
administration Vice President Biden was
present and Susan Rice was president and
President Obama was present so what
actually happened at this meeting
according to the email that Susan Rice
sent to Susan Rice says this quote on
January 5th
following a briefing by I see leadership
intelligence community leadership on
Russian hacking during the 2016
presidential election President Obama
had a brief follow-on conversation with
FBI director Jim Comey and Deputy
Attorney General Sally Yates in the Oval
Office
Vice President Biden and I were also
present President Obama began the
conversation by stressing his continued
commitment to ensuring that every aspect
of this issue is handled by the
intelligence and law enforcement
communities quote unquote by the book
the president stressed he is not asking
about initiating or instructing anything
from a law enforcement perspective he
reiterated there are lawn
foresman team needs to proceed as it
normally would by the book that's twice
she says by the book from a national
security perspective however President
Obama said he wants to be sure that as
we engage with the incoming team we are
mindful to ascertain if there is any
reason that we cannot share information
fully as it relates to Russia the
president asked Comey to inform him if
anything changes in the next few weeks
that should affect how we share
classified information with the incoming
team and Comey said that he would so
they're a bunch of things about this
email that Rice sent to Rice that should
be disturbing first of all why was she
sending a memo to herself the only
reason that you send a memo to yourself
legally speaking as a lawyer the only
reason you do that is to create a paper
trail so she wanted a paper trail
suggesting that this meeting was totally
hunky-dory which is why it says twice in
the email that this was all happening
quote/unquote by the book that in and of
itself is suspicious second how exactly
would Obama have planned to prevent the
intelligence community from handing over
information to the incoming commander in
chief I mean that's disturbing stuff we
talked about violation of presidential
norms well one of the presidential norms
is not just norms what is the law is
that when the chief executive comes in
when the commander-in-chief enters he
now has access to all the classified
materials but here is Obama saying to
Comey tell me what I should not tell the
President of the United States the
president-elect of the United States
tell me what I should not tell him the
implication being that the outgoing
administration was going to hide
information about the incoming
administration from the incoming
administration with regard to
quote-unquote Trump Russia collusion reg
Trump has full constitutional power over
the executive branch including the IC
but Obama said you might want to prevent
the full sharing of information
regarding Russia I mean talking about
violation of North shift the names here
and then imagine the fallout
imagine that George W Bush in the last
days of his administration had had into
his office the heads of his intelligence
community and Vice President Cheney and
he said to them listen I'm very
suspicious of this Obama guy it seems
like he has a lot of conflicting
feelings about the United States what if
we just don't give him all the
information what if we just keep that
hidden people would say well that's
insane I mean he's the president-elect
of the United States you can't do that
the President of the United States has
owed this information and yet that's
apparently exactly what Obama was
talking about third Obama said he didn't
want to interfere with anything from a
law enforcement perspective but how
about from an intelligence-gathering
perspective so Andy McCarthy over at
National Review has been aces on this
he says since the beginning there's been
a major distinction people have missed
between the Muller investigation as a
counterintelligence investigation and
the Muller investigation as a criminal
investigation these are not the same
thing a counterintelligence
investigation is an investigation where
you're attempting to determine if
someone's trying to influence our
elections if somebody in the United
States is maybe working with those
people but it is not a criminal
investigation in the sense that you need
to gather evidence for possible
prosecution well Obama seems to be
making the same distinction he's not
saying we're gonna prosecute anyone from
the Trump administration he is saying
that we're in the middle of a
counterintelligence investigation and
maybe that means that we shouldn't hand
over information to Trump so Grassley
and Graham asked a series of questions
that do deserve answers from Susan Rice
she's not famous for giving forthright
answers to certain questions
some of these questions why did Rice
send the email in the first place when
was she aware of the Trump Russia
collusion investigation because if this
meeting was about the Trump Russia
collusion investigation they were using
that as an excuse not to hand over
information to Trump and team that's a
problem and was Susan Rice aware of the
FISA warrants on Carter page was the
Obama administration using a thin a
thinly obtained FISA warrant on kyra
page in order to target the Trump
administration for future for future
curbs on their intelligence gathering
did Co me or Yates mention any media
coverage of the Steele dossier was Susan
Rice aware of the Steele dossier were
there any more meetings of this sort you
know we don't know the answers to any of
these questions but we better get the
answers to some of these questions
because this is a violation of serious
norms we keep hearing over and over
again then the Trump administration has
breached on this is not normal we hear
that all the time and listen I'm the
first to say when I think something that
is not normal is going on I don't think
that it's normal to have this level of
turnover in the White House in the first
year I don't think that it's normal the
President of the United States to say
what he said after charlottesville not
for him to suggest that he doesn't want
Haitian immigrants I don't think that
it's normal for the presidents of the
United States making excuses for an
alleged child molester in Alabama or for
him to suggest that a guy on his own
staff who's there's evidence of
wife-beating that that guy says he's
innocent and therefore met right I don't
think that any of that is normal but if
we're gonna talk about breaches of
normality that actually go to the heart
of the system this is one of them for
all the talk about Trump being the
incipient tyrant the hit layering and
figure who is going to come in and
overthrow all constitutional boundaries
just destroy the constant
and piece by piece that's not what's
happened the normans that trump has
destroyed have been norms of behavior
that's bad right but stuff that I don't
like because a lot of those norms I
think are good but if you're talking
about who perverted institutions the
Obama administration perverted
institutions far more than the Trump
administration has I mean this is the
Obama administration had an attorney
general who now us to talk about running
for president who called himself the
President of the United States his
wingman the Obama administration
militarized the IRS for use against
conservative nonprofits the IRS had to
apologise for that just in recent months
the Obama administration used the HHS as
a center of corruption under Kathleen
Sebelius the Obama administration was
utilizing the FBI in order to let
Hillary Clinton off the hook right the
Obama administration corrupted
institution after institution so when we
talk about violation of norms that's
where we should start
you know everybody's focused on on the
shiny object of the silliness of some of
the stuff happening inside the Trump
administration when we talk about norms
that have been destroyed and violated
that's that's not begin with Trump Trump
is a response to violation of norms and
the American public's had fine you want
to violate some norms we will violate
all norms how about that and ironically
the norms that have been reinstated are
those constitutional checks and balances
the norms that have been broken are the
cultural taboos that in many cases
probably should have stood in the first
place and none of that is good now in
this in a few minutes I'm gonna talk
about some of the norms that have been
violated by the Trump administration and
one that has not been violated but the
media are looking for an excuse to say
that that has been violated but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at LegalZoom so small business is a
hot topic this year that means the
national business month and LegalZoom is
coming at just the right time look your
business is starting to boom the economy
is doing well and now you're in growth
mode well that means you better get
paper topic as a lawyer I'm just telling
you you need to make sure that
everything is covered you do not have
time or money to waste on bad contracts
you do not have time or money to waste
when it comes to making a will or a
living trust right you need to make sure
that you are covered and that's what
Legal Zoom is for the new tax law
includes the most significant changes
for business owners in the last 30 years
LegalZoom can help you understand what
that means for you they're not a law
firm they have a network of independent
tax professionals and attorneys to
answer your questions about taxes and
everything else LegalZoom understands
you need to tap right into the resources
to run a success
business which is why they are using
their 16 years of experience to provide
business owners with the tools to start
and run the business the right way it's
pretty amazing I mean I remember when
LegalZoom was just Wells in trust and
now they've got legal advice that's
available through their network of
professionals meaning keep listening
over the next few weeks and find out how
LegalZoom can help you during national
small business month and you're not
gonna want to miss out in the meantime
check out legalzoom.com today got
special savings when you enter been in
the referral box to check out there's a
referral box that pops up check been
right and sir been there and you get
some special savings Legal Zoom is where
life meets legal legalzoom.com I've been
using Legal Zoom for years long before
they were an advertiser they're a
fantastic service and they're only
getting better and more sophisticated as
time goes on legalzoom.com for all your
legal needs and check been in the
referral box at checkout for some
special savings as well okay so the
media while they they haven't been
focusing on the violation of
institutional norms by the Obama
administration they're focusing in on
supposed breaches of protocol by the
Trump administration well some of those
breaches are actual breaches like why
was Omarosa working in the Trump
administration so Omarosa Manigault was
on the apprentice fired three times and
then Trump hired her for the White House
and then fired her again and now she's
on Celebrity Big Brother where
apparently there are rumors that she was
slipping out of her robe I haven't
actually watched the show so and now I
have no desire to do so
but amarosa actually on the show last
night she ripped into Mike Pence could I
just say this as bad as I think Trump
you would be worried about pence
everybody that's wishing for their life
we would be begging for days of Trump
back if pence became president that's
all okay the violation of norms that
went on here is why in the hell was this
woman anywhere near power she was a
celebrity reality TV contestant and then
she was ousted and now she's back on
Celebrity reality TV I mean there's a
hell of a career arc to go from reality
TV to the White House and back to
reality TV just spectacular
but is that violation of presidential
norms severely damaging to the United
States in the same way as say a prior
administration refusing to hand over
intelligence data I don't think so and
the media have been attempting to spot
violations of norms in every nook and
cranny every everywhere there are
violations of norton's this is not
normal this is what they're constantly
saying so yesterday for example they
decided to jump on Jeff Sessions the
Attorney General Attorney General
Sessions I think has overall been doing
a fine job and attorney General Sessions
was giving a speech about the sheriff's
office and here's what he had to say
since our founding they independently
elected sheriff has been the people's
protector who keeps law enforcement
close to and accountable to people
through the elective process the office
of sheriff is a critical part of the
Anglo American heritage of law
enforcement okay so everyone everyone
jumped on that phrase the Anglo American
heritage of law enforcement oh he's
saying white people ooh
controversy he's saying white people
brian schatz the idiotic senator from
Hawaii IQ of seven he says do you know
anyone who's has Anglo American heritage
in a sentence what could possibly be the
purpose of saying that other than to pit
americans against each other for the
chief law enforcement officer to use a
dog whistle like that is appalling best
no vote I ever cast okay this is as
Charles Cook says over a national review
politely this is this is moronic okay
this is idiotic the Anglo American
heritage of law enforcement and the
Anglo American heritage of America's
legal system has been commented on by
virtually every president it springs all
the way back to you globally back to
William Blackstone which was used as the
basis for a lot of American law and
British common law was the basis for a
lot of American law here's senator here
senator Obama in 2006 before who's
president talk about habeas corpus quote
I sincerely hope we can protect what has
been called the great
a right that has been in place in the
anglo-american legal system for over 700
years clearly Barack Obama was a racist
in 2008 during the campaign quote
