I'm Keith Olbermann and this is the
resistance yesterday we received a
magnificent present a present so large
so impressive so monumental as to boggle
the mind and set the heart aflutter yes
my friends we are well on our way to
seeing the usurper Trump brought low to
seeing the restoration of this Republic
to seeing I think the greatest collapse
of our lifetime because you see Special
Counsel Robert Mueller has uncovered a
scandal the likes of which make
Watergate seem like child's play this
evidence shows that Donald J Trump is
more dangerous than Hitler more
dangerous than Stalin more dangerous
than that mobile pet spud somehow used
the wrong shampoo on my cat fluffy
leaving her less cuddly than usual and
reducing me to a quivering ball of
humanity lying prone in my home tears
and urine now you may say that Mueller's
indictment of Paul Manafort Trump's
former campaign manager says nothing
about Trump or his campaign but you do
not have the depth of intellect that
earned me entrance to the prestigious
Cornell College of Agriculture and life
sciences you do not have the nuance to
understand that Mueller just put the
final nail into Trump's political grave
no one does
no one did it ESPN no one did at MSNBC
no one did it Fox sports nut no one did
it espn2
no one did it Current TV it took me a
lifetime to find the political geniuses
at GQ but they understand me and love me
as I deserve to be loved as I deserve to
be loved Donald J Trump you sir are a
liar you sir are a buffoon you sir are
the kind of human being for whom decency
means nothing and for whom the world is
merely a whorehouse of refuse and trash
that somehow turns me on and yet
simultaneously repulses me suffice it to
say Donald J Trump is on his way out to
the big house to the slammer to the
hoosegow to the calaboose to the pokey
to sing-sing and Robert Mueller with my
help and God's will will put him there
if you wish to purchase my new book
Keith is effing crazy this is not a joke
go on over to Amazon now I know there
some criticizing me for mocking Tommy
Lehren I said the Tommy Lehren misused
the flag and some look at my book cover
and say well Keith you also misuse the
flag
I am the flag the flag me the same
amazing resist remove peace i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show ok
so i couldn't all get through i think
through that whole thing without
laughing sorry about that folks but
there is your keith olbermann
impersonation for a halloween hope you
enjoyed it as much as i did writing it
and reading it probably not but tough
it's my show so we have a lot to get to
today we are going to be discussing the
fallout from the amana ford indictment
and from the george papadapolis
capitalist in indictment and he actually
made a plea bargain i'm gonna talk about
whether Trump is gonna be tempted into
firing Robert Mueller the special
counsel I think that would be a very
large mistake we're gonna get to all of
that plus I want to talk a little bit at
length about this insane ad that I
mentioned yesterday from a Latino
victory caucus in Virginia against Ed
Gillespie the Republican candidate for
Virginia governor but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
bull and branch so one of the things
that you actually should spend some
money on is the is the sheet set that
you use to sleep because you're going to
spend in an ordinate number of hours
tonight trying to sleep and tossing and
turning around in those uncomfortable
old bed sheets that's where Boleyn
branch comes in bull and branch makes
the most affordable and high quality
sheets that you can buy they are made
from 100% organic cotton that means bull
and bran sheets not only feel incredible
they also look amazing and they sell
exclusively on lines that means you're
not paying the expensive retail markup
half the price for twice the quality you
will love the sheets try them for full
enough for 30 nights and see for
yourself how much you like them if you
don't like them then you can always
return them for a full refund so it's a
risk-free proposition go to bull and
branch calm today you'll get $50 off
your first set of sheets plus free
shipping when you use promo code Ben
again these sheets are so good that I
will not buy any other type of sheets
acceptable and branch from my own family
as $50 off plus free shipping right now
at bull and branch calm that's bol el
and branch calm promo code Bennigan's
bull and branch calm promo code Ben okay
so I actually want to star
today with the ad that I talked briefly
about yesterday
from the Latino victory caucus in
Virginia and for those who missed it I
want to play it because this is I think
the worst political ad I have ever seen
in my life I mean I think this makes the
Daisy ad the famous days yet from 1964
where LBJ essentially accused Barry
Goldwater of wanting to get the United
States Newt it makes that ad look like
nothing I mean this is really an
egregious ad so for those who can't see
you're about to see a bunch of minority
children who are who are running away
from a truck that has on it a
confederate flag they don't tread on me
license plate and an Ed Gillespie bumper
sticker because the truck is going to
run them over because it's a white
supremacist seeking to kill minority
children
[Music]
[Music]
so Latino kid stops and then he sees an
asian kid and then both of them start
running because here comes that truck
again
ed gillespie bumper sticker on it every
racially diverse child in Virginia is on
this block and here they've been running
away from the from the truck and oh no
they've run into a dead end the truck
suddenly it's night and the headlights
come up and all the kids wake up from
their terrible dream is this what Donald
Trump and Ed Gillespie meet and then
it's a picture of the people of the
parents watching the Charlottesville
hate rally and says reject hate vote
November reject hate vote November 7th
and paid for a Latino victory fund it's
not authorized by the candidate but
obviously the candidate did not condemn
it the reason that I'm playing this ad
again is because it really does speak to
the insanity that has now engulfed huge
parts of the left you know the great
conflicts in American history have
largely been driven not just by
political differences but by the feeling
that those political differences are not
are not where we are unable to overcome
those political differences that we hate
each other right there the actual hate
in this ad is not from Ed Gillespie
right the actual hate in this ad is from
this Latino victory fund it's from the
campaign for Ralph Northam who actually
you know if he didn't give the go-ahead
to the ad which would've been illegal he
obviously hasn't condemned the ad and
there was another mailer that actually
went out from the northern campaign
endorsed by the northern campaign
linking again Ed Gillespie
to what happened in Charlottesville
Virginia it's really pretty horrific
stuff when when I read Federalist one
yesterday and I talked about how
Alexander Hamilton had specifically
cited the idea that in politics you have
to assume the best intentions on the
part of your opponent if you want to
convince them we're no longer in the age
of convincing we're now in the age of
getting out your base and I think that
that's a political truism I think that
people missed that in 2012 but in 2016 I
think people got that that it was all
about getting out the base no more was
it no one was trying to appeal to the
median voter now it's just about getting
out the people who already like you and
the best way to get them out is to
essentially say that your opponent is
evil and horrible and nasty and terrible
but if you do this too much if you rely
on this tactic too much you actually end
up telling Americans that the people
that they live with in their same
community are evil horrible nasty
brutish people and if you do that it's
very hard to put the country back
together again because I can have
conversations with people with whom I
disagree I do it all the time for a
living I do it all the time casually I
live in LA I mean this stuff happens but
I don't actually think the people I live
with in LA and the individuals with whom
I speak are nasty horrible people I
think they may believe bad things that
are bad but I don't believe they're
nasty evil people this ad essentially
suggests that people who disagree with
you are nasty evil people again it falls
into the intersectional politics you
want you want an example of
intersectional politics at its finest
this is the example of intersectional
politics at its finest right this idea
that you're gonna have all of these
various minority groups and they're all
running away from the evil white
majority that is chasing them down on
streets it's it's really a horrific ad
and that's not the only evidence that we
have of that over the last 24 hours
Elliot Hamilton reporter for Daily wire
he got ahold of an email that was issued
by a woman apparently named Madeline
leader she is the head of data services
for the technology department at the DNC
and she wrote this letter she was trying
to search people out for four jobs she
said a bit more than just the messenger
here but we in the technology department
here at the DNC are looking to hire for
the following positions and then she
lists a bunch of positions then she says
as you may have heard we are rebuilding
the technology team into a robust
well-oiled machine that can tackle all
elections from the presidential down to
dog catcher and school board what's more
important is that we are focused on
hiring and maintaining a staff of
diverse voices and life experiences
something that we desperately need if we
hope to secure the future of our
countries and they're not just trying to
hire a data science lead or a full stack
engineer or a product designer they're
trying to hire a staff of diverse voices
and life experiences because you know
when your computer crashes what you
really need is somebody coming in and
explaining to you how they grew up poor
in in an inner city that's that's really
really important I know in my computer
crashes the first thing I do when I call
our IT guy is I say to him please tell
me the story of your life and how you're
diverse experiences have led you to the
point where you can fix my mac no that's
not how any of this works but that's how
I'm the bad part here's what the email
apparently says according madellaine
leader again the data the the Democratic
National Committee data service manager
who gave in no comments daily wire when
we asked her about it she said please
let me know if you have any questions or
concerns and feel free to for it on to
your contacts I personally would prefer
that you not forward to cisgender
straight white males since they're
already in the majority
she says straight out in the email that
she doesn't want this email forwarded to
people who happen to be straight and
white because they're already in the
majority it's that same sort of
intersectional logic that leads to the
idea that we can gauge your value as a
human being we can gauge your worthiness
in the workplace by your color by your
life experiences as opposed to by the
quality of work you do or by the kind of
activity in which you take place again
the slander in that Latino victory ad
the slander that everyone implies a
confederate flag is trying to run down
black children which is insane I mean
they're legitimately hundreds of
thousands of Americans we're not doing
that and have Confederate flags the idea
that everyone is voting for Ed Gillespie
size with the charlottesville hate
protesters the idea that anyone who has
it don't tread on me on the front of
their car that that person is trying to
run down some poor Muslim child on the
streets of Alexandria
it's just insane but again it comes from
the same intersectional place that this
white majority is inevitably imbued with
a nasty horrible racism that cannot be
fixed and as long as we think that as
long as the left keeps doing that
they're gonna get pushback from the
other side right that Trump was a
symptom of this you want to know one of
the reasons why Trump won one of the
reasons why Trump won is because
Americans got sick and tired of being
told that they were the types of people
who are trying to drive people down and
Hillary's deplorable lines was the worst
thing she could have said during that
campaign because when she said
deplorable she may have been referring
to the all right but instead she paints
it with a broad brush said half of all
Trump supporters were members of the all
right that of course was untrue well
what this leads to is a is a an insane
amount of doubt in our institutions
because we no longer trust the
institution's we no longer trust the
people who staff our institutions now we
look at the motivations of the people
who staff our institutions and we say
are these people well motivated or not
or is everything a partisan battle and
that's why I think what happens in the
in the mana Ford indictment or the
Papadopoulos situation all of that is
gonna have bearing on how Trump thinks
Trump is an oppositional thinker he
tends to think that people are out to
get him by nature and in many cases he
is right right now I don't think that
Muller actually has them in the
crosshairs I'll explain why in a second
I actually don't think the Mueller is is
going to be able to make a case against
President Trump I think the worst-case
scenario for president Trump is this
ends up looking a lot like a Ron contra
or the guy at the top is basically wet
off the hook and some underlings go go
down but with all of that
Trump could be convinced to fire Robert
Mueller and really create a political
firestorm for himself by people
whispering into his ear that everyone is
out to get him I'm gonna explain all of
that in just a second plus what Tony
Podesta and Hillary Clinton and
everybody else have to do with this
why is DC so darn corrupt I'll explain
in just a second first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at the
u.s. ECA so you would do whatever it
takes to protect their family somebody
try to break in your house in the middle
of the night
you go to your gun safe you take out
your shotgun and if somebody tried to
break in you would blow them away but
owning a gun for protection should not
be intimidating overwhelming or
confusing even in light of the fact that
one mistake could land you with a
mountain of legal fees a lifetime behind
bars bars are worse it's you're right
tonig on its your right to use it
properly that's why I work with the US
ECA to give my listeners they're
complete concealed carry and family
defense Guide 100% free it is 164 pages
of life-saving information you can't
find anywhere else they'll help you
understand confusing gun laws
responsibly owned and store a gun
particularly if you have small kids
trained for real-life scenarios survive
the murky waters of the legal system and
a lot more go to defend my family now
calm right now to begin your simple
rewarding journey to concealed carry and
home defense confidence and right now
you'll also get the complete audio
version and bonus home defense checklist
100% free go to defend my family now
calm again let's defend my family now
come for free instant access to fend my
family now calm gives you the
information that you need to protect and
defend your family so to recap in very
brief terms yesterday's news there are
basically two big pieces of news first
was Trump former campaign chair Paul
Manafort was in charge of the campaign
for something like five months Paul
Manafort was indicted on 12 counts
virtually all of them had nothing to do
while all of them had nothing to do with
Trump and the vast majority of them had
nothing to do with even the period in
which mana fort was working for Trump
and the White House essentially said as
much for Sarah Huckabee Sanders saying
that yesterday but look today's
announcement has nothing to do with the
president has nothing to do with the
president's campaign or campaign
activity the real collusion scandal as
we've said several times before has
everything to do with the Clinton
campaign Fusion GPS and Russia and she
of course is is at least partially
correct the idea the only scandal here
is fusion GPS and Russia
is not true okay the fact is that there
is some other material to Donald Trump
jr. letters the George papadopolis stuff
that it's troubling
so the Trump campaign in nature the
Trump White House more specifically is
doing what they're supposed to do right
they're saying George papadopolis was a
low-level staffer who had nothing to do
with anything he's really not in charge
of anything in the campaign and and so
they're now minimizing his presence in
the campaign just as they did with
Carter Paige who's also a foreign policy
adviser with connections to the Russians
it was extremely limited it was a
volunteer position and again no activity
was ever done in an official capacity on
behalf of the campaign and never been
what about the outreach to these making
the campaign officials to try to put
together this you mean that the outreach
that was repeatedly denied and we're not
gonna take any action on that how can
you describe Papadopoulos as having a
limited role when there's a there's a
photograph of mr. Papadopoulos sitting
at a table with millions of people so
okay and she's not wrong about this
again the idea that Trump was sitting
there trying to direct from the top
George papadopolis seems kind of
ridiculous here's the problem with
regard to Papadopoulos so basically to
recap Papadopoulos was making some sort
of entrees to the professor right not
the guy from Gilligan's Island a
professor who is located in London who
apparently had connections with the
Russian government and was trying to fix
up the Trump campaign with the Russians
and Papadopoulos is trying to make this
happen the Russians also told him they
had access to thousands of Hillary
emails or thousands of emails more
specifically and they said also that
they had dirt on Hillary Clinton
Papadopoulos apparently tried to pass
this up the chain and this was shut down
it's now coming out that some of the
people he talked to included Paul
Manafort
he was basically he was gonna be
indicted on charges of lying to the FBI
about the extent to which he had been
working with the Trump campaign while he
was making these connections and instead
he pled guilty in order so that he could
basically get out of it there's there's
some rumors today the Papadopoulos may
have been wearing the wire the federal
government turned him and that the he
was wearing a wire and in context of all
the the other Trump officials we're
