John Kerry violates the Logan Act Rudy
Guiliani makes the rounds and there's a
reason that people think that feminist
studies professors are all sticks in the
mud I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
we have a lot to get to today but before
we get to any of it I mean a lot
happened over the weekend first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
ring so our sponsors over at ring there
the video doorbell company they allow
you to see and speak to anyone when they
come to your door well now they've sent
to some actual footage of ring busting
crooks in the acts here's a creeper it's
nighttime and a woman catches a strange
dude standing at her door and here's
what it looked like in the middle of
dinner can I help you how are you good
how are you good seen you in a while I
don't know who you are I'm Justin I met
you long time ago Evan god bless God huh
future senator from West Virginia right
they're trying to break this is what
ring video doorbell allows you to you
don't actually have to go to the door
and deal face-to-face with Justin
instead you can actually deal with it
from 3,000 miles away because there's a
lot happening at your front door ring
has a floodlight cam a spotlight cam
they let you bring them build a ring of
security around your entire property
stop crime before it happens help make
your neighborhood safer with ring save
up to 150 bucks off that ring of
security kit at ring comm slash men we
use it at the shapiro household and it
is really really great
it's ring comm slash spent a hundred and
fifty bucks off when you go to ring calm
slash bad news that slash bands they
know that we say alright so over the
weekend there's a lot of hubbub about
the Muller investigation and the evils
of the Trump administration and the
supposed dishonesty they're in but
there's another story that the media
seemed to have been paying less
attention to but that is in fact a lot
more troubling and it is this John Kerry
you recall him he's the former Secretary
of State and that guy is the worst
right John Kerry was one the worst
secretary of states of all time John
Carr well according to the Boston Globe
he has now been traveling across the
world attempting to fix up the Iran deal
like really he's not the Secretary of
State anymore he's just a guy and he's
going around the world he's going to
Tehran he's going to France and he's
trying to move behind the back of the
Trump administration in order to broker
some sort of resistance to Donald Trump
so here's the Boston Globe quote John
Kerry's bid to save one of his most
significant accomplishments as Secretary
of State took him to New York on a
Sunday afternoon to be
to go where more than a year after he
left office he engaged in some unusual
shadow diplomacy with the top-ranking
Iranian official now just before I go
any further let's recall something you
remember Mike Flynn Mike Flynn was the
former national security adviser and you
remember that Mike Flynn got in all
sorts of trouble because he lied to the
FBI about the fact that he had been
calling up the Russians after the
election and Justin before he was
supposed to take his official role as
national security adviser he'd been
calling up the Russian ambassador and
having conversations about sanctions
with regard to Israel and this was a big
deal right this was supposedly a Logan
Act violation the Logan Act is a is a
piece of legislation that may very well
be unconstitutional it's about two
centuries old it's been invoked I
believe once in a criminal prosecution
and it is that you are not allowed to
have your own foreign policy so I can't
go and purport to be speaking on behalf
of the United States government and go
conduct foreign policy against the
foreign policy of the United States
right that is a federal crime well Mike
Flynn was accused of doing just that in
talking to the Russians
even though he was the incoming national
security adviser and the president
Donald Trump had already been elected he
was already president-elect that was
considered criminal by a bunch of people
on the Left were deeply upset about the
Logan Act here you have an actual former
secretary of state who is not in any way
connected with the current government of
the United States going around and
attempting to perform his own foreign
policy on foreign soil as well as
domestic soil he sat down at the United
Nations with foreign minister Javad
Zarif was the foreign minister of Iran
to discuss ways of preserving the pacts
limiting Iran's nuclear weapons program
it was the second time in about two
months the two had met to strategize
over salvaging a deal they spent years
negotiating during the Obama
administration according to a person
briefed on the meetings with the Iran
deal facing its gravest threat since he
was signed in 2015
Kerry has been an aggressive yet
stealthy mission to preserve it using
his deep lists of contacts leaned during
his time as the top US diplomat to try
to apply pressure on the Trump
administration from the outside Trump is
now firing back by the way on on Kerry
Kerry met last month with the German
President Frank Walter Stein Mayer he's
been on the phone with top EU official
federica mogherini according to sources
he's also met with the French president
Emmanuel macron both in Paris and in New
York apparently discussing issues in
both French as well as English charm car
okay but this has gone relatively
unremarked upon by the mainstream media
remember again Mike Flynn might
in jail because he supposedly lied about
doing something that was completely not
illegal
but John Kerry is doing the same thing
except it could very well be illegal and
that is not a big deal at all so Donald
Trump has responded now to John Kerry
and Donald Trump tweeted out the United
States does not need John Kerry's
possible illegal shadow diplomacy on
this very badly negotiated Iran deal he
was the one that created this mess in
the first place
totally fair John Kerry has fired back
quote I think every American would want
every voice possible urging arange
remain in compliance with the nuclear
agreement that prevented a war secretary
Kerry I stay in touch with my former
counterparts around the world just like
every previous Secretary of State
Kendra's calm is it he continues to
suggest that it is his job to do foreign
policy again just points count hypocrisy
of a left that suggested that Michael
Flynn was the world's worst criminal for
calling the Russians well he was the
incoming second National Security
Advisor but the former Secretary of
State can do whatever he wants Rudy
Giuliani made this point on national TV
over the weekend he is of course exactly
correct certainly before April 5th 2018
the president knew that Michael Cohen
made these payments because he in fact
had reimbursed Michael Cohen I don't
know and I don't think it's at all
relevant anymore this is another tangent
like you know chasing the Flynn tangent
when it turns out that John Kerry is now
violating the Logan Act and nobody seems
to care you haven't asked me about right
and then Judy Lonnie is exactly right
about this nobody's asked about the
Kerry Logan Act violation of course by
the way we're now finding out the FBI is
not interested in investigating the text
sent between Carter page and Lisa sorry
Peter struck and Carter and Peter struck
and Lisa page so the the there was
there's no interest in investigating the
text of the FBI agents who apparently
were texting with each other while they
were having an affair
both were married about Donald Trump and
the investigation no interest in that
but every page of Donald Trump's memoirs
has to be dug through Michael Cohen has
to be dug out of the closet all of his
files have to be put before the FBI
again if this all turns out to be just a
campaign finance thing this is really
egregious overstep by the FBI if the
mother investigation turns out to be
nothing but a giant fishing expedition
that is going to reflect horribly not
only on the FBI but also on the DOJ that
has allowed this to go for remember rod
Rosenstein who
was the Deputy Attorney General who
appointed robert muller he has to set
the basis for the Malheur investigation
he actually has to set the limits of the
Muller investigation and the mobile
investigation was originally supposed to
be limited to Trump Russia collusion and
all of the elements that were related
thereto but now we're all the way at
Michael Cohen and Michael Kohn and Paul
mana for and all this kind of stuff now
judges are beginning to look at the
scope of the Muller investigation and
they're saying this has nothing to do
with your original investigation now
does that mean that Paul Manafort for
example is off the hook no you could
have an attorney general and in the
district of New York suddenly take up
the manna for case but the question is
what is the scope the proper scope of
the Muller investigation and again when
you go back and you read the original
Rosen Stein memo that was appointing its
robert muller to the special counsel it
was quite it was quite circumscribed it
was not a broad mandate it was Trump
Russia collusion alone but now they've
gone far beyond that and that's why over
the weekend according to Politico a
federal judge has rejected special
counsel Robert Mueller's request to
delay the first court hearing in a
criminal case charging three Russian
companies and 13 Russian citizens with
using social media and other means to
foment strife among Americans in advance
of the 2016 US presidential election in
a brief order Saturday evening US
District Court Judge Dabney Friedrich
offered no explanation for her decision
to deny a request prosecutors made
Friday to put off a spent scheduled
Wednesday arraignment for a Concord
management and consulting one of the
three firms charged in the case so the
13 people charged in the high-profile
indictment in February considered
unlikely to ever appear in a US Court
and the judges are looking askance at
Muller's prosecutors they're saying that
Muller's prosecutors do not have the
authority to actually go after anyone on
these grounds the prosecutors wrote that
the US government has attempted service
and summons by delivering copies of them
to the office of the prosecutor general
of Russia to be delivered to the
defendants that office however declined
to accept the summons the government has
submitted service requests to the
Russian government pursuant to a mutual
legal assistance treaty ok Mueller's
team sent a formal copy of the sanctions
to all these people and then they
submitted it to the judge and the judge
is not interested the judges is is
basically saying that this is a waste of
time that there is no supporting legal
authority to any of this again if this
all turns out to be a giant wild-goose
chase it's the worst it is one of the
worst abuses of power in modern American
history honestly to run the president
you ragged for a year and a half and
bankrupt a bunch of people in the Trump
administration over nothing is a pretty
astonishing thing now meanwhile the
Michael Kohn investigation which is not
taking place under the auspices of
Muller is continuing a pace that of
course was an FBI raid on Michael
Cohen's office Michael Kohn you'll
recall is the personal attorney of
President Trump and that investigation
is being pursued not by Muller's office
but by the u.s. district attorney in
Southern District of New York so Rudy is
a temp that Rudy who's Trump's new
lawyer is attempting to go around and
explain why Trump didn't do anything
illegal the case he's making for why
Trump didn't do anything illegal is he
saying there was no campaign finance
implication at all to Trump pink stormy
Daniels 130,000 dollars to shut up he
says basically Trump has a slush fund
with Michael Khan
there are probably payments out of this
fund regularly to shut up stories about
Donald Trump which means this had
nothing to do with the campaign so it
may be gross it may be seedy it may be
yucky but it's not actually a violation
of law that's the case that Rudy was
making you said hehehe this was a
regular arrangement he had Michael
constituted Michael Kahn make payments
to other women for the president I'd
have no knowledge of that
but I would think if it was necessary
yes he made payments for the president
or he he'd conducted business for the
president which means he had legal fees
monies laid out and expenditures which I
have on my bills to my to my clients
okay so the case that Giuliani is making
legally here people are saying people
are going crazy over this Kellyanne
Conway is saying I'm not sure why anyone
would say what Giuliani is saying right
here's Kellyanne Conway trying to move
away from Rudy Giuliani but Giuliani has
a legal strategy here and it does make
some sense I'll explain in a second I
don't know why anyone would say that I
would not characterize it the way the
President himself characterized it as
not a campaign expenditure all I can
tell you is that as the campaign manager
for them winning part of the campaign
this never crossed my desk I was never
made aware of this okay so the case
that's being made by Giuliani and sort
of here by Kellyanne Conway is that
Trump regularly pays off his mistresses
and so if you paid off a mistress right
before the election that was by
coincidence because he basically gives a
giant chunk of change to Michael Cohen
every year and Michael Khan basically
shuts down any rumors that he's having
sex with porn stars that's that's
Michael Cohen's basic job that's not
completely implausible but it is not
great for the President of the United
States to be saying that except that
it's Trump and we all know that he's
doing this stuff anyway no one's really
shocked by any of this and if you are
shocked just be
as you haven't watched Donald Trump any
time for the last 40 years I mean this
has been his shtick for a really long
time
the real danger to Trump you know if you
can make this case then it's not a
danger Trump the real danger Trump is
only going to be self-imposed and I'll
explain in a second why the only person
who can damage Trump in a lot of these
legal proceedings is gonna be Trump
himself but first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at movements so
you've heard me talk about movement and
you know those two college dropouts that
started their own watch company they've
now sold 2 million watches in a hundred
and sixty countries and the
revolutionising fashion on the belief
that style should not break the bank
I own two movement watch they own
sunglasses for movement my wife own
sunglasses for movement they've doubled
the number of watch styles lately but
they are still expanding it's just
fantastic their movement watches start
at ninety five bucks at a department
store you're looking at 400 to 500
dollars and the watches are all really
durable Mike my son beats the crap out
of my watch it looks just as the same as
it did when it came out of the box
brand-new I have a really beautiful
looking watch it's really really nice
clean simple and really just effective
they they look like they're four hundred
five hundred dollar watches and it's a
hundred bucks movement figured that by
selling online they could cut out the
middleman and that's just what they've
done it's classic design quality
construction styled minimalism my dad
has one of these watches as well get 15%
off today with free shipping and free
returns by going to MVM t.com slash
shapiro cy movement keeps growing go to
MVM t.com slash appearin again get 15%
off with free shipping and free returns
their watches are just terrific go to em
VMT calm slash / and they've more than
that now they have bracelets and they
also have the and they also have the
sunglasses so you can basically get
everything you need over at MVM t.com
slash prepare to go out looking stylish
mbm tea calm / up here that's movement
join the movement use that / apparel let
them know that we sent you okay so the
only person who can really damage Trump
it seems if Trump is telling the truth
and he had this giant slush fund and he
was always paying off mr. says then the
: thing will probably come to nothing
Cohn might be hit with a campaign
finance violation but that's about it
Cohn might be hit for some ancillary
violations but it's not gonna damage
Trump which brings us back to the model
or investigation the only thing that
could hurt President Trump in the Muller
investigation is he goes off half-cocked
and decides that would be a very very
smart idea for him to suddenly for no
reason at all fire robert muller because
muller is not going anywhere and he's
annoying me i'm gonna rip off the
band-aid envira that would be a huge
mistake and it seems like that might
the way that he is leaning a lot of his
closest allies are now attempting to put
restrictions on the molar investigation
again I think this is a mistake not
because the molar investigation is is
acting properly I don't know you don't
know no one knows because we're only
hearing leaks but because it gives the
impression that he's trying to hide
something even if he's really just
annoyed I Trump fires people when he
gets annoyed he doesn't fire them when
they're ineffective he doesn't fire them
when they're bad at their job he fires
them when he personally is annoyed by
them and this is the case with James
Comey now it's the case with robert
muller but you can see that the
groundwork is being set by certain
members of the Trump administration to
do this so here's Rudy Trump's lawyer
again who's saying you know if Muller
grants if he sends a subpoena if there's
a grand jury subpoena for President
Trump to testify Trump does not have to
comply happens if Robert Muller
subpoenas the president will you comply
well we don't have to he's the president
United States we can assert the same
privilege as other presidents have
President Clinton negotiated a deal in
which he didn't admit the effectiveness
of the Seban they testify but he did
testify before the grandchildren is the
president willing to do that but only
for two and a half hours only with an
arranged format okay so Rudy's wrong
Trump will comply with the subpoena if
the subpoena comes down because
otherwise he'll be held in contempt of
court presumably it could create all
sorts of legal problems for him he will
go it will be pre negotiated and he will
probably test by but no no guarantee
there's gonna be subpoena anyway it's
the militant stance that Rudy is taking
against Muller that's really interesting
here you're seeing this also from Devin
Nunes Devin Nunes of course is the House
Intelligence Committee Chairman and he's
saying that he wants to hold Jeff
Sessions in contempt the Attorney
General he's saying the DOJ is
stonewalling Congress on a bunch of
material now the DOJ does have an
