all right well the media think Trump is
gone on his way out
but is he Trump takes to Twitter to
fight back the Republicans finally pass
a tax bill plus the President of the
United States sounds off on ROI more and
we'll go through all of the biblical
allusions to taxes yes really I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show so
much coming up and I'm gonna give you an
intellectually honest look at whether
President Trump is really in trouble
over this whole Mike Flynn indictment
thing what the Mike Flynn indictment
thing actually means I don't think it
means nearly as much as the media are
making it out to me I think the media
are are way out in front of what the
news is actually showing and in fact it
seems to me that the Flynn indictment in
some ways actually shows that the Muller
investigation is not going to end with
anything except for a political
prosecution of the President of the
United States by Democrats I want to get
to all of that I also want to get to a
huge Supreme Court case that is going to
be discussed tomorrow I'm gonna talk
about the tax bill we'll talk about all
those things but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at my
Patriot supply so you look around and
you see that their natural disasters on
a regular basis right there earthquakes
in California apparently there's been a
swarm of small earthquakes in California
that are supposed to be leading up to
the big one perhaps we can all hope not
but regardless of whether it happens or
not you should be prepared for any
disaster that may arise whether it is
man-made or whether it is natural this
is what the government suggests this is
what prudent people do this is why you
should go over to my Patriot supply and
you should get there 102 serving
emergency food kit for just 99 bucks the
experts in food storage say it can last
in your home up to 25 years one hundred
and two servings of emergency food for
99 dollars to basically spend a hundred
bucks and now you're safe and your
family is safe from the vagaries of
natural disasters for the foreseeable
future it seems like a great way to make
sure that you're protected you stick in
your closet you forget about it folks in
the office have tried it they say that
it tastes exactly like home cooking
order several kits at this low $99 price
make sure that your family is safe call
eight eight eight eight oh three 14 13 8
8 8 8 o 3 14 13 or go online to prepare
with been calm that's prepared with been
calm the kids include breakfast lunches
and dinners they are shipped free on my
Patriot supply right now right now
America's most trusted food storage
company eight eight eight eight oh three
14 13
31413 or prepare with been calm again
that seems like a cheap price to ensure
that your family is safe so prepare with
then.com okay so we start of course with
the big news that broke on Friday that
Mike Flynn had pled guilty to lying to
the FBI the indictment showed that that
was really all that was there and I had
speculated two possibilities possibility
number one is that he pled to lesser
charges in order to the FBI could get
him to flip on Trump possibility number
two is that this is basically all the
FBI had and now the FBI is just gonna
charge a bunch of people for lying to
the FBI in the absence of any crime
remember when Mike Flynn the former
national security adviser was charged
with was lying to the FBI about him
making phone calls to the Russian
ambassador surrogate kiss Lake on
December 22nd what exactly did he say in
those phone calls that was so all-fired
terrible apparently he called up and he
said President Obama on his way out is
attempting to create these new sanctions
he wants to demonstrate that that
Hillary Clinton lost because we cheated
in the election don't worry about it the
sanctions are never really going to be
taking effect they're not going to
damage you just hold your fire and Putin
said okay okay so that's really nothing
special okay it's a transition team he
was about to enter office as the
National Security Advisor three weeks
later the people who are saying well
it's a Logan Act violation the Logan Act
prevents you from basically making your
own foreign policy but it's not clear
that the Logan Act is even
constitutional it was passed into law in
1799 it has never convicted
anyone in 218 years it is not convicted
a person not one so the idea that
suddenly it's going to be applied for
the Trump administration is absurd
you've seen many Democrats who have
applied their own foreign policy while
Republicans were in office while their
Democrats were in office for them for
that matter and Jimmy Carter basically
ran North Korean foreign policy while
Bill Clinton was in office Teddy Kennedy
tried to go over to the USSR and then
make a deal with the USSR so that they
would help affect the 1984 election
cycle so that he could get in right but
Barack Obama was conducting calls with
other members of foreign governments
long before he took office in 2009 all
this stuff has been happening routinely
so the idea that Mike Flynn did anything
deeply wrong by contact when the Russian
ambassador is absurd also apparently he
asked the Russian ambassador to help
stymie a UN resolution that Barack Obama
was trying to push in his final days to
slap Israel over so-called settlements
and and so kiss lyac was called by flynn
presumably at the behest of Jared
Kushner and Kushner said if you could
back off that day I'd be nice again I
don't see anything wrong with any of
this I really don't see anything
terrible about this but he did lie to
the FBI so now what it looks like is
that Robert Muller is putting together a
bunch of charges based on lied to the
FBI well if this turns out to be a bunch
of people who lied to the FBI about non
criminal activity as I said last week
this sounds a lot like scooter Libby's
scooter libby if you recall was an aide
to vice president dick cheney during the
w administration and there was a story
going around that someone in the White
House had leaked the personal
information of Valerie Plame a CIA
agents in order to get revenge on her
husband Joe Wilson because Joe Wilson
had written a long op-ed in the
Washington Post about how the Bush
administration had been wrong about WMD
in Iraq it turned out that it was
Richard Armitage over at the State
Department who had leaked Valerie
Plame's name but Scooter Libby sort of
either got a conversation wrong or lied
about a conversation to the FBI he was
prosecuted he was put in jail and Bush
commuted his sentence this sounds a lot
like that right scooter libby didn't
actually commit any crime other than
lying to the FBI lines of the FBI is a
crime but if there's no underlying crime
it's not Watergate Watergate was a bunch
of lies about an actual crime a break-in
at the Watergate Hotel that was designed
to put bugs in the Democratic National
Headquarters
okay nothing like that has happened here
there's no evidence of any actual crime
by anyone in the Trump administration
with regard to collusion with regards to
working with the Russian government no
charges of serious crime and all the
rumors that Mike Flynn was going to be
charged with corrupt ties to Turkey or
to Russia
none of that materialized Andy McCarthy
over at National Review here's a really
fascinating piece in which he discusses
at length the idea that there would be
some sort of deal cut where Flynn only
gets prosecuted with the smallest
possible crimes and he's like on the
bigger ones in order to kind of deal
with me says that's not the way it works
with prosecutors Andy McCarthy former
federal prosecutor he says what you do
is you actually prosecute the biggest
crimes and then you say in the plea
agreement that he's going to get off on
lesser years for bigger crimes unless he
works with us because the problem is
once you file charges the charges are
filed right so if all they're filing
charges on are the lesser charges that's
not much of a threat to Mike Flynn so
all this talk about how inevitably the
it must be the mother has something
really terrible on Flynn and Flynn is
gonna say something really terrible
about Trump not a lot of evidence
that in any case so president Trump
responds over the weekend it's not
really bright you know the president of
the United States really should keep his
mouth shut
on this stuff or he should send out his
lawyers to say something but the
president always feels the need to sound
off himself and in doing so he gets
himself in a little bit of hot water
here is President Trump defending my
plane well I feel badly for general
Flynn I feel very badly he's led a very
strong life and I feel very badly John I
will say this Hillary Clinton lied many
times to the FBI nothing happened to her
Flynn lied and they destroyed his life I
think it's a shame Hillary Clinton on
the 4th of July weekend went to the FBI
not under oath it was the most
incredible thing anyone's ever seen she
lied many times nothing happened to her
Flynn lied and it's like they ruined his
life
the most incredible thing anyone has
ever seen in history is what Hillary
Clinton did Hillary Clinton will always
be the go-to for President Trump but
Trump is not wrong when he says that
Hillary Clinton
apparently lied to the FBI I think that
that's probably true and she got away
with it Mike Flynn lied to the FBI and
now it looks like their pillar iing him
is lying to the FBI ok of course not he
committed a crime and if you committed a
crime then he should pay the price for
that crime but the idea that Michael
Flynn was actually trying to cover up
for something more nefarious is not for
now here's where Trump really gets
himself in trouble or at least we don't
have the evidence that yet here's where
Trump really gets himself in trouble so
Trump tweets out this over the weekend
he tweets quote I had to fire general
Flynn because he lied to the vice
president and the FBI he has pled guilty
to those lies
it is a shame because his action during
the transition were lawful there was
nothing to hide okay so he's basically
saying what I'm saying here is that
Flynn lied to the FBI but there was no
underlying crime the problem here is
that what the president is actually
saying is that he fired Flynn knowing
that Flynn lied to the FBI so this a lot
a lot of people to suggest that this was
obstruction of justice right the reason
that it sounds like obstruction of
justice is because James Comey if you
recall had testified that President
Trump told him to let Flynn go and then
he apparently fired Flynn because he had
lied to the FBI so the implication of
this tweet is that Trump knew that Flynn
had lied to the FBI when he fired him
not just lied to the vice president so
if he knew that Flynn lied to the FBI
and then he went to co me and told Comey
then the head
the FBI to let Flynn go a lot of people
I'm left claiming that this is
obstruction of justice it isn't I'll
explain why legally but here is the here
is the flashback of James Comey and the
reason I keep saying his words is I took
it as a direction right I mean it's the
president United States with me alone
saying I hope this I took it as this is
what he wants me to do no I didn't I
didn't obey that but that's the way I
took it you may have taken it as a
direction but that's not what he said
correct that's what I said he said I
hope those are exact words correct you
don't know of anyone that's ever been
charged for hoping something is that a
fair statement I don't as I sit here
thank you thank you right so a lot of
people on the Left hang well you know
what that is that right there that's
obstruction of justice
well Dianne Feinstein is saying this
right Dianne Feinstein the senator from
California she says this looks like
obstruction of justice as you know I'm
ranking on judiciary and the Judiciary
Committee has an investigation going as
well and it involves obstruction of
justice and I think what we're beginning
to see is the putting together of case
of obstruction of justice I think we see
this in the indictments the four
indictments and pleas that have just
taken place and some of the comments
that are being made I see it in the
hyper phonetic attitude of the White
House the comments every day the
continual tweets and I see it most
importantly in what happened with the
firing of director Comey and it is my
belief that that is directly because he
did not agree to lift the cloud of the
Russia investigation okay the problem
here is that there is no clear-cut
obstruction of justice even if he fired
call me let's say worst case scenario he
fired call me because he wanted call me
to stop investigating Flynn there's no
clear-cut investigation obstruction of
justice because the president does have
the power to fire the FBI director for
any reason he sees fit yeah I've
actually looked at the statutes and I'm
gonna go through the statutes right
sunette right now with you on
obstruction of justice as to whether
obstruction of justice actually took
place not clear legally that obstruction
of justice has taken place by the way
the idea that trumps shut down the
investigation is obviously untrue and
special counsel is going forward from
has the power to fire the special
prosecutor Robert molar he is not in
fact done any of that so before I get to
whether this is obstruction of justice
even if the Democrats were suspicions
are confirmed first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at saucy so you
know the news cycle moves so fast life
is full of stress at night you want to
unwind that you want to relax you want
some alcohol well that's why you need
saucy saucy is the alcohol delivery app
they deliver your favorite wine beer
liquor right to your door on demand it
is lyft or uber for alcohol so if you're
in LA San Francisco Chicago San Diego
Sacramento your saucy odor will arrive
at your door in 30 minutes or less ready
to drink this happened to me the other
night my wife and I were interested in
in drinking a little alcohol but a rough
day and we didn't have any alcohol in
the house so we so we immediately got on
the saucy app and saucy had somebody
arrive at our door within it was really
I think about 20 minutes with the
alcohol that we desired it's a pretty
awesome thing for the rest of you if
you're not in one of these big cities
then you will have saucy delivered to
you in two days or the last nationwide
so you can order in advance and in two
days the west nationwide it will arrive
anywhere there are no order minimums no
delivery fees no running to the store if
you've got the saucy app you got a fully
stocked bar right there on your phone in
the middle of a party you don't want a
break from the party and so now you just
get on your phone and some schlub shows
up with your alcohol and you don't have
to worry about running out to the local
dales jr. to make sure that you're
actually stocked up for the party for a
limited time you get $15 off when you
download the stasi app and enter promo
code Ben that's the saucy app spelled
sau cey saucy and for promo code Ben for
$15 off get that saucy app today and use
promo code Ben it makes your life a lot
more convenient and honestly there's
nothing that's better than you're
sitting there watching your Netflix and
chilling but you don't have the chill
that's what Stassi provides to you saucy
saucy app and use that promo code Ben
that's correct folks I did just use the
phrase Netflix and chill okay so as far
as obstruction of justice the the
Democrats are basically claiming now
that Trump fired James Comey in order to
obstruct justice
this doesn't wash for a couple of
reasons one the special counsel has
continued his investigation into Russian
collusion and has found nothing
collusion is not a crime and now let's
look at the actual statutes an
obstruction of justice so there are
three separate federal laws that cover
obstruction of justice there's 18 US
Code 1503 this is called the Omnibus
clause it covers quote
roughly or by any threatening letter or
communication influencing or impeding or
endeavoring to influence obstruct or
impede the due administration of justice
but this Clause requires a pending
judicial proceeding and there is no
pending judicial proceeding because
Flint had not been indicted yet now if
Trump were to go to Muller now and say
to him
cut it out let Flynn go then that would
actually be obstruction of justice but
he doesn't have to do that he was
pardoned Flint right which is not
obstruction of justice because he's the
president and that's within his purview
there's 18 USC 1512 C this provision of
law covers anyone who quote obstructs
influences or impedes an official
proceeding or attempts to do so it is
not clear that an FBI investigation is
actually an official proceeding and it's
hard to prove intent in any case it's
and by the way it's not enough to show
intent to violate the subsection you
have to take a substantial step toward
the accomplishment of that goal so again
there's no substantial step taken toward
obstruction and finally there's 18 us
code 1519 and this provision covers
destroying evidence there are no
accusations that President Trump
destroyed evidence in any of this
so is there obstruction of justice no
she's wrong does Trump have the capacity
to fire Comey for any reason the answer
is yes Comey works for him so there's no
obstruction he could fire call me does
that mean that it's smart for the
President of the United States to go out
there and start saying that he knew that
Flynn lied to the FBI and then he fired
the FBI director no that is not smart of
the President of the United States it
gets him in all sorts of hot water and
that's why the president's lawyer came
forward and said I wrote that tweet it
wasn't Trump the idea being that it
doesn't establish Trump's knowledge that
Flynn lied to the FBI if the lawyer
wrote the tweet now what's interesting
is when you watch the conflation of two
separate narratives from the Democrats
Dianne Feinstein I believe is a lawyer
so she knows enough to know that you
can't make charges of collusion without
evidence or you shouldn't or than that
the the Mike Flynn charges don't show
that there is actual cheating in the
election between Russia and the Trump
campaign Joy Behar however is a
and she doesn't know that so Joe by Joy
Behar over at the view she completely
misconstrues the report from Mike Flynn
and you'll hear the crowd cheer as they
think they finally got Trump oh breaking
news ABC News Brian Ross is reporting
Michael Flynn promised full cooperation
to the Muller team and is prepared to
testify that as a candidate Donald Trump
directed him to make contact with the
Russians
and the crowd goes wild for news that
never happened
because it never happened so we reported
on Friday the Brian Ross had said this
on ABC only one problem Brian Ross was
