[Applause]
thank you so much well thank you it's
nice to be in a place with no riots and
I only saw about a dozen police officers
not 400 so that was exciting and I did
promise the police officers who are not
here on overtime that we would try to
keep to the time limits that they can go
home but I wanted to start by I was just
gonna launch right into the speech first
of course I want to thank you America's
foundation for sponsoring the event and
the local chapter of yeah for doing such
a wonderful job getting the word out and
if there are people on the other side
people of the left if you could raise
your hands I'd like to give you a round
of applause for coming because I
appreciate it well thank you
[Music]
now I want to do that because then I'm
gonna mock you but it's just but that's
just the way this goes it's part of the
that's part of the story so in that in
the in the name of that I'm just gonna
launch in my speech but I was handed
this pamphlet from from the young
democratic socialists all about how
capitalism really hasn't done anything
for us I mean I can I can tell you one
thing capitalism would do for you get
you some better graphic design
I do like some of the some of the facts
that are in here things like have you
ever wondered why there are five times
as many empty houses as there are
homeless people in the United States
well I've never really wondered that
because the people who are building
those empty houses are hoping to sell
those empty houses presumably if you
want to see places that are full that
are prison camps in North Korea and as
far as the homeless problem in the
United States it would be remiss not to
acknowledge that homelessness is highly
linked unfortunately to mental illness
so if we're going to talk about the
homeless problem it has far less to do
with the availability of housing and far
more to do with the fact that we have
not done enough in terms of caring for
the mentally ill it says why we wait
have you ever wondered why we waste over
a hundred and thirty three billion
pounds of food thirty to forty percent
of the food supply each year when people
still go hungry I actually had not
wondered that ever since I was five and
my mother said to me if you don't eat
that food someone in China will starve
and I figured that is not true if I
donate this food then that person in
China will have just as little food as
that person would have had otherwise
unless you can freeze drive this sucker
and send it over there and speaking of
food shortages has has anybody ever
wondered why it is that everyone in
Ukraine from like 1932-1933 had none of
it it has more to do with socialism than
with capitalism have you ever wondered
why just eight men owned as much wealth
as the other half of the world I haven't
really wondered that either since
capitalism has raised literally half the
globe from abject poverty since 1980 and
it turns out that those people who are
enormous ly wealthy have generated more
wealth for more people than have
virtually anyone else on the planet and
says what have I ever wondered why
college students are saddled with the
burdens of death so they can become
qualified I have and I also wonder why
you would spend money to come to a
college so you could learn nothing and
put out garbage like this that seems
like a waste of money
my favorite part of this pamphlet is
actually this this particular page right
here it says did you know and then
there's a picture of Albert Einstein in
a picture of Martin Luther King and a
picture of Helen Keller and says did you
know Einstein Martin Luther King jr. and
Helen Keller or socialist I figure they
did that because it wouldn't look as
good if it said did you know that Stalin
Mao Hugo Chavez and Castro were
socialists
it turns out that being a socialist in
America which has not embraced socialism
is a really lucrative a nice thing you
can become famous you can become rich
you can become well-known without ever
having to implement any of your ideas
that's convenient okay so now to the
actual speech so I want to do something
a little bit different tonight normally
I launch right into my normal tie a
tribe about about white privilege and
why it's nonsense and why people are not
victims but I want to talk about a
little bit of deeper philosophy today
I don't do something different so I
figure a lot of people in the room have
probably seen some of my other speeches
and so I want to do this is the first
run is a test run for for a new sort of
speech that I want to give tonight and
that is I want to talk about some of the
deeper philosophical roots of why we are
so split in the country one of the
things that has really become clear to
me personally is just how split we are I
mean when I have to go on a campus and
people have to spend six hundred
thousand dollars just so that I can talk
when we are having knock-down drag-out
fights over really nothing's in terms of
politics I mean the differentiation
between the Republican Party on Jaca and
the Democratic Party on Jack are pretty
much nil at this point and yet we are
having knock-down drag-out fights over
this and a lot of it has to do with the
the idea that we just ascribe bad
motives to one another so I want to get
a couple of things out of the way so
that we can talk about what's really
separating us can you have a quick show
of hands who here in this room who's
conservative thinks black people are
genetically inferior okay for those who
can't see on camera that is zero hands
right who here in this room who is
conservative feels that women are
inherently less qualified for job
positions
hey no hands go up who here in this room
believes that poor people are inherently
evil and deserve to suffer no hands okay
so now we can get all of those motives
out of the way because those motives
have now been ascribed repeatedly to
everybody on my side of the aisle right
these motives are constantly ascribed to
people on my side of the aisle racist
sexist bigoted homophobes gay gay people
and we hate black people and we hate
women and none of this is true so here's
the question why are we having these
battles where we ascribe these sort of
motives to one another and I think that
it goes to something a little bit deeper
than just your everyday politics I think
something really devastating has
happened to the West and it's come to
America over the last few decades but in
the West over the last couple of hundred
years and that is we no longer
in this country and the West at large
have a common vision of meaning we no
longer believe in share a society
because we don't share a vision of what
the country ought to be so let's go back
to serious basics what exactly is the
meaning of life okay what is the meaning
of being a person what's the meaning of
existing in a society together what are
we striving for what are we trying to do
together because if we can't agree on
that it's gonna be very difficult for us
to agree on things as simple as
ascribing decent motives to one another
so let's start at the root okay not the
Howard Zinn version of America where all
the founders were evil trying to protect
their own private property that's a
historical and untrue okay let's start
from the actual root of what America is
all about and that of course is the idea
of the pursuit of happiness but
Jefferson and Thomas Jefferson and the
rest of the founders when they said
pursuit of happiness they didn't just
mean the right to get your rocks off and
smoke pot in your dorm room
yeah but the amount was something
actually rather specific they thought
about happiness and the pursuit of
happiness in terms of an Aristotelian
notion of fulfilling your goal in life
which is the pursuit of people who were
twisted this is what makes you happy
what makes you happier is the pursuit of
virtue revenue no three societies that
you can using their free will pursue
becoming a better person in accordance
with her mission a mission that we can
figure out simply by thinking about in
reqtest the Aristotelian natural rights
notion and animated so many of the
barriers American society less than
general in America the apotheosis to
this is based on two fundamental roots
Athens in Jerusalem today on Christian
value system and the Athenian notion
that right reason is what is going to
endow you with a a life of happiness and
meaning today of Christian values teach
us we have individual me right it
teaches us we have a are made in the
image of God they're all individually
valuable this is what equality means in
the conservative perspective the family
expected nothing rough people able not
that we all are equally hate both with
certain activities because I'm never
going to play football and never to me
at all like it's not going to happen
right but we that does not mean that I'm
not able to make Amanda and God sense in
fact
according to according to the Bible they
keep keep perdition of all of Western
thought lies in Genesis 1:26 the idea
that we each of us and every one of us
is made in the image of God that is
that's the first fundamental basis of
Western civilization and the second
fundamental basis of Western
civilization comes from the appellant's
it comes from grip god which suggests
that the best way to act virtuously is
to use reason and instead of feeling
that one of our jobs is to help train
our feelings to move in accordance with
our reason but if we're not reasoning if
we're not losing a lot we're not losing
fact then we're doing something wrong
we're not emerald succulent babies have
given to you as an adult human being you
have raised the feather to believe both
of mistakes they believe that happiness
lay and believe in both of these things
that you have a child on this earth and
that is to the devastation system follow
God by acknowledging the value of other
human beings and in the Athenian value
system by becoming a better person
through introspection and self-training
right family both of these things her to
Washington summed it up well except the
consideration that human happiness and
moral duty are inseparably connected
will always continue to prompt me to
promote the progress of the learner by
him committing the practice of leather
so it wasn't just at the founder share
the goal they also had a plan
they're basically four things that you
need in order to pursue happiness anyway
there's blood that's all to pursue
happiness and felt that all the human
beings you pursue happiness
the first one is individual permits we
all have to have a purpose below but if
you don't have a purpose you're gonna be
depressed we're gonna live it's that way
individual purpose is heavily connected
with living second in the control
capacity you have to believe that you
are in control of your destiny non
society genetics you you as a free
independent human being have the
capacity to make your life better
third you have that communal purpose
fragment work we're social beings we
exist with each other and we have to
feel that we're all part of the same
fight you have to feel like we're all
waiting together for something
finally you need communal capacity you
have to feel like the community is
actually moving us towards this communal
purpose so as I say we need an
individual purpose because without
individual purpose life becomes
meaningless
this is what again Aristotle and the
Bible provide is this notion that you as
an individual living on a desert island
you still have a purpose your purpose is
to reason your purpose is to worship God
your purpose is to become a better human
being right you have an individual
purpose apart from what other people
want of you now in our society we've
sort of tossed this out in favor of this
idea that individualism is about pursuit
of pleasure whatever floats your boat
whatever I define Liberty as whatever I
want to do and you can do all those
things that's fine but the idea that
entire society can be based on the
pursuit of individual pleasure is just
not true which is of course why John
Adams suggested that a constitutional
Free Republic could only be based on a
moral and religious people and no one
else okay but it's not enough to just
have purpose we have to believe that we
can achieve that purpose we have to
believe that we can achieve our goals if
we don't believe that we tend to give up
we get depressed we said we sit the
battle's out unfortunately on this one -
there's been a big fight against the
notion of individual capacity I don't
discuss that in a second right in order
for you to believe that you have
capacity you have to believe that you
have the capacity for reason you have to
believe certain basic assumptions that
you never think about like you are an
actual individual human being not just a
cluster of cells that changes every day
you're an individual human being who
makes decisions on a day to day basis
and then you're responsible for those
decisions using something called reason
right these are all assumptions as we'll
see in a second that have been ripped
out from under build the country
together so we can promote those values
among ourselves and to other people and
finally we need communal capacity we
need a balance between a community that
believes in values and a community that
allows us to exercise our free will to
pursue those values right we don't want
a theocracy where the government just
forces you to do things but we also
don't want in an arc in anarchic system
where we have no social safety net
whatsoever in terms of our support for
one another and anything can be taken
away from you at any time
okay so to recap very briefly individual
purpose individual capacity communal
purpose communal capacity these are the
four things you need to pursue happiness
and the left has torn each one of these
four things down I don't just mean the
American left I mean the Marxist left
you know the folks who promote
democratic socialism have their roots in
Marx Marx opposed each of these notions
at least in the in the founding version
of them it goes back even further than
Marx if you go to people like David Hume
they're philosophers for 400 years who
have been claiming that aspects of each
of these four things have to be taken
away first individual purpose so the
left believes there is no individual
purpose that is universal to all of us
we don't all have the same individual
purpose right as human beings we don't
have a better version of human beings
we're trying to turn into there is no
Aristotelian pursuit of virtue
there's just whatever I want today my
individual purpose is whatever I want
today which basically leaves us alone in
a godless universe striving to lash out
and make a way for ourselves right it's
it's it's sort of jean-paul Sartre
existentialism problem is again you
build a society based on this we tend to
think that my individual purpose is the
best individual purpose but your
individual purpose sucks and so if
they're in conflict it's not because we
don't share an individual purpose it's
because mine is right and yours is wrong
even if I can't argue why mine is right
or yours is wrong second individual
capacity this one the left has really
taken on the idea that you are capable
of making decisions every single aspect
of this one has been taken on by the
left first of all the idea of scientific
materialism rips away it rips away at
the very heart of identity you as an
individual human being capable of acting
in the world if you're a scientific
determinist then you tend to believe
that all human activity is traceable to
neurons firing in your brain or the
environment around you that's what human
beings are we're just a set of chemicals
and neurons and biological functions
that's all we are well then you can't
act in the universe right how are you
supposed to better yourself it's an
oxymoron you can't better yourself right
you're not even you you're just a thing
you're a ball of meat floating around in
this universe you're not
important you have no inherent value
there's no such thing as reason by the
way in this in this version reason is
just a social construct reason is just
one set of neurons firing as opposed to
a different set of neurons firing okay
so this is a neuron fires in your
prefrontal cortex
well what's why is that any better than
the neurons firing in your amygdala what
difference does it make you do not have
capacity to move and then the Marxist
left takes it even further
they say that society defines you I mean
it says so right here in this in this
special pamphlet that I saw actually it
says right here in the special pamphlet
when it says common myths about
socialism truth social circumstances
effect behaviors right and the Marxists
thought is that human beings become
better because of the social
circumstances in which they find
themselves that if we just change
society around you there's no such thing
as human nature you are just going to be
the aftereffect of whatever nature and
society create around you this is not
likely to give you a feeling of Verve
about getting up in the morning right
you're basically getting kicked around
like a soccer ball by the universe enjoy
right you are now Spinoza's rock
floating through space with the
self-awareness to understand that you
weren't actually you didn't throw
yourself that you've just been thrown
and you're kind of floating around and
that's it okay fine third communal
communal communal purpose so the left
has substituted new communal purposes
for the old communal purposes so the old
communal purpose was the idea that we as
a society are going to make it easier
for you to be virtuous by granting you
the freedom to act in accordance with
virtue but also setting certain social
standards outside of governments that in
cocaine virtue and individual citizens
right this is the John Adams vision of
what the community is supposed to do not
theocracy and not anarchy but a society
that provides you the freedom to explore
your own virtue
well while creating systems outside of
government that help promote that right
that was the idea of the communal
purpose and doing that as much as we can
all over the world depending on the cost
right the left has substituted utopian
communal purpose because Aristotle in
the Bible no longer exists in this world
so instead of that what we get are these
various utopian schemes
raiga communism which is redistribute
all the property and everything will be
all better you as an individual no
longer matter because why should you I
mean again you're a ball of meat so what
difference does it make if you have to
break a few eggs to make an omelet well
utopia is on the way social institutions
that exist
on the insistent exists based on these
old values they have to be torn out root
and branch to make way for something new
and the left in its desire to create
these new communities has created this
