elizabeth warren's humiliating
self-owned the media give President
Trump a reason to question fake news
again and Hillary will never leave I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
all Elizabeth Moore and the smoke
signals for 2020 have never been
stronger but it seems as though she has
just collapsed her own wigwam I don't
know I don't even know man or her TV or
TV I don't know in any case it's just
it's spectacular so I can't wait to get
this an Elizabeth Warren's story but
first let's talk about how you can save
save money on stamps so these days you
can save money on practically anything
by never having to leave your house
because time is money except you still
have to go to the post office for stamps
except d-d-don't anymore now you can go
over to stamps calm you can access all
the amazing services of the post office
right from your desk 24/7 when it is
convenient for you buy and print
official US postage for any letter and
any package using your own computer and
printer the mail carrier picks it up you
click print mail you none could not be
easier we use stamps calm here at the
Daily wire offices and it is spectacular
saves as time saves us money and right
now when you use promo code Shapiro you
get a special offer
55 bucks of free postage a digital scale
and a four week trial go to stamps calm
before you do anything else click on
that radio microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in Shapiro that is
stamps comm and her promo code Shapiro
for that special deal 55 bucks of free
postage a digital scale and a four week
trial go check it out right now
again stamps comm promo code Shapiro all
the services of the post office directly
at your fingertips it's pretty
spectacular which is why we use it
stamps commies that promo click Shapiro
for the special deal
alright so Elizabeth Warren making my
day great again
so Elizabeth Warren is the senator from
Massachusetts I knew her a little bit
when I was at Harvard Law School because
she was a property professor they're
pretty popular property professor the
first time I met her she literally the
first time I met her she was recruiting
for Harvard Law School and she ripped on
Rush Limbaugh so that was a pretty good
opener for what Elizabeth Warren was
politically well Elizabeth Warren today
decided that she would engage in the
most humiliating cell phone I have ever
seen in American politics I mean this is
like the best self owned of all time
this is the equivalent of that guy who
owned gold during the World Cup and then
got killed for it hopefully nothing bad
happens to Elizabeth Warren nobody is
calling for violence but this is a
really bad own-goal my goodness so we
have to travel
back in time to a time when Elizabeth
Warren claims that she was in fact a
Native American she said that she had
high Cherokee cheekbones she suggested
in a in a recipe book called powwow Chow
I kid you not that she was a Native
American and the recipe she submitted to
powwow Chow was a recipe again I kid you
not for a crab bisque because clearly
that was something the Cherokees made
back in the day crab bisque he noted
crab herds of the Oklahoma Plains that
her ancestors used to hunt elude with
Morin told this story over and over
about her Native American ancestry and
what she said was that their racist
members of her family couldn't accept
her parents romance because her mom was
partially Native American here's Hill
Elizabeth Warren telling the romantic
story actually you haven't wrong about
what it is I believe let's start there
okay my mom and dad were very much in
love with each other
and they wanted to get married and my
father's parents said absolutely not you
can't marry her because she's part
Cherokee and she's part Delaware and um
after fighting it as long as they could
my parents went off they eloped okay so
her parents eloped because her mom was
part Cherokee and part Delaware which
means you would think pretty hefty dose
of Native American ancestry right there
right I mean if if her family is worried
about it then sounds like that would be
some significant Native American
ancestry so President Trump didn't
believe this because it's nonsense they
had people actually checked into her
background they found there's no Native
American ancestry anywhere in the in the
time horizon of rationality so President
Trump went out on the campaign trail
this is back in 2017 I believe and he
was holding a rally in Montana
and he suggested that he would give her
a million dollars if she could prove her
native-american ancestry and we will say
I will give you a million dollars to
your favorite charity paid for by Trump
if you take the test that it shows
you're an idiot you know
so today Elizabeth Warren came forward
with the evidence that she was in fact
Native American now I think that it is
important to note if you don't believe
in media bias you have to check out the
headlines today because the headlines
today are truly astonishing the headline
today
The Daily Beast suggests that there is
strong evidence that she is Native
American
okay this it says this is the actual
title Elizabeth Warren DNA test reveals
Native American ancestry her claims to
indigenous heritage had been ridiculed
by Trump CNN had a headline about
Elizabeth Warren same thing says Trump
offered 1 million dollars now he says
who cares an Elizabeth Warren releases
tests with strong evidence of ancestry
and then analysis why Elizabeth Warren
is number one in our new 20/20 ranking
so CNN obviously has a pretty strong
agenda here so what this would suggest
if you just read those headlines is she
took a DNA test and it found that a
great grandparent was Native American or
something well not much so she took a
DNA test and here's what each other's
according to Boston Globe the analysis
of Warren's DNA was done by Carlos
Bustamante a Stanford University
professor and expert in the field who
won a 2010 McArthur fellowship also
known as a genius grant for his work on
tracking population migration via DNA
analysis he concluded that the vast
majority of Lauren's ancestry is
European but he added that the results
strongly support the existence of an
unadorned it means Bustamante calculated
that Warren's pure Native American
ancestor appears in her family tree in
the range of 6 to 10 generations ago six
to ten generations ago in other words
her actual Native American ancestor
could be Pocahontas now it takes you
back like 200 years that's it just just
to be straight about this her claim that
she has Native American ancestry was
that her parent her mom was so Native
American that she was discriminated
against by her dad's family that is not
the same thing as her great-great-great
great-great grandparent minimum was a
Native American not not the same thing
at all and by the way that is not the
outer limit of the test the test shows
that at best at best
she was a sixth generation Native
American at worst at worst its tenth
which would mean that she had an
ancestor her great-great-great
great-great-great great-great-great
grandparent who is Native American
okay the best part of this Boston
Globe's story it's really really
spectacular
so it says the inherence imprecision of
the six page DNA analysis could provide
fodder for morons critics yeah I think
if for a great-great-great grandmother
was a Native American that puts her at
1/32 American Indian but no one says
she's 1/32 the minimum writing the
minimum is that she is one I think it
was one 512 or something she's not that
like one thirty seconds is not actually
a a sixth generation Native American
that's that's like a fourth generation
Native American in any case the report
includes the possibility that she is
just one 1,024 Native American
if the ancestor is ten generations back
one 1024 I love this so here here's the
even better part to make up for the
dearth of Native American ancestry DNA
Bustamante used samples from Mexico Peru
and Colombia to stand in for Native
American so notice he knew when you use
like Cherokee DNA to match her up
he used Mexican Peruvian and Colombian
DNA to match up so what it really shows
is that she's won 1,024 Mexican Peruvian
or Colombian so awesome awesome I love
this
it says Warren has 12 times more Native
American blood than a white person from
Great Britain and 10 times more than a
white person from Utah the report found
well there's only one problem with that
what the actual study shows that the
average American in the United States of
any race the average American in the
United States is 0.18 percent is 0.18
percent Native American may that is what
and by the way you're not accepted as a
Native American a Native American tribe
enlist or at least 1/16 Native American
meaning you had a great grandparent who
is Native American so we are now going
back 10 generations to try and claim
that she's a Native American because she
claimed I guess a University of
Pennsylvania Native American heritage
and all the rest he is point zero zero
nine percent Native American and she's
bragging about this right this is her
claim and the media are saying well they
should put this thing to bed this should
put it to bed that is not that is not
what she said that's not what she said
at all
at all it's spectacular
she's 99.999% white Matt Walsh is a good
tweet about this after finding out that
Warren is a staggering 99.999% white
Richard Spencer is expected to endorse
her for president oh I love it so much I
love it so much so by the way according
to science just want to get this
straight according to science if you are
one 1,024 Native American that is strong
evidence of Native American ancestry if
you have two x-chromosomes
this doesn't mean you're a woman that's
according to the media
this is science people this isn't
politics its science so I have suggested
publicly as others have done I'm not the
only one or person to have suggested
this president Trump should not give 1
million dollars to Elizabeth Warren he
should give her one one thousand 24th of
a million dollars he should sign her a
$900 check because that's how Native
American she is it's so good and he
should put it he should print it out any
giant Publishers Clearing House check
and he should sign it to Elizabeth
Warren and in the subject line destroyed
failing 2020 campaign it's just
spectacular it's just spectacular so I
love it and again you have to love the
media bias here if anybody claimed this
on the right are you kidding me if I
claimed that I had Native American
ancestry and then people look well Ben
you're pretty Jewish yeah well you know
if I take a 23andme test and it shows
that ten generations ago maybe someone
with some DNA in common with a Colombian
person was in my ancestry would that
make you Native American also I do love
this yeah the the again the idea that
she is Native American based on an
ancestor ten generations ago that's
insane
there's not even the greatest racists
like the greatest racists on earth would
not call her Native American the people
who hate Native Americans would not call
her Native American based on that
ancestry no Nazis not real fond of Jews
they cut off Jewish ancestry at second
generation at third generation
they said if you have four German
grandparents then you are considered
fully German okay and those people were
super giant racists so the left is now
even more racist than the biggest racist
because they are saying that if you have
one tiny drop of Native American
ancestry from 400 years ago now your
Native American what are Native
Americans feel about this it can't be
great
it can't be great really really
astonishing so it's so good we'll have
more on this I love it so I love it so
ah it's so great I have more on this in
just one second - first let's talk about
the air that you are breathing so
there's a new study it just came out of
China and it discovered that air
pollution causes a huge reduction in
intelligence which might explain our
nation's politics right now high
pollution levels lluvia it led to
significant drops in test scores with
language and arithmetic the average
impact equivalence having lost an entire
year of Education well now we know what
happened to all the people who protest
me when I go to college campuses but it
is important for you to have clean air
in your home with ninety five percent of
the global population breathing unsafe
air you ought to have filters in your
house that work filter by comm is
America's leading provider of HVAC
filters for homes and small businesses
you can choose from over 600 sizes
including custom options that chip free
within 24 hours plus they support
working Americans manufacturing all
their filters right here in America save
5% when you subscribe for auto
replacement so you will never forget to
change your filters ever again filter by
will save you time money you're gonna
breathe better
apparently you become more intelligence
in the process which is awesome for you
so stop procrastinating go to filter Bui
calm that's filter by comm tell them
that we sent you we use filter by here
in the office I've used it at my house
as well go check it out right now filter
bu why calm that's filter by calm so
spectacular so Elizabeth Warren just
making a mockery of herself and not even
knowing it in the media playing along
now the question is what motivated her
to do this right what what made her do
this what made Elizabeth Warren think
this is a great idea the answer is and
what Manor think by the way how the hell
great idea that you'd think this was she
went home and she filmed a video with a
bunch of her family members complaining
about how Trump was mean for suggesting
she didn't have a Native American
ancestry
uh-huh she obviously is prepping for a
presidential run but this is so my you
know how you know wait Elizabeth Warren
is look at the back of this paper
okay this paper right here is less white
than than Elizabeth Warren is because
you can still see the ink through it a
little bit okay loser with Warren is
more white than this piece of paper and
yet she is proclaiming I just made am
American it's so good it's just it's so
good okay so I love it but why did she
do this she did this because she knew
the media would cover for anyway so the
so the the media wrote a bunch of
headlines saying that now she had been
now she had been justified she had been
justified in her accusations she had
been justified in her claims and she is
calling on President Trump to sign her a
million dollar check because she is
possibly point zero nine percent Native
American solid solid stuff there but
she's right because the media do back
her play no matter what she does the
media will back her play and that's
obvious from the weekend's media
coverage the media you know it's funny
folks on the Left suggest that the
people on the right are better cleaners
we cling to God and we cling to guns and
we cling to and we cling to our American
status we cling to our borders I mean
clinging to our language we cling to all
sorts of terrible things remember Barack
Obama blamed evil republicanism on being
bitter clingers Elizabeth Warren is
bitterly clinging on to the sanera t'v
in the media are bitterly clinging on
along with her and then they are
clinging on to a bunch of other false
narratives that they are putting out now
all they have to do I've said this on
CNN all that the media have to do in
order to undermine President Trump is
just try to stick to the truth they
can't do it there's nothing that they
can do that that will force them to
stick the truth and I have the evidence
of this so over the weekend there are
two separate two separate major media
stories that turned out to be basically
false about President Trump Story number
one here is 8:00 in NBC tweet about a
rally the President Trump did I believe
Friday night it says watch president
Trump says robert e lee was a great
general during ohio rally calling the
Confederate leader incredible now you
think well that's bad stuff you probably
shouldn't call a Confederate leader
incredible it is true by the way that
robert e lee was a good general Eiling
rage chatter nobody was a good general
that doesn't mean that he was a good
person or that he believed good things
but that was the headline from UC News
the headline from NBC News is that Trump
said that Robert Ely was a great general
and called the Confederate leader
incredible now here is what President
Trump actually said about robbery Lee
here's the clip of President Trump
talking and one day it was looking
really bad and Lincoln just said
you hardly knew his name and they said
don't take him he's got a drinking
problem
and Lincoln said I don't care what
problem he has you guys aren't winning
and his name was Grant General Grant and
Lincoln said I don't care if he's an
alcoholic frankly give me six or seven
more just like him
okay so there is Trump actually talking
about Brent what he was saying is that
robert e lee was a great general who has
overcome by grant he was not saying that
robert ii lose a wonderful wonderful
person standing for wonderful things so
NBC has to actually correct it so Trump
tweets this out he says you guys got
this wrong he got this wrong so here's
president Trump's tweet NBC News has
totally and purposely changed the put
and meaning of my story about general
robert e lee and General Ulysses Grant
was actually a shout out to warrior
grant and the great state in which he
was born
as usual dishonest reporting even
mainstream media embarrassed
an NBC he had to suite out a correction
they tweeted out a full correction
correction an earlier tweet
misidentified the general president
Trump described as incredible at a rally
in Ohio it was general ulysses s grant
not general robert e lee an attached
video clip lacked the full context for
trump's remark here is the full clip it
took NBC News two full days to retract
it two full days and that wasn't the
only example of ridiculous media bias in
the last 48 hours
so CBS tweeted this out about President
Trump on 60 minutes so last night
President Trump was on 60 minutes here's
what they tweeted they tweeted President
Trump on his treatment of Christine
Blasi Ford at rally the accuser of Jos
now Justice Brett Kavanaugh it doesn't
matter we won makes it sound like
question was do you care that you mocked
Christine Blasi Ford and Trump says it
doesn't matter we won well there's only
one problem that is clearly not what
Trump was saying like clearly not what
Trump was saying here is president Trump
actually talking we need the actual clip
