when you're in a room and you hear about
those schools everything gets silent
everything gets awkward everything gets
melancholy I can't have that when people
hear Stoneman Douglas I don't want them
to think about people crying I want them
to think about people taking action no
matter what that action might be
I can't wait for today's Sunday special
with Cameron Caskey from middle ground
we'll get to talk with Cameron in just
one second but first let's talk about
your privacy online whether you're in a
cafe or a hotel we often rely on public
Wi-Fi to use the internet on the go but
something as simple as paying your bills
online from a Starbucks can leave your
data exposed a hacker can easily
intercept that information stealing
passwords credit card numbers personal
details it's not just hackers either
government agencies like the NSA they
monitor the Internet you don't know what
they're doing with that information so
what can you use to defend yourself well
the software I use to protect my online
activity from spies and data thieves
it's called expressvpn expressvpn has
easy-to-use apps that runs seamlessly in
the background of my computer phone and
tablet expressvpn secures and anonymizes
my internet browsing by encrypting that
data hiding my public IP address using
expressvpn I can safely surf on public
Wi-Fi without being snooped down or
having my personal data stolen for the
best protection you should use Express
VPN every time you go online Express VPN
cost less than seven bucks a month it
comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee
so you really have nothing to lose to
take back your internet privacy today
and find out how you can get three
months for free go to expressvpn comm
slash Ben that's expr ESS VPN comm slash
been for three months free with a
one-year package again Express VPN and
secure your internet now expressvpn comm
slash Ben to learn more Cameron thank
you so much for stopping by I really
appreciate it thank you for having me
so from folks who don't know Cameron was
one of the students at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland Florida
when the when the awful shooting took
place and he was subsequently a member
of March for lives now he is one of the
leaders of a group called middle ground
are you a founder of middle ground yes I
am okay so tell us a little bit about
middle ground then we'll kind of
backtrack and talk about how we got here
so one of the lessons I've learned since
starting March for our lives and this
was a truly difficult one to grasp was
that surprisingly enough I don't know
everything now as a 17 year old boy who
was dead set on the fact that I knew
everything that was that threw me for a
loop and halfway through my tour with
March for our lives the summer
where we were advocating for more
accessible voting and encouraging people
to register I realized I was in I was in
Texas and I spoke to some people maybe
the people who disagree with me don't
want the country to be a bad place maybe
they just have different views and I was
born in a bubble where my heavily
liberal mindset that I still maintain
convinced me that anybody who didn't
agree with me was had mal-intent and and
they didn't I thought the people who
didn't agree with me on gun laws didn't
care when kids died that's not the case
I learned a lot of things so I thought
how can I prevent people from making the
mistakes that I made we've got a really
engaged young generation there's no lack
of passion but there's a lack of
information and there's a lack of
civility very frequently and very often
there is there is incivility and the
guise of passion and that's fine but I I
want to move into the future with a more
humanized look at politics I think that
everybody in the country well I would
call 96% of the country wants the
country to be a better place how do we
fix this that I mean we're in a more
polarized place than ever what can we do
to make this better so I thought to
create a program called middle ground
and at middle ground we would really
explore everybody's perspectives my
personally my opinion hasn't changed but
my opinions on opinions have changed I
disagree with me I want to learn from
them because I'm a child
I can't rent a car I can't I can't buy a
house I'm not the expert on everything
and very frequently I'm treated like the
expert on things and you know I believe
that my insight is valuable I think that
a fact whether spoken by a three year
old or a 70 year old is still a fact and
insight is subjective but I want to
create a more educated youth well that's
really obviously mature and I have a lot
of sympathy for you because you were
sort of thrust into the public eye in a
fashion you obviously never expected or
wanted you know I've been in the public
eye at your age and it's definitely
difficult thing in the lesson that you
learned you learned faster than I
learned it for sure
and so that's that's definitely a path
you've had to take so let's let's go
back to the beginning what exactly so
let's start with you as a person sure
where we where were you born what's your
family like so I was born in Hollywood
but Hollywood Florida I
grew up in South Florida I my parents
got divorced when I was 10 I was luckily
lucky enough to get two amazing
stepparents not everybody gets those I
was happily raised by you know for
people who really had a great dialog
with each other very respectful and very
understanding of me I was known as the
easiest kid to raise I have an older
brother who is actually pretty easy to
raise and a younger brother who has
autism surprisingly enough my younger
brother who does have special needs
requires the least attention of the
three of us I have a stepsister who's
lovely as well I mean I'm definitely the
worst person in my family and I think
I'm a good person so that's saying
something and you know I grew up with a
very liberal mindset I was knocking
doors for Obama when I was seven years
old I there was lack of information for
me I thought that John McCain was
running with Tina Fey because I had seen
on the news that Tina Fey was Palin and
I wasn't able to put two and two
together but I I always cared because I
always thought that I always wanted more
from the country I was a Bobby Kennedy
fanatic for a while because I like
people who look at the future and that's
really what gave me the progressive
mindset is I'm not opposed to
conservative views but I think that a
lot of conservatism will have people
thinking more of using the pass passed
as a model as opposed to a springboard I
think there's always somewhere we can go
I think everything can be better and
that was always my mindset so I was
always very vocal very loud very
obnoxious very flippantly rude and I
found theater which was really a way for
me to take my voice in and hone it and
find something I cared about so I
started doing plays and musicals I
sounded like crap but I sang a lot and
and it helped me a lot it helped me
become expressive it helped me empathize
with people I mean did you ever do plays
in high school or anything I didn't know
no lose it all boys school so wasn't
that much weekend Josh you well well
acting it helps you understand other
people a lot because you have to put
yourself in other people's shoes
sometimes it's easy and people can just
read a script and and become someone
else but I it took a lot more for me I
very often played a bad guy which what
didn't really help me I played are you
familiar with Little Shop of Horrors I
was the dentist and there's not a lot of
humanity you can search for it's hard to
put yourself in the shoes of somebody
who is a psychopath but you know I got
obviously I would
for me but but I you know I developed a
deep empathy for my fellow human being
that I that drove me very to a very
passionate and emotional stance then my
school gets shot up and I say okay I've
heard of Sandy Hook I've heard of
Columbine I've heard all these things
and when you're in a room and you hear
about those schools everything gets
silent everything gets awkward
everything gets melancholy I can't have
that when I when people hear Stoneman
Douglas I don't want them to think about
people crying I want them to think about
people taking action no matter what that
action might be so take me through that
day what what exactly was that day like
for you so before the shooting I was in
my drama class we were halfway through a
song that I was doing again I sounded
like hot garbage but I remembered the
special-needs kids at my school are let
out a half hour before everybody else
because they're picked up at the bus
loop and they have to be picked up
before the bus has come so on days where
I at school and my mother was at work I
picked up my brother and I brought up to
drama he loved and he got attention from
the girls he felt like you know he felt
like a cool guy which he is and it was
about 220 and I was supposed to pick him
up at 210 so I said oh crap I gotta go I
rush out of the drama room run over to
pick up my brother because I have to be
back for my song and suddenly there's a
fire alarm and I say oh the busses are
about to come and I'm with the
special-needs students and we have to go
in the bus loop to avoid the fire you
know there are a lot of very
high-functioning students in the ESC
program at soman Douglas there are a lot
of lower functioning students but it's
it's a hassle to get in the parking lot
and I was just like okay this is
annoying especially being outside of the
class you're supposed to be in during a
fire drill cuz then you have to tell the
teacher they have to walkie the staff to
make sure everybody's accounted for and
while we're out there waiting this kid
near me says shooter I look at him and I
say what did that's not cool that's not
cool at all I said something very
inappropriate you know if this reaches
the younger audience someone avoid it
but suddenly everybody starts running
back into the school and there are
teachers beckoning us inside and my
initial thought is okay we're with the
ESC class and several other classes but
we're with the ESC class in the middle
of the of the bus loop and there was a
it must have been a fake fire drill and
the buses were about to come so they're
like everybody get inside so you don't
get hit by the buses then we're sent
into a classroom the lights turn off and
I say something's going on here
took me a couple minutes to realize that
there was there was gunfire I heard
conflicting rumors it was massive it was
it was hysteria in the room but it was
the type of hysteria where you are
hysterical but still have to be quiet
because you don't know what the gunman
is he could have been you know right
right next door to us I had no idea I
didn't hear any gunfire I thought I did
but when you know there's a shooter and
you hear something you think it's
gunfire it's natural
and everybody was telling me conflicting
stories and this was just the people
next to us they were whispering they
said fifty people were killed two people
were killed this teacher was killed that
wasn't this person was the shooter this
person with the shooter and I spent the
whole time thinking I really really
really hope my brother doesn't
understand what's going on and and
that's a moral qualms do I tell him
what's going on because he deserves the
truth or do I allow him the ignorance of
no the bliss of ignorance for the time
being but there were also a lot of other
special needs students there and some of
them were nonverbal but nonverbal
doesn't mean you can't make noise and
some of them were yelling some of them
were making loud shrieks and hollers and
fortunately the special needs specialist
had someone Douglass were able to keep
everybody together and it was it was a
problem that was solved quickly but
we're eight we were able to be released
the SWAT team came in with first thing
we saw was rifle in the glass crack so
we thought we were toast
but the SWAT team came in we run outside
I get picked up by my parents at a hotel
a couple hours later and and then came a
week of chaos but also peace did all of
the laws of physics kind of didn't exist
in Parkland It was as if the world had
stopped there was this eerie calm but
also this fiery madness it was it was a
time where I said in this in this lack
of while nobody around us knows what's
going on I have to step up and say
here's what I think I couldn't have the
carrot the cameras game and I couldn't
have them come and film people crying I
had to have them come and I had to have
people stand in front of them and say we
cannot have this anymore we demand a
change
we are not parkland is not the city of
people who are going to encourage you to
join our melancholy parkland is the city
of people who are going to encourage you
to take action if you could add your
druthers about how the media treats
these sorts of situations obviously you
don't I mean we
the media does what the media do which
is they cover the news when it happens
but if you could have had your druthers
emotionally just politically in every
way what would you what would you have
the media how did you have the media
covered these sorts of situations well
it's a double-edged sword because on the
one hand I was on national news while
there were bodies that were still warm
and people hadn't been buried yet and
that made that at the time I didn't
really think about it but in retrospect
it makes me question was that
appropriate on the one hand the cameras
are gonna leave and I want to make sure
the message that I believe is right gets
across while the cameras are still there
on the other hand people are dead and
and I know I don't regret anything I did
because I know that what I was doing I
did because I believed it was right and
that's the best I can do but in regards
to how the media covers it I think that
the names of shooters should never be
released daily wire covers that very
well I know that there are multiple
pundits as well that do not name the
shooters I think that there's a that
making the shooter celebrities is
flippantly inappropriate I think that I
think that I was very often treated like
an expert when I'm not I'm not the
expert on anything so in the days
immediately following obviously there
are a lot of cameras there people are
looking to you for comment when did you
and and the other members of March fire
lives really start to consolidate into a
group sure so February 15th we were all
a bit separated and it was February 16th
two days after the shooting that I was
able to kind of see who was ready to
speak out and get them together we all
came to my house I thought of doing the
March in DC and my Ghostbusters pajamas
in my bathroom and and I said okay every
the whole nation in in one way or
another is galvanized right now what can
we do how can we materialize this and I
said let's get everyone to DC and let's
demand a change so quickly the team
started to grow more and more people
became part all my friends from Douglas
they knew we're well-spoken and eloquent
joined some people just showed up at my
house and some of them ended up becoming
very passionate and well-spoken
advocates for what we were advocating
for but it was but by what I would call
February 19th
our team was together so the tactics
that March for our lives used came under
a lot of Chris's criticism including
from people like me because obviously at
the very beginning particularly there
was a lot of focus on some of the stuff
you talked about
earlier there's an implication that was
put out by particular members of the
team you know in in public settings that
if there was a disagreement about
politics that this is a reflection of
lack of care about what had happened um
what do you think could have been done
to mitigate against that to be honest
with you a lot of that was me a lot of
that was me telling my friends you know
these people don't agree with us that
they don't care you know they they care
more about their guns than they care
about kids getting killed anything all
criticized about March for lives really
comes from me I started it I was my I
was whispering and my friends hears the
whole time I know I know the people in
March for our lives I know them pretty
much like the back of my hand I know
that these are people who really just
want the world to be a better place and
a lot of our errors and messaging
particularly if you don't like us you
don't care came from me and I believed
it and I believed it until relatively
recently
I'm embarrassed certainly but I'm also
I'm not losing sleep over it because I
believed it what do you think changed
that for you I mean you talked about
being in Texas but obviously like that
for those of us were watching from afar
the first time that I saw you on TV I
think was probably during the CNN Town
Hall event which was obviously got huge
ratings was was a big television event I
criticized Jake Tapper for it because I
suggested that the media really should
have if they want to have a discussion
the issues they should do a discussion
of the issues as opposed to sort of an
emotionally driven event you know what
changed from from there to where you are
now which is if somebody who wants to
have discussions based on the issues I I
think I I reached out for a bit I can
tell you the exact catalyst there wasn't
really a moment where I clicked on me
that I need to start opening these
conversations but I realized look the
the left's never gonna get rid of the
right the rights never gonna get rid of
the left they certainly evolved the
parties change over time but there's as
long as we have a binary system it's a
binary system and and half the country
doesn't want the world to be a bad place
I thought that I thought that half the
country the Republicans we're evil I
think that there are some great people
on the right and left are both lovely
and people on the right and left are
both awful I don't want to say there's
very fine people on both sides because
that has been used in ways I can never
accept but I I learned that that there's
a such a that we're all people
I mean I said this yesterday a lot of
people were politicizing 9/11 and and I
said look we're Americans today and I
learned that overall we're Americans and
we have a you know there's a Creed
there's a national understanding that we
need to be a better place and right now
looking back it didn't it didn't used to
be like this I think this has been a
long time coming I think that right now
our socio-political fabric is not only
bad because of Trump I think Trump
doesn't do anything good for it
I think Trump is too focused on owning
the libs and and not uniting the country
but this is this we've earned this
we America as a whole is responsible for
this division then we need to come
together okay so I'm going to ask a
bunch more questions about sort of your
political perspective how it's changed
and where you are now in just one second
but first let's talk about life
insurance so September is national life
insurance awareness month if you listen
to this show a lot you've heard me talk
