Rudy Giuliani breaks some interesting
news about president Trump's payoff the
stormy Daniels Hillary Clinton finally
stumbles on a true statement
accidentally and Democrats are actually
having some problems in the polls i'm
ben shapiro this is ben shapiro show
[Music]
all righty so there is a lot of breaking
news on the Donald Trump stormy Daniels
fronts I'm gonna break Alden break it
all down for him and give you all the
legal information that you need to
understand exactly what's been happening
with the Trump pay off to the pornstar
the Trump ones had sex with and why this
is important or why it's not important
but first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so right now
the economy is doing swimmingly things
are really really good but that means
that you should actually be hedging for
the possibility of a downturn in the
future and one of the ways that you can
do that is by investing in precious
metals now I'm not a person who says you
should take all of your money and dump
it into precious metals because I think
that would be foolish I do however think
you should have a certain percentage of
your assets in precious metals
specifically because the government can
inflate the currency there's volatility
in the market and as we've seen the
market is bouncing around a lot even
though overall it is up now there are a
lot of people who are predicting the
possibility of a bubble bursting here
well if that should happen you'll be
happy that you put some of your money
with my friends over at Birch gold in
precious metals Birch gold group has a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
an A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group right
now in your cup and you can request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals they the comprehensive
16 page kit showing how gold and silver
can protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA if so you choose to get that
no cost - no obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben use that slash
pen to get the free information kit and
to let them know that we sent you as
well okay so rudy giuliani is the newest
member of the Trump legal team the Trump
legal team has been seeing some turnover
in recent days so Ty Cobb is no longer
with the Trump legal team he takes his
366 lifetime batting average and he
leaves the Trump legal team Napoli Roy
left along with him but he is he's being
replaced by a guy who was instrumental
in helping Bill Clinton fight
impeachment charges and criminal charges
so there is an upgrade I think in in the
legal house for for president Trump but
then Rudy Giuliani goes on TV and this
is real weird because remember that the
whole michael cohen scandal is the one
that is most likely to hurt president
Trump the Trump Russian collusion stuff
I really don't think that's going
anywhere I think that it's very unlikely
that Special Counsel Robert Muller has
any serious information that links
President Trump to collusion with Russia
over the election I think a lot of the
talk
obstruction is gonna be very very
difficult to prove it's more of a
political matter than it is a a criminal
matter so I really doubt that Robert
Muller has the goods on president Trump
and when I say really got I mean I'm I
would be astonished if he has the legal
goods on president Trump which is why he
wants to interview President Trump
because he wants Trump to fall into a
perjury trap kelan's president Trump's
you lied to him or fib to him or make a
mistake there that reveals something to
him so that means that if the real
threat is not robert muller to the Trump
administration legally then the real
threat is from Michael Cohen so remember
Michael Cohen is the president's
personal lawyer and his office is a
couple of weeks ago were raided by the
FBI
now the rationale for that raid was
supposedly that the FBI was looking for
proof of campaign finance violations in
the stormy Daniels pay off the going
legal theory was this Michael Kohn had
given a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to stormy Daniels to shut her up
out and fair she had with Trump back in
2006 it was right before the election
and Trump said he knew nothing about it
so the legal theory was that Michael
Kahn had made an in-kind contribution to
the Trump campaign that the reason that
he paid stormy Daniels to shut up is
because it was the very end of the
campaign and he wanted to protect his
friend and so therefore he paid off
stormy Daniels and this was a campaign
this was a campaign payment essentially
a contribution that passes the $2,700
maximum amount that you're allowed to
give and so Michael Cohen had violated
campaign finance law now if Trump had
said listen I paid for it myself then
you wouldn't have violated that
particular campaign finance law because
Trump is allowed to spend as much on his
own election as he wants Trump and ended
up spending something like 66 million
dollars in the last election cycle on
his own elect effort so if he had said
listen I paid off stormy Daniels and
that was my thing and I'm allowed to do
that that would have been totally fine
so Michael Kohn was sort of on the hook
in terms of the in-kind contribution
question but if Trump had paid for the
thing directly and then revealed that to
the FEC that would have been no problem
which raised the second question did
Trump pay for it and if Trump did pay
for it does that get Michael cone off
the hook or does it sort of shift the
blame from Cohen to Trump so here's what
Rudy Giuliani said we'll talk about what
Rudy Giuliani said last night Giuliani
is of course a new member of the Trump
legal team and we'll talk about what
Rudy Giuliani said last night that was
different and stunning and new and then
we'll talk about the legal ramifications
of what he said so he was on with Sean
Hannity and he said publicly that
President Trump had
in bursts Michael cone for the stormy
Daniels payoff which is new because
remember their flashback Trump was asked
directly by the media about whether he
knew about the payoff to stormy Daniels
in his clip for and and he said no he
says no it's hard to hear him there
buddy but he says no so Giuliani says
basically that it's not true Trump paid
off stormy Daniels via Michael Cohen he
leased reimbursed Michael Khan now
there's a little bit of wiggle room here
but it's kind of hard to believe the
wiggle room here would be that Trump
gave a bunch of money to Michael Kohn
not knowing what Michael Cohen was using
the money for because he's just that
kind of a dude no I mean I don't buy it
I just don't think that that passes the
smell test
but here's Rudy Giuliani explaining I
knew how much money Donald Trump put
into that campaign I said 130,000 gonna
it gonna do a couple of checks four
hundred and thirty thousand when I heard
Cohen's retainer of thirty five thousand
when he was doing no work for the
president mmm I said that's how he's
repaying that's how he's repaying it
with a little profit and a little margin
for paying taxes okay so the idea here
is that Trump reimbursed Michael Cohn in
the months after the payoff
okay now that could actually be a
problem Giuliani then continued and he
tried to backpedal so he tried to
backpedal he try to say listen Trump
paid I didn't know what he was paying
for so Michael Cohen just sort of he has
sort of a slush fund and he used it for
what he wants to use it for so according
John Roberts over at Fox News Giuliani
said that while Donald Trump reimbursed
Cohn for the hundred and thirty thousand
dollar store migi annual payment
president didn't know what the money was
used for Giuliani says Cohn merely told
the president he had expenses for which
the president reimbursed him maybe I
kind of doubt it the White House
obviously is in a little bit of chaos
over this because they're not sure what
legal strategy Giuliani and Trump are
running together folks at the White
House seem to be out of the loop the
White House was asked about this last
night and here's what they had to say
we've addressed this many times sarah
has done that from the podium I've done
it on many shows Raj has done it as well
but what I can tell you about this
instance is it is ongoing legislation we
have nothing to say about it the
president has outside counsel and that's
how I'd have to refer you to okay so
they say Tom going litigation the
problem is that it was ongoing
litigation when Giuliani talked about it
publicly so it's very weird that
Giuliani is out there talking about this
publicly so what exactly does all of
this mean so there are three ways
in which you could theoretically violate
campaign finance law in this situation
way number one is that Michael Kohn
gives an in-kind contribution to Trump I
be giving stormy Daniels $130,000 in
this case the violation is Michael cones
right he's being he's a good friend
going above and beyond what you're
allowed to do in the middle of a
campaign now Colin's defense on this
would be listen I'm friends with Trump I
pay off his floozies all the time
I said nothing to do at the campaign
it's a little bit difficult to say that
because Rudy Giuliani then came out and
he actually said publicly that President
Trump had wanted this done because it
was October and this story shouldn't
broken right before the election so
Giuliani is not doing the president any
favors by running his mouth but the
original problem here was Michael cones
problem not Trump's the original problem
here was that Michael cone might have
violated campaign finance law by giving
too much money to the campaign even if
you considered that a campaign
contribution which it may or may not
have been hey now Trump steps in and he
says no it was me
right I paid off Michael cone so it's
not Cohen on the line anymore now it's
me on the line well yes and no so
there's two ways to read the law way
number one is to say okay Michael cone
is basically just a cutout Trump was
paying storm easy annuals Trump's
allowed to pay stormy Daniels but this
puts Trump in a little bit of hot water
because he didn't report the
contribution to his own campaign to the
FEC right so Trump theoretically if he
had paid let's say he had there been no
Michael Kony he just paid storm Janos
130 grand to shut up before the election
and then not reported that to the FEC
would that be a campaign finance
violation so maybe yes maybe no the case
for yes is that it's right before the
election it's a payoff that's meant to
shut somebody up right before the
election it sounds like it's a payoff to
shut somebody up right before the
election campaign finance contribution
right Trump financed his own campaign
and so you should have reported it the
counter is Trump pays people off all the
time exactly as the counter would have
been for Michael Cohen okay so that's
possibility number one right now in
terms of campaign finance violations for
Trump possibility number two is that
Michael Kohn is not actually off the
hook so the popular theories that Cowan
was off the hook now that Trump has said
he paid for it but not utterly clear so
George Conway who's Kellyanne Conway's
husband and who is in fact a prosecutor
he says he tweeted out a section from
the FEC website talking about personal
gifts and loans quote if any person
including a relative or a friend of the
candidate gives or loans the candidate
money for the purpose of influencing any
election
federal office the funds are not
considered personal funds of the cans in
it even if they are given to the
candidate directly instead the gift or
loan is considered a contribution from
the donor to the campaign subjects to
the per election limit in other words
even if Michael cone paid off stormy
Daniels and was reimbursed by Trump that
is now considered a loan to the campaign
by Michael cone which surpasses the
amount of money he was allowed to
contribute so he may still be in trouble
and he still may have made an unlawful
campaign contribution to President Trump
now all of this sounds like it should be
secondary to the major issue which is
that the president of the United States
was paying off a porn star in the middle
of the election cycle and then lying
about it to the American public for
months this is a serious moral problem
okay but this is not gonna damage Trump
in any way realistically speaking
because everybody knows what Trump is so
it's funny the left today they're saying
well you know why isn't the right
turning on Trump the right isn't turning
on Trump because is anyone shocked by
this is anyone surprised I didn't
believe for one solitary seconds that
Trump had not paid off storming Daniels
I don't believe for one solitary second
that Trump didn't screw stormy Daniels
I'm sure he did okay I don't believe for
a solitary second that Trump has clean
hands in all of this but why is that
surprising I mean he's Donald Trump this
goes to my my strong markets efficiency
theorem about president Trump which is
the president Trump everything is priced
in all the garbage all the nonsense all
of it is priced in so if Trump's at 49%
in the approval ratings right now and
he's somewhere in the forties all of
this is priced and none of this is
really gonna damage him in any serious
way just as the Monica Lewinsky scandal
only damaged President Clinton a little
bit because everybody already knew that
Bill Clinton was scum with women so this
is not a real shock at all but
nonetheless the media are treating this
like a major revelation because in fact
it is a serious problem for foreign law
right I mean there there could actually
be a prosecution on the basis of this
for campaign finance violations although
the predicate for such prosecutions is
pretty slim I remember John Edwards was
prosecuted for something very similar
after he did the same thing in 2008
election cycle if you recall John
Edwards had a mistress he impregnated
his mistress and then he had his donors
give a million dollars to shut her up he
was prosecuted on six counts federally
there's a hung jury and then the charges
were dropped
presumably this would be a very very
similar case although it's for a lot
less money and if you're talking about
people violating the the extent of the
campaign finance regulations
Barack Obama raised like two million
dollars through illegal donations in
2008 and he was never prosecuted under
any semblance of law so yeah well well
everybody on the Left is suggesting this
is the downfall of Trump I really highly
doubt that I have a little more to say
on this but first I want to talk about
Dollar Shave Club so our friends at
Dollar Shave Club make the best products
before your bathroom your bathroom has a
lot of junk lying around you got old
razors and they're all rusty and it's
just your bathrooms gross that's why you
got to clean it out you ought to get
just Dollar Shave Club at products Oh
Dollar Shave Club is more than just
razors it's better than shopping in the
store they have razor shave butter
shampoo body wash toothpaste they're
amazing butt wipes everything you need
so look smell and feel your best
I get that amazing high quality shave
every morning with the Dollar Shave Club
executive razor right here under the
jawline it is the best razor that I have
used em they have dr. Carver's shave
butter which goes on clear so you're not
slicing your own jugular and since the
SE delivers everything to you you don't
have to set foot in a store which is
great for those dudes who have
girlfriends who are married let me tell
you when your wife can't load up the
shopping list a bunch of stuff for you
to get because you're not going to store
in the first place great way to avoid
responsibility so Dollar Shave Club can
make that happen for you clean up your
bathroom and your morning routine join
Dollar Shave Club today and for just 5
bucks with free shipping you get that 6
blade executive razor plus trial sizes
of shave butter body cleanser and the
one wipe Charlies then you can keep the
blades coming for just a few bucks more
per month get yours at
dollarshaveclub.com
slash been again use that slash pen so
they know we sent you in style shave
club dot-com slash pen and you get for 5
bucks that six blade executive razor the
entire package and then keep the blades
coming for a few more bucks a month
really convenient dollarshaveclub.com
so the white house is apparently in a
little bit of chaos over all of what
Giuliani has had to say so according to
Politico Giuliani joined Trump's legal
team with a mandate to quickly and
aggressively stamp out the various
investigations dogging the presidency
instead he's causing you migraines for
the White House Giuliani appeared the
Sun Fox News host Sean Hannity on
Wednesday night by revealing that Trump
reimbursed his personal lawyer Michael
Kohn from one hundred and thirty
thousand dollar payment Cohn had made to
the porn actress stormy Daniels for
silence about an alleged affair the
statement along with Giuliani's comment
the Trump didn't know about the general
arrangements of the payment appeared to
contradict the president's denial of any
knowledge of the deal now the difference
here of course is that President Clinton
committed perjury Trump may have lied
but you didn't commit perjury because he
wasn't in any testimony right he wasn't
testifying before Congress he hadn't
talked to the FBI yet just
another reason why you should not have
the president speaking to robert muller
in the FBI if you do the chances that he
fibs at least a little bit are 197
percent out of a possible 100 percent
okay the chances the Trump says
something that is wrong in those in
those hearings I've been talking with
some folks from the White House and what
I've been saying is look if Trump is
subpoenaed by robert muller all he
should do is go in and say I don't
recall okay you and whenever you watch
the movies and you see people say I
don't recall the reason that that sounds
like an admission of guilt is because
you think that they're trying to escape
the truth but in Trump's case the reason
that you would say I don't recall is
because you can't actually be prosecuted
for saying I don't recall and Trump is
likely to step on his own toes and I'm
using toes euphemistically there and the
president the United States has a bad
habit of saying things that get in his
own way and so you don't want him in a
room with with robert muller for 12
hours talking about stormy Daniels the
chances of some sort of perjury charge
coming out of that are a lot higher than
Trump just going in and saying I don't
remember right this is what any lawyer
would say by the way this has nothing to
the PR the PR spin is a completely
different spin but the lawyer least
benefit any client that I had as a
lawyer if they were in this sort of
