memo fight 2018 the Republicans take on
the FBI in the Royal Rumble plus Mika
Brzezinski throws Michael wolf off the
set of Morning Joe and Republicans
should read books and I will show you an
example why I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show we'll bring you the
latest on memo gate 2018 memo fight is
the most exciting rumble in the history
of American politics
everybody's gonna just show up from the
from the bit from the the side of the
stage and just Club each other with
reams of paper it'll be so exciting
Devon Nunez versus Adam Schiff face off
Nancy Pelosi versus Paul Ryan pounding
to the mat it's gonna be in crowd will
discuss all of those things first I'm
gonna put you to sleep with a bull and
branch ad because the fact is if you
need to relax folks then you need to
sleep well I am NOT somebody who tends
to sleep well particularly when I'm on
the road but when I'm at home I do sleep
well and that's because of bull and
branch eats they are the best sheets in
the business bowl and bran sheets will
cost like a thousand bucks in the store
this kind of quality of sheep roll and
bran sheets though are only a couple of
hundred dollars we we tried them we love
them so much that we were placed pretty
much all the sheets in our house with
bull and branch sheets because they are
top quality they're made from pure 100%
organic cotton they start out soft and
they get even softer over time right now
my listeners get $50 off their first set
of sheets at bull and branch calm promo
code been use that promo code been Bo LL
and branch calm promo code been again
the sheets are just a terrific there's a
reason three u.s. presidents have slept
on bull and branch sheets and shipping
is free you can even try them for 30
nights if you don't like them send it
back for a refund but no one wants to
send it back for a refund because they
are that good you don't think about
cheap quality until you've actually
slept in really good sheets and then
once you do you never want to go back so
ball and branch calm promo club Ben you
get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets ball and branch calm use that
promo code Ben okay so again okay I'm
just excited to say memo fight and memo
gate and it's all it's all so exciting
in truth none of it is all that exciting
I'm gonna try and break down what's
happening here because if it seems like
always chaos and confusion if it feels
like the Aurora Bros of confusion and
cast has taken over your life haven't
hang out with Jordan Peterson too much
then you need to yeah we're gonna try
and break down and separate out all of
the various strands
of what's going on in the FBI scandal
and who's to blame and who is lying
okay so first let's begin with this the
FBI is basically asking you to trust
them and the Republicans are asking you
to trust them and the Democrats are
asking you to trust the FBI and
President Trump is asking you to trust
the Republicans and you don't know who
to trust because the truth is we don't
have all the information what we do know
is a couple of things there are a few
different strains here strand number one
the FBI in all likelihood acted
corruptly in allowing Hillary Clinton to
get away with storing classified
information on a private unsecured email
server okay that was FBI malfeasance and
it was probably planned by the Obama
administration in coordination with the
DOJ and the FBI there's pretty solid
evidence to that effect I talked about
it a few days ago on the show if you go
back about a week and listen to my show
in which I discuss the Andrew McCarthy's
piece over at National Review laying out
the case that there was essentially
coordination between the Obama team in
the White House and the FBI to let
Hillary Clinton off the hook
specifically because Hillary was
illegally storing classified information
on her server and using a private email
address and Obama was emailing her at
that email address meaning he knew that
she was using a private email address
for classified material which was not in
fact legal that that piece by McCarthy
is pretty damning and pretty telling
about what the FBI was doing and now we
know according to The Wall Street
Journal is breaking news yesterday top
FBI officials were aware for at least a
month before alert in Congress that
emails potentially related to an
investigation of Hillary Clinton had
emerged during a key stretch of the 2016
presidential campaign according to text
messages reviewed by the Wall Street
Journal
so FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe had
learned about the thousands of emails by
September 28th 2016 director James Comey
informed Congress on October 28th 11
days before the presidential elections
but the but mr. Comey said nothing Comey
later said nothing about how early he
had known about those emails we went a
month without hearing about those things
so Democrats were complaining that Comey
sandbag Hillary Clinton in all
likelihood what happened here is the
Comey felt it was necessary because
they'd actually gone through they'd
reviewed a lot of these emails and they
were seeing some stuff they didn't like
but that took them a month to announce
to Congress so when people talk about
corruption inside the FBI when they talk
about the gaming of the FBI by the by
the Obama administration there's some
pretty good evidence for that and so
it's hard to trust the FBI when the FBI
says
release this four-page memo about Trump
Russia collusion now Devin Nunez the
House Intelligence Committee he's put
together a four page memo this
much-ballyhooed memo from the House
Intelligence Committee that details
intelligence malfeasance not just in the
Hillary Clinton investigation but also
supposedly in the Trump Russia collusion
investigation and this has been seen now
by a lot of conservatives has served the
last great hope to save Trump from the
Mueller investigation and this I think
is an oversell we know that the FBI was
acting in bad faith on Hillary Clinton
we don't know that the FBI was acting on
been in bad faith on the Trump Russian
collusion stuff and one of the weird
things about this whole memo routine as
I've said is Trump can declassify all of
the underlying materials that the memo
supposedly contemplates he can do that
right now but he hasn't instead he's
allowing the Republicans to charge
around at this four page memo talk about
how this memo is the smoking gun that
shows that the investigation into Trump
himself has been corrupted and ruined
from the very outset well the FBI has
has now responded to the house
intelligence committees votes to release
the memo by expressing grave concern
over the memos accuracy so the FBI
released a statement on Wednesday they
said they had quote-unquote grave
concerns about the accuracy from a top
secret top secret House Intelligence
Committee memo alleging anti-trump bias
within the Justice Department
challenging that president Trump's
pledge to release it but a few hours
after the Republic rebuked by the top US
law enforcement agency a trump
administration official said the memo
was likely to be released today on
Thursday the FBI said in a statement
quote the FBI was provided a limited
opportunity to review this memo the day
before the committee voted to release it
as expressed during our initial review
we have grave concerns about material
emissions of fact that fundamentally
impact the memos accuracy so the FBI
released the statement presumably you
would figure Christopher rage from stone
appointee at the FBI had reviewed the
statement before it went out so even he
doesn't think this memo should be
released and a compromises national
security so now the question is this do
you believe the House committee do you
believe that the Republicans on the
House committee who say we need to get
this information out there the FBI acted
corruptly or do you believe the FBI
saying that it's dangerous to release
this memo and in fact the memo skews the
facts which one do you believe now it's
almost impossible to tell who to believe
because we haven't seen the memo right
we haven't actually seen the underlying
memo and more than that we haven't seen
any of the underlying materials in the
memo so we're fighting everyone's
right now over a memo that none of us
have seen and we've heard secondhand
accounts so this is basically an
argument from authority on all sides so
the worst kind of argument the worst
kind of argument is the argument from
Authority the one that says you know it
doctor or so-and-so said X therefore X
is true right no that's that's not a
convincing argument
Devon Nunez said X therefore X is true
is no more convincing argument than Adam
Schiff said X therefore X is true or
trump said X therefore X is true or the
FBI said X therefore X is true if you
don't know what X is it's impossible for
you to independently judge whether X is
true or not and I don't trust any of
these people enough to know whether I
believe their accounts of what's
actually in the memo or what happened on
front pressure collusion or any of the
rest of it my own personal supposition
is that the memos materials about
Hillary Clinton are probably pretty
damning the memos materials about the
Trump campaign and an FBI investigation
of the Trump campaign would probably be
less so the allegation presumably noonas
sort of newness said this yesterday the
allegation is that the FBI utilized the
steal dossier which was the the Oppo
research dossier gathered by fusion GPS
a democratic Oppo intelligence firm at
the behest of Hillary Clinton that the
FBI got a hold of that Apple research
file and used it to open a FISA warrant
on Carter page a trump foreign policy
adviser and that's what launched the
entire Trump Russia collusion probe and
so Republicans are saying that's corrupt
you use democratic research basically
funneled by Russia to open the Trump
Russia probe in the first place but I'm
not sure there's a huge case for that
you know I would probably think that
they they based their original FISA
application on more than just the the
dossier if they base it on just the
dossier that's a problem but even then
there was a FISA warrants out for Carter
page you know tapping his phone since
2014 so Carter page has been on the
FBI's radar long before President Trump
was an issue and long before he was on
Trump's campaign so in any case just
because the FBI did stuff wrong and the
Clinton investigation doesn't
necessarily mean they did anything wrong
in the Trump Russia investigation and
Republicans by tying the two together by
suggesting the FBI screwed up the
Clinton investigation therefore they're
out to get Trump saying that is is a
jump it's a logical leap and it makes
Republicans look like they're actually
trying to take down the FBI in order to
protect Trump as opposed to looking at
the facts on the ground now Democrats on
there have been saying that the FBI is
clean all the way through so they look
like partisan hacks as well so the
Republicans look like partisan hacks by
tying together what we know about FBI
malfeasance on Hillary and what we don't
know about FBI malfeasance on Trump and
the Democrats look like hacks by saying
the FBI is clean and pure as the driven
snow and has been all along so again
this leaves us with the who do you trust
scenario now the the Trump
administration is now telling major
Garrett over at CBS News that the memo
is not going to be approved today that
it will instead be sent back to House
Intelligence Committee tomorrow with
roads actions from the White House based
on internal consultations with the FBI
and other agencies so the FBI gave
advice and the Trump administration will
take that advice and strike out some of
the language and then the White House
will not release the memo but send it
back to the committee for its release on
its own timetable meaning that they
would vote again to release the memo and
then Trump wouldn't say anything and
then after five days it would come out
which means that we drag this into next
week I'll explain what that means
politically and I will also go through
the battle that has ensued over the memo
in just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at man
crates man crates calm this is the best
place to find amazing gifts that your
man will love and ladies gentlemen we're
not going to discriminate based on
sexual orientation if you have a man
that you love in your life or you maybe
have a father a brother if you haven't
somebody in your life who's a man the
best gift that you can get them is a man
crate and the reason is because these
are curated gift collections for every
type of guy from sports fanatics to home
chefs to outdoorsmen and they come in
these amazing crates or ammo boxes the
crates actually send you an engraved
crowbar and you break open the box to
get to the gift so you really have to be
a man to do it and then they also send
over that you can get an ammo crate as
well and the ammo crate has the gift
inside so for example we have one right
over here
this yes you see it look at this this
right here it's a man crate and inside
this man crate are a bunch of poker
chips so this is this is one of their
their gifts I actually just got
something that didn't come in the crate
I was confused by it because I didn't
come and create but it is awesome and
then as a personalized guitar with my
name on it now you asked do I play
guitar the answer of course is no I do
not play guitar but now my wife will
love me even more you
as I learned in high school if you have
a guitar the chicks love you so it does
not even matter if you can play you just
carry it around and look brooding and it
should be awesome so that is my dad
that's the the what I'm gonna try
tonight with my man crate gift
so check out man crates calm pick the
perfect gift and then wait for the best
moment go to man crates calm slash pin
you get five percent off they don't
offer a discount anywhere else so you
have to go to man crates calm slash Bend
right now that's man crates calm slash
Ben as you can tell I am very
enthusiastic about man crate so go check
it out man crates calm slash Ben it's an
awesome gift it's it's really fun and
they have a great variety of stuff that
you can get for the man in your life who
likes to break things and every man in
your life I promise you if you think
they don't like to break things they all
love to break things okay so let's it
back to it back to memo 52018 I'm using
this voice all day long
memo 52018 so now we know according to
major Garrett that the White House will
not in fact release the memo today the
memo will be released presumably next
week right then next week we'll find out
the next week we'll find out what
exactly is in the memo and as I say I
think that it's overblown on pretty much
every side but you can see the two sides
battling it out so representative mark
meadows remember the freedom caucus
representative from I believe North
Carolina he comes out he says Devon
Nunez who is the head of the House
Intelligence Committee he has a duty to
inform Congress about abuses and that's
why the memo was written chairman Nunez
has an obligation an obligation to
inform Congress when there has been FISA
abuses and so all he's doing is falling
on his constitutional duty to let us
know about that okay so that is the
Republican attempt to to justify the
memo and then the Democrats say don't
release the memo now when the Democrats
say don't release mm oh it makes
Republicans who become somewhat
conspiratorial on this think well there
must be something in it they don't want
seen right why wouldn't they want to
release the memo like we're not gonna
take Democrats in good faith when
Democrats say we want to protect the
intelligence community if there is a
certain irony to the Democrats yelling
and screaming about protecting the FBI
when they spent years under Bush ripping
the CIA and the rest of the intelligence
community up and down all the time all
over right suddenly the FBI are the best
friends but this is the attack the
Democrats are gonna take Joe Manchin
Democrat from West Virginia senator he
says don't release the memo would you
say that the Pres
it's wrong to release that memo I was
definitely mr. president quiz nothing do
that that is wrong it is absolutely
wrong first of all people even revealed
his sources Devon Nunez okay this is a
man that was sanctioned by his own
committee members that he couldn't be on
the Russian probe this is a person
basically this kind of shoots from the
hip and I said he is Nunez has neutered
the credibility of this Intelligence
Committee on the House the Senate
Intelligence Committee is the only thing
that we have left that can put
confidence into the system and also into
the investigation so Nunez Nunez stood
to recall Nunez back in April went and
visited the White House and there he saw
documents that he said suggested the
members of the Obama administration had
unmasked members of the Trump
administration in FISA warrant
situations so unmasking is a process
whereby when when officials first get
reads on wiretaps that that are between
foreign agents foreign people who are
wiretapping in American citizens the
names of the American citizens are
hidden to protect the privacy the
members of the administration can ask
for those names to be unmasked Susan
Rice presumably did that with Mike Flynn
the former national security adviser
when he was talking with members of the
Russian government or members of the
Turkish government and Devon Nunez said
this was a misuse of her authority and
then he was sort of forced to recuse
himself he didn't technically recuse
himself but he sort of recused himself
from the Russia investigation but he
maintained that he was going to continue
looking into FBI malfeasance with regard
to for example obstruction of justice as
well as the Hillary investigation so all
this gets rather complicated but suffice
to say the new Nia Nunez is a is a
controversial character and Democrats
are seizing on that Adam Schiff Democrat
from California he's been leading the
charge every day the Trump Russia
collusion is real he goes on CNN
routinely it's like he has an office
staked out there at CNN he has his own
green room just labeled with his name
Adam chef and he has been saying every
day Trump Russia collusion Israel now he
says that to release this memo would
smear the FBI sadly we can fully expect
that the president United States will
not put the national interest over his
own personal interest but it is a sad
day indeed when that is also true of our
own committee because today this
committee voted to put the president's
personal interest
their own political interest above the
national interest in denying themselves
even the ability to hear from the
department and the FBI and that is I
think a deeply regrettable state of
affairs but it does show how in my view
when you have a deeply flawed person in
the Oval Office that flaw can infect the
