hello there Americans split on the gun
control walk out the right splits on
free trade and we'll check the mailbag
and do many other fun and amusing things
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
so he hadn't noticed I'm just in one of
those moods because I watched The
Avengers infinity trailer and all I can
say is does every character from every
movie have to appear in one movie should
we just make like isn't that called life
when we're all in the same movie
together but I guess that's the way
we're gonna do movies now so I'm doing
movie mashups I'd think Sleepless in
Seattle in a contagion should be in the
same universe
Shifa meg Ryan finally finds some Hanks
horrible disease okay we'll get to
actual news in just a second but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Skillshare so if you don't want
to end up like me trying to figure out
exactly how bad movies mash up with one
another then you need to make it resume
better right you need to actually put
more skills on your resume that's where
a skill share comes in skill share is
the best way to ensure that you're
constantly updating and increasing your
skill set that's what they are for
they're an online learning platform with
over 18,000 classes in design business
technology and more you can take classes
in graphic design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography you name
it they've got it we've here at the
office taken social media marketing
classes with them in search engine
optimization classes with them I took a
watercolor class with them Skillshare is
there to keep you learning and thriving
again everybody's gonna be moving around
jobs nobody's been working at the same
company for 30 years hired break it's
all my employees
you'll all be gone in the next three
months but after that you'll be looking
for a new job which is why they're all
on Skillshare
right now go to Skillshare dot-com slash
Shapiro and you get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents that's
right Skillshare is offering my
listeners right now two months of
unlimited access to over 18,000 classes
for just 99 cents to sign up go to
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro that skill
share comm slash Shapiro and you get
those two months for 99 cents right now
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro once
you're subscribed you're gonna want to
keep going because there are just too
many numbers they're just too many I
mean they're just too many classes that
are great there's just too many classes
that are great go to Skillshare comm
slash up hero and check it out alrighty
so the the fallout from yesterday's gun
control walkout continues and I'm
getting tons of the emails from kids who
feel like they were essentially
discriminated against at these walk outs
I just got one from a kid who wrote to
me and said that he wanted that he
wasn't intending on being political at
this walkout he waited until people
brought out the gun control signs then
he brought up the Gadsden flag and he
was immediately shut down by his school
he's immediately told he had to put it
away
and this is not rare I'm getting again
tons of these emails on a
minute-by-minute basis at this point
it's it's pretty it's pretty astonishing
and pretty shocking and demonstrates
once again that there are too many
teachers across the country who think
that they get to propagandize and use
their students as these propaganda
outlets now not every teacher is in
favor of this in fact there many
teachers who are not in favor of this
and there are lots of states like
California where you have to be a member
of a teacher's union in order to teach
and if you are a member of a teacher's
union you are expected to toe the party
line and one of the close family friends
of ours growing up was a guy who is a
member of the teachers unions because he
had to be and he would constantly get
the updates from the teachers unions and
they were all left-wing updates this is
a coordinated effort from the top and it
really is quite awful one teacher has
actually been suspended for questioning
the gun control walkout
her name is Julian julienne Ben Zell and
she says that she opened up the
discussion in her classroom about the
politics of the protest and she was
subsequently told to stay home on
Wednesday because the administration
didn't like it here's what she had to
say on CBS 13 local others in Northern
California boolean benzoyl says she
never discouraged her students for
participating in national school walkout
but she did question whether it's
appropriate for a school to support a
protest against gun violence if it's not
willing to support all protests it's the
best example I thought of at the time if
a group of students nationwide or even
locally decided I want to walk out of
school for 17 minutes and go in the quad
area and protest abortion okay and she's
of course exactly right if the students
decided to walk out and protest abortion
they would have no capacity to and none
of the teachers would sponsor it right
but because this is a national gun
anti-gun walkout all the students were
expected to walk out I've gotten notes
from students who say that they wanted
to stay in class because they didn't
feel like creating a hubbub they were
just gonna stay inside the school and
they've actually been getting notes from
teachers you know threats of suspension
for staying in the school during the
walkout so it's it's really astonishing
stuff and it demonstrates once and for
all that something really nefarious has
happened in a lot of our public schools
and that is our public schools have
become a tool for the left-wing
propaganda okay they really have
especially in in classes like social
science I know what what they used to
call history but now they call social
science you know those classes our
social studies rather those classes I've
been taking over
by the left and this is why so many
parents are pulling their kids out of
public school and putting their kids in
private school they're saying you're not
even doing a good job of insuring that
my kids are getting an education but you
can certainly ensure that my kids get to
walk out a class and miss class in order
to make a political statement that has
nothing to do with their education
because of course these kids can't vote
their parents can if their parents want
to do something they are free to lobby
why these kids should be leaving school
in order to do what they're doing that
is beyond me it doesn't seem like it
makes any sense at all but again these
teachers are political actors and
teachers unions are political activists
schools of thought that's what they do
if you look at just how teachers unions
work the way they bargain with the state
is they are basically democratic tools
and that was predicted long ago by
Olivia von mises in his book bureaucracy
talking about how any employee of the
state ends up being a propaganda outlet
for the state and this is certainly true
with regard to teachers unions because
the way it works with teachers unions is
you want to support Democrats because if
you elect Democrats Democrats will then
give you a cozy union payout and that's
the way that it works in the state of
California or the CalPERS system for
example is bankrupting the state where
teachers have signed union contracts
with the state they give them these very
very rich pensions and these pensions
are trillions of dollars unpaid
trillions of dollars at least hundreds
of billions of dollars and the state
lies about it and the state says well
don't worry we're gonna pay out we'll
never have to tax people additionally
because we're just gonna have certain
growth rate in the CalPERS fund none of
that's ever going to happen but again if
you're a teachers union then this is all
great for you all you have to do support
Democratic policies and get Democratic
politicians elected with all of the
union dues that the teachers pay in and
the state mandates that you pay your
union dues in order to work save this
guild and this guild is mandated by the
state you have to work for the guild in
order to work for the schools and then
the guild take some of your money and
pays those politicians to keep that that
system going keep that rig system going
and those politicians get to push
legislation and all they ask in return
is that the teachers unions push all of
their ancillary causes and that's what a
lot of these teachers unions are doing
it's really shocking and appalling and
again most of these students who are
walking out have no political bent one
way or another it's not like most of
these students who are walking out are
passionate about gun control the vast
majority of students who walked out
probably have no idea anything about gun
control they probably don't know any
facts about gun control in fact there
are some students who are walking out
just because they want to walk out and
go do stupid things like this is film
from Chicago students walked out and
they proceeded
to trash a Walmart for no reason so
these students charged into a Walmart
and they upturned all the stalls I like
the security guards laughing about it
well done security guards but it's just
a monster who the fact that young people
sometimes are stupid this does not mean
that all young people who walked out
don't have any political knowledge some
of them do some of them are politically
active some who oppose my position some
who support my position some who are in
favor of Second Amendment rights some
who are in favor of gun control but to
pretend that all of these students are
the wisest and fairest of all beings
they're the elves in our little morality
play of middle-earth it's just it's
foolish and it's not true at all
especially when you look at what
actually happened in Broward County so
this video came out yesterday and it
really is shocking it's video from
Broward County of the sheriff's deputy
right this is the on school site deputy
and he obviously first of all does not
look like he should be on school site
security one of the big problems that
you see when you talk about in school
security is very often these are rented
cops very often these are people who
could not pass a physical these are
people who could not run a block without
losing their breath is not everybody
who's a school deputy obviously but it
is true for a certain number of them and
it is important that you have some
people who actually are in good shape
know what they're doing
this guy I don't feel bad ripping on
because you'll see in the video that
they hear the gunshots he takes off on
his little golf cart to go over to the
area where the shooting is happening and
then you'll see in the video he stands
around and does nothing for 20 minutes
here's what it looked like when the when
the Broward County Sheriff's Office
released the tape so you can see him
it's a silent video so I'll narrate it
you can see him and Scott Peterson the
BSO school resource officer who looks
like he's maybe in his 50s and he drives
it over to the area where the shooting
is happening and then he proceeds to
legitimately just standing outside the
building he's just standing around
outside the building doing nothing I
mean it's an amazing thing right and he
there's there's part of this video that
we cut
out where he can actually see students
fleeing the building through another one
of these doors does he charge in does he
do anything no and according to the
Broward County Sheriff's Office the
orders that are given to their officers
are that if there is an act of school
shooting you are supposed to engage
we're not supposed to stand outside so
to talk about how these guys were told
that they were supposed to stand outside
how that was the policy of the
department that was not true so there's
there's one problem with the department
with regard to policy and that is this
policy that says we're not going to
arrest anyone because we don't want to
increase the arrest statistics on
students we want to show that our
students are doing really well and so
we'll just pretend that no crime is
going on but this one looks like it was
on Scott Peterson and not on the Broward
County Sheriff's Office per se
nonetheless this is not stopping the
agenda from rolling forward mika
brzezinski over at MSNBC she says the
NRA should be sued and things have
changed at least in the state of Florida
the NRA with their inflammatory ads and
threatening ads should be sued okay well
on what grounds do the NRA be sued in
order for you to sue somebody you
actually have to have legal grounds
there actually has to be a legal purpose
for the suit otherwise we'll be thrown
out but according to so many people on
the Left lawsuits happen when you're
angry at something so you don't like the
NRA says you get to throw it out can the
NRA was not responsible for the shooting
one of the most astonishing things I saw
yesterday was Code Pink calling for an
end to funding for JROTC on campus
they're saying well we don't want
campuses militarized we need to stop
funding JROTC there are three kids who
were killed were members of JROTC and
one of those kids actually threw himself
in front of bullets to save other kids
well this idiot cop was standing around
outside doing nothing one of these
students a fifteen year old he ran out
there and he tried to stop the shooter
already got in the way of the bullets he
saved his students he died in the
process and code pink is saying she got
rid of JROTC again the big problem with
evil is that evil cannot be prevented
simply by legal mechanisms usually evil
can only be prevented by good people it
can only be prevented by good people
doing the right things and unfortunately
the left is not ones who recognize the
real possibility of human evil they're
just not interested in recognizing that
possibility it's pretty it's pretty
horrible so meanwhile president Trump is
is embracing this new bill the school
safety bill and the school safety bill
really does not have much gun control
attached so everybody on the Left is of
course very upset about that they
thought that President Trump was going
to break the impasse on on school
on gun control that of course was never
really going to happen
so in just a few minutes I'm gonna talk
about what exactly is in the school
safety bill and we'll talk about that
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club so
and get up in the morning you look you
look at yourself in the mirror and you
see that you need to shave but all you
have is that rusty old razor and you
just forgot to run to the market to pick
up new razors and they're too expensive
anyway well this is where Dollar Shave
Club comes in okay Dollar Shave Club
gives you everything that you need in
order to be clean and and and wonderful
for the morning okay they are more than
just razors by the way they deliver
everything to you that you need to look
smell and feel your best shampoo body
wash treat placed everything come
straight to you you never have to worry
about running out of it at home because
it's coming to you on a regular shipment
basis they have the best razors I've
ever used you get an amazing
high-quality shave every morning from
the Dollar Shave Club executive razor
and the true hero of course is the dr.
Carver's shave butter which is just
fantastic
he's right here under the jawline is
just terrific another must-have is the
Dollar Shave Club delivery experience
because again you're always getting
caught up short on this stuff you are I
know you are oh yeah I am I mean if
you've had enough Dollar Shave Club I'd
constantly be looking around saying oh
no I'm out of toothpaste again I forgot
I'll pick up tomorrow morning but the
meantime yuck hey that happens all the
time well no you don't have to do that
anymore now it all comes directly to
your door for a mind-blowing experience
join Dollar Shave Club today and for
just $5 with free shipping you get the
six blade executive razor plus trial
sizes of shea butter body cleanser and
one wipe travel ease then you can keep
the blades coming for a few bucks more
per month get yours at
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash men again you
get that trial size of everything
including the magical butt wipes over at
dollarshaveclub.com it's lush men
there's a reason they're they're such a
fast-growing company it's because
everybody wants in and you can get in
right now at that special deal over at
dollarshaveclub.com
slash men check them out and get
everything that you need all righty so
the here is what's in these school
safety bills so it passed the house it
has the support of a wide variety of
Senators and it doesn't do anything
about gun control per se but it does do
some things about school security so
there is no parallel measure pending in
the Senate right now they're trying to
push gun control in the Senate of course
but that's not going to happen this bill
is instead a bill that doesn't allow
that that is seeking to increase
security
schools so the the it does not allow any
of the funding to any of the funding
that's going to be given for school
security be used for arming teacher or
other school personnel the the White
House wants that restriction lifted but
the bill itself is filled with some
measures that are designed to ensure
that that this stuff doesn't happen
again or at least that there's better
security on campus is funded by the
federal government so the school safety
bill let me bring up the actual
provisions of the bill right here so the
school safety bill is let's see it
passed by an overwhelming margin by the
way in the House of Representatives it
is not yet been brought brought up as I
say before the Senate again all the
people I'm left a very upset because
they think the only measure that can be
taken here is going to be gun control
but it steers clear of the demands of
gun control advocates it is the stop
school violence Act it provides 50
million dollars a year for a new federal
grant program to train students teachers
and law enforcement how to spot and
report signs of gun violence it also
develops anonymous telephone and online
systems where people could report
threats of violence and authorizes 25
million dollars for schools to beef up
security in ways such as installing new
locks metal detectors and panic buttons
okay so this is a good start
ok White House Democrats overwhelmingly
supported the school safety sorry the
House Democrats overwhelmingly supported
the school safety measure according to
the hill but they say this doesn't do
enough Republicans say this is only
beginning this is the first steps and ok
these should be the first steps
obviously I think that the states should
actually take precedence here I'm not
sure that the federal government should
be leading the way on any of this stuff
