President Trump and your staffing
problems announces tariffs and tanks the
markets and says we should give drug
dealers the death penalty so things are
going awesome Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
it's been a rough 48 hours for the
President of the United States it has
not been solid and we will go through
all of the non solidity in just a second
there are some real staffing issues over
at the White House and chaos in terms of
the internal dynamics at the White House
plus the presidents of the United States
Unleashed the most ignorant tweed storm
I have ever seen from him and that is
saying a lot here this one was on trade
policy and it is just freakin a grease
set mean really I met my four-year-old
daughter can probably do a better
explanation of trade and if it sounds
like I'm being too harsh I'm being not
harsh enough it's that bad so I will
explain all of that again guys don't
take it as though Trump's never done
anything good he's done lots of good
stuff but his trick up I'll get to it
okay so before I get to any of that
first let's say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so right now
you may have noticed the stock market is
quite volatile it just got more volatile
because the president said a bunch of
stupid crap on trade so now would be a
good time for you to take some of that
money he got in the stock market and
maybe invested in some precious metals
that aren't going to be touched by the
stupidity of American trade policy and
or inflationary policy so check it out
over at Birch gold group they've a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews a
plus rating with the Better Business
Bureau
if you contact him right now you get a
free information kit on physical
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit shows how gold and silver can
protect your savings as well as how you
can legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit again go to
birchgold.com slash pen that is
birchgold.com slash been suffice it to
say that as of January 28 the stock
market was twenty six thousand four
hundred today is it at twenty four
thousand three hundred can it's a two
thousand point drop in about five weeks
not wonderful so now would be a good
time for you to take a look at what led
maybe investing in some gold to go to
birchgold.com slash Bennie's that slash
Ben C at the free comprehensive kit and
so that you also let them know that we
sent you okay so as I mentioned the
markets not having a couple of good days
they're down five straight days and
they've dropped in the last five days
approximately a thousand points now is
that the end of the world no it's not
the end of the world except they dropped
a thousand points the month before so
one of the reasons they continued to
drop is because the President of the
United States does not know what the
hell he is talking about on trade and I
say this advice
okay the president I don't know if he
got his degree in from Wharton Business
School on trade from turning in
crackerjack box tops honestly I don't
know if he got like a decoder ring in
the mail I don't know where he learned
his economics but it is awful it is just
awful and he's actually implementing it
so as I said yesterday he said a bunch
of stupid crap on guns and then he's not
gonna implement any of it because
Congress is going to stop him on trade
the president has plenary power
essentially on trade because Congress
has abdicated its duty over the past 50
years and given the president the
ability to raise and lower tariffs
essentially on his own for virtually any
purpose here is what Trump tweeted out
today it's really really dumb okay this
is six hours ago when a country USA
Thank You mr. president is losing many
billions of dollars on trade with
virtually every country it does business
with trade wars are good and easy to win
example when we are down 100 billion
with a certain country and they get cute
don't trade anymore we win big it's easy
the levels of stupidity are like a
Russian nesting doll here you open up
the top level of stupidity and there's
another level of stupidity beneath it
except it's an infinite regress of
nesting dolls because there is no
tiniest nesting doll of stupidity in
this tweet okay so we'll go through this
sentence by sentence when he says that
we are losing many billions of dollars
on trade you don't lose money on trade
when you go to amazon.com and you buy
yourself a used book did you lose money
on the trade no you voluntarily opted to
buy a product when you go to a grocery
store and they give you an apple and you
give them 50 cents did you lose money on
the trade no you bought an apple for 50
cents this is the necessity of how trade
works it is a two sided exchange a
voluntary consensual exchange
demonstrating both that you have
consented to the exchange and that you
have free will over your own labor and
can trade your own labor and the
products of it for something else this
is the magic of free trade it's not just
a free trade is more efficient though it
is it's also that it is more moral
because you get to determine how much
your labor is worth and how much your
money is worth and if you don't like
paying 50 cents for an Apple here you
can go down the street and you can pay
40 cents for an Apple somewhere else
because of competition in free trade
when he says that trade deficits are
necessitate trade wars and we says trade
wars are good and easy to win name one
name a
trade war that was good and easy to win
you can't win a trade war let me take my
example a little bit further so you went
to the grocery store and you bought a
hundred dollars worth of groceries but
the grocery store does not contract with
you the grocery store doesn't buy
anything from you the grocery store
doesn't use your services because after
all you're a garbage man and the grocery
store doesn't need you so do well how do
you retaliate against the grocery store
are you angry at the grocery store
because they didn't use your services
and do you decide that what the best
possible solution would be is to not go
to Ralph's but instead to go to Gelson's
where everything is twice as much and go
over to Gelson's and pay twice the
amount because raus isn't using you and
Gelson's might is this what you're going
to do or forget about whether Gelson's
is using you right Gelson's may not use
you either but you decide that you're
gonna penalize Ralph's because Ralph's
used to use you and now they're no
longer using you so you decide to pay
twice as much for your groceries does
this make any sense if amazon.com is not
hiring you as a contractor do you stop
shopping at Amazon and instead go over
to the local bookstore and pay twice as
much money
of course you don't because that would
be stupid your trade deficit with Amazon
is whatever it is that you paid for the
product when you buy from the grocery
store you now have a trade deficit of
$100 if you spend $100 on your groceries
because the grocery store didn't buy
anything from you does that mean you
should go to a more expensive grocery
store and then if you boycott the
grocery store you have somehow won no it
means that you just chopped your own leg
off because you're stupid
okay that's what trade wars are this has
been known since the days of Ricardo
David Ricardo has been known for 300
years this is 16th century mercantilism
he's talking about here and it's a giant
fail when he says when we're down a
hundred billion dollars with a certain
country and they get cute don't trade
anymore we win big ok there are many
countries in the world that have trade
surpluses overall trade surpluses let me
name one of those countries that has a
trade surplus for you Venezuela
Venezuela has a trade surplus you know
why because no one because they're there
because no one in Venezuela has the
ability to buy anything for it they put
up enormous tariffs and so Venezuela has
a trade surplus and people are eating
dogs people are literally eating dogs in
the street trade surplus trade deficit
mean nothing because all a trade surplus
or trade deficit recognizes is that you
are paying another country for product
you're voluntarily participating in
exchange and then that money is not
being paid back by that country
to you but here's the magic of trade
also when you pay a dollar for a Chinese
product and it ends up in China what do
you think happens to that dollar do you
think they just take it and store it
somewhere do you think that it magically
turns into yen so now they've won so
they can now turn around and use it in
China no they have to use it in the
United States because we have a
different currency than they do so they
turn around and they invest it back in
the United States in our stock market in
our bonds this is how the economic on
imme works you have to be so
economically ignorant to tweet something
like this it is truly amazing
but Trump didn't stop there here's some
other stuff that he tweet we quote we
must protect our country and our workers
our steel industry is in bad shape if
you don't have steel you don't have a
country what now
again this is very stupid we don't put
our steel industry is not in bad shape
our steel industry as I told you
yesterday was up 5% in production last
year and all of our steel companies have
had stock increases over the last 10 to
15 years
Nucor which is the top tool steel
producer in the United States it's stock
prices at $12 in 2000 it is now at $65
they're telling me that the steel
industry is dying in the United States
is doing just fine
seventy two point five percent of all
steel consumed in the United States is
also produced in the United States our
steel industry is not dying also
somebody should inform Switzerland if
they're not a country anymore because
Switzerland does not produce its own
steel in fact many countries don't
produce their own steel they don't
produce it on steel because sometimes
they don't have the actual materials
available to produce their own steel
does this mean the country doesn't exist
anymore I'm not aware that Israel
produces lots of its own steel I don't
think Israel has like great steel
deposits or deposits and they import
most of their steel is Israel not a
country anymore and not a powerful
country anymore of course not because
that's stupid and then he says he
explains further professor professor
Trump he explains when a country taxes
our products coming in and say 50% and
we taxed the same products coming into
our country at 0% not fair or smart we
will soon be starting reciprocal taxes
so we will charge the same thing as they
charge us 800 billion dollar trade
deficit have no choice again this is
dumb let's say the China taxes our
products 50% coming in right they tax
every product that we send them 50%
coming in which means presumably we're
not selling as many products they're you
know what else is happening Chinese
citizens are paying at least 50%
more for the same product there
impoverishing their own citizens they're
just making their own citizens pay more
for a products they could have gotten
more cheaply elsewhere so is the
solution for the united states to jack
up its own prices remember everyone in
the united states is both a producer and
a consumer in the steel industry there
gonna be a lot of people who are very
happy with the tariffs because now they
don't have to compete with foreign
sources but for every steel job there
are 45 jobs in this country that use
steel inputs whose prices just went up
so Wilbur Ross the the Commerce
Secretary whose most famous for falling
asleep in cabinet meetings and drooling
I'm serious okay real is not a joke okay
that was reported by the New York Times
apparently Trump got pissed at it
because he would legitimately fall
asleep in cabinet meetings top men okay
and Wilbur Ross goes on television today
and he says you know there's a ton of
Steel and American cars and that means
that if you raise the tariffs by 25%
it's only raising the amount of the car
by like half of 1% chump change
number one not necessarily chump change
to the guy who's paying for the car next
100 75 bucks on the $35,000 car is not
necessarily chump change to everybody
hey that's number one number two you're
assuming that you can just make the
calculation by the amount of steel in a
car that's not correct there are lots of
contractors between the or and between
the car okay in every step of the way
there is markup so if there is a steel
product that is used in the making of an
engine that is very often outsourced to
another company that means the DAP
company now has to pay more for the
steel which means that they manufacture
the product and they don't just pass the
amount of the cost on they pass the
amount plus the labor plus the profit
right that means now they're charging
more for that input and let's say it's a
piece of an engine now somebody has to
put that engine together and so they
have to buy that product which is
already marked up so they mark it up
even more and this is how tariffs
snowball when the President of the
United States Barack Obama raised
tariffs on Chinese tires
we lost 12,000 jobs in the in the auto
industry because Barack Obama raised the
prices of tires okay and tires are a lot
cheaper to manufacture and make and sell
than cars are hey this is all stupid it
doesn't make any sense it's economically
illiterate and it's so funny there are
all these people today or oh oh oh this
is what from Brunt on they ran on this
so obviously he's gonna do it yeah I
didn't hear you saying the same thing
about Barack Obama he ran a lot of
garbage too and then he did a lot of
that garbage we were all kind of pissed
about it I recall yeah I was angry
when Trump said this stuff during the
campaign this is not me new to the game
here hey I was reading full pieces in
March 2016 about why Trump's trade
policy was idiotic he and Bernie Sanders
basically have the same trade policy
note to everyone if you have the same
policy on anything as Bernie Sanders
you're stupid hey you should not have
the same policy as Bernie Sanders on
things Bernie Sanders policy is awful
awful awful so in just a second I'm
gonna explain to you all of the reasons
why tariffs are bad we can go back to
economic rudiments we're gonna go back
to the very beginning and I'll speak in
short words and phrases so that people
can understand because it seems like
there are a lot of people don't
understand if it seems like I'm angry
about this it's because I am this is
legitimately econ 101 hey this is not
complex it is not difficult it really is
not hey just take it down to your normal
everyday interaction with other people
and you see how dumb this argument is
the other reason I'm angry is if you
want the president to have a successful
term then you would like for the economy
to be good there are a lot of people
saying hey well don't worry about
everything he says don't worry the 57%
of the American public by polls think
the president's a racist if the economy
is good everything will be fine and the
president says hold my beer I'm starting
a trade war okay great it's great it
alright well we'll explain all of this a
little bit more in just a second first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at my Patriot supply so right now
there's natural disasters going on all
around the world in Puerto Rico they're
still trying to recover from natural
disasters imagine there's a natural
disaster in your area and the government
can't get to you and all the grocery
store shelves have been emptied because
the chain of supply has been disrupted
by a stupid trade war and imagine that
you now have to figure out how to live
well the best way to do that is going to
be with a is going to be by talking my
friends over at my Patriot supply okay
right now as I say in Puerto Rico there
are people going with food with fort
without food for weeks after disaster
and then finally a FEMA truck will roll
through through the neighborhood and
drop off a care package and inside it's
mostly junk food well you don't need to
be the person who stuck like that this
week get my Patriot supplies one-year
emergency food supply for just 999
dollars okay you heard that right this
is one year's worth of food for under a
thousand bucks and normally you know
you're talking about getting like enough
for just a little while but again in
Puerto Rico it is months past natural
disaster month past natural disaster and
people still don't have the food
they need this kit normally sells for
over two thousand dollars but this week
for 999 dollars you get a one-year
emergency food supply call eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
and ask for the Ben Shapiro one-year
food kit special price nine hundred
ninety nine dollars when you use my name
you get that special price otherwise
gonna be paying a couple grand for it or
order online at prepare with Ben calm no
more relying on a few minutes India an
old bag of potato chips it's gonna last
you for a day it's time your family was
self-reliant 888 803 1413 888 803 1413
or prepare with Ben calm again that's
prepare with Ben calm no reason for you
to be reliant on the government under
any circumstances and this is a one-time
buy because this food last 25 years in
storage so you do it once you never
gonna have to worry about it again
888 803 1413 8 8 8 803 1413 or prepare
with Ben calm again prepare with Ben
calm let them know that we sent you ok
so as I say the Presidents tariff policy
is full-on ridiculous
ok it is not good and here is why it's
just number one tariffs are an unfair
tax you are taxing one industry on
behalf of another industry you are
taxing people who buy cars on behalf of
the steel industry and jobs will be lost
in the car industry because you are
attempting to save jobs in the steel
industry as I said yesterday there are
two hundred thousand jobs that were lost
in the United States between 2001 and
2003 because of george w bush's far less
stringent steel tariffs and Trump isn't
just talking steel tariffs anymore he's
talking about full scale trade war with
everybody who has tariffs on our
products which is just brilliant if all
of these countries which wish to charge
their own citizens more for products to
protect their domestic industries then
fine we should take advantage of that
you get richer when you buy cheaper
products if you don't have to pay as
much for stuff you're getting richer and
we're not all reliant on foreign tricky
the United States a massive market
economy we generate most of what we
produce I mean we do most of what we
produce we consume here in the United
States I'm in most businesses so if
everybody else decides that they are
going to try to try to destroy our
ability to import into their country to
