so our big media companies cracking down
on conservative news we'll talk about it
a couple stories say they are plus
there's a Harvard professor who's now
being ripped apart for supposedly
supporting the alright is he will talk
about that too and the Obama library I
promised it to you yesterday you will
get it today I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
now you're gonna have to wait a little
bit more for the Obama library because I
promise you're gonna want to see the
pictures if you have not seen it it is
an atrocity I mean it's just an
aesthetic atrocity we'll get to that in
just a second plus project Veritas
actually does some something really good
today I've said this before about James
O'Keefe that James is he does some
really good stuff he can be hit or miss
but he did I think a service to the
conservative public today I'll explain
why first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Zeile so yeah you are
stressed out let's be real the holidays
are over and now you're back in the
workflow and everything is terrible
because the holidays aren't coming up
again for another full year what do you
need you need a massage that's why you
need to go over my friends over at Zeile
Zeile is all about getting a massage on
demand hey zo calm or heels iPhone or
Android app it's called ze e L calm and
you select from top local licensed
pre-screened massage therapists you
choose your favorite technique your
gender preference time and location for
your massage they show up at your house
with all the stuff they bring the table
they bring the oils they bring the music
it is bringing a spa to your living room
and it's on demand seven days a week 365
days a year they can be at your door in
as little as an hour it's private it's
convenient its quality its comfort I
know this because I've used it my wife
has used it my father is used to my
mother is used it my sister has used it
my mother-in-law has used it virtually
everyone in our family has been the
beneficiary of Zeile Zeo calm and right
now when you use promo code been at
checkout you got 25 bucks off your first
massage again 25 bucks off your first
massage when you use promo code been at
checkout and right now if you sign up
for their massage membership you get 20%
off all your massages plus a free
massage table and sheet set a $380 value
yours for free no initiation for you to
join the membership just a great
additional savings on top of the $25
discount you're gonna get when you use
promo code Benton so go to ze e l zo
comm or on zeals iPhone or Android app
make sure you use add promo code to
check out use my code Ben get 25 bucks
off your first in-home on-demand
massage makes for a fantastic gift for a
loved ones alrighty so let us begin with
James O'Keefe so James O'Keefe made some
real news yesterday because he had
talked to a insider over at Twitter a
former Twitter staffer and this Twitter
staffer explained in full living detail
is that Twitter apparently shadow bans
people where Twitter will downgrade
particular tweets prevent people from
seeing them I've heard this about my own
tweets in the past that Twitter that
I'll tweet something out and people who
follow me don't actually see the tweet
it's really disturbing here's a little
bit from the James O'Keefe
tape this is undercover tape with with
one of the members of the Twitter staff
[Music]
so count that will you and then your
discretion because they keep posting but
no one sees their context so they just
think that no one's engaging with their
content there's a low and here's what
they're saying so there's a guy named
Abhinav Padre was a former Twitter
software engineer and he says shadow
Manning takes place he says one strategy
is to shadow ban so you have ultimate
control the idea of a shadow ban is that
you ban someone but they don't know
they've been banned because they keep
posting and no one sees their content so
they just think no one is engaging when
they're content when in reality no one
is seeing it Twitter software engineer
Stephen Pierce said quote every single
conversation is gonna be rated by a
machine and machine is going to say
whether or not it's a positive thing or
a negative thing and whether it's
positive or negative doesn't and then
it's inaudible it's more like if
somebody's being aggressive or not right
somebody's just cursing at somebody they
may have a point but it will just vanish
it's not gonna ban the mindset it's
gonna ban a way of talking oh Linda
Hasan is a policy matter for Twitter's
trust and safety team which is the most
Orwellian name and they say they are
working on down ranking bad people it's
something we're working on we're trying
to get the bleep he people not to show
up it's a product thing that we're
working on right now and then there was
another guy who you heard at the very
beginning a guy named Owen awry who's a
Twitter content review agent and they
say that in the past they would manually
ban or censor pro-trump or conservative
content they said yeah and they said if
this is pro Trump I don't want it
because it's offend because it
offends me and I say and I say I banned
this whole thing and that it goes over
here and they're like oh you know what I
don't like it to Moe's right let's go
let's carry on
what's next they said that more
left-leaning content would go through
their selection process with less
political scrutiny okay this is not a
tremendous shock if you've ever been on
Twitter there's been a lot of talk about
this for years this has been rumored for
years obviously the people who have been
banned on Twitter and they're people who
I am not particularly fond of and some
of the alt-right Twitter trolls the
people who have been banned I'm not a
fan of their stuff but the idea that
they get banned and a bunch of people on
the Left don't get banned for similar
content from the left is just insane to
me it's not a shock that Twitter is
downgrading content we found out earlier
this week by the way that Google is
basically downgrading content from
conservatives how do we know because
right now if you go over to Google comm
and you search the name of the website
that I run daily wire which is 8 which
is a fully credible site ok most of what
we do is aggregate news from other
sources most of what we are doing is
taking the news and then adding a bit of
commentary to it so we're it's very rare
that we actually report original news at
Daily wire nonetheless if you actually
go over to Daily wire on Google and you
search daily wire there's something that
pops up and what pops up is something
that says on the right side of the page
writes about and then it'll show some of
our old pieces and then there's a thing
they click on and it says reviewed
claims ok reviewed claims are a bunch of
claims that come from Snopes and climate
feedback and factcheck.org in fact all
of the leftist fact-checking
organizations and Snopes is a left-wing
fact-checking organization they have a
nasty habit of taking a factual
statement or right-wing or makes and
then drawing some sort of conclusion
from that statement and then arguing
with the conclusion that they are
drawing from that statement PolitiFact
they do the same thing a lot of these
backchecking organizations aren't
actually fact-checking the fact that's
being espoused instead what they are
doing is fact-checking some conclusion
that they draw from the facts so for
example I remember PolitiFact's did a
very long review of a video that I did
about how many people in Muslim
countries have extremist beliefs my
entire video was based on poll results
from Pew Research at Global right it was
at the entire the entire video that I
did you can view it has several million
hits at this point is me just saying a
certain percentage of the population of
Pakistan believes suicide bombings are
OK for example so what did PolitiFact do
they couldn't argue with any of the poll
numbers out citing instead they argued
with my definition of extremist so when
I said that
extremists to believe that Sharia law
should rule they would say well that
depends on your definition of Sharia law
are they just saying the cheerio law
should rule in their own country or
globally okay that you arguing with my
definition that doesn't mean what I'm
saying is false right you're arguing
with my conclusion which is fine and
that's a matter of opinion that's not a
matter of fact
PolitiFact ranked my entire video false
though the most hilarious part of that
politifact fact check is that they did
their own calculation they found
something like twenty percent of the
entire Muslim population on planet Earth
was extreme by their own calculation
meaning that some 200 million people are
extreme and then in their own fact-check
they say but we don't want to draw that
conclusion or anything well we were not
comfortable with the conclusions that
were drawn the reason all this is a
problem is because there's an attempt
now to reassert gatekeeping from the top
there's an attempt that's happening
right now in real time to reassert the
gatekeeping of news and a lot of this is
driven by the fake news mania that the
left has pushed in the aftermath of
Hillary Clinton losing the election so
Hillary lost we can't just say she lost
because she's a crappy candidate instead
we are going to say the reason that she
lost is because of fake news it's
because people are putting out stuff
that was false now there are stories
that are actually false but they're
stories about how pizza gate was real
for example where there's no factual
basis to it whatsoever
okay that's actual thick news then
there's stuff you disagree with and
unfortunately because the left disagrees
with so much of what the right has to
say what you see very often is the left
actually engaging in a process where
they will shut down the the
dissemination of conservative oriented
news because they're saying it's a
factual or counterfactual that's not
true that's not true so you've seen
there's been talk about this on some of
the major on some of the major websites
it's certainly true on Google that how
you search on Google is very different
than the search results that you
received from another web engine like
Bing the obviously twitter has been
downgrading conservatives for a while so
what James O'Keefe uncovered here is
something that's very troubling it's one
of the reasons why for example YouTube
has gotten itself in serious trouble
they demonetised a video that I did with
Dave Rubin the other day which is the
least controversial political video of
all time they D monetized a conversation
I do with Blair white on transgenderism
which is a very friendly conversation
with a transgender person about the
pronouns that ought to be used in
addressing transgender people that was
demonetised
right YouTube has demonetised a lot of
university videos so much so the Prager
University is suing YouTube now is that
a lawsuit that can sustain I'm not sure
it can because these are all private
companies but it is certainly true that
we do have a troubling situation that
people should know about when all of the
major ways that you gain your news are
being curated by a bunch of lefties on
the top who are biasing the newsfeed in
favor of their own in their own favorite
political beliefs knowing that other
media outlets will praise them for doing
so so good on okie for doing this and
this is something you should keep an eye
on just because news is being downgraded
by an outlet does not mean that that
news is fake news I mean as I say daily
wire is is now has these reviewed claims
over at Google guess what doesn't slate
Huffington Post salon right none of
these have this right none of them CNN
none of them have the the the reviewed
claims aspect instead they're just using
left-wing fact checkers to fact-check
it's not just Daily wire by the way it's
Daily Caller it's the Federalists it's
only right-wing sites basically which is
just insane okay in a second I want to
discuss another way that the left is
shutting down debate but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
tracker so you lost your keys you lost
your wallet you're searching for them
again it takes you an hour you're late
to your meeting this has happened to me
so many times I cannot count my wife
used to lose her phone on a regular
basis like I know when I say regular I
mean like twice a day like every place
we'd go she turned me and say where's my
phone
what have to worry about that anymore
thanks to tracker tracker changes
everything when they released a first
tracking device
they changed the entire market now they
have the tracker pixel it is the whole
latest Bluetooth tracking device on the
market you put tracker pixel on whatever
you tend to lose your keys your wallet
your purse it is small enough to fit
anywhere and when you misplace an item
that has a tracker pixel attached to it
you can use your smart phone and a 90
decibel alert will help you find it in
seconds so this beeping noise even has a
powerful LED light so you can find
anything in the dark and if you lose
your phone here's the coolest thing you
lose your phone you can't find it okay
but you turned your ringer off so now
you're trying to dial it and locate it
by the ring but the ringers off so what
do you do well if you have the tracker
pixel you hit the track or pixel on your
keychain and it actually overrides the
sound settings on your phone and that
means that you can now find your phone
even if it's even if the sound is off
which is a super cool thing you can even
locate your item if it's miles away
because every tracker user is part of
the largest crowd locate network in the
world sort of like Waze except
finding your stuff tractor has a 30-day
money-back guarantee so you really have
nothing to lose check it out 20% off
your order when you go to the track our
comm / Ben that's the e th e track our
comm / Ben you get 20% off again that's
the tracker comm / Ben again it's one of
those things you don't think about until
it makes your life inordinately easier
and that's what the tracker comm / Ben
is where he's that / Ben's that they
know that we sent you okay so in other
ways that the left has been shutting
down to bait there is this tape going
around of steven pinker steven pinker is
not a right-wing finger a figure as
Steven Pinker is a professor at Harvard
I took the class when I was at Harvard
Law School with Pinker and Alan
Dershowitz which is kind of a fun class
and Pinker is of course the author of a
book called the blank slate one of the
things that makes Pinker controversial
among a lot of people on the left is
that Pinker doesn't believe in the
ultimate malleability of human beings he
believes that the reason he titled his
book the blank slate is because he was
saying that that perception of humans
that we are a blank slate and that we
don't have any natural inclination we
don't have any natural presets he says
that's nonsense and that means that
we're constantly battling with our own
nature in order to change well Steven
Pinker was doing a panel for spikes
magazine the unsafe space tour panel at
Harvard Pinker has come under fire
recently because he'll say things that
are true like women may have different
different interests in than men do in
the career space which may account for
some of the discrepancies between men
and women in terms of science staffing
right he'll say things like
statistically speaking blacks commit
crimes more often than whites and then
he'll explain why that is that that has
nothing to do with race per se it has
more to do with culture it has more to
do with history it maybe has to do with
they made a stir with poverty but he's
willing to say facts that people on the
left are not willing to say so Pinker in
discussing this starts talking about how
political correctness has really led to
the rise of the alt-right then what
political correctness has done is it is
said to a lot of people that you're not
even allowed to say facts like men and
women are different or that race has
commit crimes at different rates because
if you say that then people are afraid
of the conclusions are gonna draw so
we're talking earlier about how the
fact-checking organizations do this they
don't like the poll results that I cite
so instead they argue with the
conclusion that I say and then label the
polls that I say it Falls right this is
what Pinker says he says if he can't
even acknowledge the on-the-ground facts
what you're actually doing is helping
people in the alt-right because here's
the logic they're a bunch of people in
the alt-right and/or who are not even in
the alright yet and they will say listen
I'm looking at the statistics and what I
see is that black people commit more
crimes than white people on an average
per capita basis and then people are
muffled oh that's not true you can't say
that you're a racist and then people on
the right will say you know people who
not even on the right people who will
see that fact will say well if it's
taboo for me to even cite that fact
maybe it's taboo maybe it's also taboo
but not false to be racist about that
fact it suggests that the race is
inherently what's driving the crime
right if the politically correct people
would say that's a true fact now here's
the explanation that has nothing to do
with racism which by the way is not a
left thing and something that I do on a
regular basis when I'm arguing against
the alt right but the left won't do that
the left will and acknowledge the common
basis of fact instead they will just say
you're not allowed to mention the fact
because the fact itself is racist so
this is what Pinker says and Pinker just
got shellacked for this I mean he's just
getting destroyed by the left here is
what Pinker had to say in his own words
the other way in which I I do agree with
my fellow panelists that that political
correctness has done an enormous amount
of harm in in the sliver of the
population that might be I wouldn't want
to say persuadable but certainly whose
affiliation might be up for grabs comes
from the often highly literate highly
intelligent people who gravitate to the
alt-right internet savvy media savvy who
often are radicalized in that way who
swallowed the red pill as the saying
goes the illusion from from from the
matrix when they are exposed to the
first time to true statements that have
never been voiced in college campuses or
in the New York Times or in respectable
media that are almost like a bacillus to
which they have no immunity and they are
immediately infected with both a feeling
of outrage that these truths are
unassailable and no defense against
taking them
to what we might consider to be rather
repellant conclusion so here is a fact
that's going to sound regionally
controversial but is not and that is
that capitalist societies are better
than communist ones here's another one
men and women are are not identical in
their life priorities in their sexuality
in their in their tastes and interests a
