president Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani
says Robert Muller is not going to
indict President Trump but Robert Muller
is still digging Michael Cohen finds
himself on the wrong end of leaks again
and the media lie about President Trump
and immigration I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
so today is the day folks if you've not
heard already I'm taking Ben Shapiro
shall live to audiences in Dallas and
Phoenix presale tickets have been going
extremely fast particularly our VIP
packages I think they're very few left
in fact there's been such demand from
our subscribers we've asked the venue's
to open up 50 additional VIP tickets at
each event because we're getting a lot
of complaints that they were sold out
already today is the final day for
premium subscribers to get your presale
tickets so if you're not a subscriber
you should subscribe so that we can get
access to the tickets because tonight at
10 p.m. local time
everyone gets access to the tickets
tonight at 10 p.m. everyone gets access
to the tickets whether you remember
whether or not a member you can now buy
a ticket at 10 p.m. tonight wherever you
are seats will go fast for both VIP and
general sales tickets if you are not
already a subscriber again be sure to
sign up now and get that presale code
and you can get early access to the best
seats in the house go to Daley wired.com
slash events to get your presale tickets
an additional info again that's Daley
wire.com / events to get an presale
tickets an additional info I'm really
pumped to be bringing the show live to
folks the tickets are going incredibly
fast and getting a lot of notes from
people you know begging pleading for
extra tickets so we opened up a few
extras so please go check it out and I
promise it's gonna be a fun event and I
want to be it'll be a big blast before I
get into the news and there's a lot of
news to get in today first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at Legal
Zoom so pretend you're in the government
you need legal help for just a second
well people you would go to our the
folks over at legal zooms that you're
not spending hundreds of thousands of
dollars on legal work because attorneys
are super expensive you're gonna pay 300
bucks an hour for probably an associate
when I was an associate at a top law
firm they were charging 250 bucks an
hour for my time that was like 10 years
ago
hey you could otherwise go to Legal Zoom
and they don't have to pay that 2
million Americans have used legal zooms
to start their business with LLC's
incorporation and more but even after
your business is set up Legal Zoom can
still help you out things like lease
agreements changing tax laws contract
reviews they're all part of running your
own business but these are precisely the
kinds of legal hurdles that do take time
and effort away from your growing
business which is why Legal Zoom has
created their business legal plan so
this is pretty awesome with it you get
legal advice for your business from
vetted independent attorneys and tax
professionals available in every state
you also receive access to NDA's lease
agreements and more in the best part is
you're not gonna get charged by the hour
because Legal Zoom is not a law firm
instead you just pay one low upfront
price so this is going to save you a ton
of money legal costs are extraordinarily
expensive check out Legal Zoom is
misleading plan at legalzoom.com right
now
and get special savings when you enter
promo code been at checkout again
legalzoom.com enter promo code Bennett
check out Legal Zoom is where life meets
legal let them know we sent you by using
that promo code bed and get their
special deal alrighty so the news of the
day is that the media are just garbage
I'm sorry I've been railing against the
use of the term fake news for years on
this program when it does not apply when
President Trump says that it's fake news
for example that the media are
misreporting his crowd size that's not
fake news but this week I have to tell
you it's an amazingly I'm getting notes
from people I'm getting texts from
people people who did not vote for Trump
in the last election who are now telling
me either they're turning me into a
Trumpkin the media are turning me into a
huge Donald Trump fan why because the
great arbiters of truth and decency
these wonderful arbiters of all that is
good in the world it turns out they are
objectively lying about issues ranging
from Hamas to now ms-13 so the
democratic new playbook I guess for 2018
is defend calm us defend ms-13 and rip
on the NRA that's the new playbook from
the Democrats and the media are
parroting that every step of the way
what am I so hot and bothered about
today well we'll get to the Hamas
coverage in just a second but here's
what I'm really hot and bothered about
today president Trump yesterday was
doing an event with much of sheriff's
from all over the country and one of the
sheriffs mentioned ms-13 and President
Trump responded in this way here's clip
three we had people coming into the
country of trying to come and we're
stopping a lot of them but we're taking
people out of the country you wouldn't
believe how bad these people these are
people these are animals and we're
taking them out of the country at a
level at a rate that's never happened
before okay so here is the reality what
Trump was specifically specifically
talking about was ms-13 because the line
that led up to this was a sheriff saying
we can't actually deport ms-13 people
the line leading up to this there's a
sheriff named Mims who said thank you
there could be an ms-13 member I know
about if they don't reach a certain
threshold I cannot tell ice about it and
then Trump responded to the ms-13
reference by saying we have people
coming into the country but we're taking
people out of the country wouldn't
believe how bad these people are these
aren't people these are animals so how
did the media cover this he's
specifically talking about ms-13 it is
obvious that he's talking about ms-13 it
is clear that he's talking about ms-13
and that's 13 actual tagline I mean this
is their actual marketing lines that our
members
is rape steal control these are not good
people they are in fact as close to
animals as you'll find in human beings
so how did the media report this let me
show you how the media report this
here's the New York Times so this is
what they tweeted out Trump lashed out
at undocumented immigrants during a
White House meeting calling those trying
to breach the country's borders animals
no he didn't he did not lash out at all
illegal immigrants he lashed out at
ms-13 and they are animals there have
been several stories in the last couple
of years about ms-13 members literally
ripping hearts out of bodies while the
people are still alive beheading their
political enemies bringing drugs into
the country and this 13 are some of the
worst people on planet earth if the if
the descriptor animal does not apply to
ms-13 and legitimately applies to no one
and yet the media are trying to plate as
though Trump is not talking about ms-13
instead Trump was talking about illegal
immigrants at large Ellison Trump has
had some bad stuff about illegal
immigration generally and he's been over
brought in his language that's not what
happened here
what happened right here was that he was
ripping on ms-13 and the media decided
to deliberately take him out of context
and it wasn't just the New York Times
it was c-span he was CNN it was the New
York Times it was the Washington Post
they all decided to report this as
though Trump was talking about illegal
immigrants more broadly they were lying
they were lying and these lies have been
very typical of the media this entire
week this entire week we've heard from
the media that innocents were killed on
the border between Gaza and Israel
except for the fact that Hamas admitted
yesterday that 50 of the 62 people
killed were Hamas members and another
three were members of Islamic Jihad so
53 out of the 62 people killed were
active terrorists who works for active
terrorist groups designated as such by
the State Department and the media
covered it as though this is all Trump's
fault that evil evil Trump and Hamas
bunch of innocent folks and now it's
ms-13 like really this is the Train you
want to jump on media you hate Trump so
much that you're going to deliberately
take him out of context and then you
wonder why we don't trust the media and
one of the great myths about President
Trump is that people on the right don't
like the media because Trump doesn't
like the media nonsense people on the
right like Trump because Trump doesn't
like the media okay we didn't like the
media a long time ago as I said at CPAC
my entire career we've spent thinking
the media are totally full of it I
remember my parents canceling their
subscriptions and Los Angeles Times in
the mid 90s over there
average of Israel the media has always
been egregiously bad but this last week
has been just an incredible
demonstration of how bad they are
and this is why you wonder why people
are resonating to president Trump you
wonder why because Trump will take a
stand like ms-13 are a bunch of animals
or like Hamas is bad and when they put
people in front let me put terrorists
behind human shields in an attempt to
get people killed for the cameras that's
bad and he's right about both those
things and the media because they hate
Trump so much decide to side with Hamas
inside with ms-13 and then we're
supposed to side with the media we're
supposed to believe the media's
narrative about Trump we're supposed to
believe what the media have to say about
truth and honor and how there's just
fire fighters running to the fire they
have no agenda
their objective their truthful bull
bleep okay that is nonsense and
everybody knows that's nonsense no
members of the media you want to regain
your credibility you wonder why the
American people don't trust you because
you don't deserve their trust because
you are not acting in trustworthy
fashion because you are acting in many
cases as fake news and in many other
cases as biased news this is really
egregious stuff this is what's gonna put
people into Trump's camp because this
week I gotta tell you I was thinking
about President Trump and what he did
with regard to Jerusalem and what he's
been saying but I must 13and and then
I've been watching the media and I gotta
tell you if the media want me to make a
decision between Trump and Hamas that's
not much of a choice it's not much of a
choice I've been very critical of
president Trump's character but you
can't lie about the guy to get him
members of the media get idiots you
can't lie about him he can't fib about
him you can't manipulate events on the
ground you can't ignore the truth about
what's happening all over the world
simply in order slap at President Trump
if you do it's just going to drive
people into Trump's camp let's talk
about top member of the Trump
administration is a few months ago and I
was discussing you know how is Trump
going to win the votes necessary in
order to win reelection like to have a
plan for this because george w bush lost
the popular vote in 2000 by 500,000
votes and then he won by about 1.5
million votes against john kerry but he
had to pick up about 10 to 11 million
votes between 2000 and 2004 in order to
win reelection because the electorate
expands every year well president Trump
lost the popular vote this year by order
this election cycle by about two and a
half million votes that means that he's
going to have to make up probably twelve
million votes in order for him to win
reelection
I said to this member of the Trump
administration how do you plan on
winning 12 million additional votes how
do you plan on bringing a bunch of
people over and there wasn't a great
answer so part of it is gonna be good
policy obviously but part of it is going
to be shifting definitions of Trump well
one of the ways that you can shift the
definition of Trump is not by shifting
who Trump is but by the media making
themselves so much worse than they
already were that you feel like you're
being forced to choose between the media
and Democrats who are lying on a routine
basis and defending the worst people on
the planet and President Trump now
there's a case that was made during the
last election cycle that it was a binary
choice between Hillary Clinton and
President Trump this was not a logical
case that I agreed with I thought there
was a third choice and it was to stay
home but the worst the Democrats get the
worst the media get the more it looks
like a binary choice and the better
Trump governs the more it looks like a
binary choice you want to push people
into Trump's camp guys you are doing an
excellent job that speaking of doing an
excellent job of pushing people into
Trump's camp there's a there's a person
named Juanita Scarlett the money no
Scarlett went to a party at Dom lemons
house okay and Don Lemon had at his
house Errol Lewis who's a commentator at
CNN and Margaret Hoover who's another
commentator at CNN and some lemon news
reporter at CNN and guess who was over
at John lemons house and they all took a
selfie together
he was Michael avenatti hey the lawyer
for stormy Daniels there they are just
grinning right there look at that the
objective journalist grinning with
Michael avenatti now imagine for a
second that say Michael cone had been
invited to Sean Hannity's house you
think people might have gone nuts they
did okay there was that entire week
where all we could talk about was the
fact that Michael Cohen and Sean Hannity
had been discussing issues but somehow
Michael avenatti going to down lemons
house and hanging out there right that's
not a problem at all and then you wonder
why we think the media are not objective
you wonder why so many people are
turning to President Trump and saying
not not interested in in in siding
against Trump and with the media it's
just it's insanity its total insanity
and if the media wish to keep alienating
people maybe they do maybe that's their
goal maybe their goal is to make
President Trump from president for
another term they could do it they could
make it happen all they have to do is
continue being who they are I wrote a
column earlier this week about comedy in
in culture and how the right wing's
response to comedy is not for us to
generate our own comedians it's to elect
from because Trump's a giant middle
finger it's the entire comedic
establishment you make a bunch of Trump
jokes about Trump you make a bunch of
jokes about us well screw you will elect
that guy well the same thing is true the
media remember in 2012 Newt Gingrich
nearly won the Republican nomination
based simply on ripping on an anchor at
one of his debates that's how much we
despise the media and we don't despise
the media for no reason we despise the
media because since 2001 when bias came
out by bernard goldberg there has been a
20-year campaign by the right against
bias in the media and the media's
response has not been to try and
moderate to try and hire some people who
are conservative to try and hire some
people who might balance things out
their goal has not been to strip out
their own opinions it's been to
exacerbate the involvement of their own
opinions now maybe it helps their
ratings maybe it's good for CNN maybe
it's good for MSNBC but that just
demonstrates once and for all they care
more about ratings than they do about
truth they know where has that been true
then with regard to the situation along
the border in Gaza I'm going to talk
about that in just one second but first
I want to say thanks to our friends over
at my Patriot supply so tornadoes in the
South three earthquakes in four days in
Oregon Kilauea is erupting in Hawaii no
matter where he lived there's always the
possibility of natural disasters right
there's always that possibility and most
of these strike with no warning
the truth is you are the best first
responder the alternative is to wait for
the government and you know that might
not be the best idea because the fact is
that the chances that the government is
going to show up on time not really
great not really great I'll take them a
little while to get to you at the very
best this is why you need to get this
Ben Shapiro special offer from my
Patriot supply by one four week
emergency food kit for just 198 bucks
and get one for free again one four week
emergency food kit for just $198 and get
one for free it's a two for one so you
get buy one get one free and when you
purchase one right now
my pager supply sends you that
additional four week food kit for free
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen order online and
prepare with been calm that's prepared
with Ben calm the food last in storage
for twenty five years and these shipped
for free so you just buy it once and
you're not gonna have to worry about it
again
instead you buy it you stick it in the
closet and then you're the most prepared
person on the block go check it out
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen or online at prepare
with Ben calm that is prepare with Ben
calm go check it out you will be very
happy that you did okay so speaking of
the media coverage on the on the Gaza
border
there's a piece today from Kinley tor
Paz can liter Paz is a is a founder and
CEO of the kyboot sadati educational
network in Israel and he has a report at
times of Israel on what actually
happened on the border with Gaza so he
says he says I want to testify to what I
saw and heard it was a tremendous
supreme effort from our side to prevent
in every possible way Palestinian deaths
and injuries of course the primary
mission was to prevent hundreds of
thousands of Gazans from infiltrating
into our territory that kind of invasion
would be perilous mortally dangerous to
the nearby communities would permit
terrorists disguised as civilians to
enter our kyboots and moshav communities
and would leave us with no choice but to
target every single infiltrator that's
why our soldiers were directed to
prevent infiltration in a variety of
ways using live ammunition only as a
last resort the IDF employs many
creative means of reducing friction with
gazans and uses numerous methods most of
which are not made public to prevent
them from reaching the fence in addition
over the past few weeks there have been
serious efforts to save the lives of
children and civilians who have been
pushed to the frontlines by Hamas or
trying to hide behind them in order to
infiltrate and attack Israel when there
is no alternative and live ammunition
must be used to stop those who storm the
fence the soldiers make heroic and
sometimes dangerous efforts not to kill
and totally injure those on the other
side which is why you see so many leg
wounds on the side of Hamas the IDF
