it's a busy weekend as high school
students march stormy Daniels comes
clean and tariff talk dominates the
economy we'll get to all of it I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
okay folks I promise not everything I
say today will be a sexual pun with
regard to a scandal about a pornstar I
will attempt to make only 73 percent of
all the things I say some sort of double
entendre or pun because we have to be
serious about it sorry I can't even make
it through that well get to all this
stuff but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at quip so when it
comes to your health you got to know
that your tooth health actually your
mouth health actually makes a big
difference to your generalized health in
fact gum health has a lot to do with
heart disease believe it or not and
there's only one way to ensure that you
are getting the cleanest possible mouth
and that is with quip that is because
quip is the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amount of vibration
into a slimmer design at a fraction of
the cost of bulkier electronic truth
brushes and guiding pulses alert you as
to when to switch sides you're not
spending too little time makes brushing
the right amount just effortless it also
comes the mount that sticks right to
your mirror and unsticks to use as a
cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in your gym bag or
your carry-on and because the thing that
cleans your mouth should also be clean
quips subscription plan refreshes your
brush on a dentist recommended schedule
so they deliver a new brush to you every
three months for just five bucks a new
brush head rather to every three months
for just five bucks including free
shipping worldwide so you never have to
worry about you've been using the same
brush head for the last eight months
quip is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals including
dentist hygienist and dental students
most toothbrushes don't get named on
times Best Inventions that's because
most aren't as good as quit right now
quip starts at 25 bucks in if you go to
get quipped calm slash Schapiro you'll
get your first refill pack free with a
quip electric toothbrush that's get quip
comm slash Shapiro you get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush again get quip comm slash
Shapiro GE tqu IP comm slash apparel
make sure that you're as healthy as can
be in your mouth is as healthy as it
should be again get quip comm slash
Shapiro to get that special deal and let
them know that we sent you as well
alright so the news cycle began over the
weekend with this big March for our
lives that happened in Washington DC now
approximately 200,000 people showed up
in large for our lives it's a good
number it's a solid number in the March
for Life in 2012 had 650,000 people who
showed up to it was the media coverage
blanket the way that it was on Saturday
now listen I don't think that this is
about the kids at Parkland kids are kids
some of them say smart things some of
them say dumb things and just be
has some tragedy fell upon them doesn't
mean that they suddenly have expertise
on guns for example but the main issue
here is why the media have decided to
highlight and spotlight these kids and
the reason is because the kids can say
things that the media can hide behind
the high school kids who don't really
know much about guns don't know much
about gun control but can speak with
passion and Verve and are attractive on
camera they can say things that the
media want to say but know that they
would be bashed about the ears for
saying because they are supposed to be
objective and so what the media do
instead is they put all of these kids on
camera for hours at a time and then
claim that if you criticize what these
kids are saying they are actually
criticizing the experience of
experiences of these kids this is
another form of identity politics so
identity politics is this idiotic
concept from the left that suggests that
we can identify the quality of your
perspective simply by the color of your
skin or your ethnicity or your age or
some immutable characteristic about
yourself well in this particular case
the suggestion is that the opinions of
these kids are sacrosanct because these
kids experience tragedy I'm not
questioning whether these kids
experienced tragedy they did but I am
questioning whether their perspectives
have any additional value because they
experienced tragedy George Soros went
through the Holocaust right here's a guy
who ended up having to help the Nazis in
order to survive I can still say that I
think all of his political perspectives
are shared garbage and it doesn't mean
that I'm criticizing George Soros his
experiences in the Holocaust and the
same thing is true for these kids okay
and the the stuff the kids were saying
was just pretty egregious one of the
things they were doing is they were
carrying around these tags these price
tags that said on it one dollar and five
sons in order to criticize Senator Marco
Rubio now senator Rubio put himself out
there in front of a town hall of baying
baying angry people in order to try and
make some sort of come to some sort of
agreement and solution with people in
Florida over what to do to protect kids
safety and instead he's been just
clubbed around so these kids were
wearing around taxes at dollar and five
cents why because if you take the
receipts that Marco Rubio has had from
the NRA and you average it over the
number of students in the state of
Florida it comes out to a dollar and
five cents for each student their
suggestion is that Marco Rubio is being
paid off a dollar and five cents for
every student the state of Florida be
pro-gun
that's disgusting it's not true it's a
lie it's it's malicious obviously it's
stupid if you think that Marco Rubio is
pro-gun because
the NRA Gizem with 5,000 bucks you're
out of your mind yeah the idea that the
Marco Rubio is sitting around waiting
for the NRA to sign a cheque and then he
decides to be pro-gun is insulting I
find this whole line of argument really
stupid I found it stupid when it was
being pushed by John McCain his campaign
finance reform I find it stupid now
politicians generally don't support
causes because they're being bribed by
constituents they support causes and
then the people who back those causes
pay so those people can get into office
it's not like if you thought that the
NRA was just going around bribing people
why is it the Democrats aren't able to
be bribed why is it the NRA can't go to
Democrats and bribe them is it because
Democrats are such upstanding characters
or is it because Democrats are pure gun
control fanatics and the NRA doesn't
want to see them elected but again this
is all part of the dog and pony show to
suggest that people who disagree on gun
control are actually bad human beings
and so we're gonna go through some of
the arguments that were being made by a
lot of the kids at this at this rally
because I think that it's important to
look at the arguments not just at the
speaker's well the media want us to see
are the still photos of David hog with
his arm outstretched or Emma Gonzales
standing there silently and then we're
supposed to say well anything these
people choose to say must be right again
I have nothing but sympathy for what
they went through yeah I have sympathy
for what Kyle cashew is a conservative
student went through all these kids went
through something but it doesn't mean
their experiences confer any sort of
expertise upon them okay so we start
with David hog David hog has been the
most ubiquitous member of the of the
cadre of classmates
he's been on virtually every TV show
he's done Ellen he does CNN on a regular
basis he does the sunday shows he
doesn't know anything about guns he
doesn't know much about gun control but
he certainly knows how to demagogue and
so for four minutes you'll hear him
demagogue over and over and over in the
most traumatic fashion and it's it's
irritating to watch I understand
particularly for people who are pro
Second Amendment but it's important to
know what what the propagandist in the
media are doing with this kid because
again the kid can speak out it's his
it's his absolute right to speak out and
obviously he can speak in front of any
camera that he wants to speak in front
of that's great but he can be criticized
just like anyone else I know I was 17 I
wrote a syndicated column I got
criticized just like everybody else
that's the way free speech works in the
country okay here is David Hogg we're
gonna go through his full speech or as
much of it as possible first off I'm
gonna start off by putting this price
tag right here as a reminder for you
to know how much Marco Rubio took for
every student's life in Florida one
dollar and five cents okay that is a lie
deposit right there again that's a lie
okay then the dollar and five cent thing
is a slander against Marco Rubio it's
disgusting and by the way if you want to
actually come to some sort of agreement
about what we can do here you might want
to start by talking to the senator from
Florida who's actually proposed
legislation with bill Nelson on
protecting schools this is not designed
to help anybody this is designed to
virtue signal and it's designed in order
so the Democrats can feel better about
themselves okay hog continues grasp of
corruption shackles the District of
Columbia the winter is over change is
here the Sun shines on a new day and the
day is ours I don't know that means the
prayer first time voters show up 18% of
the time in midterm elections not
anymore
money we don't know the stats gets out
there's now who here is gonna vote in
the 2018 election if you listen real
close you can hear the people in power
shaking
well you've gotten used to being
protective of their position chewing
safety the safety of inaction inaction
is no longer safe and to that we say no
more okay pause right there for one
second okay I just wanna point something
out the generic ballot over the weekend
close to about five points had been up
to twelve I believe one of the reasons
it's closing is because Republicans are
looking at this kind of demagoguery and
they're saying final gotten vote before
the question was would Republicans go
out and vote in any significant numbers
and there is no reason to think
Republicans what it's an off-year
election there's no real galvanizing
issue you want to galvanize Republicans
tell them that you're gonna take away
their guns that they're evil people who
want to murder children if they don't
let you take away their guns you don't
know why the gap that ballot gap is
closing it's because every time the
media decide to go on a crusade against
Second Amendment rights they're a bunch
of Americans say fine I'll finally get
off my Duff and go vote okay so before
David Hogg declares victory especially
on the gun control issue you should
recognize a couple of things one
Democrats in power have not passed any
gun control Barack Obama has zero gun
control between 2009 and 2011 when he
had full control of Congress and two
Republicans are actually gonna show up
in broader numbers thanks to this sort
of demagoguery than they would otherwise
here we can continue
96 people 96 people die every day from
guns in our country yet most
representatives have no public stance ok
pause it for one second okay first of
all 96 people die in our country every
day 66 of those people die from suicide
ok 2/3 of all the people who are lumped
into the gun violence statistics are
suicides second of all the vast majority
of people who are killed with guns in
the United States are killed with
handguns the proposals that have been
pushed by March for our live students
have nothing to do with handguns they
have to do with ar-15s and so-called
assault rifles
ok so none of this makes any sense on a
policy level continue and tonight we say
no voting issue we're going to make take
this to every election to every state in
every city we're going to make sure the
best people get in our elections to run
not as politicians but as Americans
because this this is not cutting it when
people try to suppress your vote and who
stands against you because you're too
young we say no more when politicians
say that your voice doesn't matter
because the NRA owns them we say no ok
so we can stop it there I don't need to
listen the rest of this ok so first of
all the yelling and the screaming I know
that a lot of young kids who think that
when they do this that this is actually
just showing passion on the podium it
doesn't it just it's it's not convincing
it doesn't make people like you it
doesn't make people rally behind you in
fact calm this and reason actually make
people rally behind you more than
screaming from the podium again this
whole thing that the NRA owns
politicians it's just not true but I
guess that that's not the point the
point here is of course the demagogue
the issue as much as humanly possible it
wasn't just david hog who did this at
the end of it he he gave sort of a
revolution symbol the person who did
this the best actually I will say Emma
Gonzales is the most skilled politician
of these kids Emma Gonzalez went up
there
she spoke for about a minute 20 and then
she did a 5 minute just standing break
right she stood there and she said in
tribute to my classmates moment of
silence in the moment of silence lasted
for five minutes and then at 6 minutes
20 seconds she said that's how long the
shooting in our school
lasted that was effective theatrics and
she's actually good at this David hog
not particularly good at this Cameron
cask is another one of the students from
Parkland and here's what he had to say
again this sort of language is not going
to endear you to people you have to make
agreements with on the issue of gun
control to the leaders skeptics and
cynics who told us to sit down and say
stay silent wait your turn
welcome to the revolution okay if you
want to if you want to see our gun
owners into going out and vote tell them
it's a revolution to take their guns see
how that's gonna go see how it goes when
you tell a bunch of gun owners that it's
a revolution to take away their firearms
which is really what they're talking
about here again all this stuff is great
fodder for media members is not great
fodder for actually fostering any sort
of victory on the issue of protecting
schools by the way the chance of being
killed in a school shooting I believe in
the United States are stumbling one in
six hundred and fourteen million in any
case let's talk a little bit about our
sponsors over at stamps.com so these
days you can get practically everything
you want on demand well that hadn't been
true of stamps and the stuff you get at
the post office until now with stamps
calm you can access all the amazing
services are the post office right from
your desk 24/7 whenever it is convenient
for you you can buy and print US postage
for any letter any package using your
own computer and printer you print it
out right onto a sticker or you print it
out right onto the envelope or you print
it on a piece of paper and you tape it
to the envelope and then the mail
carrier picks it up you click print mail
you're done it's very very easy and here
at the Daily wire we use it all the time
in order to send our mail because we
don't want to spend time in the line of
the post office no matter how much we
like the post office you should use
stamps calm as well you can also ensure
that you have exact postage so you're
not estimating right you're not home and
you're sticking eight stamps when you
only need 6 stamps ok because they will
send you a postage meter as well with
our special offer so right now use
Shapiro for this special offer
ok includes up to fifty five dollars of
free postage and the digital scale and a
four week trial so go to stamps calm
before you do anything else click on the
radio mic at the top of the homepage you
type in Shapiro that stamps comm enter
promo code Shapiro and you get $55 a
free postage a digital scale and a
four-week trial it's a pretty
spectacular offer again stamps calm
promo code Shapiro fantastic service we
use it at the office all the time use
that promo code shape here to get the
special deal when you when you click out
at micro the microphone at the top of
the page use promo code Shapiro and then
ensure that you that they know that we
sent you as well as getting
okay so back to these kids so again the
reason I'm going through the litany of
claims by these by these high school
kids is because I want to show that they
haven't even bothered to do the research
and again these kids didn't say whatever
they want it's not their fault they're
17 I get it okay I was 17 - I was
reading a syndicated column on politics
I don't agree with everything I wrote
when I was 17 because who does but the
media is proclaiming these are fully
formed adults capable of leading the
debate on gun control when the vast
majority of them obviously don't know
anything about gun control here's
another one of these students alex wins
so Alex Wynne says you know there are
too many people here who want to arm
teachers and then he makes what it would
be an incredibly it is talking about
arming Mickey Mouse and I love all the
cheering people like what is he even
saying making that first of all how
could Mickey Mouse even get that out of
his costume
okay those pants aren't real on the
Mickey Mouse costume he does actually
have pockets does he have a shoulder
holster holster Mickey Mouse yeah I've
been to Disney Land recently okay Mickey
Mouse has nowhere to hide that that
sucker like ever gonna have anybody at
Disney Land packing heat it's got to be
like the characters from Mary Poppins at
least they're wearing jackets or
something but Mickey Mouse can't even
get inside that costume so there's no
logic to this one but again what do I
want my rabbi packing heat you bet your
ass I want my rabbi packing heat okay my
synagogue is one of the most likely
places in America to be targeted number
one cuz it's synagogue and number two
cuz there's a lot of people who know I
go to this synagogue so you know that
yes I want everyone packing heat at my
synagogue yes yes I wish my rabbi could
pack heat I think Minister should pack
heat ask them to ask the minister at the
in the Texas Church shooting ask the
ministers in in South Carolina in
Charleston during the church shooting
whether it would been better if the
minister were packing heat the answer is
yes that would have been much better if
people were packing heat so I don't even
understand this argument the argument is
that less if fewer people should pack
heat okay just just to show you how dumb
this is do we have that video of the
kids leaving the rally
okay so here's some video of the kids
leaving the rally these are the same
kids who just said they don't want
everybody packing heat a lot of these
