the New York Times touts a new study
saying disparities between black and
white children are based on racism
president Trump congratulate
Putin on a sham election and Democrats
threaten civil war a lot to get to I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so good morning at 11:06
eastern time I declared a coup I am now
president of the United States the
current government of the United States
has been dissolved in its entirety and
all of them will be replaced by non
corrupt non prostitutes tipping people
this is how this is going to work from
here on in the IRS has been dissolved
and I declare a thumb war as well your
new American Republic however is brought
to you by our friends at Birch gold so
Birch gold the place you need to be if
you are interested in hedging against
the volatility of the stock market if it
looks like the stock market has been
bouncing around like a ping-pong ball
lately that's because it has there's
some inherent volatility apparently the
feds gonna raise interest rates again
you don't follow any of the stuff but
you want to take a small portion of your
wealth and put it in precious metals to
guard against the vicissitudes of the
market well that is what Birch gold is
there for my friends over at Birch gold
have a long-standing track record of
continued success with thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact them my Birch
gold group now to request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals they have a comprehensive 16 page
kit and it reveals how gold and silver
can protect your savings how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA again these are the folks I
trust for precious metals investing to
get your no cost no obligation kit go to
www.hsn
that's wwr cool calm / pen so you wonder
where is your new studio mr. Shapiro
well my new studio is directly outside
the speaker of the houses office
actually this office right here this
magnificent two office festoon with
American flags and bust of George
Washington just behind these flags the
true American president this office was
apparently the place where President
Trump right after his inauguration went
to sign a bunch of bills and also tweet
some stuff and and so it is very
important for that reason I will not I
will not suggest what has happened on
this desk I don't know so I can't
speculate you know maybe some things
about but I don't know I just can't
spend but and later today I'm gonna be
speaking with the Speaker of the House
which should be an honor and a privilege
for him for me I know it'll be it'll be
great and I'm looking forward to talking
with him but there's a lot of news
that's happening so I've been asked by a
lot of people to go through a study that
was reported yesterday by the New York
Times so one of the main issues that has
become up cropped up so often in
American society these days is of course
racism racism that's and racism that and
racial disparities are in
negative the horror of American life and
America's racism problem is what has
generated income inequality between
black folks and white folks and this is
brand-new study from the New York Times
complete with massive beautiful graphics
all about how black people can't get
ahead in America here was the headline
from The New York Times yesterday
hey extensive data shows punishing reach
of racism for black boys has a pretty
shocking headline right for the New York
Times which usually ends around zits
headlines usually it says something like
data sometimes suggests black people
have to have face discrimination in
certain areas people say right that's a
normal New York Times headline so this
one's a hard-hitting and headline
extensive data shows punishing reach of
racism for black boys okay so what
exactly does the study show and this is
a pretty important study and I think
it's important to deconstruct the
studies that we know what we're talking
about when we talk about whether racism
is responsible for some of the
imbalances we see in American life now
this is not to imply that racism hasn't
been a historic part of America of
course it has this is not to imply but
there is not racism today of course
there is what this is to suggest is that
this study which is being really touted
as the the final data on racism in
America demonstrating that only racism
is responsible for the difference in
income outcome between black folks and
white folks that study it that's not
what the study says so according to the
New York Times young black men lag
behind young white men not because of
behavioral differences not because young
black men commit more crimes than young
white men on average or because they
have a lower educational background or
because they have single dads but
because of widespread American racism
here is what The Times reports black
boys raised in America even in the
wealthiest families and living in some
of the most well-to-do neighborhoods
still earn less in adulthood than white
boys with similar backgrounds according
to a sweeping new study that traced the
lives of millions of children white boys
who grew up rich are likely to remain
that way black boys raised at the top
however are more likely to become poor
than to stay wealthy in their own adult
household so what this study's main
finding was is that if a black kid black
young black boy grows up in a rich
household in Beverly Hills next to a
rich white family in Beverly Hills with
a young white boy that the black boy is
more likely to fall into poverty than
the white boy even though they start off
in the same area and with the same
two-parent family and so this must
obviously be due to racism red this is
the New York Times's take on the study
according to The Times quote gets
persisted even when black and white boys
grew up in families with the same income
similar family structure similar
education levels and even similar levels
of accumulated wealth so that are moving
all the factors that people would
normally suggest contribute to
disparities between black income and
white income they're saying even when a
rich black kid grows up rich and black
with two parents and goes to that high
school and all the stuff they still have
lower outcomes than white folks and the
IQ is not the problem right so there
there are some people who are who are
racially suggestive we shall say who say
that maybe this is because black folks
have lower IQs on average than white
folks the data is not there to suggest
that the reason the data is not there to
suggest that is because the income
outcome right the outcome of income for
for black women is exactly the same as
for white women who grow up rich so the
disparity only exists between young
black men and young white men it does
not exist between young black women and
young white women so if you have a rich
black girl who grows up next to a rich
white girl they basically are going to
have exactly the same income as their
life progresses so as I acknowledge
right the study openly acknowledges that
the racism doesn't extend to black women
so first of all this gives the lied to a
lot of the intersectional nonsense you
hear from the left so the case for
intersectionality is that everyone's
experience is different and is
predicated upon group differences a
black woman is both black and a woman
this means that she has two status
symbols right being a female means that
she has somehow been victimized by
American society and being a and being
black means she's been victimized that
means a black woman has been more
victimized than a black male may the
studies suggest the opposite actually
this study actually suggests that young
black men do worse in American society
than black women so so much for that
intersectional point but this this
finding that no income gap exists
between black and white women raised in
similar households should also make
youth wonder is this really about racism
is racism the dividing line because
again black women happened to be black
so if black women have the same outcomes
as white women when given the same
circumstances wouldn't that suggest that
racism is not actually the central
problem right black women aren't not
black just because they're treated well
by the surrounding community right this
is that that's a foolish argument the
study itself says that black women
earned slightly more than white women
conditional on parent income there is
little or no gap in wage rates or hours
of work between black and white women
and black women also have a higher
college attendance rate than white men
conditional on parental outcome non
parental income rather so immediately
should give you some serious pause as to
the headline those espoused by the New
York Times again the New York Times
headline here was extensive data shows
punishing reach of racism for black boys
they're already attributing all of the
difference between black boys and white
boys to racism even though that racism
parently just disappears with regard to
black women which is kind of weird I'd
immediately should wonder is racism
really the dividing factor here or is it
the black women and black men actually
have different perspectives on
decision-making processes in higher
income households whereas it possible
that young black men and young black
women are encouraged for two different
activities even in higher income
households with two parents and the
study also finds that income gaps
between whites and Hispanics are
converging and will disappear in very
short order asian-americans actually
earn more than whites raised at the same
income level so again mr. Collins a
question if America's such a deeply
racist place why is it only racist
apparently against black boys right not
against black women not against
Hispanics not again a not against Asians
just against black boys and this should
make you wonder it's also worth noting
that one of the chief arguments in favor
of the notion that blacks suffer under
regime of white privilege when they say
that you know people like me can't speak
on politics because we remember of white
privilege class and the system was built
for us one of the arguments for white
privilege is that black people suffer in
the United States today because of
historic wealth gap that because black
people were subject to slavery and Jim
Crow they have less wealth in the
families in which they grow up okay well
there is that wealth gap but the study
demonstrates that family wealth is
actually not an indicator of continued
life success for black men so even when
black men are growing up with a
tremendous amount of wealth they're
having poorer outcomes in terms of
income then white men are so that
suggests that wealth is actually not the
primary differentiating factor between
the outcome of people's earning power so
this is the big question of the study
the big question of the study is our
black men failing in a way black women
are not because of discrimination or is
it because of differences in behavior so
my suggestion is there would have
something to do with differences in
behavior and the study itself suggests
this right this is not the stuff the New
York Times wants to cover it's all
buried in the 100 page study that I read
yesterday for example the study
discusses criminal behavior among
high-income young black men but it
doesn't actually investigate the
possible causal link between criminal
behavior and drop in income so the study
says that black men raised in the top 1%
of income right people who are
millionaires or
as likely to be incarcerated as white
men raised in households earning about
$36,000 a year so is that the fault of
white races that's an amazing statistic
that means that a black kid growing up
in a millionaire household is as likely
to go to prison as a white kid growing
up in a household earning $36,000 is
that the result of racism or is that the
result of bad individual behavior is it
really that the police are staking out
Beverly Hills for young black men who
live in that area and then just
arresting them willy-nilly or is it
possible the criminal rates in among
young black men even upper income areas
are higher than they are among young
black women for example and it has
nothing to do with race it has to do
instead with certain cultural
implication which I'll get to in just a
second in fact the study itself
recognizes that incarceration is not the
result of surrounding racism that those
incarceration rates that are elevated
for young black men and rich areas are
not actually the result of surrounding
racism they say that this that the
relationship between racism in a given
area and incarceration rates quote is
not statistically significant meaning
that young black men are not being
arrested just as the cops are a bunch of
racists in Beverly Hills as a sidebar
and this is an important point high
black crime rates do have horrible
externalities for innocent young black
men I want to talk about this in a
little bit because here's the area where
racism really sort of does play a role
because I don't think the racism is a
completely irrelevant factor but I don't
think it's quite racism either I think
that it's a form of discrimination the
Thomas Sowell talks about and I'll talk
about that in in just a second other
differences between young black men and
and young black women is that the study
indicates that the impact of
neighborhood on young black men matters
young black men do best in neighborhoods
with low levels of racism the study
actually it's measurements of racism are
really suspect they use the implicit
assessment test the implicit bias
assessment test which is which is not a
good test and high levels of fatherhood
in the community at large so young black
boys do better when there are dads in
the community what's interesting is that
the study suggests it's not even having
black men in the home it's not even
about having a father in the home it's
about our there are high levels of black
men in the community who can play the
father figure role so that's that's an
interesting thing more social fabric
helps raise boys better whether they are
white or black but these communities are
pretty rare right single motherhood does
remain prevalent in the black community
and the study admits quote the fraction
of low-income black fathers presence is
most predictive of
intergenerational gaps so again it's
about single motherhood it is not really
about racism black boys who grew up in
areas with high father presence are also
significantly less likely to be
incarcerated which could explain part of
the association with higher employment
rates so I will get to the end of this
study and a word about discrimination in
just a second first I want to say thank
you for sponsors over at Indo Chino so
you want to look like James Bond you
want to look like the thing then all you
need to do is go over to Indo Chino
because the fact is you could go buy a
suit off the rack and won't look that
great on you unless you happen to be a
specified size or you can have a suit
made to order just for you by the folks
over in know Chino they're the world's
largest made-to-measure
menswear company that make suits and
shirts they're created to your exact
measurements for a great fit I've been
to the Indo Chino workshop over in
Beverly Hills and it is just fantastic
they allow you to personalize your suit
they allow you to pick how you want the
lapels to look they allow you to pick
the color the lining everything it
actually is a lot of fun and not only
that the suit fits fantastically well or
you can go online and submit your
measurements and they'll send it
directly to your house and you have all
the same abilities to personalize your
suit again you go there you pick your
fabric you choose your customizations
you submit your measurements and then
you just wait for the custom suit to
arrive in a few weeks it's endo chinos
calm and right now my listeners get any
premium Enzo Chino suit for just 379
bucks at Indo Chino comm when you enter
Shapiro at checkout again that's Indo
Chino calm when you enter Shapiro at
checkout you get any premium Indo Chino
suit for just three hundred seventy nine
dollars that is 50% off the regular
price for a made-to-measure premium suit
and shipping is free check it out Indo
Chino comm promo code Shapiro that lets
them know that we sent you and also you
get the best looking so you've ever worn
any premium suit for just 379 bucks plus
free shipping as well and they really
are terrific they make a mistake to help
you correct it it's really it's really
great endo Chino comm and again use that
promo code Shapiro at checkout okay so
back to the study that the New York
Times calls a damning indictment of
American racism with regarding black
boys what I have suggested is that the
data from the study actually suggests
that differentiations between the
outcomes for rich young black men and
young black women for example or young
black men and young white men has little
to do with generalized American racism
and a lot to do with personal choices
that are being made in the black
community even in areas that are more
wealthy right so the study tries to
attribute to generalized racism a little
bit
what this differentiation between young
black men and young white men even if
they are both rich right the studies
take on racism is actually its weakest
methodologically it uses that implicit
association test as I suggested this is
the implicit bias test if you've been in
college they've forced you to take an
IAT what that is that's stupid test
where you're supposed to click on words
as black and white faces appear and what
it's supposed to show is that if you
click on negative words when a black
face appears more quickly then you click
on negative words when a white face
appears this is your supposed racism the
problem is that the implicit assessment
test actually doesn't measure real-world
racism nor is it even duplicate if you
take the test twice you can game the
system all right so you can take the
test ones and it'll come up as your
racist you take it again and now you're
not a racist anymore so the test is not
actually duplicable it's not a good
measurement the study itself states that
closing the gap between whites and
blacks is largely driven by high rates
of father presence among low-income
blacks and the study even dismisses
right this is the stuff all the stuff
near times didn't report right the New
York Times headline is that America's
racist and black boys are suffering
here's what the New York Times didn't
report there's a direct quote from the
study policies focused on improving the
economic outcomes of a single generation
such as cash transfer programs or
minimum wage increases are less likely
to have persistent effects unless they
also effect intergenerational mobility
