Alabama Senate Republican candidate Roy
Moore is hit with serious sex
allegations so is Louie CK and we'll
check the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so the sickness has not yet lifted from
me like Doc Holliday I'm gonna have to
be sent out to the desert to cough up
alone but before any of that happens we
all get to the news of the day I'm gonna
talk at length about Roy Moore how
seriously should we take these
allegations are they credible what
should write more do and why is it that
everyone always seems to jump to the
defense of a person so long as they are
on their political side we'll get to all
of that but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Birch gold
so you look at the economy right now
it's doing great thank god it's all
great the stock market is doing really
well the real estate market is booming
but we have seen this before and very
often it is followed every eight ten
years apparently by some sort of crash
and that's why you should at least be
hedging your bets with some precious
metals you should at least have some of
your portfolio in precious metals you
can do that with my friends over at
birchgold.com right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
which is perfect for folks who want to
protect their retirements and they're
afraid of serious changes in the market
Birch gold group is a long-standing
track record of continued success and
thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews and an A+
rating from the Better Business Bureau
you get a comprehensive 16 page kit
showing how gold of the silver can
protect your savings and how you can
legally move again your IRA or 401k into
precious metals if you so choose to get
that no-cost no-obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that is
birchgold.com slash frnd use the slash
ben's they know that we sent you okay so
the big breaking news over all of the
day yesterday and and most of the day
today is Roy Moore
the very controversial Alabama Senate
Republican nominee he is he was hit with
a series of allegations by The
Washington Post 30 sources have talked
to the Washington Post about Roy Moore's
alleged history of Oh news in his early
30s trying to go out with women who are
anywhere from 14 to 18 years old the
most serious allegation is brought by
one particular woman who was 14 years
old named Blake Hoffman and she alleged
his sexual assault by Roy Moore when he
was 32 and she was 14
the allegations themselves are sickening
there are some people today who are
trying to make light of the allegations
by saying well you know he's 32 and
she's 16 or 17 is that such a big deal I
am 33 years old okay
I'm exactly the age that Roy Moore was
when Roy Moore was apparently doing this
stuff the idea of even going anywhere
near a high school freshman is so
perverse and sickening and anyone who
ever tried to do that to my sister or my
daughter I would be very tempted to grab
my shotgun from my safe drive them to a
remote spot and take them out really if
someone were molesting if my 14 year old
sister that would be the proper solution
now the question is whether these
allegations are true or not but here's
what the Washington Post says and we owe
it to the people who have spoken on the
record by name to at least take the
allegation seriously and the reason I
say that is there's this tendency on
some people part of some people but on
both the right and the left to basically
let things go when it's when it's your
side right so Teddy Kennedy drives a car
off a bridge there's a woman in the back
she dies but Teddy Kennedy he's really
an important politician he's part of the
Kennedy family so we let it go Bill
Clinton he can molest the help doesn't
matter so long as Bill Clinton is for
abortion naina Burrell a of Time
magazine says that she would perform
oral sex on him as long as he keeps
abortion legal right we see this with
Donald Trump in the last election cycle
all these allegations of sexual assault
and sexual harassment hit and a lot of
people say well you know lesser of two
evils you still got a vote for him or at
least we still we at least have to voice
support for him now I'm not going to
equate voting for a candidate with
necessarily supporting everything that
the candidate is does it has done in the
past because there is more to it than
that but there is a moral question here
as to whether you are allowed to either
vote or support a candidate who does
these sorts of things and this is
something that I had serious problems
with during the election cycle the
lesser of two evils mentality
particularly in politics will lead to
the worsening of all of our politicians
because basically it allows you to get
away with anything my Teddy Kennedy can
murder someone and that's totally fine
so long as Teddy Kennedy votes the right
way Bill Clinton came unless the help
totally fine so long as you votes the
way the right way Donald Trump will be
the right way on abortion for the right
therefore who cares whether he was
saying that he could grab women by the
p-word and then there were allegations
of sexual assault by a number of women
some of whom were underage right and all
of this goes by the wayside I hate this
stuff I hate it
the reason I hate it is because in the
end the American people are going to
have to decide what kind of people we
are
are we the kinds of people who care so
much about the policy is a little about
the character of our politicians that we
are willing to elect the worst P
in America just to defeat the other side
or are we gonna have to get together and
collectively bargain together against
our own immorality because what we have
here is a basic classic prisoner's
dilemma I've talked about game theory on
the program before a president
prisoner's dilemma is essentially a
situation in which your dominant
strategy is to do the worst possible
thing so to elucidate what a prisoner's
dilemma is for purposes of this
discussion think of two guys it's the
movie LA Confidential starring Kevin
Spacey and in that movie they they
capture two suspects they put them in
separate rooms and then they tell each
suspect if you rat on the other guy then
we will let you off but if you do not
rat and the other guy wraps you out
you're gonna get the max sentence if you
bow trap both rat on each other then
you're going to get somewhere in the
Midway right you're gonna get instead of
a 10-year sentence you'll both get a
five-year sentence so the best solution
for these guys would be to not testify
to anything right the best solution
would be for them to keep their mouths
shut because then they'd be released the
second best solution for both of them is
if they is if they testified the other
guy did something wrong right so if they
both testify the other guy did something
wrong that's the best possible solution
because if you say the other guy did
something wrong you get out and the
other guy goes to jail well the problem
is unless you really really trust the
other guy you're both gonna cheat but
you're both gonna say the other guy did
something wrong you're gonna tell on
each other and you're both gonna go to
jail that's what's happening here with
regard to bad people who are politicians
right the right doesn't trust the left
rightly so we don't trust that the left
is gonna uphold any sort of moral
standard with regard to their candidates
we look at all of these politicians that
they've supported despite how disgusting
they are and we say well if you're not
gonna support if you're not gonna
withdraw support from politicians who do
disgusting things why should we why
should we hamper ourselves by handing
you an Alabama Senate seat by not
supporting somebody like Roy Moore this
is immoral logic because there's an
actual more the difference between a
normal prisoner's dilemma and this is
that there's an actual moral imperative
for people to come out against sexual
assault that does not exist in a normal
prisoner's dilemma situation but you can
see why everyone is falling into this
trap right and left the left looks at
the right
they say you supported Trump why
shouldn't we support Clinton the right
looks at the left it says you supported
Clinton why shouldn't we support Trump
each looks at the other and they say you
guys support bad guys why shouldn't we
support bad guys and so we
end up supporting bad guys we need to
have a bargain with one another as
Americans everyone needs to say I am NOT
going to support bad people now here are
the allegations about Roy Moore the easy
way out for people on the right has been
over the past 48 hours to basically say
well it's not been proven one of the
problems of sexual assault allegations
is it's very difficult to prove them
right particularly forty years after the
fact if you believed Juanita Broderick
but you don't believe Lake Hoffman you
need to ask yourself why does it have
something to do with politics or is
there something more credible about
Juanita Broderick than Mike Horstman I
don't think there really is I think that
lake orphan seems relatively credible
and again you know one of the questions
here is going to be does this fall apart
over time does the story fall apart over
time you know Roy Moore denies the
allegations but you have to judge for
yourself and I think that we all have to
be intellectually honest do you doubt
the story or do you doubt the story for
political purposes right you doubt that
the story is true or do you doubt it
because you want to vote for Roy Moore
because you want to support Roy Moore
here's the allegation on Thursday the
Washington Post dropped a bombshell
report on Alabama Senate Republican
nominee Roy Moore they allege he engaged
in a sexual assault of a 14 year old and
that he solicited multiple other
underage women some four decades ago so
according to Post report this is over a
Daily wire in 1979 more then thirty two
years old allegedly met a 14-year old
girl named Lake Hoffman outside a
courtroom he asked for her phone number
picked her up at her home took her to
his home where he quote took off her
shirt and pants and removed his clothes
he touched her over her bra and
Underpants she said and guided her hand
to touch him over his underwear after
that she asked him to take her home and
he complied okay now there's that would
be just one allegation but there are
multiple allegations of more
propositioning women who are very very
young three other women between the ages
of 16 and 18 say more proposition them
during that same period the post adds
that none of the women say that more
actually forced them into any sort of
relationship or sexual contact so it is
slightly different than this more most
egregious allegation according to the
post Wendy Miller says she was 14 and
working as a Santa's helper at the
Gadsden Mall when Moore first approached
her 16 when he asked her on dates which
her mother forbade Debbie Wesley Wesson
Gibson says she was 17 when Moore spoke
to her high school civics class and
asked her out on the first of several
dates that did not progress beyond
kissing Gloria fact are decent said she
was an eighteen-year-old cheerleader
when Moore began taking around dates
that included bottles of
mattias Rose a wine the legal drinking
age in Alabama was 19 the last one you
see the the Washington Post trying to
stretch a little bit you know a 32 year
old guy dating an 18 year old girl is
not my cup of tea but suggesting that
the real wrongdoing is that she drank ok
underage drinking is a thing in the
United States get the idea that 18
year-olds don't drink is just sewing in
any case you know approaching 14
year-olds for Nate's and 16 year-olds
for dates and 17 year-olds for dates
when you are 32 years old yuck yuck so
more denies the allegations Kaufman by
the way voted for President Trump in
2016
she says she did not come out earlier on
this story because she has thrice
divorced and has children and was afraid
that her story would be doubted so a lot
of people on the right are saying this
looks like a coordinated hit there's one
month out from an election and Roy Moore
suddenly is being hit with these charges
it looks like an oppo dump right why are
all these women coming out now now what
the Post says is as soon as we started
talking and see these women separately
we went down to start reporting on this
race this is the post says in the
article we started reporting on the race
we're ignoring it cuz it wasn't that
important it's an Alabama Senate race
the Republican always wins but we decide
to go down and report on it and when we
did there are these rumors about Roy
Moore doing all these things we went and
we reached out to all of these women
they all spoke on the record they all
gave their names and they all told us
similar stories so that adds some
credibility to these particular
allegations so here's so so the question
becomes number one whether people should
support more and the second question
becomes whether more should be moved off
the ballot involuntarily it's very
difficult to get more removed from the
ballot if you do that you can't replace
him with anybody else there's a sore
loser law in Alabama that makes it
nearly impossible for the Alabama
Republican Party to replace him on the
ballot now you remember back at all the
way to 2002 the Democrats had a similar
problem with a senator named bob
torricelli bob the torturer Torricelli
he was involved in corruption and the
New Jersey Democrats sued to have him
removed from the ballot and replaced on
the ballot by someone else and the court
ruled that was okay which was a
violation of the law and a lot of
Republicans were very upset about it
well this is a similar sort of situation
so Roy Moore is denying all this here is
his statement he says today the judge
Roy Moore campaign for US Senate issued
a statement responding to yet another
baseless political attack by The
Washington Post a paper that is endorsed
judge Moore's opponent more campaign
chair bill Armistead released the
following statement on Thursday
afternoon quote judge Roy Moore has
enjoyed the most outlandish
any candidate in the modern political
arena but this story in today's
Washington Post alleging sexual
impropriety takes the cake
national liberal organizations know
their chosen candidates Doug Jones in a
death spiral and this is their
last-ditch Hail Mary's so he's relying
on the media bias charge again that
carries some weight right you do have to
say that the media bias charge carries
some weight when the media you know the
same Washington Post way back when I
believe it was actually Newsweek way
back when I was quashing Lewinsky stuff
but you know the Washington Post is
against Roy Moore but that's not changed
the the credibility of the accusers
right the accuser is our name again
since the Washington Post has already
endorsed the judges opponent and for
months they've engaged in a systematic
campaign to distort the truth about the
judges record and career and derail his
campaign in fact just two days ago the
foundation for moral law sense or
attractions a man to the post for the
false stories they wrote about the
judges work in compensation but
apparently there is no end to what the
post will allege that story by the way
is still out there the post has not
retracted that story that that story
says that Roy Moore took about two
hundred thousand dollars from the
foundation for moral law for doing very
little work indeed the statement
continues
the judge has been married to Kayla for
nearly thirty three years has four
children and five grandchildren he has
been a candidate and for hotly-contested
statewide political contest twice as a
gubernatorial candidate twice as a
candidate for chief justice has been a
three-time candidate for local office
has been a national figure in two
groundbreaking judicial fights of a
religious liberty and traditional
marriage after 40 years of public
service if any of these allegations were
true they would have been made public
long before now okay now that's not an
argument I particularly like the
argument that we would have known about
this earlier because we now know that
there are allegations that are surfacing
about a wide variety of public figures
that nobody knew earlier or if they did
they were rumored but never confirmed
right Harvey Weinstein was doing this
crap for 20 years and we're fighting
about it now Denny Hastert was the
Speaker of the House for the Republicans
for several years Denny Hastert turns
out was molesting high school boys right
so this idea that that it didn't come
out for decades therefore it must not be
true that's a little bit of weak T it's
a little bit of weak to you they say the
garbage is the very definition of thick
news an intentional defamation you know
the question is whether Roy Moore is
gonna actually file a lawsuit even if it
files a lawsuit no guarantee that the
lawsuit is is either going to succeed or
that approves that Roy Moore is innocent
of the charges you can file a lawsuit
and then later drop the lawsuit right
without being countersued presumably
president Trump has sounded off
according to the press secretary
she says that boy that Trump said quote
he believes if allegations are true he
will do the right thing and step aside
it's calling for more to step aside if
the allegations are true but that
statement if the allegations are true is
a pretty dicey one because again there's
no way for anyone to confirm whether the
allegations are true except based on
except based on the word of the person
who's talking about this so I know there
are a lot of people who are thinking
about you know why wouldn't these women
come forward earlier why did they keep
silent for so long and I think that it
is important to read some of the
accounts of women who didn't come
forward earlier I'm just trying to be
intellectually honest as I can be about
this because I don't know and you don't
know right I don't know whether it's
true and you don't know whether it's
true all we can do is go based on the
allegations that are made by four
different named women in the Washington
Post report and somewhat substantiative
by supposedly about 30 witnesses right
so people who are talked to at the time
I'm gonna get to why I think it's
important to read the accounts of women
who have kept silent for a long time
about people who molested them in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at the u.s. ECA so
you've heard me talking a lot about the
u.s. concealed-carry Association and
right now you get to go to their free
live training event Tuesday the 14th and
and it's all about what your do what you
should do if you are forced to defend
yourself in your home you'll get to ask
