there's lots of times in your life
you're not going to be happy and so
that's not going to work you want to
have something meaningful that's the
boat that will take you through the
storm
[Music]
well here we are with Jordan Peterson
and I could not be more excited to talk
with the best-selling author of 12 rules
for life and I will talk with him but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Helix sleep so there's
nobody on the planet like you so why
would you buy a mattress built for
everyone else working with the world's
leading Sleep Experts Helix sleep
developed a mattress that's customized
to your specific height weight and sleep
preferences so you can have the best
sleep of your life at an unbeatable
price here's how it works you go to
helixsleep.com fill out their two-minute
sleep quiz and they'll design your
custom mattress they even customize each
side for you and a partner in 2018 Helix
sleep has taken customized sleep to the
next level with their Helix pillow it
really is fantastic their all new
pillows are fully adjustable so you can
achieve perfect Comfort regardless of
sleep position or body type Helix sleep
has thousands of five star reviews plus
you get 100 nights to try them out go to
helixsleep.com Ben guest right now and
you'll get up to 125 bucks toward your
mattress order that's helixsleep.com Ben
guest for up to 125 off your mattress
order again that's helixsleep.com Ben
guest get the deal with Ben guest and
make sure that they know that we sent
you okay so I could not be more excited
to speak with Jordan Peterson well as
Jordan knows before the show we talk for
an hour before the show just about
interesting things we should have caught
on tape but now we're actually going to
get a chance to do it live so here is
the Jordan's new book if you haven't
bought it yet everybody on planet has
bought this book I was walking through
the office today we didn't have a copy
in the office uh the person at the front
desk had a copy of your book just
sitting on her desk so that's the way
this works 12 rules for life in antidote
to cast a fantastic book obviously
topping all the bestseller lists all
over the world Jordan thanks so much for
joining the show really appreciate it
thanks for the invitation well you know
obviously your your prominence has just
blown up in the last year and a half
when we were talking before the show
about why that is and why there are so
many people who suddenly are very angry
about you I noticed there's an article
in Politico suggesting that young angry
white males you are now their their
leader so congratulations oh yes yes I
wanted to ask you about that why do you
think that number one uh your profile
has become so big of late and number two
why do you think it is that so many
members of the of the left are so angry
about that why are they characterizing
people who listen to you as angry and
enraged young white men well we could we
could look at the characterization to
begin with you know because I think it
speaks to the Pathology of the radical
left instantly they're absolutely
incapable of viewing the world except
through group identity terms you know
and so if someone comes out and
disagrees with them then they have to
characterize them by their fundamental
group attribute whatever that happens to
be maybe it's gender because that's a
favorite or maybe it's race and so angry
white men young there we go sexist
ageist and racist all at once right
they're angry young white men well it
has to be that way if you're going to be
the if you're going to play the leftist
game because that's the only way that
you can look at the world and then if
you can't make your opponent
reprehensible in some Manner and it's
strange that they would attempt to make
them reprehensible on the grounds of
race age and sex since that's precisely
what they stand against hypothetically
but if you can't make your enemy
reprehensible along some Dimension then
you have to contend with them seriously
and so you know if I'm not an alt right
fascist like Hitler you know or Milo
yiannopoulos which was how I was
characterized in Canada because the
radical leftists can't even get their
bloody insults straight he's like Hitler
or Milo yiannopoulos It's like because
there's no difference between them right
no obvious difference it's just another
attempt to pillory as far as I can tell
and I think that it's it's Dreadful I
really think it is there was an article
written in by the by I believe the
editor of the New York Review of Books
that was just republished in the Globe
and Mail talking about the emergence of
hyper masculinity and how I was somehow
responsible for that or contributing to
it like Mussolini and I read that and I
thought yeah like Mussolini and I
thought okay so what are you doing
I see you're you're defining masculinity
you're conflating masculinity and Hyper
masculinity at the same time then your
virtue signaling by being against hyper
masculinity but really what you're
trying to do is bring down whatever it
is that's masculinity and what
masculinity is in in this Frame is
something like competence and so it's
part of the radical leftists General war
on competence as well which I think is
one of the most pernicious elements of
the culture wars the dissolution of
hierarchies the the assumption that
every hierarchy has to be based on Power
and serve them the needs of your group
whatever that happens to be that there's
no such thing as competence and so and
then the other thing that's
reprehensible about it because that's
not enough is that it's just wrong
like there's I've got tens of thousands
of letters from people and people come
up to me all the time on the street I'll
give you an example this is a great
story this is really touching so I was
in LA about a month and a half ago
and I was downtown L.A and downtown L.A
is kind of rough and I was wandering
around
um and with my wife and this young guy
pulled a car up beside me and hopped out
and he was kind of a stylish looking 21
year old Latino guy something like that
it was all excited he said he asked me
who I was and I told him and he you know
that's what he had presumed and so he
was kind of excited about that he said
look I've watched all your lectures and
it's really helped me and I've been
straightening out my life and trying to
get my room clean and he laughed about
that but you know developing some aims
and trying to tell the truth and and
look I've really fixed up my
relationship with my father and so then
he said wait wait just wait a minute and
I thought sure what sure so he went back
in the car and he got his father out of
his car and he came over with his dad
like they had their arms around each
other and he said look we've really
improved our relationship and they're
both smiling away and you know that's
man if you're going to Target me for
that just go right ahead yeah it sounds
real white supremacist oh yeah yeah and
it's wherever I go now
and this is one of the things this is
the thing that's so wonderful about that
all of this as far as I'm concerned is
that people come up to me all the time
and that's exactly what they say they
say look I was lost aimless depressed
nihilistic
um anxious drug addicted alcoholic
wasting my time masturbating too much
although they don't generally use that
particular example
um you know loss essentially and and and
hopeless in some sense and I've been
watching your lectures and they've
really helped and I've really been
putting my life together and I've been
trying to say what I believe to be true
and develop a vision and it's really
helped and like and it's so overwhelming
you know like if I'm doing book signings
after a talk then there'll be a dozen
people or more who
and these aren't like I'm only talking
to people for about 15 seconds but you
can have a very intense conversation in
15 seconds and they'll say look you know
like I was suicidal man like I was
really hanging on to the edge of the
Earth by my fingernails and
I'm better and they have tears in their
eyes it's like
that's amazing little of that goes a
long way man well I think that when I
look at your rise and look I talk to
people who love what you do I mean every
time I go on the road and I'm speaking
at a campus you're the number one name
that gets mentioned at people by people
who come to my lectures and I think that
the reason for that that I've that I've
seen is is really twofold one is that
one of the things that you really talk a
lot about is the notion of
self-discipline and purpose in your life
and control and the idea that you are in
control of your decision making and your
decision making matters that's one and
the other is matters you have you have a
unique capacity to to say no to things
and when somebody says something to you
that is illogical but popular that you
have the capacity to say no that's what
happened in that Kathy Newman interview
that somebody was saying something to
you that made no sense and you just said
well no and then you just stood on that
no and when you stand on that no I think
it gives people a lot of Courage yeah
well I mean the the gender issue is
really an interesting one because
one of my professional domains of
expertise is individual differences I'm
I'm a personality psychologist and so I
know the gender difference literature
and it's it's a very solid literature
well first of all it's very solid it has
a 30-year history once per psychologist
got the personality models down so that
would be the big five model all
empirically derived straight statistics
right Brute Force empiricism nobody had
a theoretical ax to grind with the big
five except to say maybe there are human
traits maybe they're encapsulated in
language we can use statistical
techniques to find out what they are
that was it that's the whole ideology so
very very neutral as far as ideologies
go five traits emerge okay
are there differences between the Sexes
turns out there are all right they're
not massive although if you sum them
across all the traits you can separate
men and women with about 75 accuracy so
it's not trivial but you have to sum
across all the traits then another
question comes up well are those
differences socio-cultural or biological
okay we can test that we'll go around
the world we'll look at cultures we'll
rank order them in terms of the gender
equality of their sociological policies
we can do that with broad agreement from
the right and the left then the
hypothesis would be
if gender differences decrease among
more egalitarian societies then the
gender differences are socio-cultural or
at least more socio-cultural that's
exactly the opposite of what was found
repeatedly that's pseudoscience it's
like no that's mainstream psychology
those papers have thousands of citations
and right the average Humanities paper
has zero citations right and then the
next most common one has one three
thousand that's an that's an
unbelievable classic and and here's the
other bit of proof like you say well how
do you know that you can trust someone's
judgment about a fact the fact emerges
despite their ideological
presuppositions okay so it's well known
that the social sciences and the
humanities have a have a left tilt and a
lot of that's temperamental and the Tilt
has become more pronounced but as
Jonathan height has pointed out there
are no conservatives among social
personality psychologists or or
non-to-speakers yeah very few
vanishingly few and if the field has a
bias it is definitely and
indisputably a left-wing bias okay so
you have to fight that if you're if
you're a scientist right even if you're
a left-wing scientist you have to fight
that because you want to get to the
facts it was these social scientists who
generated the data that suggested that
the gender differences not only were
real but that were bigger in egalitarian
societies they didn't do that to grind
the radiological acts because their
ideological presupposition was no no you
make the society egalitarian men and
women get more of the same it's like
nope they get more different oh
isn't that something and so then there's
a corollary there which is all right you
could still say and they're kind of
pushing in this direction in Scandinavia
boys and girls are different
men and women are different
it looks biological but because people
are malleable you could push the
socio-cultural structure harder and
harder to minimize the biological
differences okay well first of all maybe
and maybe not maybe you'd get a rebound
and they'd get even like the kids would
Rebel that could easily happen but let's
say okay you could the problem with that
is is that
if you see that much
power to the state like you're basically
giving the state the right to socialize
your kids right it's like you you really
really you really want to do that I mean
people in Israel couldn't do that with
the kombucha that's right it didn't work
so people aren't going to give up their
children to the state and thank God for
that well I mean this is one of the big
questions that we were discussing
earlier is that we were talking about
yeah the polarization in politics
between right and left and obviously
you're you're a psychologist you're a
philosopher but you've been dragged
almost Kicking and Screaming into this
political sphere because everything has
been so politicized and so when you say
when you cite social science statistics
and they're scientifically based you're
called a racist you're called the sexist
you're called the homophobe and exactly
so why is it that so why do you think it
is that so many folks on the left should
purport to be all about reason and
Science and and objective fact are so
willing to throw those out the window uh
the minute that it becomes politically
inconvenient because you imagine that a
cognitive systems an interpretation of
the world has levels their axiomatic
levels some fundamental presuppositions
are more fundamental than others
and you could say well the leftists
historically maybe because of their
atheistic rationality are more on the
side of science than say the
fundamentalists of of any sort but when
push comes to shove you find out
how the axioms are are nested there's
deeper axioms underneath that which is
that all hierarchies are based on Power
and all power plays are based on group
identity tribal identity essentially and
that the entire history of the world is
nothing but a power play between between
these different identity groups it's
like okay well if the science indicates
that some of that's wrong then do you
alter those beliefs or do you alter the
science and the answer to that question
is well it depends on how you've
hierarchically arranged those if the
science is at the bottom then you alter
your beliefs right if it's the
scientific facts or the axiomatic
substructure then you then you alter
your beliefs if your beliefs are the
axiomatic substructure then you alter
the science well we've seen how that
plays out and one of the things I've
tried to do so to speak is to diagnose
the axiomatic structure it's like okay
what's the what's the metaphysical
presumption structure of the radical
left well what it is is you're basically
your group your groups are basically
engaged in Warfare right and the Warfare
is arbitrary except in so far as it
serves your group okay I don't buy any
of that I think that's I think that's a
route to certain disaster I think it's a
degeneration into tribalism and that we
will seriously pay for it not only
because it returns us to tribalism and
tribes fight as the anthropological
evidence for that is overwhelming right
tribes fight it doesn't even matter if
they're chimpanzee tribes even
chimpanzee tribes fight
so not only do you re regress to a
tribalism but you also invalidate the
one proposition that's been able to help
us arise above the tribal which is the
idea that the individual should be
Sovereign and so I think the culture war
is about what's the proper framework
within which to view human identity
and what's the relationship between the
individual and the group
in relationship to that identity and the
leftist answer is it's all group and
it's all power it's like okay so in just
a second I want to ask you a little bit
about yeah some of the some of the more
enlightenment-minded thinkers who are
out there right now because it seems
like we've been discussing the big gap
in in western civilization right now
which is between the collectivists and
the individualists if you're putting
broadly but I want to talk about some of
the divisions among the individuals in
just a second first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
with the uncertainty of the of the
market right now with all the volatility
a lot of Americans are increasingly
concerned about the security of their
savings and the Federal Reserve
obviously has a loose monetary policy
it's been Shoring up recently but
there's a lot of volatility in the
markets well this is the reason why I
need to talk to my friends over at Birch
gold so birchgold.com is the place to go
if you want to put some of your assets
in Precious Metals yeah I'm not saying
take all of your money out of the stock
market and push it in Precious Metals
that'd be stupid but you should have a
little bit in precious metals to hedge
against inflation and volatility in the
market Birch gold sells physical
precious metals for your own possession
they'll ship metal right to your front
door and right now thanks to an IRS tax
law you can even move your Ira are
eligible 401K into an IRA backed by
physical gold or silver if you so choose
it's a good option for people who want
to ensure that their retirement savings
are protected from the possibility of
inflation or stock market volatility
Birch gold group they have a really good
long-standing track record of continued
success they've been advertising with me
for years thousands of satisfied clients
countless five star reviews and a plus
rating with a Better Business Bureau ask
all your questions about precious metals
investing get all your answers and then
contact virtual Gold group to request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals their comprehensive
16-page kit shows how gold and silver
can protect your savings how you can
legally move that Ira or 401K out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals Ira if that's something you're
interested in think of that no cost no
obligation kit head over to
birchgold.com Ben that's birchgold.com
that also lets them know that we sent
you okay so Jordan one of the things
that we've been talking about obviously
is the big gap that I think we certainly
agree on between the the collectivists
identity politics and and the
sublimation of Science in favor of
