the economy is doing really well but is
it the end of the world are we all going
to die according to the media sort of
President Trump announces his fake
Newsies and everyone is a GOG plus the
worst form of art / not art that you
have ever seen it's really horrifying
we'll talk about a ben shapiro show
[Music]
indeed many things to talk about from
the president speaking at the March for
Life which is a good thing to the
president tweeting out absolute nonsense
about his own policies that makes no
sense which is a bad thing
lots of good Trump bad Trump today we
may have to break out the old theme a
little bit later on in the show but
first we want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so even
though the economy is doing really well
right now even though the stock market
is doing really well right now there are
a lot of people who are looking to hedge
their bets which is why of course there
are currencies like Bitcoin that are
doing so well well the original Bitcoin
is gold right that was the hedge against
inflation was the hedge against market
uncertainty and it remains the real
hedge against market uncertainty and
market inflation and the government
jackman round with the currency that's
why you should have it was part of your
portfolio in precious metals not the
whole thing
you should certainly have some of your
money in stocks and some of your money
and I don't really believe in bonds
which we leave in the butt stocks but
you should also have some of your money
in actual precious metals because it's
just a safe haven that's where my
friends over at Birch gold a group come
in they've a long-standing track record
of continued success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact them now for a
free information kit on physical
precious metals they have a
comprehensive 16 page kit and it shows
how gold and silver can protect your
savings and how you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds
and into a precious metals IRA to get
that no-cost no-obligation cocom slash
pen that is birchgold.com slash try to
make sure you have all your questions
answered and you feel comfortable and
then when you do birch cool to the
people you need to talk to birchgold.com
slash man that lets them know that we
say ok so we were told that all human
life would be ended it would be like
deep impact except if crisis had not
been averted by the tax cut right the
tax cut was going to end all human life
on earth and that obviously has been
happening the latest evidence that
millions will die because of the Trump
tax cuts comes courtesy of Apple run by
Tim Cook hey lefty who said that they
would now pay one-time tax of 38 billion
dollars on their overseas cash holdings
and ramped up spending in the United
States as they seek to emphasize their
contributions to the American economy
after years of taking criticism for
outsourcing manufacturing to China why
because we changed our tax policy right
now we've changed our tax policy the
corporate tax rates or drop dramatically
which means that now Apple doesn't have
to outsource right all of its costs just
went down for doing business in the
United States they say they
invest thirty billion dollars in capital
spending in the u.s. over five years
that would create more than twenty
thousand jobs the total includes a new
campus which initially is going to house
technical support for customers they're
calling missus Apple HQ to and right now
there's an open competition among cities
around the United States to get the new
Apple headquarters it'll probably be in
Austin Texas if anybody thinks it's
gonna come to LA that's on their final
list is LA they'd be fools to put this
headquarters in La La's a for lack of a
better term a bleep whole country I live
here I get to say that
okay the total includes a new campus and
ten billion dollars toward data centers
across the country
it also will expand from 1 billion
dollars to 5 billion dollars a funded
established last year for investing in
advanced manufacturing in the United
States now one of the reasons that I
think that this is good that Apple is
announcing this is as I've been saying
for months there's a difference between
the government giving a company specific
give away to places like Apple and
making broad scale policy changes that
have a good impact on Apple it's useful
for companies to sound off publicly and
say here are the policies that benefit
my business so long as those policies
are not specifically geared toward
paying you off yeah that's not what this
policy was designed to do
Apple's thirty eight billion dollar tax
commitment this corning The Wall Street
Journal is the largest such sum
announced in response to the major
overhaul of the u.s. tax code president
Trump signed into law late last year
that law included an incentive for US
companies to bring home offshore
holdings with companies required to pay
a one-time tax of fifteen point five
percent on overseas profits held in cash
and other liquid assets instead of them
having to keep all of that money
overseas instead they get to now bring
that money home and invest it here in
the United States these tax changes are
very good obviously not the end of all
life on earth so the so Tim Cook who is
the the post Steve Jobs head of Apple
was asked about all this he said some of
this was planned already but some of it
wasn't and the Trump tax cuts had
something to do with it no there clearly
let me be clear there there are large
parts of this that a result of the tax
reform and there's large parts of this
that we would have done in any situation
so it sounds like president Trump's tax
bill has been a huge windfall for Apple
well we - there are two parts of tax
bill right there's a corporate piece in
an individual case I do believe the
corporate tax side will will result in
job creation
and a faster growing economy okay so
again all of the talk about how this is
the end of the economy everything was
gonna go terribly it's nonsense the
stock market is gained a thousand points
in the last eight days consumer
confidence is high as well it should be
again a confidence in the economy is
less based on the actual policy that the
economy is currently sustaining it is
more based on predictability in the
economy if you're if you want a business
right we've run a business here at daly
wire one of the things that makes it
very difficult to do business in the
state of California is you don't know
from day to day
what exactly the state legislature in
California is going to do that means
that we have to think twice before we
hire someone do we want to hire somebody
simply to fire them I do want to hire
somebody simply to have our profit
margins cut arbitrarily by the state
through tax regulation do we the same
thing holds true in all areas of the
marketplace the marketplace is always in
flux that is why one I think it's George
Gilder who talks about the idea that the
economy a well-run economy should
basically be like the static on a phone
line right that the the job of the
government is to make sure that that
static is as low as possible there's a
certain predictability to whatever hum
is in the background the worst thing
that can happen on a phone is not that
they're static the dinners intermittent
static you actually would prefer a low
level of consistent static on a phone
call to every so often you just lose the
call for five to ten seconds because
then you can't understand what anybody
is saying it's the predictability of the
economy that matters even more than the
level of static in the economy so long
as the level of static in the economy
isn't it's some enormous rate where
nothing can get done and it totally
stagnates the economy now what's amazing
about all of this is again the economy
is doing really well
the jobless claims aren't their lowest
level now since something like 1973 so
there's still problems in the economy in
terms of people reintegrating into the
economy after years of spending time out
of the economy we're still paying too
much in terms of people who are on
unemployment insurance but the economy
continues to to do really well and the
Democrats are very upset about this
people on the Left are very upset about
this which goes to show you know when
people like me said we wanted Obama to
fail I said I think that rush limbaugh
was right I wanted Obama to fail the
reason I wanted Obama to fail was not
because I wanted something bad for the
country but because I thought I wanted
his policies to fail I didn't want him
as you know president to fail I would
prefer that he embraced all the policies
that I like do all those things in the
country succeeds the reason I wanted
Obama to fail is because he disagreed
with all of my policies and he helped
stagnate the economy the difference is
people on the left are actually not
happy when the economy does well right
when the economies did well under under
President Obama or did mediocre under
President Obama I urged caution because
I thought that his regulatory policy was
really bad but I was quite happy that
the economy was doing well you can see
the difference Chris Matthews is very
upset about this so he's back from
vacation you remember there are a lot of
accusations that Chris Matthews I don't
know that's how you stay and playing
hardball with female employees I've been
yelling at them saying mean things to
them wake in the morning those are they
show and say stop and that was back he's
on MSNBC with beardy McGee aired a lot
don't know who this guy is and and Chris
Matthews starts talking about how maybe
it is a bad thing if the economy grows
maybe it's bad for the merica if the
economy grows because Trump or something
I get this sense that one of the reasons
the Dow Jones is going up it's generally
good news but in this case I wonder if
it is because what it means is all the
stuff that we rooted for for the last 40
or 50 years the Clean Water Act the
Clean Air Act all the things that good
legislators like dead muskie got through
are being term itíd to death are being
killed by administrators who want the
government to fail in its mission that's
understand we need the regulations that
kill the economy cuz it makes life
better for so many Americans that's why
the regulation is great and if it screws
bunch of Americans and your stocks go
down you eat your 401 K well huh I laugh
at you and then I go buy another shoe to
cut my hair with first of all I love
that MSNBC actually has Chiron's like
this right look at the chyron on this
MSNBC clip I can just put up the
freeze-frame here it's even worse than
you think and then it just shows America
on fire yeah they're not rooting for
disaster or anything it's even worse
than you think with the maricón fire
well I didn't think it was that bad
honestly I think that it's a lot better
than you think I mean these people are
crazy people talk about Trump
derangement syndrome I mean this is
full-on from foreign German syndrome I
hope that the economy goes to hell so we
can blame Trump for regulatory policy
and it did this is comes from the same
school of thought where people are very
angry that in places like Seattle there
are companies that now will say here is
what your bottle of soda would cost here
is what it cost with the soda tax and
like doubles the price and they're very
angry that people would make this clear
or businesses that say here's what I'd
be charging if I didn't have to pay my
employees minimum wage bills l how dare
are they people did this with Obamacare
- okay reality suggests that when you
get rid of
regulations on businesses businesses do
better sorry that reality does but
that's just the reality but over on
MSNBC they refused to recognize reality
because reality is is oftentimes
discriminatory of sexist racist bigoted
etc okay so before we go any further
we're gonna get to Trump's fake news
Awards in just a second the fake Newsies
and they were shall we say
disappointment I was I was he should
have just Rick Rolled everybody it
would've been better but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so Hewitt sleep is the best
mattress on the market okay it's a
mattress personalized to your unique
preferences and sleeping style that
won't set you back thousands of dollars
it's great okay the reason I know it's
great is because I get so little sleep
but when I do sleep I better damn well
be comfortable and my daughter had a
horrible cough last night that means
that we didn't fall asleep till 1:00
a.m. but I'm here energetic and refresh
because my helix sleep at mattress okay
go to helix sleep calm slash man you
take their simple two to three minutes
sleep quiz they ask you if you like the
mattress firmer softer you like it to
retain heat or do you like it to
dissipate heat and they'll build a
custom mattress so that you and your
spouse can have different sides of the
mattress be at different settings and
it's the best thing you've ever slept on
we have she took more expensive mattress
and moved it out of our room in favor or
helix sleep mattress it comes to you in
the mail you open up the box and inflate
right there in front of you here enough
to slap on down to a store it doesn't
come in it you don't have to try and
figure out how to fit it through the
doorway and then you sleep on it it's
great and what's better is you can try
it for 100 nights and if you don't like
it they'll pick it up and refund you in
full go to helix sleep calm slash Ben
right now you get fifty dollars toward
your custom mattress that's helix sleep
calm slash Ben right now 50 bucks order
custom mattress it's a lot less
expensive than getting a mattress at a
retail store the markups insane helix
sleep you're getting really quality
stuff at a much from a less expensive
price helix sleep calm slash been for 50
bucks toward your order again that's
helix sleep calm slash Ben and use that
slash Bend so that they know that we
saying by the way they have other
products too like the helix mattress
protector the Machine machine washable
and dryer safe and completely waterproof
that's particularly good for ordering
for four kids so they have lots of great
products you look sleep calm slash menus
the /bounds they know that we sent you
okay so last night was the much-awaited
much-ballyhooed fake Newsies now I was
hoping okay if there's one thing that we
could expect from this president one
thing I think would be fair to expect
from this president it is that if you're
going to do a real
TV show at least be good at it I mean my
goodness The Apprentice is actually an
entertaining show from like the one
episode or half an episode I ever saw of
it before turning out but the but you
would expect it Trebek Trump has
actually appeared at the Tony Awards or
at the Emmy Awards and he actually did
an entire number of green acres with
Megan Mullaly I believe it was at the
Emmy Awards and you can find this tape
online of Trump singing Green Acres so I
was hoping for some musical interludes
from the president I wanted to hear him
sing Moon River I thought that'd be
great
and he can actually do it by mooning the
press during the fake Newsies Day Moon
River wider than a mile and then just
moon the press like yeah it could've
been fantastic it could've been great
all the way through none of that happen
instead it turned out that he's sort of
said that he was gonna give fake news
Awards and then he just half-assed it
another Moon River reference hey then he
just didn't really do it properly he say
tweeted out a link to the GOP comm
website and the GOP comm website was
basically like an article that you'd
find a daily wire or Washington Examiner
or the Federalist that listed like ten
of the worst fake news stories of the of
the of the year of 2017 he got some of
them wrong right he suggested for
example that CNN had edited remember we
talked about on the air CNN made a big
deal out of from dumping a bunch of fish
food in the koi pond and it turned out
that the the Prime Minister of Japan
Shinzo Abe a had actually done exactly
the same thing a minute before but you
didn't see that because the CNN camera
had zoomed in on Trump and then people
suggested that Trump was just a rude
buffoon because he did it himself so
that was on the list that they said that
Siena had edited the tape falsely that
wasn't really true there's plenty of
fake news on the list though I mean
again Chris Matthews suggesting that
it's even worse than you think his fake
news that of course is not true at all
but he releases
the fake Newsies and here are some of
the winners we'll go through some of the
winners what he said what first of all
CNN came in and in first place there the
Sally Field you like me you really like
me of the fake Newsies the New York
Times is Paul Krugman claims on the day
of president Trump's historic landslide
victory that the economy would never
recover first of all I love that the
that the Trump administration keeps
trotting out the lie that this is a
historic landslide victory it was not in
fact a historic landslide victory he
lost the popular vote by three mil and
just to be accurate it is fake news that
it was a historic landslide victory it
was not a historic landslide victory it
was a very very close election in
she lost the popular vote in the
electoral college he outpaced everyone
but I think George W Bush in 2000 he was
outpaced by every other election for the
past 40 years except for except for W in
2000 which was a dead heat essentially
then they put on ABC News's Brian Ross
choked and cent markets into the
downward spiral with false report that
is indeed fake news the CNN reporting
that Donald Trump in his son had access
to hacked document from WikiLeaks that
was fake news he's correct time
reporting the Trump removed a bust of
MLK from The Oval Office it wasn't
really time it was a time reporter who
tweeted it out then retracted it within
a couple of hours just to be a little
accurate here Washington Post reporting
but the president sold-out rally in
Pensacola was empty okay that should not
make the top ten that's just it's week T
okay it's like when crash won the Oscar
for Best Picture
that one really is not on the list but
beyond that it wasn't the Washington
Post that reported it again it was in
Washington Post reporter who then walked
that back with him I think in an hour of
tweeting it out and then I mentioned the
CNN video about the the feeding of the
fish
a CNN falsely reporting about Anthony
Skinner mood she's meeting with the
Russian and then retracting it due to a
significant breakdown in process that
was indeed a bad one
Newsweek reporting the Polish first lady
a gotta kornhauser Duda did not shake
president Trump's hand I remember when
the media did this I believe it was
again a reporter for Newsweek not
