fallout from tax reform continues nikki
Haley is my spirit animal
at the un+ Hollywood actually did
something right
really I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show okely-dokely so much to get
through you know at the end of the week
it's been a long week and it's only
Thursday I mean it really feels like it
should be Friday at this point so we're
just sitting around the office making
Star Wars jokes at this point I won't
spoil Star Wars further with the joke
that I just made that is spectacular and
then I stole from Ben Domenech over at
the federalists but before we get to
anything of real interest and there's a
lot of news happening first I want to
say thank you to our sponsor is over at
tracker so I lose my keys and I lose my
wallet and I lose my phone a lot my wife
does it even more than I do and I can
say that with a straight face and in all
candor but no longer thanks to tracker
so tracker is the best device to prevent
you from losing your wallet your phone
your keys right the way that it works is
that it's a coin size device you stick
it on your keys and now when you lose
your keys you take your phone you hit a
button and boom your keys are ringing
and you can find them and if you lose
your phone and even if you turned it off
right you turned off the sound on your
phone and so it's silent alright this is
always driven everybody nuts you lose
your phone you try to call the phone it
but it rings but you can't hear it cuz
it's on silent well now when you have
when you have tracker then all you have
to do is hit the button and boom your
phone rings right through it tracker
comm is the best Lightness Bluetooth
tracking device on the market you put
the tracker pixel on whatever you tend
to lose and it is small enough to fit
anywhere you can track your item even if
it's miles away because every tracker
user is also a part of the largest crowd
locate network in the world it's like
Waze except for finding your stuff and
they have a 30-day money-back guarantee
which means that you really don't have
anything to lose it makes a great gift
it is a very useful gift for the holiday
season so during this holiday season
save 20% off your order when you go to
the tracker comm slash appear oh that's
the track our comm slash appear oh you
get 20% off that tracker comm slash
Shapiro you get 20% off use the slash
pen so they know that we sent you as
well and make your life easier and less
frustrating ok so we begin today it will
do taxes in a second you know I want to
begin today instead with the UN so the
UN right now as we speak is voting on
whether to condemn the United States for
moving its embassy
Jerusalem which we should say eff off
who cares what you have to say why do I
possibly care what Venezuela where its
citizens are eating dogs have to say
about where we put our embassy why would
I care about the organization of Islamic
countries 57 Islamic countries who hate
Jews why would I possibly care what they
have to say about whether Jerusalem
should be Jewish territory why in the
world would I have to care about that
it's somehow we're supposed to care
about this we're supposed to care deeply
that the UN which is basically Mos
Eisley okay you will never find a more
wretched hive of scum and villainy than
the United Nations General Assembly I
hate the United Nations so much that
while I'm against the use of eminent
domain to hand over to private
businesses because I think that that's
illegal I would be willing to make an
exception of President Trump wanted to
use eminent domain to bulldoze the UN
and build a Trump Tower on top of it I'd
be fine with that in fact I think the
best use of the UN would be throw out
all the diplomats and use it as an
asylum housing project for all of the
people who have to run from the garbage
countries that occupy the UN the UN is
an awful institution it has done
literally nothing good since basically
inception except for voting for the
establishment of the State of Israel
name the good things the UN has done
I'll wait okay then the UN is a terrible
organization and it is a wildly
anti-semitic organization is it a shock
but they're trying to pass another
Assembly resolution against Israel is
that a shock let me explain to you why
this is not a particular shock I begin
with a few statistics so for all those
people like well you know the UN that
Center of moral gravitas when they come
after Israel that really means something
no it doesn't mean anything it is it
doesn't mean anything here are some
statistics for you how much does the
United Nations hate Israel there 193
countries in the UN more than a quarter
of them are Muslim countries who hate
Israel and then you haven't gotten
started with the Europeans okay Jews
ain't exactly popular in Europe as
demonstrated by Exhibit A the Holocaust
so things have not gone well for Jews in
Europe historically here's how the UN
has voted with regard to Israel a
country full of Jews okay UN Human
Rights Council which is supposed to be
there to you know probably get Human
Rights you might think that they would
have some resolutions against China for
being a repressive communist country
that forces abortions on its citizens or
maybe against North Korea a giant prison
state a giant gulag or maybe
against Venezuela an oil-rich petro
oligarchy that has been using its oil to
prop up its leadership while
simultaneously forcing its citizens to
shoot animals to eat in the streets you
might think that the UN Human Rights
Council might have some things to say
about that well now from its creation in
June 2006 through June 2016 a full
decade the UN Human Rights Council has
adopted 135 resolutions criticizing
countries this is thanks to UN watchdog
they've adopted 135 resolutions
criticizing countries 135 how many of
them were against Israel one country
6868 literally half of all UN
resolutions at the Human Rights Council
criticizing a country have been directed
not against North Korea not against Iran
not against Saudi Arabia not against
Egypt not against China not against
Venezuela against not against Cuba
against Israel the only time a kradic
free country in the Middle East half of
them
okay the UN General Assembly as I say
the the Star Wars Cantina of garbage of
human debris came from 2012 through 2015
the UN General Assembly has adopted 97
resolutions criticizing countries how
many of those were against Israel say we
have a wild guess I'm taking guesses
Jonathan how many of the new and UNG a
UN GA has it up to 97 resolutions
criticizing countries how many of those
have been against Israel specifically 83
of the 97 83 of 97 resolutions
criticizing any country are directed
against Israel how about the UA UNESCO
the UN Educational Scientific and
Cultural Organization they're there for
education and health they're there to
inform people did they have any
resolutions criticizing Hamas for
literally using UN schools as launching
pads for rockets during the Gaza war no
but they do have 10 resolutions a year
they adopt around 10 resolutions a year
how many of those resolutions have been
against Israel all of them literally all
there has been one one resolution
against another country and that was
against Syria in 2013
since then Syria has been great by the
way things have just been swimming in
Syria I mean UNESCO has had nothing to
say about Syria well five hundred
thousand Syrians were slaughtered but
Israel boy oh boy that Israel the World
Health Organization
they don't even adopt resolutions
against countries they adopt resolutions
against Israel literally they adopt one
resolution a year singling out Israel
for condemnation the International Labor
Organization was established to improve
conditions of labor regulate work hours
and fight unemployment and assure
adequate living wages Israel has the
strongest economy in the Middle East and
it ain't close and it's an annual
conference the ILO the Iowa only
produces one country specific report
guess the name of the country so is it
super shocking that the UN has decided
to single out Israel and say the
Jerusalem is not Jewish territory is it
super shocking that the Palestinian
Authority a terrorist group has come out
and said how dare the United States try
to blackmail us they're trying to
blackmail us they're trying to say that
if we oppose them they'll cut off aid
the United States okay
the Palestinians don't get to talk about
blackmail Palestinian Authority Hamas
Islamic Jihad their entire strategy is
if you don't give us what we want we
will come into our house and murder your
children and as extortion is their
entire political strategy and has been
for decades but they're ripping the
United States so as I said earlier nikki
Haley the UN Ambassador under President
Trump is my spirit animal President
Trump led off this UN thing by saying
himself listen if they want to if they
want to opposes that the UN will just
cut their funding take hundreds of
millions of dollars and even billions of
dollars and then they vote against us
well we're watching those votes let them
vote against us we'll save a lot we
don't care yes okay this is the Trump
who in 2011 I thought maybe be good
president this is okay this is not just
good Trump this is not just great Trump
this is exhilarating Trump okay this is
fantastic Trump the big fu to all these
countries who take our money and then
use it for terrorism ace is fine you
want to vote against this we'll just cut
off your money how's that hey like that
hey like dem apples
love it and then nikki Haley goes full
board Jean Kirkpatrick at the UN and it
is fantastic nikki Haley you can see the
you know I don't know whether to say
that I have Haley s courage or she has
Shapiro s courage but whatever it is we
have million we have mind merged here
nikki Haley is now mice at the UN not
nikki Haley all the time and nikki Haley
at the UN at the General Assembly this
is my
spirit animal right here United States
will remember this day in which it was
singled out for attack in the General
Assembly for the very act of exercising
our right as a sovereign nation we will
remember it when we are called upon to
once again make the world's largest
contribution to the United Nations and
we will remember it when so many
countries come calling on us as they so
often do to pay even more and to use our
influence for their benefit America will
put our embassy in Jerusalem that is
what the American people want us to do
and it is the right thing to do yes yes
okay this is this is correct why we even
spend a dime at this defunct pathetic
institution is beyond me you just
bulldoze the damn place and we should
make all these jackasses pay their
parking tickets you make all these all
these diplomats who've been out there
raping people they have diplomatic
immunity we should drag them into court
like enough of this nonsense
in the UN it's a garbage institution
it's been a garbage institution for
quite a while okay in a second I am
going to discuss the the Trump tax plan
and the fallout it's been a very good
week for Team Trump very good week for
Team Trump but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at quip so if
you are at all concerned about your
health
then you should be concerned also about
your dental health because one thing
that we know is that dental health is
actually linked to things like heart
health and one thing that everybody does
wrong is brushing their teeth people
brush their teeth wrong you know that an
electric toothbrush does a lot more for
you than a manual toothbrush well quip
is the ultimate in electric toothbrushes
it's the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amounts of
vibration into an ultra slim design
guiding pulses to simplify better
brushing it's a fraction of the cost of
bulkier brushes it comes with a mountain
goes right on your mirror it also offers
an optional subscription plan so the new
brush heads will arrive on a dentist
recommended three months scheduled for
just five bucks including free shipping
worldwide that I think is a fantastic
idea because even if you buy an electric
toothbrush it's more expensive you don't
have to worry about when you go out and
you buy the new brush heads or when you
replace them if you get on the quick
schedule the new brush head arrives
exactly when it's supposed to you just
replace it and you don't have to think
about it anymore
quip is the ideal size and price to give
anyone on your holiday list on your
Christmas list you can even include the
automatic brush head deliveries for a
year so ensure your gift keeps on giving
until the next holiday its featured in
pretty much every gift guide its
featured in Forbes its featured in men's
health it's featured in even GQ it's
backed by a network of over 10,000
dental professionals including dentists
hygienists and dental students quip
starts at just 25 bucks and right now
when you go to get quip comm slash
Shapiro you get your first refill pack
free with a quip electric toothbrush so
that's your first free pill refill pack
free at get quip comm slash Shapiro get
quip comm slash Shapiro again it's just
25 bucks to start and you get your first
refill pack free GE t qu IP comm slash
your Pierrot make your dental health
better use that trip hero the slash
repair oh so they know that we sent you
okay so the Democrats have been
struggling ardently to figure out
exactly how to counter president Trump's
tax reform bill what exactly do they do
how exactly can they counter this and
they've been having a really rough time
of it because it turns out that the tax
bill actually gives a tax break to
pretty much everybody the tax bill is
going to be good for the economy that
it's not going to harm the economy the
real only point to push back on the tax
bill comes from some conservatives who
are deficit hawks like Kevin Williamson
who says listen at some point we're
gonna have to get our spending under
control that's true but that's not
really a critique of the tax cut so much
as it is a critique of our failure to
cut our spending right even if there
were no tax cut we'd have a massive debt
so we have to cut our spending in other
words anyway but the tax cut itself is
slated to help the economy and this is
what's scaring Democrats also the
polling numbers have apparently started
to turn around for the tax cut already
as people begin to see that this tax cut
is not some sort of boondoggle to help
the rich the Democrats are beginning to
panic they're starting to freak out so
it's led by folks like Seth Meyers South
Meyers of course the late-night host and
now we have to have all of the political
thoughts of our late-night house it's
just it's vital for me to hear what the
guy who used to write for Comedy Central
has to say a guy who used to write
comedy lines for President Obama has to
say about the tax cuts this seems like a
real honest broker to me here's Seth
Meyers saying that the GOP tax bill is a
brazen heist
brazen first of all I do love when
people use the word brazen but really
only one is followed by huh see I think
that brazen brazen hussy is is a great
historic film phrase but in any case
it's a brazen high
according to Seth Meyers here we go the
public has passed a sweeping overhaul of
the tax code that will overwhelmingly
benefit corporations in the wealthy
amounting to nothing less than a brazen
heist of the country okay if brazen
heist of the country who stole the
country is like where in the world is
Carmen Sandiego if you ever watched that
that show or played that game it would
be people stealing like actual monuments
there's like Carmen Sandiego just stole
the the Washington Monument where did
the country go if it was heisted why am
I still here where are we in a different
zone what's happened now first I was
killed and then they stole my country
it's so weird what what's going on why
does everything seem thing everything
seemed exactly the same
it was weird I woke up at 5:00 yeah I
woke up very early this morning and I
got in my car and I looked around I saw
there was no one on the roads and I
figured everyone had been killed by the
by the tax bill but as it turns out it
was just 5:30 in the morning and who the
hell is on the road at 5:30 in the
morning so that was the actual solution
because I got at nine o'clock everybody
was out doing their normal stuff in any
case the Democrats are struggling to
come up with the rationale for opposing
this thing so they've tried the Seth
Meyers it's a brazen heist
they have also tried the tax cuts just
don't do anything all right so we've
heard this from a couple of Democrats
saying well you know at the lower end of
these tax cuts some families are only
getting back like 80 dollars a month is
that really a lot of money is that
enough to do anything does that even
matter it matters to the person who's
getting back 80 bucks a month it's not
nothing
it's better than not having $80 a month
let's put it that way my favorite though
my favorite defense of opposition to the
tax cut comes courtesy of one of the
worst representatives in Congress I've
actually openly supported to his
opponent I generally don't support
politicians and races but I've openly
supported his opponent in California
this guy is Ted Lou Ted Lou is the is
the Congress person from now here's
somewhere in in the city in like LaBrea
area and and Ted Lou says that this bill
will harm Americans here is his initial
statement on it yesterday Democrats are
not opposed to tax reform we're opposed
to harmful tax reform and this bill is
going to harm America by exploding our
deficit by 1.5 trillion dollars it's
then gonna require automatic cuts of 25
billion of Medicare and most of the
benefits of this tax bill go to the
super wealthy okay so all of this is
happy talk then he got too
is real point his real point he made on
Twitter and it is demonstrative of how
some people on the left think about the
role of government and what it's
supposed to do here is what ted Lieu
tweeted quote GOP underestimates how
people feel when they know others got a
better deal if Sally gets a tax cut of
$380 but others get two hundred thousand
dollars she will be upset and wait until
Joe finds out he is getting a tax
increase for residing in California
that's why tax bill is so unpopular
human nature hmm
deep thoughts there from ted Lieu human
nature now here's the thing I agree with
Ted Lou I agree human nature is for us
to be jealous jerks that is our nature
our nature is to see the guy next door
at the lab ragini and think but if I
work harder maybe I too will have a lab
ragini which is totally acceptable but
that guy has a lab redeeming I'm gonna
go key it right or that guy has a
Lamborghini what if I stole it
hey debt is human nature right we are a
jealous crew we are not kind the
green-eyed monster of envy gets us all
