Starbucks is in serious trouble and
we'll go through the case plus president
Trump reaches out to North Korea and
Democrats try to take Ted Cruz's seat in
Texas I'm Ben Shapiro this is Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
as always it is a busy news day and I
have a lot to talk about particularly
with regard to the Starbucks fiasco I
just hate how the media covered these
racial incidents without actually
waiting to hear all the facts without
waiting to see if there's any additional
evidence the immediate jump to
conclusions is pretty astonishing we'll
get to all of that in just a second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at quip so every single
day you are brushing your teeth I would
hope because otherwise you're a gross
person but when you brush your teeth are
you really using the best kind of
toothbrush to do so well you should be
using quip clip as the new electric
toothbrush that packs just the right
amount of vibration into a slimmer
design at the fraction of the cost of
bulkier traditional electric brushes and
guiding pulses actually alert you when
to switch sides making brushing the
right mount absolutely effortless quip
even comes with a mount that suctions
right to your mirror and unsticks to use
as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in your gym bag
whether it's going in your carry-on and
because the thing that cleans your mouth
should also be clean quip subscription
service makes sure that you get a
refresh on your brush I'm a dentist
recommended schedule deliver a new brush
has every three months for just five
bucks including free shipping worldwide
so you're never gonna have to worry
about using a brush head that's eight
months old and still has your food from
four months in it
instead you have a new brush head every
three months and you never have to worry
about it because as soon as it arrives
in mail you just pop it on your
toothbrush and you're good to go
quip is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals including
dentists hygienists and dental students
most toothbrushes don't get named one of
Time Magazine's best inventions of the
year equipped did and there's a reason
why equip starts just 25 bucks and if
you go to get quip comm slash Shapiro
right now yet your first refill pack
free with equip electric toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip calm slash Shapiro GE t qu IP
comm slash Shapiro get quip comm slash
capiro and again use that slash appear
so they know we sent you and ensure that
you get your first refill pack
absolutely free with that quip electric
toothbrush get quip comm slash Shapiro
alright so I want to start today with
the situation over at Starbucks this has
now become a national issue so Starbucks
is supposed to shut down every one of
its stores for a day next week because
there was apparently an incident in
which two black guys were at a
Philadelphia Starbucks and sat down and
the manager asked them if they wanted to
buy anything and they said no and
according to them at this point she
called the police according to her they
continuously refused to leave they were
they were they were just loitering and
she called police the police came the
police
apparently ask these guys to leave the
guys refuse to over and over at which
point the police arrested them so
Starbucks has of course apologized for
the incident the woman in question has
not been fired she apparently no longer
works at the store which makes me a
little suspicious it does make me a
little suspicious it makes me a little
suspicious that startups didn't just
fire the lady if they actually thought
that there was a deeply racist incident
that had happened you would imagine that
they would get rid of the lady for
simple legal reasons having this woman
hanging around if she actually was
participant in a racial incident seems
like really stupid stupid policy but
Starbucks didn't get rid of her which
leads me to believe there might be a
little bit more to the story so today I
want to go through the media hubbub
about all of this and I want to ask a
few simple questions that are all
answerable this is not true the ring I'm
not saying I don't believe I don't
believe these guys story I'm just saying
that I want to see the evidence on all
sides and I don't think that that's
unreasonable so for example the the guys
go on Good Morning America the two black
fellows go on Good Morning America and
they are being given national coverage
for an incident in which they were
threatened with arrest for apparently
sitting in a Starbucks for no reason and
the tape was originally taken by a woman
that by a couple of different people who
are at the Starbucks a new claim that
they saw this racial incident unfold
when the guys asked to use the bathroom
they were told they couldn't use the
bathroom because they hadn't bought
anything and then they refused to buy
something and the manager whose name is
Holly apparently called the police for
loitering so here is a little bit of the
of the ABC News exclusive interview with
these two guys now again I have to point
out that this is being wildly overblown
okay the lady is presumably being
punished the the Starbucks has
apologized they're shutting down their
entire entire company for a day to teach
about implicit bias I'll discuss
implicit bias and how stupid implicit
bias assessment tests are in just a
second and why implicit bias training is
completely useless from a social science
perspective I'll talk about that in just
a few minutes here but important to note
Kyle Smith has a good point national
review there are two hundred and
thirty-eight thousand employees of
Starbucks let's assume that everything
that said here is right let's assume
that this this manager this this manager
at the Starbucks was a brutal horrible
Bull Connor type racist would that
implicate everyone who works for
Starbucks Kyle Smith points out two
hundred thirty eight thousand people's
like the entire population of the city
of Richmond if someone killed somebody
in the city of Richmond would you say
listen I'm never traveling to Richmond
again I'm to boycott Richmond would you
force the entire population of Richmond
to go and get implicit bias training or
just say that's a bad person alright so
first of all this is an individual issue
at the very most and second of all we're
not even sure if it's an individual
issue yet because as I'm gonna point out
there are cameras in the store like this
is an amazing thing I'm amazed nobody's
asked this before I've been asking this
for the last couple of days every
Starbucks I've ever been in has cameras
they have cameras there because they
want to ensure that if a crime actually
does take place on the premises that
they can hand that tape over to the
police so I asked my listeners to
actually go over to the Starbucks I has
one particular listener who had been to
the Starbucks knew the manager said that
this manager was a social justice
warrior leftist who is so woke that she
spends her days telling people not to
use the wrong pronouns and yet this one
is supposed to be the great racist in
the whole story she still has not
publicly revealed herself or told her
side of the story but in any case I
asked a couple of my listeners and one
of them one of my Twitter followers if
they could go take a look at the
Starbucks itself to see if there a bunch
of cameras there it turns out that from
the picture she took there are no less
than four cameras in the establishment
and yet we have seen no camera tape from
any of this the only reason I'm breaking
this down this way folks is because it's
a national story otherwise I wouldn't
care because when the I'll give you an
example there is a story from Applebee's
there was an there's an Applebee's as I
believe that it was in Wisconsin and
just back in February I was Missouri
rather appellees fired three employees
in a Missouri mall based restaurant back
in February that a determined were
involved in the racial profiling of two
African American customers whom they
falsely accused of skipping out without
paying their bill the restaurant chain
also apologized for the February ninth
incident at the Independence Missouri
eatery the apology comes after one of
the diners Alexis Britton posted a video
of her encounter with employees from her
cell phone and commented on the incident
on Facebook the restaurant the
independent center mall was temporarily
closed and the video showed up a
restaurant staffer a police officer and
a security guard talking to two woman
one of whom was crying uncontrollably
had been estimated viewed three million
times the company said that it regretted
the incident and the manager the server
and another employee were fired hey this
is a quiet visit an incident where I'm
not questioning what happened because
the company fired the employees the
company not only admitted what had
happened the company then fired the
employees and apparently this is a much
more clear-cut case where the police
were called on these particular women
were accused of walking out on their
bill but they did not walk out without
paying their bill they actually were
trying to pay their bill right according
to the Facebook post about an hour into
dinner these two women were accused of
ordering food the day before and leaving
without paying their bill then and then
it turns out that these were not the
same two women so the employees were
fired yes that's an easy one to prove
right there's the receipt their evidence
that they were there the day before or
they weren't there the day before right
it turns out the employees were all
wrong and they were all fired so in that
particular case I'm not saying show me
the tape in this particular case I'm
saying show me the tape because there's
a little bit of countervailing evidence
and you're gonna see the countervailing
evidence here so I'm gonna play you the
account of the two men who are on Good
Morning America again this is now
national incident even though it's at
best one person at a Starbucks in
Philadelphia important to point out that
this was manager Holly she's working at
a Starbucks in Philadelphia Philadelphia
is 42 percent black if you really think
that Holly has not dealt for the past
year with any black customers or that
she's a wild racist who's discriminate
against black customers it's weird that
everything was fine for a year in a 42%
black city were presumably a lot of the
customers are black and again as I say
one of my listeners I talked about this
yesterday on the program one of my
listeners knows Holly has been there and
has seen her deal with black customers
and has never seen any inkling of
anything like this but all right here's
the account of the two men on Good
Morning America an I'm gonna show you
this even conflicts with the police
accounting of what happened I want to
show you also how the media treats it so
Robin Roberts is the one doing the
interview on ABC News's Good Morning
America I hear it is dontay you both
walk in you get a table
rashon how long was it before you asked
to use the restroom immediately as soon
as I walked in and she stated that they
were for paying customers only what
happened next
we're at the table we said now we're
just talking amongst each other
she didn't comes from around the
register as you know walks up to us
you know she can help us with anything
can you start with some drinks or water
or something like that you know when we
have bottles of water with us so you
know we're fine we're just waiting for a
meeting we'll be out really quick it's
like thing according to 9-1-1 accounts
a call was placed at 437 approximately
two minutes after you arrived to 9-1-1
what did you think when you saw police
arrived Dante you can't be here for us
okay so what's posit there from one
second so first thing to note here is
when she says that they arrived at 4:35
and then the call happened at 4:37 how
does she know what time they got there
right I mean she she's not revealing how
she knows that because presumably she'd
either have to have testimony from
Starbucks itself she'd have to have
access to tape she'd have to have
witnesses who said 4:35 or these guys
told her they got there at 4:35 and in
437 this woman made a call we just don't
know the answer now this is one of the
areas where tape could obviously clear
this up you can see them walk in there'd
be a time stamp on the tape you know
whether this is true or not according to
the police this is not what happened
right if you actually listen to what the
police officer said right it's not it
doesn't match up with what these two
guys are saying so these two guys are
saying that they walked in they sat down
they asked to use the restroom
they were declined because they did not
buy anything they were asked if they
wanted to buy anything and then they
refused to leave because they're waiting
for somebody okay that's that's their
story now here is the police officers
story so here is that here's the police
chief in in Philadelphia who is black
and he is telling the story of what
happened according to the police when
the call was initially made is Starbucks
employees they told the male's that they
were going to call police and they said
go ahead and call police we don't care
so police get there and they're
confronted by the same type of attitude
and repeatedly they're told that they're
not leaving in fact there is some
alleged rhetoric about you don't know
what you're doing you're only a $45,000
year employee or something to that
regard and so because these individuals
refused to leave because Starbucks
actually called the police did not just
happen upon this event it is not just
walk into Starbucks to get coffee they
were called there for a service and that
service had to do with bullying of the
service of disturbance that had to do
with trespassing so I need to underscore
the fact that these males were arrested
when they were arrested they were taken
out essentially without incident there
was no harm done to them but after being
transported to the police district in
the area the officers at the processing
paperwork discovered that Starbucks know
longer was interested in Christ okay so
listen to the police and what the police
chief says is when they arrived they
asked these men do you want to leave me
I said no we're not leaving and
apparently at one point they said we
don't care go ahead and arrest us okay
this is not the same story the media are
telling right the media are telling a
story where these two guys walk in there
are no trouble at all they're just
sitting there and then they're arrested
for no reason after being incredibly
polite to police officers the police
themselves are saying that's not what
happened we don't have the story of
Holly the manager there many of the tape
footage reg in there four cameras in the
establishment from what I can see from
these pictures that are being sent
publicly on social media and there's
been confirmed by a couple of people and
yet the media are running this as though
this is a bull connor Jim Crow story I'm
gonna explain in a second why this
really isn't even that but first I want
to say first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at filter by so what
is the last time you check the filters
in your central air system it's one of
these annoying kicked the can down the
road habits well here's the problem
you're not only aggravating your health
you might be destroying your HVAC system
leading to thousands of bucks and
repairs so stop procrastinating visit my
friends and filter by America's leading
provider of HVAC filters for homes and
small businesses they carry over six
hundred different filter sizes even
custom ones all shipped free within 24
hours plus they're manufactured right
here in the United States filter by
offers a multitude of any RV options all
the way up to hospital grade check your
system specification so you can pick the
right option and maximize efficiency and
elevate the quality of the air that you
breathe set up auto delivery and you're
never gonna need to think about air
filters again did you show up at your
house and you save five percent save
money save time breathe better
filter by com filter bu why.com there's
a reason that we use filter by at the
Shapiro household there's a reason that
we're using it here at the daily wire
offices when we need fresh air filter by
is the place to go filter Bui comm again
that is filtered by dot-com and again
when you when you use filter by comm you
can set up auto delivery and they will
deliver these things regularly plus you
save 5% on the deal so filter Bui comm
filter by com okay so let's discuss for
a second why Starbucks has this policy
about loitering in the first place so
this is the impression here is that
Starbucks employee just decides randomly
these two black guys got to go don't
like them they're black okay that's the
story that we're being told on national
television by Good Morning America again
facts being stated without any real
verification again Robin Roberts saying
there's a two minute delay between the
time these guys sat down and the time
the police were called you know again we
don't
no like I don't know where that's coming
from because what you'll see is that the
media will report it saying things like
these two men arrived at 4:35 and then
by 437 the police were called or let's
say it has been reported has been by
whom by whom okay
again I don't want to break this thing
down like this approver tape I don't
think it's that important and instant
but the media think it's that important
an incident where we wouldn't be talking
about this if the medium weren't blowing
this up into all of America is
implicitly racist including Starbucks
right this is what this is all about
again I wasn't questioning the
Applebee's incident that happened back
in February because that was an actual
racial incident and the people involved
were fired by the train which apologized
okay so obviously and and
again the reason that I asked for
substantiating evidence is because we've
had too many cases in the past of
high-profile incidents like this where
it's turned out that the whole story was
not being told I remember Michael
Bennett who's a football player last
year claimed that the Las Vegas police
department had cracked down on him for
racial reasons and then the tape came
out and it turned out the reason they
cracked down on him is because he was
acting in criminal fashion and so if
tape is available I like tape this tape
is not available we have to evaluate the
evidence of the people who are talking
but just as in a police incident I want
to see the body cam footage before I
make any sort of judgement in this
particular incident I don't think it's
unreasonable for Starbucks to release
footage of exactly what happened here
now there are a lot of people who say
well Starbucks won't release the footage
because they know that they're guilty
okay it's also possible Starbucks won't
