Democrats lose their mind about Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination Bob Woodward's
book launches and Paul Krugman says
Republicans are here to steal your
health care oh happy day i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
today this very tumblr will be filled
endlessly with the tears of all of the
people at the Senate Judiciary Committee
hearing it is fully insane over there
where all the women have been reduced to
the status of menial slaves under
president pence and justice Kavanagh has
forced them all into the back alleys for
their abortions we'll talk about all of
those things but first let's talk about
what you're going to do during this
incipient disaster as Brett Kavanaugh
about to join the Supreme Court and
reduce us all to penury to living in our
homes having to eat from food storage
well what are you gonna do when that
happens the answer is you're gonna need
my Patriot supply because the reality is
that regardless of what the disaster is
whether it's Brett Kavanaugh being
appointed to the Supreme Court or
whether it's net neutrality or whether
it's actually just like an actual
natural disaster where you can't leave
your house or go to the grocery store
you're going to need something in your
house to get you through those times the
answer cannot be to run to the grocery
store in a lot of emergency situations
because the shelves are already empty or
the place is closed this is why you need
my Patriot supply for food storage so
you'll be ready for earthquakes
hurricanes long term power outages and
more here's a great special that makes
it simple each person in your household
should have a two-week emergency food
supply from my Patriot supply the kits
are only 75 bucks right now
they contain ninety two servings of
breakfast lunches and dinners take
action call eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 or go to my special website
prepare with been calm the food lasts up
to 25 years in storage meals compact in
a rugged slimline tote as well it's only
75 bucks for all that rest tonight
knowing that you're prepared order those
food kits at 888 803 1413 or prepare
with been calm 888 803 1413 or prepare
with been calm okay so the second day of
the Brett Kavanaugh hearings is upon us
Brett Kavanaugh of course is president
Trump's nominee to replace Justice
Kennedy yesterday I mistakenly said
who's gonna replace Scalia but that of
course was justice Gorsuch he is there
to replace Justice Kennedy and the left
is going nuts over this because oh my
god an establishment Republican but the
most establishment of credentials is
going to sit on the Supreme Court and
there's nothing they can do to stop it
there's nothing they can do to stop it
because Harry Reid back in 2013 like an
idiot utilize the nuclear option in
order to get through a bunch of judicial
nominees by President Obama over the
filibuster so now it only requires 51
votes to put somebody on a federal court
the Republicans have those 51 votes they
will be using them for Brett Kavanaugh
he will indeed sit on the nation's
highest court
now hilarious about all of this is the
levels of panic to which the left have
been rising in the in the last couple of
days are fully crazy
I mean fully fully crazy well show you
some of that panic in just a second but
Brett Kavanaugh is sitting there
answering questions like what do you
think about roe v-- wade and he's saying
it's precedent and then he's asked about
Planned Parenthood versus Casey and he
says it's precedent on a precedent this
does not sound like a dude who's going
to overturn roe v wade this was always
my criticism of judge Brett Kavanaugh I
didn't think that he was the most right
leaning person that the Republicans
could have picked the most originalist
person Republicans could have picked I
think he'll be a pretty good judge I
think he'll be a pretty good justice I
don't think that he's going to be Thomas
or Scalia I'm not sure that he's a solid
vote to overrule roe v wade but it
doesn't matter what he says at this
point because the Democrats have
basically already made up their mind and
judicial hearings are useless because we
now have something called the so the the
the Ginsburg rule which is has been in
place for some thirty years basically
you can't expect a judge to answer
questions about how they will decide an
upcoming case or even what they really
think of past precedent instead they
just say it's precedent which is a legal
description of the state of the law Roe
is precedent but precedent is not
binding on the Supreme Court because the
Supreme Court can simply overrule
precedents any time that it wants so all
of this is to say that these judicial
hearings are a complete waste of time
they're utter nonsense that are waived
for the for the Senators to grandstand
and apparently for them to bring in all
of their crazy friends to grandstand as
well the hearings were interrupted in
the first 40 minutes 44 times yesterday
by various Democrats shouting out
interruptions also there are a bunch of
people who decided to shout at Brett
Kavanaugh in the room people like Piper
Perabo who's not been relevant since
what coyote ugly she got arrested
yesterday in the worst performance
ironically since coyote ugly she got
arrested yesterday Linda Sarsour of the
women's March was also arrested in the
room she was dragged out kicking and
screaming and you know she is she's a
delight and every in every possible way
so all of these radicals in the room
getting getting dragged away it's it's
just it's just terrific it's just
terrific here's some video of the
protesters screaming because that was
delightful
we're not any negative patient and what
chairman Leahy did during justice
Kagan's this is another example of
confidential documents or really
interesting seeing them in the first
place so here's the rule I think they
should apply I think the rule they
should apply here is that if you invited
anybody in who disrupts the hearing you
don't get to invite anybody in anymore
if you are one of the Democratic
senators and you allowed Code Pink to
come in you'll add Linda Sarsour to come
in then she got herself arrested because
she's a dolt then you don't get to
invite anybody anymore because that's
not what these hearings are for if you
want a protest there's plenty of space
outside for you to protest your protests
will be useless because this is a
democratic process not a protesting and
shouting process but screaming and
whining are the way that the Democrats
are dealing with the fact that they are
not going to be able to get Merrick
garland on the court to replace a
Republican appointee like Justice
Kennedy here is video of Linda Sarsour
getting arrested yesterday she again is
as delight
catch you later Linda
[Applause]
okay if you can understand what they're
saying then you are a you have better
hearing than I do all I hear is the
shrieking of of some sort of primeval
creature in the middle of an in the
middle of a hearing room these are
humans and I'm not calling her an animal
all I'm saying is that shrieking is
inaudible there is no way for you to
tell what she is saying because she's
shrieking like a the people in the room
you're right everybody on that on that
on that panel Orrin Hatch's going you
know what I've changed my vote because
Linda Sarsour is shrieking at me people
in the middle of the country they're
thinking yes disaster is disaster thy
name be Brett Kavanaugh moderates in the
middle of the country independence in
the middle of the country they are
thinking the apocalypse is upon us so
now we've been told by the Democrats
that women and trans folks will die
because of Brett Kavanaugh everybody was
going to die because of net neutrality
everybody already died because of the
tax cuts I mean how many times can
people die already is it's wild it's
it's it's pretty amazing stuff all of
this should also remind you it should
also remind you that when we get all of
this nonsense from the left and from
some members of the right about civility
and our politics Trump being the
beginning and end of civility in our
politics he's the one who ruins civility
yeah sure yeah right it's all about
Trump this is what bugged me about the
McCain funeral where he had George W
Bush and Barack Obama standing up there
kind of creating this mythologized past
where everybody sort of got along and I
was talking with a friend this morning
about what bothered me about that idea
so much and what bothered me about the
idea is that there are those of us who
actually believe that politics matter
and all these politicians prey on us
because what they do is they say you're
right politics do matter and so you got
Joe Biden on the Left saying we'll put
y'all back in Chains and folks on the
right saying this will be the end of the
country unless we do something that's
apocalyptic rhetoric from people on both
sides of the aisle because they're
saying yes you are right
politics do matter and then as soon as
somebody comes along and says you're
right politics matters we're gonna fight
this like a war you've been using this
apocalyptic rhetoric this is going to be
a political war we're gonna fight this
like a war then they say well hold on we
don't want to do that and so they've
been they've been basically doing this
WWE routine for a very long time where
you have every major politician from
both parties speaking like WWE wrestlers
but then telling people they ought to
take it seriously that it's not fake
that in reality these issues actually
matter and then when the people take
those issues seriously
and then when they elect a guy who is
not a politician who takes the things
seriously like Trump actually
the personal conflict seriously
regardless what you think of the guy
then they say well no no he didn't
understand that this was all part of the
game didn't understand he missed it
didn't understand was all part of the
game there's a movie with Robert De Niro
called the fan a long time ago about
this kind of it's it's about a guy who
is a fan of a baseball team and his
baseball team is about to go to the
World Series I think this is how the
plot works and Robert De Niro is a fan
of the baseball team and he is so
enamored with his team's chances of
making the World Series that he goes and
he kidnaps the opposing star on the
other baseball team and everybody in the
world is like why would you possibly do
that he's like well because I want my
team to win because he took the conflict
too seriously I feel like that's sort of
what we've done with our politics a
little bit which is we now root for the
opposing teams the difference being
their actual consequences to which team
wins or losses and so you got the left
claiming at the end of the world is nigh
and the right claim in the end of the
world is nigh and then the minute that
somebody like Trump comes along and says
okay fine if the end of the world is
nigh let's treat this like the brawl
that it is then all of a sudden people
on both sides of the aisle they go whoa
wait up wait up a second wait up a
second we didn't really mean that stuff
and so cool if you didn't mean it then
why did you say it
I agree the end of the world is not nigh
I agreed that we're not at the end of
the country
I agree we're not on the verge of Civil
War I think there are serious divisions
about the future of the country but I
think that most Americans are not
engaged in those serious divisions I
think that's an intellectual
superstructure that really cares deeply
about those divisions I think most
Americans are just going about their
daily business making basic assumptions
about American life that that reflect
the essential founding values of the
country but I think there is this
intellectual upper class where they have
these battles and they know that it's
Kabuki theater and then in the backroom
they get a drink together but they don't
let anyone else in on the secret that
it's Kabuki theater in reality the
actual Kabuki theater should be them
getting along and they should be bashing
each other again I find all of this
really tiresome so what what politics
really does look like in the country the
way people feel right now is like Linda
Sarsour the way people feel in the
country is like Donald Trump they feel
like that they like the wrestling is
real that's what they feel like because
you know what when it comes to the
consequences the wrestling actually
Israel and the fact that our politicians
didn't take it as real for so long and
preyed upon that impression to create
enthusiasm for their mission while all
the time knowing that they were
just exaggerating the case that's what's
created everybody bought into their
vision everybody bought into the
wrestling is real meme and now the
wrestling is real once everybody
believes the wrestling is real then
they're gonna start brawling and that's
basically where we are right now
down to the point where everyone is now
become delusional the left is fully
delusional about these cabinet hearings
and when I say delusional there were two
stories that started making the rounds
yesterday both of which are completely
completely insane so Story number one is
there is a woman named Xena Bosch Xena
Bosch is a half Mexican
half Jewish White House staffer and she
is married to a US attorney I believe
and Xena Bosch was sitting behind Brett
Cavanaugh during these hearings and the
left began claiming that she was making
a white power symbol behind Brett
Kavanaugh I kid you not this thing
within a couple of hours this video of
Xena Bosch who is legitimately just
putting her hand on her arm they're
saying she's making a covert White Power
symbol for no reason just because that's
her sitting racism or something like
they've still not explained why exactly
even if she wired white supremacist
which she is not she's again a half
Mexican half Jewish person Y example
grandparents survived the Holocaust like
why exactly she would be making a white
power symbol behind Brett Kavanaugh is
beyond me but they claimed that she was
legitimately making a white power symbol
behind Brett Kavanaugh and there were a
thousand tweets about this right the
left began tweeting about this
incessantly major blue checkmark figures
on the left began tweeting about all of
this it's it's just insane the ACLU
tweeted out spread the word its hashtag
not okay
neo-nazis are using the okay hand
gesture in commutes to communicate a
hateful message when using the gesture
the fingers form letters wnp which stand
for white power do not use this hand
gesture it's not okay okay Barack Obama
has used this hand gesture you see what
I'm doing right now this is not a white
power symbol I've been using the hand
gesture for okay for my entire life
as have you as have your parents because
that's not a thing in fact the ADL
recognized this is not a thing the
anti-defamation league okay this is what
they this is what they wrote back in
September 2018 they updated it yesterday
has the simple thumb and forefinger okay
hand gesture become a common white
supremacist hand signal not quite but it
has become a popular gesture used by
people across several segments of the
right and far right including
actual white supremacist who generally
use it to trigger reactions or what they
would describe as trolling the libs
this is thanks to a 20-17 hoax campaign
started by members of the notorious
website 4chan that has since taken on a
life of its own
I'm gonna explain a little bit more
about this in just one second but first
let's talk about your use of stamps so
listen I know I know that you love the
post office but you probably don't want
to go down to the post office spend the
time in the car the whole deal instead
why don't you just do all of your
postage from your desk it's a lot easier
and stamps calm brings all the great
services of the post office directly to
your desk 24/7 when it's convenient for
you you can buy and print official US
postage for any letter any package using
your own computer and printer mail
carrier picks it up just click print
mail you're done couldn't be easier
stamps calmly use it here at the Daily
wire offices it's great it saves us all
sorts of time which for us means money
and right now when you use promo code
Shapiro you get up to 55 bucks a free
postage a digital scale and a four week
trial go to stamps calm before you do
anything else click on the radio
microphone at the top of the homepage
type in Shapiro that stamps comm again
promo code Shapiro stamps comm promo
code Shapiro stamp Stockholm is a great
way to ensure that you are saving all
the money you need to save and you don't
actually have to go out to the post
office just do it for me to ask stamps
comm use promo code Shapiro for the
special deal
so the ADL continues by saying this is
all thanks to a 27 hoaxes campaign
started by members of the notorious
website 4chan that has since taken on a
life of its own the 4chan site is an
anonymous discussion board with an
outsized cultural impact on the internet
it has been responsible for everything
from the I Can Has Cheezburger cat meme
to the concept of rickrolling there's
little chant there is little that four
channels like as much as a hoax and in
recent months they've served up a number
of faker ease with white supremacist
themes to to largely credulous online
audiences the okay hand gesture
originated is one of these hoaxes in
February 2017 when an anonymous 4chan er
announced to operation Oh KKK telling
other members we must flood Twitter and
other social media websites claiming the
OK hand sign is a symbol of white
supremacy the user even provided a
helpful graphic showing how the letters
white power could be traced within an
okay gesture I believe the way that it
works is you can see it here in the in
the ACLU meme supposedly it's like if
you go like this then this is a w-4 like
white and then I guess the power is like
that thing I
okay the whole thing is trolling the
whole thing is stupidity it's all reddit
making fun of you it's all fortune
making fun of you and the entire left
fell for it they said that Xena Bosch
was responsible for white supremacy
again a half Mexican half the Jews are
so clever that they activated a half
Mexican half Jewish person to unleash a
white power symbol to hit the media and
get Brett Kavanaugh nominated I guess
something like that but there are a
bunch of people on the Left who tweeted
this stuff out like a lot of them if
this became an actual thing on Twitter
Keith - Keith - Maya or dumbass is the
case maybe who is she what's up with the
white power sign at MSNBC it's got to
work in tweeted out it's the biggest
mistake I've ever made
real Donald Trump said after having to
condemn a fellow white supremacist after
