our speaker today is the editor-in-chief
in The Daily wire we all love him
obviously from the ben shapiro show the
top conservative podcasts in the nation
he was 17 when he became a syndicated
you know show host the youngest in
America's history he's the author of
seven books several of them have ended
up on the New York Times bestseller list
honestly he earned his BA in political
science at UCLA graduated from Harvard
Law alright and what I appreciate about
him is that we might not share the same
faith I mean he is a devout Jewish
friend and we are Christians but this
morning we talked so much about what we
have in common and so much about our
desire to see the sanctity of life be
protected in the life of a baby in a
womb we talked a lot about our beliefs
in wanting to see wanting to see this
place return and and he really is I
think a partner with us not just the
guest who's gonna find a lot in common
with us but a partner with us and in
ways that we're excited about unrolling
in the next few years to you but I know
you're excited I'm gonna get out of the
way come on let's put our hands together
for the one the only everybody
well thank you so much
[Applause]
it really is a pleasure and an honor to
be here today at Liberty University I'd
like to give a special thanks to Fred
Allen and young America's Foundation for
making this event possible
obviously sponsoring these sorts of
events makes it possible for me to bring
good news and good words to I think a
lot of folks around the country here I
think they need it less than maybe some
of the other places that I speak before
I begin I wanted to take just a moment
so we can silently pray together for
Alfie Evans if you don't know the story
of Alfie Evans Alfie Evans is a
two-year-old child in Britain who has a
degenerative brain condition and the
government of Britain is now declaring
that his parents cannot leave the
country without the evans to seek
experimental treatment he has to stay in
a hospital and die at the hand of the
state so before we go any further I'd
like to just take about five seconds
here ten seconds and just pray silently
fora for Alfie and his family who are I
think doing God's work and standing up
for the value of life thank you I
appreciate it
well I've long believed that the future
of our nation is inextricably
intertwined with the future of
judeo-christian value system and I know
of very few places in the United States
that are more valuable to that future
than right here at Liberty University
I'm just blown away by you guys
America was built on a fundamental idea
an idea that was the product of nearly
3,000 years of philosophical evolution
that idea planted at Sinai watered in
the Galilee pruned through the thought
of Athens and strengthened by the push
and pull of reason and revelation for
centuries was embedded by our founders
in the Declaration of Independence and
the Constitution of the United States
that principle is simple that human
beings are made in the image of God that
we are therefore beneficiaries of the
inalienable god-given rights that
government was created in order to
protect those rights not invade them and
that we must use our freedom to preserve
reach to pursue virtue God said to
Pharaoh let my people go so that they
may worship me hey the United States
echoed that message from it's very
inception George Washington stated in
his first inaugural address quote since
there exists in the economy and course
of nature an indissoluble union between
virtue and happiness between duty and
advantage the propitious smiles of
heaven can never be expected on a nation
that disregards the eternal Rules of
Order and right which heaven itself has
ordained the very basis of our politics
then lies in the recognition that rights
without virtues lead to chaos and that
virtues without Rights lead to tyranny
only by balancing public rights with
private virtues can we truly uphold
freedom and pursue happiness one half of
the equation though seems to have gone
awry in modern America we've been taught
that our rights are paramount which is
fine but we have also been taught that
we have no duty to be virtuous in fact
anyone who says that we have a duty to
be virtuous is harming you micro
aggressing you at most centrically
mansplaining to you in cisgender fashion
how can anyone expect us to be virtue
the argument goes when the system itself
is so deeply flawed how can we blame
people for being immoral when the system
is biased in favor of a few white rich
men at the top first we have to fix the
system then human beings themselves will
change virtue will become natural wall
just magically become wonderful great
people all we have to do to make this
magical thing happen is hand over all
our freedoms to a centralized government
and that government will then provide us
new rights you know better than the old
god-given ones instead of the rights of
free speech the government will provide
us a right not to be a
our feelings will be protected instead
of a right to life the government will
provide us the right to kill unborn
babies instead of a right to create and
keep the wages of our labor the
government will provide us a nice
comfortable social safety net without us
actually having to do the work then
after all that's done human beings will
magically become better will become good
if all this happens this is the
philosophy of collectivism the
philosophy that says that human beings
suffer because the judeo-christian
system expects too much of us
individually judeo-christian philosophy
expects us to struggle to strive
judeo-christian philosophy demands that
we do our best and that we act
virtuously on the individual level so we
can feel secure without invading each
other's rights the judeo-christian
tradition says that with freedom comes
responsibility collectivist philosophy
however thinks differently they expect
us to give our individual striving up no
more striving no more struggle all we
have to do is trade our individual
responsibility for the comfort of
collective power collectivist philosophy
points out that individual virtue isn't
natural it is a struggle and we can
avoid that struggle by handing over all
power to a nanny state
judeo-christianity says you're free and
therefore you must give collectivist
philosophy says your unfree and thus the
state must take on your behalf it's this
philosophy of collectivism against which
Moses and Jesus and George Washington
and Thomas Jefferson and James Madison
fought it is this philosophy that
Americans have fought and bled and died
to extend to more and more people over
time Abraham Lincoln saw black slaves as
human beings and hundreds of thousands
of Americans died to extend the American
covenant to them American soldiers left
their corpses on the beaches of Normandy
to extend that promise to subject
people's Martin Luther King jr. was
assassinated fighting to extend the
American promise to black Americans
Ronald Reagan spent his years fighting
to spread the light of Americanism
beyond the Berlin Wall and today
Americans liberate Muslims in the Middle
East from the heavy hand of collectivist
Islamism Americans protect South Koreans
and Taiwanese free people from the
burden of North Korean and Chinese
communism Americans stand ready to
thwart the threat of collectivist
tyranny across the globe but there is a
threat to founding philosophy growing
right here at home it's growing because
too many Americans believe that virtue
is less important than
to signaling hey too many Americans
believe that freedom is actually a
burden too many Americans believe that
they know what's best for other
Americans even when they personally
abandon virtue so the question becomes
how exactly do we go about restoring the
judeo-christian tradition upon which the
nation was built how exactly do we bring
back the philosophy of the founders and
restore their promise well to do that we
have to go back to basics we actually
have to talk about morality and politics
not just efficiency not just why our
ideas were but morality what is good and
what is bad what is right what is wrong
what is true and what is evil now
advocates for personal philosophy if our
founding philosophy you know these
personal freedoms individual
responsibility we make a pretty big
mistake when we talk about that
philosophy because we do spend a lot of
time talking about how effective it is
we point out that free markets have led
to the greatest reduction in poverty in
world history in 1981 40 4.3 percent of
the global population lived on less than
a buck 90 a day in 2015 the global
extreme poverty rate dipped below 10% we
on the right like to point out that a
philosophy of individualism has led to
massive increases in living standards
within the United States
and also around the world and we point
out the collectivist countries tend to
stagnate but we don't point to often two
underlying values see here's the thing
we have to acknowledge there is a draw
to collectivism there is a draw to
leftism the draw is pretty simple
collectivism promises solutions to
cosmic and Justices when collectivist
stands up here and invoke the least
specific I mean like here on this stage
and invoke the least specific verses of
the Bible to justify government
redistribution ISM and crackdowns on
religious practice because of fairness
they are making a moral appeal when
Bernie Sanders stands up here and tells
you that the top 1% of the 1% Oh 90
percent of all the wealth
when he says that America is not a just
society in line with a context-free
verse from a book he's never read by
Amos and then suggest that if you give
him more power he will rectify that
unfairness that is immoral appeal it is
not it is not an argument about
efficiency it's a bad moral appeal of
course inequality doesn't necessarily
mean unfairness but it is a moral appeal
and that moral appeal unfortunately for
as many people is effective it's
effective because it goes to our hearts
not to our heads it reminds us of
fundamental values even if it's skewing
those fundamental values conservatives
tend to talk about what works people on
the Left tend to talk about what's fair
but values are not a left-wing monopoly
in fact the fundamental values of
Western civilization run a hell of a lot
deeper than the shallow values of the
collectivists the values that resonate
most with human beings are eternal not
changeable and not relativistic they are
universal they are not groups specific
and most of all they apply to individual
human beings not group labels if those
values were first embedded clearly and
concisely in the ten commandments if we
return to those values will be a
virtuous citizen rate deserving of our
Liberty and if we turn away from those
values well then we'll return to the
horror of collectivism in tyranny so I'm
going to go through the ten commandments
and I want to explain what they say to
today's modern politics what they say to
us in the room and why the Ten
Commandments are so important and why
they are still the basis for our
outreach program on behalf of not only
our God but on behalf of a philosophy
that is the only remaining hope for
Western civilization so the first
commandment is the most controversial
and it's also the simplest I'm the LORD
thy God who brought you out of Egypt out
of the land of bondage now to start off
this is a bizarre commandment because it
doesn't actually command you to do
anything on its face but it does
implicitly command you to do something
remove yourself from the arbitrary
bondage of the state and place yourself
under a higher set of Commandments the
Bible tells us in Genesis that we are
each made in God's image and that means
we have the capacity to choose and the
obligation to choose right over wrong
and life over death responsibility
devolves on us personally because we're
servants of God not servants of the
state across three millennia Jews and
Christians alike have fought for the
common notion that our allegiance to God
outranks our allegiance to the state and
that
you use government to restrict my
communion with godly values I will
resist you in every way possible
today collectivists folks on the left
they tell us that the state can order
you to disobey God in your daily
dealings right they can order the
Christian Baker to cater the same-sex
wedding they can order the Jewish doctor
like my wife to perform abortions right
the first commandment says no you can't
and so does the first amendment which
guarantees freedom of religion for
precisely this reason and it's because
the founders understood the danger of
tyranny and the value of individual
freedom before God they instituted the
second amendment to they recognized that
we have a god-given right to defend
ourselves from tyranny and from terror
[Music]
the second commandment is also
particularly important in today's
society it says thou shalt have no other
gods before me this is particularly
relevant when it comes to the cults of
personality that seems to dominate our
politics we're told on all sides then we
have to trust the people at the top to
solve our problems a little bit of trust
goes a long way every time something
goes wrong in the United States we are
informed that if we just gave the
government more power our problems would
be solved like ancient pagans if we
sacrifice a bowl on top of a mountain
the Health and Human Services Department
will ensure nobody dies in cancer
this is stupid nonsense Bernie and
Elizabeth Warren worship at the altar of
fairness they proclaim the universe is
cosmically unjust if you just hand over
power to them all of that will be cured
God says nah God says we are not allowed
to trust in Princes and that means that
it is also our job to call out our
leaders when they stray to do otherwise
is to deify human beings it is not our
job to ignore the sins of our leaders by
determining that they are in fact King
David selected by God to fulfill his
will it is our job to be Nathan the
Prophet declaring wrongs when we see
them in service to God
[Music]
if our leaders sinned we are bound to
say why did you despise the word of the
Lord by doing what is evil in his eyes
and our leaders must repent to merit
God's love just as we must constantly
repent before him power doesn't exempt
sin and if it did our leaders would be
gods and we would be their subjects the
third commandment says that we must not
take God's name in vain
this doesn't merely mean that we
shouldn't shout God bleep it God can
handle a little potty mouth it does mean
that we can't twist God's words to
justify our own political agendas
[Music]
Christian's cannot justify abortion by
misquoting Matthew 7:12 and talking
about the golden rule if they do they
are putting their own words in God's
mouth we can't use we cannot use
Deuteronomy 16 20 to justify a
government cracking down on religious
people to promote same-sex marriage
while deliberately ignoring the words of
Leviticus okay and we cannot justify
forcible redistribution of wealth by
citing matthew on the least of these
while ignoring the words of leviticus 19
15 in which god enjoins us not to
pervert justice on behalf of the poor or
the wealthy selectively citing the bible
while ignoring all the inconvenient
parts that makes you a Bible abuser and
it makes you dishonest as well the
fourth commandment says then we must
remember the Sabbath and keep it holy
one of the weirdest elements of
collectivism is that it says we all owe
something to the collective and yet
weirdly collectivist seems to give a lot
less to charity New York Mayor Bill
DeBlasio routinely rips into the greedy
rich the guy gave a grand total of 350
bucks to charity last year on an
adjusted gross income of two hundred
twenty three thousand four hundred forty
nine dollars by the way he paid the guy
who for various taxes five hundred bucks
when you see income as the state's
responsibility rather than a gift from
God it alleviates the responsibility of
actually having to pass that gift on to
those who are less fortunate
instead you can demand that the
government play God and grab other
people's cash the commandment to honor
the Sabbath also reminds us that our
time doesn't actually belong to the
state it belongs to us every seven days
we say no more tyrannies say that our
labor is not our own we owe it to the
collective our time is in her own our
income isn't our own our labor isn't our
own work harder because the state is
your Creator remember that our time is a
gift from God
that's the first step toward fighting
tyranny the fifth commandment says that
we have to honor our parents obviously
this calls a lot of folks on the left
really galls them see collectivists see
the state as the source of our morals
and our families obstacles standing
between individuals and their master
that's exactly what's happening with
Alfie Evans where bureaucrats are
standing between parents and their child
saying that they know best that a child
has to die because they know better than
the parents do collectivist they there's
a reason that
Karl Marx abhorred the traditional
family hey let's just say that he sought
as a capitalist institution based on
capital and on private gain he openly
called for abolition of the family
there's a reason Stalin trained Soviet
youth to become pioneers that's what he
called them emissaries of the state
we're told that the highest good
involves ratting out your own family
members at 1 1932 Soviet trial a father
actually cried out to his son it's me
your father and the son replied yes he
used to be my father but I no longer
consider him my father I'm not acting as
a son but as a pioneer Stalin used to go
around
Soviet Russia talking about this story
and using it as an example of good
behavior
hey breaking down the family is a
precondition to building up the state
and furthermore respecting your parents
means you actually have to respect their
belief systems you know the ones that
have been passed down generation after
generation the ones that your
grandparents spill blood for GK
Chesterton wrote in 1929 the more modern
type of reformer goes gaily up to a
fence and says I don't see the use of
this let us clear it away the more
religious type of reformer would do well
to answer quote if you don't see the use
of it I certainly won't let you clear it
away go away and think then when you can
tell me come back and tell me that you
do see the use of it then I may allow
you to destroy it the founders
understood the value of the past the
authors of the French Revolution didn't
this is why Edmund Burke condemned the
