well there's a new bombshell report out
today from the former head of the DNC
tearing the DNC apart we'll talk about
it plus the Republican tax bill and
President Trump goes after immigration
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show all righty so this donna Brazile
report in Politico is pretty astonishing
for a number of reasons I'm gonna go
through them and it just demonstrates
how in the tank the media war for the
Democratic Party it's a little of this
came out over the past couple of years
during the center of the election cycle
it does demonstrate also how in the tank
the DNC was for Hillary Clinton and how
Bernie Sanders really got jobs and
furthermore it demonstrates why Bernie
Sanders is the future of the party but
I'll explain all of that in just one
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club
so you've heard me talk about using
Dollar Shave Club products I've used
everything from their body cleanser and
their hair gel to their razors under the
chin and it is just fantastic stuff
Dollar Shave Club makes products for
your hair face skin shower everything
you need it's all their own original
stuff and they use only the finest
premium ingredients they deliver it
directly to you just like they do their
razors so no longer do you have to make
these annoying trips to the store trying
to figure out what all of these things
do now Dollar Shave Club provides you
pretty much everything that you need
razors body cleanser hair gel and yes
even their fabled butt wipes now is a
great time to give Dollar Shave Club a
try you can get your first month of
their best razor along with travel sized
versions of shaved butter body cleanser
and yes those magnificent butt wipes for
just $5 after that replacement card for
just shipped for just a few bucks a
month it is the DSC starter set get
yours for just five dollars exclusively
at dollarshaveclub.com slash pen that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash been best
shave you'll ever have plus all of their
other materials are just as good
dollarshaveclub.com slash been and
that's what you and with that you get $5
there there's their starter set for just
$5 which includes all of their the first
month of their razor along with the
travel sized versions of all that other
awesome products so go check it out
right now dollarshaveclub.com slash then
okay so we begin with this bombshell
report from Donna Brazile so you
remember Donna Brazile Donna Brazile was
a CNN commentator former part of the Al
Gore campaign in 2000 and she was made
interim head of the Democratic National
Committee
after Debbie wasserman-schultz was
basically ousted for handing the DNC
over to Hillary Clinton and using it as
a weapon against Bernie Sanders and
Donald L had already at that point I
believe been leaking questions to
Hillary Clinton to bake questions to
Hillary Clinton from the CNN desk before
the debate she was actually let out of
her CNN contractors who's essentially
fired as is if I recall and she is now
coming out trying to explain that she is
not at fault right she is fine it's just
the DNC that was a wreck and what she
has to say about the Democratic National
Committee really does demonstrate that
the sort of division that I was talking
about I've been talking about for a year
now on this show the the tripartite
division inside the DNC the division
between Hillary followers Obama
followers and Bernie followers is very
real and that Bernie is actually winning
this battle so here are some of the
revelations from Zhanna Brazil's piece
at Politico this is from her new book
that is that is coming out shortly
first of all Brazil is obviously trying
to shield herself she's obviously doing
me I'm shocked shocked to find there's
gambling going on here routine she
portrays herself as Hercule Poirot you
know as encyclopedia brown entering the
situation and trying to determine where
the malfeasance has been at the TNC like
she didn't know she she talks in this
article about it's a week before the
election and she's been sussing out how
Bernie Sanders got screwed and she is
just so devastated by it she says that I
love this just before I called Bernie
Sanders I lit a candle in my living room
and put on some gospel music I wanted to
censor myself for what I knew would be
an emotional phone call I mean really if
you're gonna write a movie about
yourself try not to make it so cliche
Donna really that you put on candles you
lit candles and put on gospel music
really oh come on yeah I guess if she'd
been the villain she would have put on
Beethoven right that's the way that all
the bad movies work in any case this is
the same lady because I say leads to
bait questions to Hillary now claiming
that she was trying to just bring
honesty to the Democratic National
Committee Debbie wasserman-schultz her
predecessor was a disaster who turned
the entire party over to Hillary
according to Brazil she says my
predecessor Florida representative
debbie Wasserman Schultz had not been
the most active chair and fundraising at
a time when Barack Obama's neglect had
left the party in significant debt as
Hillary's campaign gained momentum she
resolved the party's debt and put down a
starvation diet it had become dependent
on
campaign for survival for which she
expected to wield controls of its
operations so according to Brazil
basically what happened is that the
Democratic Party had run up on hard
times
Obama had cleaned the place out and
Debbie wasserman-schultz didn't want to
do the fundraising so instead she went
to Hillary and said you do all the
fundraising you fill back in that hole
you you back fill that gap in our
funding and I'll let you run the DNC
basically this is according to Donna
Donna Brazile all the Bernie people who
are complaining that the thing was
rigged all up from statements that it
was rigged against Bernie all of that
was true third point here Obama cleaned
out the party so for all of the talk
about how Barack Obama was the great
savior of the Democratic Party they the
new FDR the man who had revitalized the
Democratic Party not only sin Obama
devastate the Democratic Party down
ballot losing over a thousand state
seats and legislators across the country
losing 13 gubernatorial seat moving 12
Senate seats not only did he do all of
those things he also cleaned them out
financially Brazil says that by the time
she took over the DNC the Democratic
Party was broke and two million dollars
in debt this is in the middle of an
election cycle where Hillary is raising
poodles and gobs of cash according to
Brazil Obama after - after 2012 left the
party 24 million dollars in debt 24
million dollars in debt okay Barack
Obama that great that great beacon of
light for the Democratic Party
he basically bankrupted the party and
his campaign said they wouldn't pay it
off until 2016 so what did they do
Wasserman Schultz had grown the staff
right she actually grew the staff she
didn't cut and put the party on a
starvation diet she grew the staff and
allowed the DNC to pick up the check for
Obama consultants so Obama had already
run the party into the ground but the
DNC was continuing to pay using the
credit card for all of Obama's
consultants which is pretty amazing
so what happened they turned it over to
Hillary and Hillary was supposed to come
in and fill in the gap so Hillary used
that debt to pick up power Gary Gensler
who's the the chief financial officer of
the Hillary campaign
apparently quote described the party as
fully under the control of Hillary's
campaign which seems to confirm the
suspicions of the Bernie camp the
campaign had the DNC on life support
giving him money every month to meet his
basic expenses while the campaign was
using the party as a fundraising
clearinghouse and here's where you get
into some dicey territory Hillary
Clinton was apparently using the DNC
almost almost to launder mine
I mean not not in a strict legal sense
but in a sort of colloquial sense she's
basically using the DNC to launder money
here is here's what Brazil explained is
less than 1/2 of 1% of all the money
that Hilary raised for the DNC actually
went to the state parties instead it
I'll roll right back into campaigning
for Hillary Brazil says when the
political story described this
arrangement is court essentially money
laundering for the Clinton campaign
Hillary's people were outraged at being
accused of doing something shady
Bernie's people were angry for their own
reasons saying this was part of a
calculated strategy to throw the
nomination to Hillary which of course it
was all the money was coming into the
DNC vzv Hillary and it wasn't being used
for Democratic Party operations it was
being used to campaign for Hillary
Rodham Clinton personally so they let
Hillary have run to the shop and she
immediately corrupted the DNC in the
same way that she corrupted the State
Department in the same way the Clinton
Foundation was corrupt all of which
leads to the sixth point here Bernie got
completely jobbed
okay Bernie got completely jobs if the
DNC had not hands in all of its
operations over to Hillary to the point
where Hillary for America was basically
running the DNC from Brooklyn from her
Brooklyn offices every press release
from the DNC apparently had to be vetted
through Hillary's office if that had not
been happening
Bernie probably wins the nomination or
at the very least it's an
extraordinarily close race even closer
than it ended up being Brazil basically
admits that Hillary was in charge of the
DNC from August to 2015
August 2015 the first primaries didn't
put take place until January 2016 so
before Bernie was even seriously running
the party had been turned over to
Hillary Clinton a candidate for the
nomination which is insane Brazil says
quote the funding arrangement with HFA's
Hillary for America and the victory fund
agreement was not illegal but it sure
looked unethical if the fight had been
fair one campaign would not have control
of the party before the voters had
decided which one they wanted to leave
and all this leads to the final point
here it is very obvious that Bernie
Sanders lost the battle in 2016 but he
absolutely won the war
if Bernie and won the nomination maybe
he doesn't beat Trump right maybe he's
just a crazy old loon bag Socialist from
Vermont who couldn't defeat Donald Trump
and Hillary is sitting somewhere crying
into her beer and we get Hillary running
again in 2020 but Bernie Sanders didn't
win the nomination and now the
widespread perception apparently correct
is that Bernie Sanders was cheated out
of the nomination by the Democratic
Party establishment and so Bernie can
now run as the anti-establishment
outsider again in 2020 and as the loyal
soldier because according to Brazil she
went to Bernie with all of this one week
prior to the election Bernie didn't say
I want to blow this up I'm gonna go
public with this instead Bernie
swallowed hard and he said I'm gonna
campaign for Hillary against Trump
if Bernie runs for the nomination in
2020 he will win the nomination in 2020
and he may win the presidency which is
very scary for the country very
frightening for the country okay but
Bernie Sanders is now where the power
lies in the Democratic Party and Brazil
is making that clear Donna Brazile is a
political animal Donna Brazile is a
political survivor and what she is doing
here is she's basically tossing Hillary
Clinton to the wolves so that she can
get in good with the Bernie Sanders
folks who she feels her the next wave in
the Democratic Party and you can see
this right all of the major Democratic
players in 2020 are already endorsing
Medicare for all they're already moving
along Bernie Sanders lines trying to
outflank Bernie Sanders good luck with
that
their only hope is that Bernie stays out
of the primaries in 2020 and then
endorses someone that is their only hope
if Bernie runs in 2020
he will win the Democratic nomination
he'll defeat Joe Biden he will defeat
Kamala Harris for sure Bernie Sanders
will have the power of revenge behind
him plus Bernie Sanders has a better
feel for what voters want to hear in
some of the swing states that Hillary
lost than Hillary Clinton said there's a
significant possibility that Bernie
Sanders is president in 2020 because of
Hillary Clinton okay that's not scary to
you and you haven't been following
Bernie Sanders career in any significant
way so that's the news out of out of
democratic land where they've torn each
other apart Bernie Sanders devastate her
knee Sanders owns the party because
Hillary Clinton corrupted the party and
Barack Obama bankrupted the party and
Bernie Sanders is the only solution
pretty amazing stuff pretty amazing
switch from a guy who was at the fringe
or the Democratic Party basically now
being the center of gravity inside of it
well I want to talk a little bit about
the new tax proposal that Republicans
just put out I think it's quite good but
it's quite bad for people like me I'll
explain why that is in just a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
friends over at policy genius so life
insurance is something that you should
have if you're an adult I have life
insurance and myself our company has
life insurance on me so if the show
starts to tank and I'm found dead you'll
know who to blame but in any case life
insurance is something that if you are
an adult with a family you should
absolutely have it if you have kids you
owe it to yourself and your family to
have a life insurance policy most people
do not have a good life insurance policy
but policy genius lets you compare life
insurance from the top providers online
it takes as little as five minutes or if
you're busy one minute per day for five
days if you find a policy you like and
you want to know more you can talk to
one of their licensed experts but if
you're just browsing you don't have to
talk to anybody and you just browse away
they don't just do life insurance and
get disability insurance renter's
insurance pet insurance and you can
compare health insurance as well policy
genius makes the business of insurance
and obtaining it incredibly easy and a
lot better than sort of the
non-transparent system that people have
been using before you know they're all
these other sites that compare travel
prices but there's nothing like this for
insurance except for policy genius this
is where policy genius comes in make
sure that you are getting the right
price for the right policy if you need
life insurance but you've been putting
it off
try it it's quick it's easy and it's
something you owe to yourself policy
genius comm you should only be forced to
speak to an agent if you've committed a
federal crime so there's no reason why I
should have to talk to a life insurance
agent but what you should do undoubtedly
is is you should talk you should go and
check out their their varying price
points and see what works best for you
okay so back to the Republican tax plan
here so the Republicans have now
released their tax plan and it's got
some good stuff and it's got some bad
stuff basically if you're in California
no no and you own a home you're screwed
this is basically how this works if
you're anywhere else in the country this
plan is probably quite good for you but
if you are in California
you just get jobs by this plan if you're
in the upper tax bracket so for people
like me I'm in top tax bracket in
California that means I am just going to
get nailed I would vote for this tax
plan anyway because I think the tax plan
is quite good so here's what the tax
plan does it lowers the corporate tax
rate from thirty five percent to twenty
percent this is a good thing it also
lowers the the pass-through tax rate on
what they call S corporations from close
to 40 percent down to 25 percent which
is also a good thing because our
corporate tax rates are the highest in
the industrialized world they are higher
than France they're higher than Japan
they are higher than the UK they are
higher than Germany bring it down to 20%
would put us right in the middle of the
pack that is a good thing it also
narrows the tax brackets right now there
are seven tax brackets this would get
rid of four of them it would bring it
down to or it would get rid of three of
them rather bring it down to four tax
brackets as opposed to as opposed to
seven
it would actually negatively impact
people who are making over $400,000 a
year if you were making over $400,000 a
year than you are paying 39.6% in the
your pay sorry if you're paying no
matter what you're paying 40 percent tax
bracket if you're making about four
hundred twenty thousand dollars a year
this new program would lift that cap to
five hundred thousand dollars a year but
it would also make it that if you're
making more than four hundred thousand
dollars a year you're paying a 33
percent you're paying a 35 percent tax
as opposed to a 33 percent tax so raises
taxes slightly for people in that tax
bracket but then increases the next
station on the on the belt so if you are
if you're making precisely five hundred
thousand dollars this is not necessarily
a good deal for you if you're making
more than five hundred thousand dollars
then the deal is probably fine for you
you don't really lose much through it if
you are making below two hundred
thousand dollars a year your taxes go
down no matter what tax bracket you're
in if you make under thirty seven
thousand dollars a year your tax bracket
goes down from 15 to 12 if you are
making under two hundred thousand
dollars a year your tax bracket goes
down from 28 to 25 the capital gains and
dividend tax rates stay exactly the same
the estate tax is basically chopped in
half so if you are right now you pay the
estate tax I think is evil this idea the
government gets to raid your your coffin
for cash you die the government
immediately runs into your safe and just
takes out the money you've already paid
taxes on pretty terrible but well right
now what this plan would do is to take
the estate tax which is 40% on estates
above five point five million and
doubles it so that the estate tax only
applies on the state's above eleven
point two million and then in 2024 it
just is eliminated completely it just
goes away completely to no more estate
tax which of course is the proper
solution considering that anybody who
knows what they're doing with taxes
simply signs the living will and then
they don't have to pay it in estate tax
anyway right a living will just allows
you to essentially transfer your assets
over before your death to your children
so that way they're not inheriting from
you it's only inheritance that that gets
screwed here the g-o-p tax plan does
repeal the deduction for state and local
income and sales taxes this is why I say
if you're in California you're screwed
okay now I don't think this is a bad
