the White House Correspondents Dinner
goes off the rails joy Reid apologizes
sort of and Kanye meets with Candice
Owen charlie Kirk and issues a new rap
about Trump Wow lot going on I'm Ben
Shapiro this is Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
see the thing about reality TV is that
you always thought that reality TV was a
distillation of reality that it was
taking a reality and then distilling it
well it turns out instead that you're
actually living inside a giant reality
TV show that there is actually a
producer in the sky and he's created a
reality TV show you're a character and
you don't even know it because that's
the only way to explain what the hell is
going yeah no with everything we're
gonna get to all of this all of the news
because there's a lot of news and all of
it is intensely stupid we'll get to all
of it in just a second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at my
Patriot supply so earlier this month the
agency director over at FEMA said FEMA
is not a first responder which is true
you are the first responder in case of
emergency if there's some sort of
natural disaster or man-made disaster
the real question is are you prepared
because you are your own first line of
defense well this is the week to stock
up on emergency food get the Ben Shapiro
special offer from my Patriot supply
right now you can get one for weak
emergency food kit for only 198 bucks
and you get one free so you buy one you
get one free and if you purchase one
right now my Patriot supply will send
you an additional four week food kit for
free call eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 or order online and prepare
with been calm all of the food lasts and
storage for 25 years tastes like home
cooking according to the folks who work
here at the office and again once you
buy it it's in your closet you don't
have to worry about it until something
terrible happens then you say oh I'm
sure glad that I prepared with that so
go check it out right now prepare with
Ben's comm 8 8 8 8 o 3 14 13 8 8 8 8 o 3
14 13 or prepare with Ben comm make sure
that you're not the one caught with your
pants down if God forbid something
terrible is to happen in the world make
sure that you have taken care of your
family pretty easy deal one four week
emergency food kit for 198 bucks and you
get one for free prepare with Ben comm
lets them know that we sent you as well
okay so the big story over the weekend
was of course the White House
Correspondents Dinner I hate the White
House Correspondents Dinner I think it's
stupid I think that it is
self-aggrandizing every year I complain
about it there's been four probably 10
years running I say that it's just
ridiculous to have all of these
journalists sitting there in tuxes
feeding each other and talking about how
wonderful they are and then patting each
other on the back and have this roast
there's one event every year that is
made to order to make Americans feel as
though they are out of the loop and
scorned by the media elite it is the
White House Correspondents Dinner
we were actually invited to a White
House Correspondents Dinner
I did not go I really am not
particularly interested in going it
doesn't look like a very fun event to be
at honestly it's just a place for for
people to hobnob with each other when
they talk about Washington DC cocktail
parties this is exactly the sort of
thing they are talking about well
everything was going sort of as planned
as per the usual arrangement the White
House Correspondents Dinner a bunch of
rich people famous people patting each
other on the back and talking about
wonderful they are and making some sort
of light jokes about one another and
then Michelle wolf got up now I don't
know I'd never heard of this person
Michelle wolf and you guys heard of
Michelle wolf before this I've never
heard of Michelle wolf before this I
just figured to choose some sort of
Debbie wasserman-schultz impersonator I
had no clue who she was and she gets
apparently it turns out that she's a
writer for Comedy Central which
demonstrates presumably why Trevor Noah
is deeply unfunny
I guess this explains a lot of things
that explains Trevor Noah explains
Samantha bees prior history I don't know
if she wrote for either of those shows
but if not then she does a lot of
compete reott or just as unfunny as she
is so Michelle wolf gets up when she was
a 19 minute monologue and we're not
gonna play for you this 90-minute
monologue because I watched it and it
probably took four years off my life
just in terms of sheer boredom and I was
just watching it and I could feel my
hair turning gray I it was like the end
of Indiana Jones and and the Holy Grail
is like that is like I drunk from the
wrong cup by the end of the amount of
monologue I'd added several gray hairs
and several wrinkles to my forehead but
Michelle wolf did this monologue and
it's been much ballyhooed people on the
left many of them defending it some
people on the left not defending it
people on the right of course very very
upset about I want to talk about this
because I want to talk about the value
of humor in Trump era America I don't
talk about the media's response to all
of this as a precursor let it be noted
no one made a joke about Obama for eight
years at the White House Correspondents
Dinner it was forbidden you're allowed
to make jokes about Paul Ryan about
Mitch McConnell about Mitt Romney about
John McCain you're allowed to make jokes
about a bunch of foreign leaders you
were not allowed to make jokes that were
serious about Barack Obama and this is
why Seth Meyers and Cru we're making it
was great I mean if you're a Republican
president you could be attacked when you
order the president like bush or you
could be attacked when you were not the
president like Bush when Obama was
president so the White House
Correspondents Dinner has always become
a roast of the right which of course has
justified the right ones hatred of the
media one of the great lies the media
have put out over the past several years
is that President Trump is the one who
jinda
all of this dislike of the media that's
utter nonsense as I said at CPAC we
hated you guys before we thought you
guys sucked we thought that you were bad
at your job we thought that you were not
objective and you were pretending to be
objective we thought that you were
wildly left-wing so it's not a shock
really that michelle wolf was up there
ripping into president Trump but it was
the level of vitriol that she used it
was the it was the crazy level of
betrayal that she used that that got
people really upset particularly her rip
I'm Sarah Huckabee Sanders so Trump
declines to go but a bunch of members of
the White House were there so Kellyanne
Conway went I don't know why if you're
Kellyanne Conway you would go
Sarah Huckabee Sanders went I don't know
why if you're Sarah Huckabee Sanders you
would go you know you're gonna go there
you know you're gonna get roasted and
Michele will certainly roasted Sarah
Huckabee Sanders again in in quite
unfunny fashion and you know there are a
lot of folks out there you say that I
have an annoying voice folks you have
not heard annoying until you've heard
this voice oh here's Michelle wolf going
off on Sarah Huckabee Sanders I have to
say I'm a little star-struck I love you
as aunt Lydia and The Handmaid's Tale
my pants if you haven't seen it you
would love it
I actually really like Sarah I think
she's very resourceful like she burns
facts and then she uses that Ash to
create a perfect smoky eye like maybe
she's born with it maybe it's lies and
I'm never really sure what to call Sarah
Huckabee Sanders you know is it Sarah
Sanders is it Sarah Huckabee Sanders is
it cousin Huckabee is it auntie Huckabee
Sanders like what's Uncle Tom but for
white women who disappoint other white
women Coulter okay so number one it was
any of that funny like if you're on the
Left you find that funny maybe we just
have wildly different senses of humor
but I didn't find any of that funny like
I will laugh if there's a good anti
Trump joke because a good joke is a good
joke but that's not a good joke now a
lot of people were getting on wolf for
supposedly ripping on Huckabee Sanders
his looks I'm not hearing her rip on
Huckabee Sanders his looks right there
actually I didn't actually hear the
evidence that she's ripping on Sarah
Huckabee Sanders has looked she makes a
reference about smoky eye she makes a
reference about aunt Lydia from The
Handmaid's Tale which I believe is more
of a rip on Huckabee Sanders his
character I mean this is where we become
an American side you're allowed to say
that a woman wants other women to be
raped for purposes of impregnation which
is the which is actually the the role of
aunt Lydia in The Handmaid's Tale in The
Handmaid's Tale that Lydia his woman who
oversees all of the women who are raped
forcibly you know forcibly consummated
by men and then are forced to bear their
children and so that seems to me that
would be more of an insult than that
she's ugly but that's not but people
didn't take it that way you're not
allowed to attack Sarah Huckabee Sanders
on these grounds because presumably
there was some sort of covert joke there
about aunt Lydia being played by a not
very attractive woman in the series and
Sarah Huckabee Sanders looks like that
woman again I'm not hearing the the
evidence that Sarah Huckabee Sanders was
ripped on account of her looks I am
hearing a lot of very mean and stupid
jokes about Sarah Huckabee Sanders but
I'm not sure that it's that much wildly
beyond the pale of anything else Michele
Wolf said like for example I think her
rip on Mike Pence was just as bad as her
rip on Sarah Huckabee Sanders here's
what she said about my pens a lot of
people want Trump to be in
I do not because just when you think
Trump is awful you remember Mike Bettes
my fence is what happens when Anderson
Cooper isn't gay
my kind of guy that brushes his teeth
and then drinks orange juice and thinks
mmm
I don't even know what that means about
the orange juice and the toothbrushing
like well does he have no taste buds
what exactly is the idea there
in any case again making The Handmaid's
Tale reference about my pen sheets you'd
do that several times throughout the
evening and it's just you know again I
think bad comedy I don't think this is
wildly egregious here's what I do think
was wildly egregious so here is the
point where she is demonstrative what
the left thinks are you can hear the
entire crowd laughing at all of this
laughing along my pence is just terrible
Sarah Huckabee Sanders burns bags
ahahahahahaha and everybody in the
audience who's laughing understand that
you just undermined your credibility for
the next ten years with the entire
right-wing audience you guys are trying
to prove that Trump hates the media
because he's disrespectful of the truth
well you guys are disrespectful of a
very basic truth you are biased you are
left-wing you think these jokes are
funny you have to be left-wing you think
these jokes are funny or brain-damaged
those are the only two possibilities
because the jokes are not funny number
one and number two they're all very much
left-wing jokes and it'll be funny
because you'll hear at the end Michelle
wolf makes a couple of jokes actually
lectures and members of the media and
they do not take it well but here's the
here's the joke that got a laugh from
some members of the media that just
demonstrates full scale where the
media's heads are at the level of bias
in the media it's pretty astonishing
this is the one that should have shook
the room all right this is the joke that
people should have enough said about not
the stuff about Sarah Huckabee Sanders
look I understand we live in the me2
moment and we're supposed to have female
solidarity and if there's any sort of
implication then we'll miss it is
attacking another woman but that's
really terrible and all of this here's
the joke that I was offended by okay
because it turns out I like babies okay
I think babies are good here's the joke
that I was offended by here's Michelle
wolf
I'm telling an abortion joke I guess
that's what this says and it does
demonstrate anything full-scale what
folks on the Left think about abortion
which is pretty unfortunate my friends
is also very anti choice he thinks
abortion is murder which first of all
don't knock it till you try it
and when you do try it really knock it
you know you got to get that baby out of
it
and yeah sure you can groan all you won
I know a lot of you are very
anti-abortion you know unless it's the
one you got for your secret mistress
waiver ha ha ha ha and look at the look
at the expressions the media they're all
the smiles
oh the Oh isn't she charming oh so she
basically it's a baby it's not murder
but it's a baby you should really hit it
hard till it comes out of there and I'll
say y'all bought abortions to your
mistresses so now it's more all huh ha
ha ha ha ha ok the disrespect for human
life there I think is a lot more deeply
troubling from the left and the
disrespect for Sarah Huckabee Sanders
again so I think Sarah Huckabee Sanders
has a right to be mad yeah I mean this
wasn't a roast right if he were roast
Sarah Huckabee Sanders would get to get
up there and respond but Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is sitting there and I think
solidly taking it and and Kellyanne
Conway doing the same thing but that
joke is the one that I think is really
amazing and again you have to be not
only on the left but I think relatively
inhuman to think that that is a funny
joke I don't knock abortion until you
try it and if you do try it really knock
it cuz you got to get that baby out of
there Wow justjust hilarious hilarious
stuff now
there was one joke that did fall flat
for Michelle wolf among the people in
the audience and that was her rip on the
media so in just a second I'm gonna play
that for you because this actually was
the one point in her in her little
monologue that I thought was worthwhile
and then we'll get to all the reactions
to this and the demonstration at the
media and all of their quote-unquote
unbiased glory or anything anything but
unbiased but first I want to say thanks
to our sponsor is over at 1-800 flowers
so it's hard for you to find a bigger
fan of you than your mom well throughout
all of your life she's been supporting
well now you can actually do something
nice for her because Mother's Day is
coming up and this Mother's Day you can
show her how much you appreciate her
dedication with 1-800 flowers calm right
now when you get ahead of the Mother's
Day rush 1-800 flowers is giving you an
exclusive 24 424 offer 24 multicolored
roses for 24 bucks only a dollar per
rose it's such a good deal then when I
was on the road last week I actually
bought my wife I was gone for two days I
bought her two of these bouquet of
bouquets one for each day because
they're just beautiful with a bright and
beautiful mix of premium roses and
rainbow of colors the blooms are
guaranteed to show your mom or your wife
or any other lady in your life just
tells me how much she is loved
multi-coloured roses are a perfect way
to surprise all of the moms in your life
so check that out 24 multi colored roses
for only 24 bucks it's an amazing offer
but you have to hurry because that offer
does expire
on Thursday so pick your delivery date
1-800 flowers handles all of the rest
and by the way if something goes wrong
in transit they fix it for you it's
really fantastic 1-800 flowers calm and
again to order 24 stunning multicolored
roses for only 24 bucks go to 1-800
flowers calm Shapiro's use that / up
here for the special deal that's 1-800
flowers calm / Shapiro's use that / up
here you get a special deal and again
and let's know we sent you 1-800 flowers
calm / Schapiro okay so finally Michelle
wolf tells a joke that the media don't
like so the media like the jokes about
Sarah Huckabee Sanders they liked a
bunch of jokes about Mike Pence they
liked she did a really ridiculous
routine where she just talked about how
Trump is not all that wealthy which i
think is probably true I don't think
Trump is as wealthy as he says he is but
she actually started telling a series of
joke saying Donald Trump isn't as well
see who wealthy as he thinks he is he's
so poor that and then he should have the
audience say how poor is he and then
should give a giving a little joke at
the end in any case here is the only
thing the media did not laugh at her rip
at the media which is the only true
thing she said the entire night so
here's Michelle wolf again at the White
House Correspondents Dinner welcome guys
it's great to have you you guys love
breaking news and you did it
you broke it Fox News is here so you
know what that means ladies some of your
drinks seriously okay but then she went
on to rip into the media she suggested
that the media had made a bunch of money
off of Trump and that they promoted him
for their own pocketbook which I think
it's certainly true Jeff Zucker has
essentially said as much les Moonves at
CBS said as much it's not a great shot
okay so after all of this happened
people started to go nuts oh the White
House got very upset and Michelle wolf
they said how can Michelle wolf say all
of these things so let it be known
number one michelle wolf is a comedian
she can say any of these things should
the White House Correspondents Dinner
have had her no it obviously did not fit
with the tenor of the actual dinner it
did not do what they wanted it to do it
did not forward their agenda in any real
way in fact it's pretty
counterproductive to their agenda so the
real blame here I don't think even lies
with Michelle wolf who is I will admit I
think a really galling piece of work but
if the White House Correspondents Dinner
that decided to have her so it's on the
journalists who organized this thing not
on Michelle wolf Michelle wolf was just
being Michelle wolf
the White House Correspondents Dinner
they're the people who invited her well
White House officials were slamming
Michelle wolf they said that she was
incredibly disrespectful again I think
she was gross I think she was
disrespectful I think that there is
something weird about the White House
complaining about people being gross in
disrespectful and President Trump spent
the entire 2016 campaign ripping into
every one of his opponents as ugly and
stupid but in any case here is that
Henry talking about it what happened to
Sarah Sanders last night was disgusting
and I say that as a former president of
the White House Correspondents
Association buy the briefing tomorrow I
hope that the White House Correspondents
Association which I am a card-carrying
paid member of still you guys should put
out at least a statement an apology to
sarah sanders who you work with
professionally to go after her physical
