there's a lot in the news today and we
are not going to talk about any of it
because who cares it's something about a
memo lying Democrat same story different
day instead we will analyze feminism
right down to its cold frigid bra
burning core with PJ Media columnist and
Disney Princess enthusiast faith more
one question which is the greater
fiction snow white or feminism then the
mailbag I'm Michael Knowles and this is
the Michael Noel's show
[Music]
I am so excited to get to this today we
actually we dug deep into the daily wire
archives we found some incredible
historical footage of what women were
like before feminism and and then also
obviously what women are like after
feminism we have to talk about all of it
we have a wonderful thinker and writer
on the show today before we get to any
event that we have to talk about shaving
we have to this is something you know
maybe I'll read a book or I'll think
about some important idea it once a week
once every seven weeks something like
that but I shave every single day so
you've heard me talk of the amazing
shave I get from my Dollar Shave Club
razor especially when I use it with
there dr. Carver's shaved butter well I
am here to tell you that I'm never
giving up my membership in fact I'm
adding even more DSC products to my
daily routine Dollar Shave Club makes
products for your hair face skin shower
everything you need it is the best razor
I've ever used and I actually buy nice
razors this is so good they have me
looking and feeling great it's all of
their own original stuff they use only
the finest premium ingredients and they
deliver it to you so it's just like with
all of the the razors they started out
with razors and instead of having to go
to the pharmacy and up and down the
aisle and then you know you go into that
aisle that men aren't supposed to go
into and you feel very weird and creepy
and you look around no one saw I mean
you don't forget about any of that stuff
you can get be like a normal person in
the 21st century and you can order this
online you'll come right to your door
it's very inexpensive there are no more
annoying trips to the store I use Dollar
Shave Club for almost everything razors
body cleanser hair gels they even have
this new product which guys so in Europe
you know Europeans are they're very
interested in being clean everywhere not
just like we rugged Americans who are
clean most places so they have an
invention called a bidet and it allows
you to clean where the Sun don't shine
well in America if you don't want to
have a giant bidet installed in your
house that's a very expensive sort of
thing you probably have to go to the
store for that and pick it out you can
just use wipes for your derriere that
come to you from Dollar Shave Club
they're very effective so I'm told now
it is a great time to give Dollar Shave
Club
try you can get your first month of
their best razor and it's a really
really good razor along with travel
sized versions of shave butter body
cleanser and yes even that derriere
cleaner for just $5 this is basically
free if you have ever bought an even
sort of nice razor if you even bought a
bag of those terrible little disposable
ones it's more than $5 so just get this
it's basically free after that
replacement cartridges ship for just a
few bucks a month
it is the DSC starter kit get yours for
just $5 exclusively at
dollarshaveclub.com slash cough fa co v
fe fe that is dollarshaveclub.com slash
cough fa what is it Marshall Dollar
Shave Club comm slash cough FA okay
excellent now we talk about history a
lot on the show you know that so
consider this a mini this day in history
segment because the archivists at the
daily wire have dug up incredible
footage showing what women used to look
like before
feminism let's see it
[Music]
I'm sorry I didn't mean to fight but you
don't know what I've been through and
all because I was afraid I'm so ashamed
ah chirp chirp chirp that was so nice
that was like watching a cartoon sweet
little ELISA
so we Lily says very fair-skinned it was
just like what a beautiful and now also
I'm sorry you had to come out of it
now let's take a look at what feminism
has turned women into
male that doesn't stand for women's
rights
I get that camera out of my face see
what I am the feminist who is out to
ruin your life I am the feminist who is
ruining your perfectly respectful
marriage by suggesting Audrey Lorde to
the book club
that your wife attends and yes I am the
one who convinced her to get that
shorter haircut did you pretend to like
but don't really like I am the feminist
who is pushing your daughter down the
slippery slope of hood by giving
her a high five when she says she keeps
her own supply of condoms and
incidentally I've tried to turn her
bisexual gay by recommending some dental
dam
yes that's progress there it is there's
the progress everybody what an
advancement how enlightened now we are
what wonderful things feminism has
brought to the world we have to bring on
now faith more a wonderful writer about
all things feminist and more importantly
a Disney princess addict faith thank you
for coming on hi thanks for having me
it's great to be here so faith my first
question which is more of a fantasy
Disney or feminism feminism is based on
a lie it's based on the lie that men and
women are the same that gender is a
social contract that's a lie Disney
tells the truth about women and what's
so strange about it too is that is the
central line men and women are the same
they're indistinguishable and yet it's
called feminism they always say well it
just means men and women they deserve
the same rights or whatever but then why
is it called feminism it's that we have
a philosophy for that which is called
egalitarianism so it seems on the one
hand it says men and women are exactly
the same and on the other hand women are
this totally separate categorical entity
and we need to give them everything and
let
them yell at us and kick our signs down
well not only that it also ends up
saying that men are actually better than
women because if you say that gender is
a social construct and men and women are
exactly the same but everything that is
feminine is because of the oppression of
men so women have to act more like men
that means men are better than women
everything within the category of woman
is lesser and worse and terrible given
that given and it's funny because given
the premise if men and women really are
no different then there are no women
right then there isn't a categorical
distinction between men and women it's
just it's just men and men with long
hair who look nicer now faith you love
Disney Princesses you have a pretty big
Facebook page about this you write about
this frequently why do you love them so
I love Disney Princesses well all girls
love Disney Princesses I mean little
girls love Disney Princesses that's the
most controversial statement that has
ever been uttered on my program yeah I'm
here to see you just really shake things
up with my Disney princess conversation
no I mean it doesn't matter how much
feminists try to convince us that little
girls don't love princesses they do they
love princesses and the thing about
Disney Princesses is that they're
actually a great they're great role
models for modern girls because they're
they're brave and passionate and
outspoken and they have goals and they
follow their dreams and all these things
but they do it without compromising
their femininity their kindness their
nurturing nature they want love they
want to start a family all of these
things but somewhere along the line
feminists got a hold of the narrative
about Disney Princesses and they did to
the princesses what they do to women
which is that because they act like
women they've decided that they're just
these victim damsels in distress'
husband hunters and we believe them so
the the pub the general public sort of
believes them so anyone who tells you
that they love Disney Princesses
apologizes first they say like I know I
know they're really I'm sorry mom I'm
sorry but I just really love them you
know and and moms like they banned them
from their houses
they're not allowed to like their
daughters I'm allowed to watch some of
these things but but really I think in
our current culture and our current
situation situation about gender these
are some really great stories for little
girls to be looking at to figure out how
to become women and you make the point
on damsels in distress that's that's how
a lot of people think of them that's how
they portrayed that they're just waiting
for the man to come around but you say
they're not damsels in distress just
like women before feminism weren't just
helpless damsels in distress what do
these people get wrong so I mean you
just play that whole thing about Snow
White and in fact in that clip that you
played she says I'm so what did she say
I'm so ashamed of the fuss I've made and
so when you think about that right this
is a person who I mean in that scene
she's just been like someone threatened
to kill her essentially and then she ran
away and she can never come home so
that's bad and but she's so ashamed of
the fuss that she's made right and the
next thing that she does is she goes to
a house find that it would be a really
good place to hide out
and decides to make a deal with the
people who live there she is gonna cook
and clean for them because she knows how
to do that and they'll let her stay so I
mean if if feminists want her to be a
freeloader and just get the men in the
house to take care of her then that
would be fine I guess but really what
she does is she actually shows up with a
plan that's right she's not just
offering her body or something she says
I have these skills and I'm gonna make a
deal and strike out on my own and not
have to become some fake man in order to
do it exactly and I think they're
they're almost all like that until you
get to the princesses that are the more
recent ones that are supposed to be more
modern and then you get these princesses
who are sort of like infantilized and
objectified like in their own story
except those are the ones because they
write and that's the new fiction that
they're it were it's not that we're
seeing this throughout all of these
Disney movies and more largely
throughout all of the folk tales and
fables that come
us through the tradition it were
actually this is a modern advancement
that the women are oppressed that there
this is an ideological vision that's
being imposed even on these stories even
on these Disney stories how long until
we see a transgender Disney Princess oh
it's it's coming there's no development
right now yeah I think so I mean we had
the first boy princess but it was it was
in a cartoon on television so like I
said it doesn't officially count but
yeah I mean there was a boy who was
dressing up as a girl in order to do
something or other and you know so he
was sort of lauded as Disney's first boy
princess oh my gosh I actually don't
follow the you'll be shocked to hear
this I don't follow Disney very closely
I didn't so that they're already testing
into what will become inevitably the
transgender Disney Princess also known
as the end of Disney Princesses right
exactly yeah I mean I think that's
probably that's really gonna happen I
mean there's already called for Elsa
from frozen to be a lesbian since you
know she didn't have a love interest in
all of this stuff so I mean all of that
all of that is coming and I think you're
just gonna lose the girls you know
you're right then but this is when this
is what happens in the culture generally
they loot they insist on adding this
ideological vision and then they lose
their audience because it's no longer
entertaining it no longer corresponds to
reality as we know reality is we as we
as we see ourselves and as we see other
people in the world and they lose all
the audience but they still win all of
the awards because it's so important man
isn't it so important and powerful right
exactly you know and and now we're
essentially telling you know my least
favorite Disney movie of all Disney
princess movie of all time
is brave and brave is a story about not
growing up because they can't they can't
have her find a husband that they can't
have her you know have her life they
have basically she goes out on the whole
quest that a Disney Princess goes out on
and then ends up right back home where
she started and we have no idea what's
gonna happen to her so that's that's
essentially what's happening is they're
infantilizing women by making it so that
they can't they can't leave home because
there's nothing for them out there
that's right you knew you know there
there is Peter Pan but Peter Pan is a
sad tale it's a sad thing that Peter
can't grow up and doesn't move on with
his life
and I think this is sort of a tease
right exactly I think this is kind of a
rationalist this is what happens with
ideologies ideology forgets that we live
in time and we live in space and so they
say this is it this is the frozen moment
but I don't know I really liked college
college was a lot of fun I don't wish
that I were still in college because
that's in the past I like other you know
I've it was fun to be a child that I
don't wish that I were still a child and
they lose that and and all conservatives
I like to think look at reality as it is
and they understand that we live in time
we live in a space and you can't stay
and never Neverland forever Lefty's tell
us they tell us all the time that gender
is a social construct but I'm looking at
you faith you look very much like a lady
you seem objectively prettier than I am
your voice is higher pitched than mine
is is there evidence that gender is a
social construct no in fact I think
there's evidence that it is not a social
construct that it is inherent in men to
be men and women to be women and there
are even there are studies that sort of
you know the most recent one I saw was
about sort of toy preference and they
kind of they've they weeded out all of
these things like you know whether the
mom and dad were there and all of this
stuff and it was like the girls picked
the girl toys the boy I mean no it's
ridiculous you know I and I think that
when when you try to prove that that
gender is a social construct you you end
up just sort of talking yourself in
circles and when the feminists do it
they end up talking themselves into
victimhood essentially no of course they
it always ironically something that's
supposed to empower them ends up making
them like little children and I love
that you brought up the scientific
studies because I've seen these two
studies that show that regardless of
socialization regardless of the awful
patriarchal culture boys want to play
with boy toys and robot girls won't play
with girl toys and then in fake studies
in like gender studies one of my hobbies
a few years ago a buddy of mine did
and I we did we did this on tumblr we
created a blog called Gender Studies
department and as always I think it's
still up there Gender Studies department
- blog tumblr comm and we would just
post quotes from actual peer-reviewed
published Gender Studies papers that
absolutely meant nothing they were just
random words
and so one quote says and this is by
this might be the most rational quote of
all of them it says at the root of
ecofeminism is the understanding that
the many systems of oppression are
mutually reinforcing building on the
socialist feminist insight that racism
classism and sexism are interconnected
eco feminists whatever that is
recognized additional similarities
between those forms of human oppression
and the oppressive structures of
speciesism and naturism and ism ISM and
ISM ISM ISM I notice all of these other
lefty ideas socialism environmentalism
they keep creeping into discussions
about feminism can there be a
conservative feminism I sometimes hear
some of my conservative or my
conservative ish female friends say
things like you know a woman with a gun
that yeah with a gun that's real
feminism or a woman CEO raising children
and go and work every day that's
feminism or whatever they say is there a
conservative feminism or are isms and
ideologies like feminism just
incompatible with with conservative
thought well I think that at the heart
of feminism or I guess at the beginning
of feminism I think it began with a
notion that we can all agree with which
is that men and women are equally
valuable to society that that you need
men and women and that you know women
should be allowed to do the same kinds
of things as men if they want to do them
and I think and so I think that if that
were still true about feminism then
maybe we could get behind it
more than then we can now but that that
isn't actually what the feminists now
are saying you know they're not they're
not saying it's that men and women are
equally valuable to society they're
saying
that they're the same and that certain
traits be they male or female are
positive or negative I mean the thing is
men have inherently male traits and
women have inherently female traits and
there's no moral judgement about that it
just is mm-hmm
so when you start to put moral judgment
on the inherent traits that's when you
get lost and I think that feminism has
gotten lost so I don't I don't know what
the word would be for someone who thinks
rationally but Christian you know so yes
there are some other versions too
rational people yeah I don't know that
you know that that's absolutely right
there's a the complementarity of the
sexes poses equal value in christianity
and judaism the eve is plucked out of
Adam's rib not out of his head she's not
higher than Adam out of his foot she's
not lower than a time right out of his
rib in the beginning God created man
both male and female he created them
they've equal dignity but they're
clearly not the same I hope they're not
the same the blogger speaking speaking
of the complementarity of the sexes
we're gonna get a little saucy here
the bloggers Samara over at scary mommy
wrote a piece called sometimes I want to
be held by a man naked without having
sex is that okay the answer is no by the
way she says that women need intimacy in
their lives and therefore they should be
able to expect it from randos that they
hook up with what is wrong with that
can't women have it all no actually
women can't have it all even when they
say when they're referring to the other
thing which is like working and raising
kids they can't have it all in that area
either but um no that is a ridiculous
request because and the reason it's a
ridiculous request is because you don't
actually know that person and therefore
