another horrific mass shooting in Texas
we'll talk all about the response by the
media the left and the Republican Party
plus mystery in Saudi Arabia what the
hell is going on over there and some war
in the Democratic Party I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
so not a really dark weekend I mean just
just terrible things happening it seems
all across the planet so well done
everyone
but there is a the worst of all the
things obviously is what just happened
in Texas and I'm going to give you the
the full rundown and why it is that the
left constantly jumps to particular
positions with regards to guns and the
right jumps to different positions with
regards to guess what this says about
their different views of human nature in
just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at ring
so rings mission is to make
neighborhoods safer I have a ring video
doorbell at my house basically what it
does is every time somebody rings the
doorbell
I am notified on my phone I can be 3,000
miles away I can talk to the person I
can activate an alarm I can make sure
that my house is safe even when I am NOT
at home which is great because most of
the people who are trying to break into
your house will try to ring the doorbell
first see if someone's home and then
break in ring make sure they can't do
that anymore
well now ring knows that home security
doesn't end at the front door so they've
created what they call the ring
floodlight cam just like Britain's
amazing tour bell the floodlight cam is
a motion-activated camera and floodlight
that connects right to your phone with
HD video and two-way audio but lets you
know the moment anyone steps on your
property you can see speak to visitors
even set off an alarm directly from your
phone you'll know if somebody is trying
to make trouble in your neighborhood if
you if you get the ring floodlight cam
and also if you have the ring video
doorbell it's the ultimate in home
security save up to one hundred and
fifty bucks off a ring of security kit
when you go to ring calm slash Ben again
that's ring calm / Ben ringing calm
/ Ben then you save off a hundred save
one hundred fifty bucks off a ring of
security kit it's just terrific we've
our family has purchased additional
services from ring because they do such
a wonderful job ring calm / Ben super
user friendly products and at an
affordable price again save one hundred
fifty bucks off the ring of security kit
when you go to ring calm / Ben okay so
here is what we know about what happened
in southern island Springs so yesterday
mmm
yesterday morning at least Pacific time
this horrific story breaks that 26
people have been slain at a church in
Texas 12 to 14 of those were children
pregnant women who are shot basically
there are fifty people in church it
looks like half of them were murdered
and half of them were injured in in this
particular shooting the shooter is a guy
named Devin Patrick Kelly and he is the
gunman he apparently committed before a
week before he committed
the worst math scored a place of worship
in American history he posted a photo
that's according daily beast of a
semi-automatic rifle to Facebook with a
caption she's a bad it's part of a
disturbing picture emerging of the 26
year old who is discharged under
dishonorable circumstances from the Air
Force in 2014 according to Defense
Department records now contrary to some
of the factual kind of accounts that are
going around a dishonorable discharge is
not the same as being discharged under
dishonorable circumstances one means
that your weapon is automatically banned
one does not but in this case it doesn't
make any difference because the reason
he was discharged was apparently for
domestic battery apparently he committed
violence against his wife and their
child in November 2012 and he was
sentenced with the bad conduct discharge
12 months confinement and to reductions
in ranked basic airman according to an
appeals court decision in 2013 that
affirmed the decision against Kelly well
that what that means is that under Texas
state law you'll refuse the capacity for
a concealed carry permit under federal
law you're banned from buying a gun if
you commit a a domestic violence if
you're convicted with domestic violence
assault this was a domestic violence
case so he was banned by law from owning
this gun as far as we know didn't matter
he was still able to obtain in anyway he
answered First Baptist Church at
approximately 11:30 a.m. Sunday opened
fire officials said he wore a ballistic
vest and was dressed all in black so he
was ready to go a law enforcement source
close to the investigation said that the
rifle he used is similar to the one
pictured they couldn't confirm it was
the same rifle he exited the church and
he dropped his rifle and he was then
pursued by a civilian with a shotgun and
died near the city of New Berlin
apparently he died from a self-inflicted
gunshot wound but it was thanks to the
neighbors arriving and shooting at him
so here is here are some of the things
that the neighbors were saying after
after all of this happened here as a
witness talking about a citizen who
stopped the massacre I pulled up to I
pulled up to the intersection where the
shooting happened and I saw two men
exchanging gunfire the other being a
citizen of the community
the shooter of the church had taken off
fled in his vehicle and the other
gentleman came and he said we needed to
pursue him that he just shot up the
church and so that's what I did I just
acted okay and another another witness
talked about this the they talked to one
of the armed citizens who stopped the
massacre here's what he had to say that
suspect crossed the street to the church
Exodus vehicle and began firing at the
church the suspect then moved to the
right side of the church and continued
to fire that suspect entered the church
and continued to fire as he exited the
church a local resident grabbed his
rifle and engaged that suspect the
suspect dropped his rifle which was a
Ruger AR assault type rifle and fled
from the church our local citizen
pursued the suspect at that time okay so
this is what you know there are a lot of
people who immediately jump to gun
control but one of the things that is
that is important to recognize here is
that it was an armed citizen a guy with
a gun a good guy with a gun who showed
up to stop the bad guy with the gun
apparently there are two good guys with
guns who showed up to stop the bad guy
with the gun we still don't know the
details of exactly what happened inside
the church was anyone armed inside the
church was there any security at the
church you know I've been an advocate
for a long time that places of worship
should have armed security there maybe
that's just because I'm a part of the
Jewish community it's very very common
inside the Jewish community to have
armed security we have several security
guards at the place where I worship
every major synagogue in Los Angeles has
many security guards specifically
because of the threat of violence like
this but all of the people on the left
immediately respond by suggesting gun
control is the answer even though the
reality is that it was illegal for this
guy to own guns in the first place
according to the US Code there are
restrictions already on possession of
firearms by individual convicted of a
misdemeanor crime of domestic violence
this is title 18 US Code section 922 G 9
the so called Lautenberg amendment in
the fall of 1996 and it banned the
possession of firearms by individuals
convicted of a misdemeanor crime of
domestic violence in this case he was
convicted of a misdemeanor crime of
domestic violence against his wife and
his child and you know
the fact that he still had a gun
demonstrates that just because there are
laws on the books doesn't mean the bad
people will obey them nonetheless so it
is it is a good thing that there are
good people with guns there to at least
stop him before he could go to another
location and begin trying to to murder
people there just a horrific horrific
event now last week we talked about
whether it was appropriate for President
Trump to talk politically about what had
happened in New York City after a terror
attack and who's talking immigration and
you remember the left said how dare he
politicize how dare he politicized well
they could not wait to politicize this
as always I mean just like the Las Vegas
shooting they could not wait to
politicize so Chris Murphy senator from
Connecticut we sort of considered the
gun control guy on the left after Sandy
Hook he issued a statement saying the
lawmakers quote need to think about
whether the political support of the gun
industry is worth the blood this is just
a lie this idea that everyone who
supports gun rights is is beholden to
the gun industry I was supportive of gun
rights long before we had any
advertisers who are pro-gun I've been
pro-gun rights my entire adult life
virtually everyone who's ever been on
the right has been pro-gun and is not
being paid by the gun industry the
reason that the NRA is so prominent is
not because the gun industry is paying
the NRA is because there are millions
and millions of people who are members
of the NRA who joined voluntarily
because maybe they're afraid that the
left tries to grab guns and suggests the
guns ought to be grabbed every time
something bad happens and they think
well if I were in that church I wish
that I would have had a gun - okay
here's the statement from Chris Murphy
again there's been no talk on the Left
none about why this is inappropriate why
he shouldn't be talking this way he
tweeted quote he put out a statement
said the paralysis you feel right now
the impotent helplessness that washes
over you as a news of another mass
slaughter Scrolls across the television
screen isn't real it's a fiction created
and methodically cultivated by the gun
lobby decides to assure that no laws are
passed to make America safer because
those laws would cut into their profits
again cut into the NRA s profits the NRA
doesn't sell guns
they don't sell guns how would that cut
into the NR a--'s profits if you ban you
know people with misdemeanor violent
crimes against family from from owning
guns which we already have with that
seriously interfere with the with the
NRA and anyway wouldn't even seriously
interfere with the profit margins of gun
dealerships I think not he said my own
is again Chris Murphy my heart sunk to
the pit of my stomach once again when I
heard of today
in Texas my heart dropped further when I
thought about the growing McCobb club of
families in Las Vegas in Orlando in
Charleston a new town who after lived
their own day of horror every time
another mass shooting occurs now one of
the things that I think is worthwhile
noting here before we even go any
further and talk about some of the myths
that are being pervade by folks on the
left with regard to this shooting I
think it's important to note that the
left and right treat terror attacks and
active violence in very very different
fashion the left assumes that human
beings are basically good human beings
are basically good and therefore if you
pass a law
most people will obey that law and that
if you don't pass the law basically
human beings as restrained by the state
are basically good that there won't be a
bad guy who breaks the law and goes out
and gets a gun and therefore because
human beings are inherently good we
don't need to worry about somebody
breaking the law and the best thing to
do would basically be for everyone to
put down their arms on an international
level this leads to the sort of pacifism
that led to the anti-nuke movement the
idea that if we unilaterally disarm we
will create a world without nukes you
saw some of this kind of pie in the sky
stuff from President Obama when he was
Senator Obama the right thing something
different people on the right tend to
think in religious terms and natural law
terms that human beings are capable of
both great good and great evil and then
a bad guy with the gun is separated from
a good guy with the gun by the by the
fact that there's our the by the fact
that one is good and one is bad
they're not separated by the gun they
are separated by the fact that one is
good and one is bad and this is the
problem is how do you group these people
so if the left sees two guys with guns
the left first instinct is to say the
guns should be taken away from both of
them the rights first instinct is to say
well who are they where is the guy on
the right a cop is the guy on the right
good is the guy in the right a preacher
is the guy on the right doctor is the
guy on the left a vagrant with violent
history like we have to separate by
human being whether or not that person
should have a particular capacity the
right tends to look to the vagaries of
human nature when they when they see sin
and evil and the left tends to look to
the implements of violence now I think
there's a halfway position that there
are a lot of people who adopt they say
okay human beings can be good human
beings can be bad but there are some
guns that are too dangerous for even a
good human being to own I think most
people agree with that with regards to
for example fully automatic machine guns
which have been banned in the United
States at least new sales of those since
the 1980s and there's a lot of people
who feel the same way about you know
everyone owning it
I think that's reacting that's
reasonable and rational that's where you
can have reasonable rational discussion
is which weapons are too dangerous that
the risk outweighs the benefit right the
risk outweighs the reward but that's not
the conversation left wants to have the
left wants to have the conversation
basically that all guns are bad because
the same exact weapon that was used to
gun down these people at the church was
probably used by one of these civilians
in order to fire at the bad guy running
away from the scene right the AR the the
Armalite rifle is the is the most
commonly used rifle in the United States
okay it's not an AR does not stand for
assault rifle and I think that it's
important to note all this because you
have to make a decision as a human being
are you worried more about the character
of the people that we produce in the
United States are you worried more about
the capacity of people of any stripe to
get weapons like an AR I'm not
particularly worried about me owning an
AR or my friends the office owning an AR
or millions of people owning an hour I
am worried about somebody who's been
convicted of misdemeanor domestic
violence owning an AR a handgun a knife
or or a toothpick and I think all of
these things are dangerous so I'm gonna
talk in a second about some of the myths
that the left has immediately begun to
purvey online but it's one of them is
anything really dangerous and and
another of them is actually just vile so
we'll talk about that in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriot supply so
getting prepared for emergencies should
not be tough you know the government
suggests that when you are in an
emergency should have at least some
supply of food available to you right
you should at least have some supply of
food in case you can't get to the
grocery store in case you're blocked in
case the grocery store is sold out in
case the government can't get to you
we've had wildfires and floods fed
tornadoes and hurricanes this season and
that's why it's important they at least
have enough emergency food to get
through a few days that's why my Patriot
supply helps you prepare by giving you a
102 servings survival meal kit for only
$99 one hundred and two serving survival
food kit 99 bucks breakfast lunches and
dinners shipped your home for free call
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen eight eight eight
eight oh three 14 13 or go online to
prepare with been calm again that's
prepare with been calm it lasts up to 25
years in storage folks at the office
we've tried it say it tastes like tastes
good tastes like home cooking prepare
with been calm 888 803 1413 for 99 bucks
you're keeping your family safe it seems
like a no-brainer to me again prepare
with Ben
let's prepare with been calm okay so as
always people run to Twitter to say the
dumbest things they can think of and
basically this is broken down along two
lines line number one is the political
and line number two is the spiritual so
they're sort of intertwined on the left
but there's a slight difference so on
the political side there are a bunch of
folks on the Left like Alyssa Milano who
just put out stuff that is not true
about guns so here's what Alyssa Milano
wrote and again she's now seen as some
sort of political figure which is
amazing I'm not sure by being on charmed
makes you an expert on guns but
apparently you know I have much to learn
about witchcraft and also and also
ignorance about firearms Alyssa Milano
writes there are no background checks on
long guns ar-15s in Texas thanks for the
info Shannon Watts
this is untrue this is a lie there are
background checks on long guns in Texas
in fact this guy went in he actually got
a background check and then he received
a gun anyway even though he was already
federally barred from owning a gun so
yes there are background checks as I've
said there are a universal background
checks across the United States when you
buy from a federally licensed firearms
dealer every federally licensed firearms
dealer every FFL in the United States
must perform background checks on you
before giving you a gun okay the only
ones that are not police this way are
so-called hand-to-hand transactions I
want to sell a gun to my office and so I
can sell a gun to my office without a
without a without going through a
federal background check because then I
would have to go to a store and I'd have
thrown a background check and put the
onus on me and in reality it's
impossible to police except you know on
the way back basically after if Mathis
were to go and shoot somebody
it wasn't me presumably and and then
they would back trace where the gun came
from then they could prosecute me but
prospectively speaking there's no real
way to prevent people from selling each
other firearms in private fire at
federally licensed firearms dealer a
bigger issue because they can be audited
any time by the federal government so
this is just not true from Alyssa Milano
this is also idiocy from from Chelsea
Handler Chelsea Handler again another
one of these political experts who knows
everything there is to know about
politics including the fact that dana
rohrabacher is actually a woman she
tweets quote innocent people go to
church on Sunday to honor their God and
while doing so gets shot and killed what
country America why Republicans well no
no it turns out that the shooter in this
particular case is actually a militant
atheist
