it's amorosa versus president trump plus
the alt-right anniversary rally fizzles
and ends he flick continues to threaten
Public Safety Plus updates from the FBI
lots and lots of stuff going on I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
there's a really busy weekend filled
with joy and also weirdness people
sending me very odd messages about why
James Bond shouldn't be a black person
which is a very weird thing but we'll
get to all of those things first I want
to mention to you that inflation is a
real possibility what we actually have
seen is an increase in wages there's
been a minimum wage increase across the
country plus we're seeing rising prices
thanks to rising import prices and trade
wars raw materials prices are increasing
thanks to tariffs rising housing prices
while the government sometimes solves
inflation by printing more money and
that is why you should have at least
part of your portfolio in precious
metals my savings plan is diversified
and yours should be - the company that I
trust with precious metal purchases it's
Birch gold group and right now thanks to
a little-known IRS tax law you could
even move your IRA or eligible 401k into
an IRA backed by physical gold and
silver it's perfect for folks who want
to protect hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty when you look back
historically what you see is that when
the bottom falls out of everything else
Gold tends to safeguard savings that's
why Birch gold group has thousands of
satisfied customers countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact Birch gold group
right now to request a free information
kit on physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16-page kit that reveals
how gold and silver can protect your
savings how you can legally move that
IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds if
you wish and into a precious metals IRA
to get that no-cost no-obligation kit go
to birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben the slash Ben
lets them know that we saying you all
right so the fresh controversy of the
weekend is Omarosa Omarosa Manigault the
villain from three seasons of Celebrity
Apprentice well she's back and better
than ever the president made the
brilliant move of hiring her to the
White House for no apparent reason and
then he fired her because it turns out
she's a crazy person and then it turns
out that she was taping people in like
the Situation Room which is not good
I've been to the White House you're not
supposed to tape in the Situation Room
in fact you're probably not supposed to
tape anywhere in the White House
however Omarosa was doing just that and
then she goes on national TV to
demonstrate how inside she was she's
very angry because apparently john kelly
then the chief of staff he said that he
was firing her and she got mad and then
she went and talked to Trump and then
Trump because he is always afraid of
actually firing people dirt a little
secret about Trump you hadn't liked
firing people he actually likes his
subordinates to fire people or he likes
for them to quit so she went to John
Kelly and John Kelly
you can leave and then she went to Trump
said Trump said I don't know anything
about this and she has both of them on
tape well she was on Meet the Press
over the weekend talking about how she
was taping inside the Situation Room
which is not great and here's what she
had to say they take me into the
Situation Room the doors are locked
they tell me I can't leave and they
start to threaten me put fear in me the
question is why not have the meeting in
the chief of staff's office why put me
in the Situation Room lock the door and
tell me over and over again as they'll
hear well you don't hear his part that I
couldn't leave that I couldn't consult
an attorney that I couldn't talk to my
husband who was sitting outside of the
door yes I was prepared ok so she says
how dare they bring you in there ok
wasn't false imprisonment they didn't
kidnap her they didn't keep her there
locked up she would have a lawsuit if
they had ok this is this is all a wildly
overblown then she says I don't
understand why they fired me and then
she plays tape of her secretly taping
the chief of staff I can't imagine why
they fired Omarosa I just can't imagine
this does raise some questions about the
White House's staffing choices like why
would they do this in the first place
I had heard repeatedly that the
president chooses only the best people
she was one of his first hires so not
quite the best people the White House
released a statement that CNN reported
on here with CNN reporting on the White
House response to amorosa we just got a
statement from Sarah Sanders the White
House press secretary and it reads the
very idea of staff member would sneak a
recording device into the White House
Situation Room shows a blatant disregard
for our national security and then to
brag about it on national television
further proves the lack of character and
integrity of this disgruntled former
White House employee okay so the White
House obviously smacking back hard at
Omarosa and then Rhonda McDaniel Romney
McDaniel she she came for she's the GOP
chairwoman and she tweeted out who in
their right mind thinks it's appropriate
to secretly record the White House chief
of staff in the Situation Room and the
answer is nobody which is why she
shouldn't been hired in the first place
this is who I'm Rosen Manigault is
anybody who doesn't know differently has
never had any experience that Moroso
Manigault there was a story out today
about how Omarosa actually tried when
she was getting married to invade the
White House with her photographer in her
wedding dress and go take wedding photos
in the Rose Garden at the White House
which is not what the White House is for
the President of the United States of
course
would not take this lying down at I mean
listen this is what this is what we
bargain for right I mean we're getting a
lot of the good policy it comes with the
downside of this reality TV show so the
president tweeted out three things this
morning about Omarosa Manigault and
basically it is the Godfather one two
and three of tweets it's pretty
spectacular so Godfather Part 1 he
tweets out whacky Omarosa who got fired
three times on the apprentice now got
fired for the last time she never made
it never will she begged me for a job
tears I said okay people in the White
House hated her she was vicious but not
smart I would rarely see her but heard
dot dot dot dot dot
okay so let's analyze Godfather Part 1
it's a great tweet it's a great tweet
for a variety of reasons first of all
wacky Omarosa
I do love that his first hires were
sloppy Steve Bennett and wacky amorosa
it's it's like the Muppets and he gives
them all nicknames Oscar the Grouch was
the Secretary of State got rid of him -
that was Rex Tillerson who apparently
was fired on the toilet I mean if you
didn't bargain for this reality TV show
then I'm not sure what you're about
getting for and then he says she was
fired three times on the apprentice and
now got fired for the last time he fired
her three times on the apprentice and
then rehired her three times so I mean
there's someone who's sort of missing
from this equation he says she never
made it and never will well she didn't
get a million-dollar advance apparently
for this book he says she begged me for
a job tears in her eyes whenever the
president says that sort of stuff
whenever he says they begged me they
came and they begged me on their knees
that just means that they asked for a
job and he said yes and he said okay and
these people in the White House hated
her my favorite line from this classic
Godfather tweet I mean this is Godfather
Part one it is a classic of the tweeting
genre he'd like this prices she was
vicious but not smart I like the but
they're right there that vicious is
actually a compliment right vicious is
is an accolade she was vicious which is
awesome but not very smart
so she's stupid but also vicious so that
was her recommending qualities that she
was vicious so Godfather Part one of
tweets excellent and then we get to the
even better one Godfather Part two of
tweets it turns out the sequel is even
stronger than the original he says I
heard really bad things
nasty to paper and would constantly miss
meetings and work when general Kelley
came
bird he told me she was a loser and
nothing but problems I told him to try
working it out if possible because she
only said great things about me until
she got fired ah ah the genius the
genius of constructing a godfather to
tweet like this so spectacular I love it
the entire tweet is what a terrible
person she was she was nasty to paper
she'd constantly miss meetings and work
she was the worst
but Trump wanted to keep her around why
why because she only said great things
about me that was legitimately his
hiring criteria she was making by the
way 180 thousand dollars in taxpayer
money at the White House for saying nice
things about him while he was saying to
choose the worst employee ever so
fantastic so and also a window into the
mind of the commander in chief and when
people say that Trump is nice to Putin
because he's in bed with Putin or he's
nice to Kim Jong hoon because in bed
with Kim Jong hoon no he's nice to them
because when they say nice things about
them he likes them this is not a
complicated man okay it's so funny when
you when you talk to women and men about
relationships women will always tell men
are so complex men are not complex men
are super super simple you feed them
ladies if you're married feed them have
sex with them be relatively nice to them
happy marriage we're done men are really
really simple
president Trump be nice to him feed him
depends on who you are with the sex but
in any case the president is a just like
any other man except more so so it's
really not hard to keep the plan the
president please like you say nice
things about him and he is very very
pleased with you so I love this he said
she was nasty to people missed meetings
missed work was terrible Kelly wanted to
fire her he's like right but she says
some stuff about me and it makes me feel
great about myself so I was Godfather
Part two of tweets very very strong
entry in the Canon and then we get to
the slightly disappointing Godfather
Part three of tweets it has its moments
its highs and it's lows but overall
doesn't really fit in the series he
tweets out well I know it's not
presidential to take on a low-life like
Omarosa and well I would rather not be
doing so this is a modern-day form of
communication and I know the fake news
media will be working overtime to make
even wacky Omarosa look legitimate as
possible sorry now
listen it's fine for what it is it's a
bit of a derivative storyline is the
truth this particular tweet link you
know it's just more of the same yeah
it's not presidential and I'm not
presidential but I'm communicating with
the people okay I get it fine but it's
not it's not his strongest war Godfather
if I had to rank these Suites Godfather
part to tweet Godfather Part one treat
and then Godfather Part three tweet okay
but very strong entries from the
president overall
on his Twitter account and come on if
we're not gonna get mused by this then
what can you be amused by the man hired
a doofus and then he's like I don't know
how she even got in here but I kept her
here cuz she said nice things but then
she got fired she won't get a job ever
again
unless she begs with tears in her eyes
this is what listen I know a lot of
people are gonna be frustrated because
they say well why can't you just focus
on the good stuff the president is doing
don't worry what gets some of the good
stuff the president is doing we do that
whenever possible but if the president
gets credit for all of his staffers
doing good stuff he also gets the blame
when his staffer ends up being amorosa a
person he never should have hired in the
first place he does get the blame when
he hires Steve Ben and a person who
never should have hired in the first
place he does get the blame when he
hires Rex Tillerson a person he never
should have hired in the first place
when you're the boss you get the blame
and the credit for what your employees
do and the president of the United
States hired Omarosa Manigault because
she was on a reality TV show with him
and because let's face it the President
of the United States wanted more black
faces around him because he wanted to be
able to say to the media he had a more
diverse administration and so he hired
Omarosa Manigault there is no chance
that if she were not black she would've
been inside the administration she
doesn't have the qualifications the
president hired her based on an
affirmative action calculation I know
that's politically incorrect to say but
that is why he hired her in the first
place that is what the president was
doing here okay so he gets the blame
when it turns out that she is exactly
the type of feces storm that everybody
knew that she was in the first place and
of course she brought a recording device
into the skiff of course she did of
course she brought into the Situation
Room which is a which is a confidential
place
did she violate the law by the way is
she gonna go to jail for this probably
not in order to violate the law you
actually have to show intent to
communicate all this stuff to outside
intelligence agencies or something like
that she's not gonna go to jail for any
of this but the President does have to
get better with his staff and thankfully
I think the president's staff has gotten
a lot better I know a lot of folks in
the administration they seem to be an
upgrade over the people who are
generally in the administration but come
on if we can't have a little bit of
light-hearted fun with the fact the
president hired Omarosa Manigault to be
part of the administration then tweeted
about how terrible she was except she
was nice to him
I don't know what we can't have fun with
these days okay in a minute I'm gonna
get to the actual alt-right rally that
happened over the weekend and Tifa the
media malfeasance we have we have a lot
to get to first I want to talk to you
about making your business better so
let's say you don't want to staff up
with a bunch of Omarosa Manigault so
let's say that you look around your
office and you're like wow that person
is gonna take me in the Situation Room
let's say you're president from and you
want to hire better
well maybe you oughta head over to zip
recruiter because zip recruiter is going
to do a lot better than your former
apprentice hires zip recruiter sends
your job so for 100 of the web's leading
job boards they don't stop there with
their powerful matching technologies zip
recruiter scans thousands of resumes to
find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job as
applications come in zip recruiter
analyzes each one they spot like the top
candidates so you never miss a great
match zip recruiter is so effective that
80% of employers who post on zip
recruiter can a quality candidate
through the site within the first day we
use zip recruiter here at daily wire all
the time it is a fantastic service it's
no wonder the zip recruiter is the
highest rated hiring site in the United
States and right now my listeners can
try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web address zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiter comm
slash Dai ly WI re its zip recruiter
calm slash daily wire zip recruiter is
indeed the smartest way to hire go check
it out zip recruiter comm slash daily
wear okay so putting all the Omarosa
stuff aside it was a weekend of covering
stupidity so does Omarosa deserve all of
this media coverage no of course she
doesn't deserve all this media coverage
you know what else didn't deserve a lot
of media coverage over the weekend this
alt-right rally that started off in
Charlottesville Virginia near the
University of Virginia and then
transferred its way over to Washington
DC now the reason it got a lot of
coverage is because last year of course
that alt-right rally drew several
hundred people and it's evolved into
violence when auntie Faye showed up and
there are a bunch of pitched battles in
the streets between some antifoam
members and some members of the
alt-right
neo-nazi rally and then that bled over
into an alright piece of human debris
crashing his car into members of a of a
left-wing rally some of whom are antifa
many of whom are not in any case that
became national news not only
the killing but also because the
President of the United States then got
up there and said that there were good
people on both sides which I think was
eminently untrue in any case the media
was there in full force for this
anniversary all right rally the governor
of Virginia declared a state of
emergency over this alt-right rally hey
here's how many people showed up we have
video of the ralliers on the way to
Washington DC here is this is
legitimately all of them all of them
okay they could fit in half a car it was
20 people you can see this half of the
half of the car is members of the media
and the rest of it is is the actual
people that the car's half-empty it's
like 20 people the last time this few
losers got this most media attention was
the fire festival okay they really this
is it was like a Magic the Gathering
he was like a Magic the Gathering
tournament for racists it was like five
people all of whom took time off from
watching pornography anime pornography
in their grandmother's spare bedroom and
then went over to like a rally and it
was like 10 of them 15 of them and so it
was just absurd Jason Kessler who is the
leader of all of this he got all the
media attention he could possibly want
he was he was confronted the unite the
right to rally and he was asked he was
asked why they were celebrating Heather
hires murder and and it did not go
particularly well for him here is what
it looked like the media we're obviously
all and what's hilarious is that when
you take a longshot view of these of
these protesters well you see is there
20 of them and 100 members of the media
so here's a picture of the rally or
Xindi see what you can see in this
picture is that's it that's it right
there were legitimately more people at
my wife's birthday party over the
weekend and that was just a media family
okay this is it this was the entirety of
the protest hundreds of police officers
show up to protect this thing and the
media covered this thing like it's a big
deal like we are now involved in a
cascading wave of white supremacism
across the United States and this all
right thing they're they're taking over
the country now I want to talk about
what's justified about the
coverage and what's unjustified about
