President Trump says he's ready for
citizenship for dreamers the Mueller
investigation heats up and should bosses
ever date their secretaries we'll
discuss it this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so it's wild confusion mass hysteria
cats living with dogs the end of the
world as we know it
apparently all this about the Mueller
investigation I'm gonna try and unpack
everything that's going on here because
I think you're hearing a lot of stuff
that's not true from the right you're
hearing a lot of stuff that's not true
from the left basically both sides have
preconceived notions of how this
narrative is supposed to go and they're
shifting the facts in order to meet
those narrative notions we're gonna get
into all of that first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Tommy
John so right now this very instant I'm
wearing my Tommy John underwear and they
are spectacular let me tell you I am so
comfortable I will only buy Tommy John
underwear from now on because that's how
good they are unparalleled comfort
innovative designs patented fabrics they
ensure that your underwear will never
ride up you'll never get a wedgie and
listen as somebody who's two years ahead
in school I know what a wedgie feels
like so let me tell you it's not a great
thing you're never gonna have that again
once you use Tommy John underwear Tommy
John re-engineered underwear so you'll
never have to adjust there are no more
distractions everything stays exactly
where it's supposed to be at all times
which makes it convenient when you're in
meetings because otherwise you look like
some sort of perv so make sure that
you're using Tommy John underwear
because they are awesome
their line of comfortable clothing by
the way also includes undershirts that
stay tucked socks that do not fall down
second skins he's so soft that you won't
believe it
plus a choice of smart fabrics for every
situation or outfit and all Tommy Tron
underwear is backed by their best pair
you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee
so you really don't have anything to
lose hurry to Tommy John calm right now
Tommy John's comm slash Shapiro when you
use slash Shapiro you get 20% off your
first order that's 20% off your first
order when you go to Tommy John comm
slash Shapiro again 20% off when you do
that Tommy John comm slash Shapiro also
use the slash up hero so they know that
we sent you and make sure that that
everything remains where it is supposed
to be it is I'm telling you these
underwear are just fantastic ok so
before I begin with all the negative
news of the day I just want to make a
nice note because I don't normally do
this I'm not big on the emotions I'm not
big on the niceties everything today is
actually a really nice day number one we
get to broadcast from the beautiful
studios here at the blaze so it's very
kind of I'm Glenn backing team to allow
us to use their studio so that's awesome
but also I had an experience this
morning I was up very very early after
my UConn speech last night which went
great it was really it was really fun or
500 people showed up packed house we
would have had another five six hundred
people if they'd allowed in the general
public which they should have and if
they had not warned students that they
required counseling if I even showed up
on campus but
event was just great and I woke up early
this morning I get on the plane and
during liftoff you can't be on the
Internet well not being on the internet
for me is sort of like it must be for a
crack cocaine addict who has no access
so I'm sitting there desperately trying
to reload things on a phone the phone
won't connect to anything and then I
realized hey there's other stuff on my
phone too and so i sat there and i
listened to bach which i downloaded and
i watched videos of my kids on my iphone
on a plane taking off at 400 miles an
hour taking me from Connecticut to
Dallas and I just thought to myself what
a phenomenal world we live in I mean
really it's amazing we tend to overlook
all of this because we're used to it
because this is the civilization in
which we live we take for granted
Western civilization we take for granted
the fact that we live in modernity the
fact that if you have a cold you have
the flu you just run down to a store and
get medicine or we take all this stuff
for granted this stuff is the
painstaking labor of literally millions
of people over hundreds of generations
that's what's brought us to this point
and that's just I think we should sit
back and and marvel a little bit at that
this is the culture that the culture
brought us here right I know that there
are atheists out there who say it has
nothing to do with culture it has
nothing to do with Jo Christian values
it has nothing to do with old-fashioned
Greek reason and-and-and purpose-driven
Telos
that's nonsense okay it's all part of a
whole the reason that you're able to sit
on a plane and listen to Bach write the
music of Bach a religious man on your
iPhone hundreds of years after Bach died
the reason that you're able to sit on a
plane that takes you across the country
in two hours three hours in an attorney
that used to take you weeks this is all
because of free-market capitalism it's
all because of innovation it's all
because there were people who felt
driven to change the world
because yes there was a religion that
was dictating that it was important for
them to change the world to make it
better for other people so all of this
is worth appreciating so that was all
the light stuff now we get to all the
crappy stuff so here we go let's just
jump right in into the Muller
investigation and what's going on with
the FBI so I want to start off by
talking about where the right-wing is
head is at because yesterday I talked a
little bit about some people on the
right who are suggesting that the FBI is
thoroughly corrupt the FBI has been
thoroughly corrupt for years there was
even an implication by a man I greatly
admire of Rush Limbaugh that I was
completely wrong the intelligence
community somehow bamboozled George W
Bush on the Iraq war because I guess
we're just anti FBI now again I thought
that that was silly I think that the
conspiracy theories however are coming
from
certain place the place they are coming
from is the place where we now know that
the FBI was basically complicit with the
Obama DOJ and making sure that Hillary
Clinton was never prosecuted hey Andy
McCarthy who's a pretty level-headed
fellow former federal prosecutor
assistant US attorney he writes for
National Review and he has a column over
at National Review that is really
devastating with regard to the FBI and
the DOJ and their collusion to prevent
Hillary Clinton
from being prosecuted and so here is the
timeline that Andy McCarthy lays forth
because it's pretty it's pretty
astonishing now the reason the Obama
administration protected Hillary Clinton
is because if it turned out that Hillary
Clinton was prosecuted for use it for
for putting a bunch of emails classified
emails on a public server on a server
that was available to him as a private
server but it was available to be hacked
the the reason that this was troublesome
to the Obama administration is of course
Obama had been emailing with Hillary on
this private server and he knew it she
was not using a government email address
so he was implicated in all of this so
here is the timeline as laid out by Andy
McCarthy and it's pretty damning okay
two days after the New York Times broke
the scandal about Hillary Clinton in
March 2015 John Podesta who was then an
adviser to the president and head of
Hillary's campaign emails Clinton
confidant and top state Department aide
Cheryl Mills to tell her that the email
exchanges between Obama and Clinton
should never be disclosed but instead
held because of executive privilege
because they didn't want anybody to know
that Obama had known that Hillary was
using a private email server three days
after that Obama went on national TV and
he lied openly saying that he had only
learned about Hillary's use of private
email quote the same time everybody else
learned it through news reports that was
not true but this set off a series of
panic based reactions among Clinton and
his aides among Clinton and Obama's
aides Clinton campaign secretary Josh
Sherman emailed former White House
director of communications Jen Palmieri
and he wrote Jen you probably have more
on this but it looks like the POTUS said
he just found out HRC was using her
personal email when he saw it on the
news and then Cheryl Mills emailed John
Podesta saying quote we need to clean
this up
he has emails from her they do not say
state gov so what did Obama do well he
had his email communications with
Hillary Clinton sealed so use the the
dubious presidential records privilege
according to McCarthy the White House
insisted that it had nothing to do with
the content of the emails it was just to
vindicate the principle of
confidentiality right they just wanted
to keep things confidential for no
reason for no reason but it's important
to keep things confidential that of
course was nonsense they're trying to
protect
from the implication that he knew that
Hillary was misusing classified
information and then the and then of
course eventually the FBI led her where
Clinton off the Clint had not intended
to harm national security in August 2017
a letter to FBI director Christopher
rate from Senator Chuck Grassley and
Senator Lindsey Graham said quote
according to unredacted portions of the
transcripts it appears that in April or
early May of 2016 mr. Comey had already
decided he would issue a statement
exonerating Secretary Clinton this was
long before the FBI agents finished
their work mr. Comey even circulated an
early draft statements to select members
of senior FBI leadership the outcome of
an investigation should not be prejudged
while FBI agents are still hard at work
trying to gather the facts and then of
course a few weeks after all of that
went down Bill Clinton met with Loretta
Lynch on a tarmac in Phoenix Arizona for
a private meeting McCarthy writes quote
on July 1st amid intense public
criticism of her meeting with Bill
Clinton attorney general Lynch piously
announced you to accept whatever
recommendations the FBI director and
career prosecutors made about charge and
Clinton but of course she already knew
it this time that the FBI was going to
let all of this go right Lisa Paige who
is the paramour of working at the FBI of
Peter struck also at the FBI I'm working
on the Hillary investigation text
instruct quote this is a purposeful leak
following the airplane snafu
since Lynch already knows that no
charges will be brought and finally on
July 5th Comey held the press conference
that started with him saying quote I
have not coordinated or reviewed this
statement in any way with Department of
Justice or any other part of the
government they do not know what I am
about to say that line from Comey was
added after Lynch and Clinton met on the
tarmac and struck acknowledged this in a
text to page on July 1st Lynch timing
not great but whatever wonder if that's
why the coordination language added so
in other words he was very obvious that
the FBI and the DOJ were coordinating to
let Hillary Clinton off the hook before
she was even interviewed and all of this
is devastating to the credibility of the
FBI so when you wonder why it seems that
there are so many people on the right
who are out over their skis with regard
to the FBI's investigation into Bob into
into the president Trump and Trump
Russia collusion the answer is their
credibility has already been called into
serious question because of Obama re
already politicized the FBI and once the
FBI has been politicized it is fair game
to say was it politicized in order to
get President Trump because maybe it
wasn't just politicized in order to
defend Hillary Clinton and President
Obama maybe it was politicized you know
target President Trump so now we have
this narrative that's been set in the
minds of people on the right
the FBI is corrupt it was out to get
Trump and that's why something evil and
terrible is happening right here on the
other side you have a narrative that's
already been set in their minds Hillary
Clinton never under any normal
circumstances could have lost a
president Trump that means the president
Trump only won because Hillary Clinton
was shafted by the Russians therefore
Trump Russia collusion must be real and
the FBI must be absolutely pure in every
possible way Bob Mueller pure Lisa Paige
and struck well you know if not purer
than at least they're trying to do the
right thing and so you have these
counter narratives and they're both
based on what people wish were happening
as opposed to what is actually happening
so in just a second I'm going to talk
about what is actually happening and
President Trump and president from
saying that now he wants to testify in
front of Robert Mueller and why that is
a terrible idea we'll get to all that in
just a second first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at zip
recruiter so it's a new year that means
it's time for you to fire all the people
at your company who suck and hire better
people as it zip recruiter calm is we're
not the firing but the hiring you need
to add new people and zip recruiter comm
will get you the best recruits zip
recruiter post your job to over 100 of
the web's leading job boards with just
one click and then zip recruiter
actively looks for the most qualified
candidates and invites them to apply
they even review every application to
identify those top candidates so you do
not miss a great match and that's why
zip recruiter is different unlike other
hi ringside zip recruiter doesn't depend
on the right candidates finding you
instead it finds them this is why 80% of
employers who post on zip recruiter get
a quality candidate through the site in
just one day okay zipper core is the
smartest way to hire and right now my
listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter
for free for free go to zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire that zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire again you get to
post for free zip recruit comm slash
daily wire go and check it out and when
you use slash daily wire that also lets
them know that we sent you so zip
recruit is the best way to upgrade the
personnel at your company ok so back to
the the Muller investigation so
yesterday President Trump was asked
about testifying in front of robert
muller so or Mueller I'm never sure and
President believes Mueller in any case
when the the question has come up
because Mueller apparently wants to
interview Trump himself the reason he
wants to interview Trump is not on Trump
Russia collusion this is where Trump has
it wrong Trump thinks the Mueller wants
to ask him did you cooperate with the
Russians and
Trump thinks well I'll say no and then
everything will be hunky-dory that's not
what Mueller wants at all right in just
the same way that the the FBI did not
actually want Flynn to testify about
Trump Russia collusion they just wanted
to catch Flynn in a perjury trap and
they just want to catch him in a line so
the FBI trap and an obstruction trap
that's what Mueller is doing now he's
trying to set up a pattern or at least
he's trying to find a pattern whereby
President Trump was personally involved
in attempting to stifle the
investigation into Trump Russian
collusion even if the collusion never
took place to understand an obstruction
charge does not mean there was an
underlying crime you could obstruct
justice without an underlying crime
actually taking place it is sort of what
happened with Bill Clinton Bill Clinton
obstructed justice and was involved in
perjury with regard to an affair that he
had not even if regard to an underlying
crime like sexual harassment it was with
regard to an affair he tried to obstruct
justice and committed perjury and lied
to the public about all of this right
that was good enough to get him
impeached in the house Mueller is moving
down the same path right now regardless
of Trump Russian collusion the idea is
that Trump whether he thinks he's
innocent or not it doesn't matter if he
is trying to pressure people into
exonerating him without proper cause and
then he's firing people the idea is that
this is collusion I mean that this is
obstruction rather now as I said
yesterday it's not actually legal
obstruction a legal obstruction is a
very specific thing and we talked about
all the statutes yesterday so if you
missed it go back and listen to
yesterday's show but if you are talking
about the generalized perception of
obstruction which could end in an
impeachment charge by Democrats if they
went back to house in 2018 that's what
mean what are setting up for and that's
why he wants to talk to Trump and that's
why what Trump said yesterday is so
foolish he was asked by the media would
you talk to Robert Mueller and here's
what he had to say you said you really
not have an idea
I'll give you an idea she didn't do it
under
I would do it and you know she didn't do
it under us right if you didn't do it if
you didn't know about ok so here's one
of the problems for President Trump he's
always trying to add to Hillary Clinton
so he says well yeah she talked to the
FBI but she didn't do it under oath I'll
do it under oath okay a couple of things
here one lying to the FBI is a crime
whether you're under oath or not you
don't actually have to be under oath if
you lie to the FBI this is now
considered obstruction and you can be
charged this is what happened to Mike
Flynn he was not under oath when he lied
to the FBI they are charging him with
obstruction of justice anyway and he
could jump to five years in a federal
pen for that right so Trump should not
go in front of Mueller the reason you
shouldn't go in front of Mueller is you
may have noticed that our president is
rather fond of mailing off his rather
fond of making grandiose claims he's
rather fond of saying things that may
not be wholly true well if you step off
the beaten path with Robert Mueller you
are gonna get smacked right Bill Clinton
is a lawyer and a pretty smart lawyer at
that Bill Clinton got caught in
obstruction charges by Ken Starr and
Bill Clinton was very careful I mean
Bill Clinton is so careful that in that
testimony in front of a grand jury he
was asked the whether he is having an
affair with with Monica Lewinsky he said
it depends on what the definition of is
is right because he was trying to parse
is you saying right now I am NOT but
maybe before I did this was made fun of
obviously but that was good lawyering by
Bill Clinton didn't matter he still
ended up in an obstruction of justice
charge the same thing has basically it
could happen here with President Trump
no lawyer worth his salt will allow
Trump to get in a room with Mueller
Trump should not get into in into a room
