President Trump does a presser with
Vladimir Putin in the world goes insane
Democrats cried treason and we
deconstruct some culture I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
so first off let me remind you that if
you haven't heard already this August I
am taking the Ben Shapiro show live to
audiences in Dallas and Phoenix you'll
be able to see me in person and join in
an audience Q&A tickets are going fast
visit daily wired.com slash events to
get your seats and additional info or
basically sold out in Dallas go check it
out really quickly if you want to get
those seats daily we're calm / events
also I want to remind you that China has
now announced fifty billion dollars in
tariffs to counter America's fifty
billion dollars in tariffs across
thirteen hundred products at categories
all of this can cause serious price
inflation a hedge against inflation and
a hedge against uncertainty and
instability can be precious metals gold
is a safe haven against uncertainty
which is why my savings plan is
diversified I don't mean take all your
money and stick it in gold I mean take
some of your money and stick it in
precious metals because that's what I do
the company I trust with precious metals
purchases is Birch gold group and right
now thanks to a little-known IRS tax law
you can even move your IRA or eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
and silver it's perfect for people who
want to protect their hard-earned
retirement savings from future
geopolitical uncertainty and when you
look back historically what you see is
that gold is never worth nothing when
the bottom falls out of everything else
Gold tends to safeguard your savings
Birch gold has thousands of satisfied
customers five star reviews A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau you all
know about their free information kit
for a limited time qualified purchases
can earn up to an additional 10 grand in
precious metals for free through July
31st to find out if your purchase
qualifies contact Birch gold right now
go to birchgold.com slash pen again
speak to a Birch gold rep mention I say
it's birchgold.com slash been and the
offer only runs until July 31st terms
and conditions to apply ask your sales
representative for details go check it
out okay
so president Trump did a press
conference with Vladimir Putin yesterday
it was bad it was not a good press
conference the President of the United
States essentially sided with Vladimir
Putin over his own intelligence agencies
who lest we forget work for him hey
these are the people who work for him if
he doesn't like how the Intel agencies
are doing their job he can replace their
leadership which he has already done
with the FBI
yeah he has his own CIA head in there
the dude has all of the people he wants
in place so if he doesn't like his own
Intel agencies and what they're telling
him he has every capacity to find new
more honest intelligence agencies he's
not actually doing that which suggests
that he knows full well that the idea
that the Russians were attempting to
interfere in the election is true now
does that mean that the Russians
actually swung the election to trump no
doesn't mean that
from colluded with the Russians no but
the problem for President Trump is that
he is personally so egotistical that he
believes that any in any sort of a spur
any aspersion that is cast at the
presidential election of 2016
must be false because he believes that
he won fair and square and that means
that anybody any anything anybody says
about what went wrong in 2016 with the
Russians all of that is an attempt
merely to undermine his grand victory
and therefore anyone who claims that the
Russians were attempting to hack into
the election system basically all those
people are simply unwilling to accept
that Hilary lost listen I'm willing to
accept that Hilary lost and it is also
true that the Russians were attempting
to monkey with our elect our electoral
system and they're attempting to monkey
with our with our so election cycle with
the news cycle by hacking into the DNC
the DCCC and the Hillary Clinton
campaign while all of this manifested
itself in a pretty awful way yesterday
when President Trump got up to the
podium with Vladimir Putin a lot of
people soft-pedaling this today a lot of
people on the right particularly
suggesting that this wasn't a big deal
and none of it really matters yesterday
I said I'm not sure that it matters a
lot in terms of Vladimir Putin invading
other countries I'm not sure that it
matters a lot in terms of actual
hard-headed foreign policy but it does
matter in terms of the American
perception of our own intelligence
agencies and it matters with regards to
Vladimir Putin's perception that he can
play with Trump when it comes to
monkeying with our news cycle and
hacking into enemies of President Trump
President Trump did a real disservice
yesterday what he did was was really
rather unprecedented in modern American
history I don't mean completely
unprecedented because you do have Barack
Obama who sent pallets of cash to the
Iranian mullahs you do have Barack Obama
who pledged flexibility on a hot mic to
the Russian government but to go before
the entire world and suggest that your
own intelligence agencies are wrong and
a thug piece of human debris like
Vladimir Putin is right when he lies
about how he didn't hack into the DCCC
or the DNC or Hillary Clinton's campaign
when you do that you are doing a real
disservice to the American intelligence
agencies as well as to America in
general you can't do that well president
Trump did do it so Trump had this
presser with Vladimir Putin and he
starts off by saying our relationship
has never been worse but he solved it
our relationship has never been worse
than it is now
however that changed
as of about four hours ago okay well if
you really believe that four hours ago
the the change happened then you're in
the same category as george w bush who
said he looked into Vladimir Putin's
eyes and saw his soul or Barack Obama
who sent Hillary Clinton to bring a
reset button that was miss marked it
said something else on the button that
that's the same category so that in and
of itself it's foolish but it's not
particularly damaging then we get to the
damaging stuff so president Trump is
asked about the the sort of decline in
the relationship between Russia and the
United States and he did something that
if it came from the lips of Barack Obama
would have been perfectly predictable he
said everyone is to blame particularly
the United States I hold both countries
responsible I think that the United
States has been foolish I think we've
all been foolish we should I had this
dialogue a long time ago a long time
frankly before I got to office I think
we're all to blame and nobody signed up
for this when President Trump says
America first when he says make America
great again
it doesn't mean blame America first
America is not responsible in the
decline of the relationship with Russia
Vladimir Putin invaded two sovereign
states in the last ten years two of them
and the United States did very little
about it Vladimir Putin turned Iran into
a sphere of influence and Syria into a
sphere of influence and the United
States had very little about that now
was the United States wrong not to do
more about these things of course the
United States is wrong less to do more
about these things but that's sort of
like saying that the bus and the person
run over by the bus are equally
responsible for the accident
a pedestrian has the right-of-way the
United States is not responsible for
Vladimir Putin actually invading
surrounding countries and murdering
dissenting journalists and murdering
dissenting politicians the United States
not responsible for any of that stuff
and for Trump to suggest anything
different is Howard Zinn no I'm Chomsky
territory and then it gets worse so the
president is obviously very upset with
the Muller collusion investigation and
he has a right to be upset about that
because he says I didn't collude there's
not a lot of evidence to suggest that he
did collude at this point and so he
launches into a rant about how the probe
is a disaster for the country well the
problem is the probe is doing a couple
of things the probe is looking into the
possibility that the Trump campaign
works with Russia and Trump I think has
a right to be upset about that I think
he has a right to be upset with the idea
that the intelligence agencies has led
by people like P
struck were biased against him in their
attempt to pin Russian collusion on him
and his campaign I think has every right
to be upset about that but he does not
have a right to be upset about
intelligence agencies coming up with an
estimate that says that the Russians
hats the DNC and the DCCC and the
Hillary campaign all that is very well
verified all of our intelligence
agencies agree on that
so when Trump says that the probe is a
disaster for the country what he really
should be saying is any suggestion that
I colluded with Vladimir Putin is a
disaster for the country because it's
not true
well when he undermines the intelligence
agencies by throwing out the baby with
the bathwater he got a problem here he
is talking about the probe I think that
the the probe is a disaster for our
country there was no collusion at all
and that was a clean campaign I beat
Hillary Clinton easily there was no
collusion I didn't know the president
there was nobody to collude with there
was no collusion with the campaign okay
all of that is not great but it's not
the worst thing in the world then we get
to the actual worst quote okay the worst
quote is he says Vladimir Putin protests
and Putin says listen I have nothing to
do with this hacking he smoked me nyet
and it's not I had nothing to do with
any of this and Trump instead of saying
listen
Vladimir you and I disagree about this
my intelligence agencies came to a
different conclusion there my
intelligence agencies and I have to take
what they say at face value because
they're the ones who are doing this hard
work instead from takes his intelligence
agencies and he dumps them directly
under the bus it's really bad it's
really bad I people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be but I really
do want to see the server but I have I
have confidence in both parties so I
have great confidence in my intelligence
people but I will tell you that
President Putin was extremely strong and
powerful in his denial today and what he
did is an incredible offer okay this is
weak-kneed stuff this is weak it looks
like Trump got unmanned by Putin here
that's what it looks like just for any
objective viewer if you're not a Trump
fan if you are a Trump fan you at least
have to try and be objective as to what
happened
today Trump look like he was bullied by
Vladimir Putin on that podium he looked
like Vladimir Putin owned him on that
podium he makes a couple of statements
that are worthy of explication in that
particular quote so first the president
says I really do want to see the server
now this goes to his suggestion that the
DNC has not turned over its servers to
the FBI because the DNC is hiding
something so the theory goes something
like this
the FBI goes to the DNC and they say
listen we think you've been hacked by
the Russians and the DNC says no we're
not going to show you anything which
would be suspicious if that had been the
case if they'd said we're not going to
show you anything because we are trying
to hide something because we actually
leaked out these documents ourselves
seth rich or something then you'd be
suspicious but that's not actually what
happened okay let me give you the facts
on the DNC server because there's a lot
of fiction that's going around today and
I think that fostering that fiction is
not useful so the theory on the right
seems to be by some on the right and
Sean Hannity talked about it last night
on his show I think Sean is wrong
basically the theory on the right is
that show that the DNC is hiding
something so they didn't turn over their
servers to the FBI but the FBI somehow
came to the conclusion it was the
Russians anyway and here's what Trump
said yesterday said you have groups that
are wondering why the FBI never took the
server haven't they taken the server why
was the FBI told to leave the office of
the DNC I've been wondering that I've
been asking that for months and months
I've been tweeting it out calling it out
on social media where is the server I
want to know where is the server and
what is the server saying okay so here
is the real story about the server okay
a server is a physical entity you do not
have to grab a physical entity that has
on it computer materials and bring it
outside the offices of the DNC in order
to examine those materials in the same
way that you can remotely access your
computer from home the FBI has the
capacity to remotely access the material
on those servers The Daily Beast has a
pretty good look at this today and say
when cyber investigators respond to an
incident they capture the evidence in a
process called imaging they make an
exact byte for byte copy of the hard
drives they do the same for the machines
memory they capture evidence that would
otherwise be lost at the next reboot and
they monitor and store the traffic
passing through the victims network this
has been standard procedure and computer
intrusion investigations for decades the
images not the computers Hardware
provide the evidence both the DNC and
the security from CrowdStrike hired were
to respond to the breach have said
repeatedly over the years they gave the
FBI a copy of all the DNC images back in
2016 so the DNC didn't
have to turn over its physical servers
because they were still using those
during the campaign the FBI had access
to the imaging via CrowdStrike
and via the DNC James Comey said as much
in his testimony he said he wanted to
rekt access to the DNC servers for
purposes of accessing their live Network
and this is what the DNC turned the FBI
down now is that suspicious apparently
it's not all that uncommon according to
The Daily Beast when the computers
belong to a cooperating victim seizing
the machines is a pretty much out of the
question said James Harris a former FBI
cybercrime agent who worked on a 2009
breach at Google that's been linked to
the Chinese government in most cases you
don't even ask you just assume they're
gonna make forensic copies said Harris
now vice president of engineering at PFP
cyber like we have a computer company
here we have an Internet company
if the FBI wanted to investigate what we
would allow them to do is image all the
material we wouldn't allow them to take
all the servers out of our office we
couldn't do our work then so this isn't
anything nefarious per se the DNC was
not covering for a leak of material to
the Russians and a bunch of people say
what CrowdStrike crowd strikes a
democratic firm well not really
CrowdStrike is also used by the RNC so I
think it's important to get rid of
misinformation because it prevents
clarity okay I want everything that we
believe to be based at least on a
certain number of facts now in just
second I wanna get to Vladimir Putin's
response to all of this first I wanna
say thanks to our sponsors over at Peter
Millar so these folks make the best
clothing I mean this is just top of the
line Club this polo shirt that I'm
wearing right now this magnificent polo
shirt that is Peter Millar it's Comfort
it's fit its quality and its style
they're setting the standard in menswear
recently a proceeding with style tips
from the clothing guides at Peter Millar
if you are somebody who likes to golf or
somebody just likes to dress like you
like to golf well that's what Peter
Millar is about Peter Millar is about
quality and value and style it's the
most comfortable clothing that I've worn
I mean this this shirt is supremely
supremely comfortable right now I'm
wearing their performance polo you can
get that as well
again these polo shirts are really
comfortable they're really stylish I
also have their five pocket pants which
are excellent I have a pair of shorts
that I wear every weekend from Peter
Melara time I take my kids to Disneyland
am wearing the Peter Millar shorts the
performance polo I'm wearing right now
is supremely comfortable and so is all
their other clothing and it looks great
right now head over to Peter Millar comm
slash Ben and check out some of my Peter
Millar favorites and be sure to use my
link you'll receive complimentary
shipping as well as a free hat that's
Peter Millar mi ll AR comm slash Ben
Peter Moeller comm slash man one of the
reasons you want to use peter Millar is
because you don't need one thousand
pieces of clothing you just need a few
pieces of really nice clothing and
Peter Millar can do for you check it out
Peter Maillard comm slash Ben other
stuff is supremely comfortable as well
as stylish it's pretty awesome Peter
Millar comm slash Ben and you can get
complimentary shipping and a free hat as
well okay so Vladimir Putin responds to
President Trump and you can see he looks
like the the cat that just ate the
canary I mean you look it's he is so
gleeful he is so happy about all of this
here is Putin a dictatorial thug who
murders dissidents talking about how you
know there's there's no reason why
President Trump
shouldn't believe me I mean he's such a
weasel here's that you can hear the
translator here here's what Putin had to
say as to who is to be believed that
who's not to be believed you can trust
no one if you take this could you name a
single fact that would definitively
prove the collusion just like with
president okay you have to see the body
language I mean Putin is so comfortable
he's so happy up there I love that line
as to who is to be believed and who's
not to be believed you can trust no one
okay spoken like a former KGB agent and
then he was asked specifically if he
wanted Trump to win the election and
here's what he had to say isn't it
natural to be sympathetic towards a
person who is willing to restore the
relationship with our country who wants
to work with us now do I really think
that Vladimir Putin was attempting to
rig the election for Donald Trump in any
serious way no I believe the the
intelligence community's assessments
that he was attempting to mess with the
election in order to create chaos and
guess what he just created a lot more
chaos yesterday because now half the
country believes that Donald Trump is in
the pocket of Vladimir Putin now I don't
think Donald Trump is in the pocket of
Vladimir Putin I think that Donald Trump
is an egomaniac who likes being
