Time magazine proves you can't trust the
press political runs the worst story in
human history and Melania Don's a very
weird jacket i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
Oh many things to get to today first of
all want to mention that if you still
want tickets to our events in Dallas and
Phoenix coming up in August check those
out at Daley wired.com slash events
because the tickets are selling fast
we're almost sold out in Dallas and we
are approaching near sold-out in Phoenix
so go check that out also if you have
not been sleeping well the reason you've
not been sleeping well is not because of
all the problems in your life it's
because of your mattress and that's why
you need to speak with my friends over
at helix sleep they've developed a
mattress that is customized to your
specific height weight and sleep
preference so you can have the best
sleep of your life ok it's not just a
generic mattress it's something that is
made for you you go to helix sleep calm
you take their sleep quiz it asks you
questions like do you like to sleep on
your back or your side your stomach do
you like the mattress to be firm you
like it to be soft you like it heat
absorbance or do you like it breathable
and then they send it to you in a box
you unpack it inflates right in front of
you because it's foam you pop it on the
bed and you are good to go in 2018 helix
sleep has taken customized sleep to the
next level with the helix pillow they're
only pillows are fully adjustable so you
can achieve perfect comfort regardless
of sleep position or body type helix
sleep has thousands of five-star reviews
you get a hundred nights to try them out
as well so there's no risk involved to
go to helix sleep calm slash bed right
now you get up to 125 bucks toward your
mattress order that's helix sleep calm
slash Bend for 125 bucks off your
mattress order again helix sleep calm
slash men we have a helix sleep mattress
in our house it is just fantastic we
took the more expensive mattress moved
it out of the room replace it with a
helix sleep mattress they are just that
good helix sleep calm slash Ben and
you'll get up to 125 bucks off your
mattress order helix sleep calm slash
friends that slash pen to let them know
that we sent you alrighty so lot
happening today we begin with Time
magazine so you recall that Time
magazine put out a cover yesterday the
cover of their new magazine is all about
why Trump is an evil terrible person who
hates children because there's what Time
magazine does every other Time magazine
is some sort of nasty take on President
Trump sometimes merited most often not
so here was Time magazine's cover in
case you forget it was in fact a picture
of a little girl who's crying as her
mother stands there with Border Patrol
and then everything is erased and it
becomes read and then in front of her
you can see President Trump and then it
says welcome to America so it's a tiny
two-year-old kid screaming and crying
and president some kind of President
Trump kind of smugly grinning down at
her because he doesn't care about the
children
well well well it turns out that this
entire cover is a lie not only is the
cover wrong about President Trump's
policy which of course has been the
policy in the United States since a 2016
court's decision from the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals so dating all the way
back to the Obama administration kids
have been forcibly separated from
parents who are arrested for federal
charges it is also not true because this
girl was not even separated from her
mother so they took a picture of a
little girl and then they photoshopped
it in to a Allred cover with President
Trump in the foreground and it turns out
none of this is true the little girl is
from Honduras she was not separated from
her mother at all
she was crying because her mom was
crossing illegally into the United
States and about 11 p.m. and little girl
was tired and thirsty according to
Border Patrol
here's a Border Patrol agent explaining
to CBS what the actual story here was we
asked her to set the kit down in front
of her not away from em she was right in
front of her and so we can properly
search the mother so the kid immediately
started crying as he set it down I
personally went up to the mother and
asked her are you doing okay he's a kid
okay and she said yes she's tired I'm
thirsty it took less than two minutes as
soon as the search was finished she
immediately picked the girl up on the
girl immediately stopped crying okay
so the media took this photo and they
blew it up and they made it seem as
though the kid was crying because mommy
had just been trucked away to the Nazi
death camp by President Trump this is
what the media did they ran with this
story they ran with the picture they
didn't tell you the rest of the story by
the way the guy who's speaking there his
name is Carlos Ruiz so clearly this is a
white alt-right racist from the border
patrol who's talking about this
situation
hey here's Reuters reporting Reuters not
daily why a Reuters quote the Honduran
toddler pictured sobbing in a pink
jacket before US President Donald Trump
on an upcoming cover of Time magazine
was not separated from her mother at the
US border according to a man who says he
is the girl's father quote my daughter
has become a symbol of the separation of
children at the US border she may even
have touched president Trump's heart
Dennis Valera told Reuters in a
telephone interview the letter said the
little girl and her mother Sandra
Sanchez have been detained together in
the Texas border town of McGowan where
Sanchez has applied for asylum and they
were not separated after being detained
near the border Honduran Deputy Foreign
Minister Nellie Jerez confirmed Valera's
version of events well not only was this
kid not separated from mommy it turns
out that
mommy was falsely claiming asylum she
has not in fact a political dissident in
Honduras in fact she ran away from her
other three children in Honduras she
left them there with dad dad has a good
job mom was working they and yet all of
this was was passed around the internet
endlessly and we were told that this
time magazine cover was just
demonstrative of how America has gone
the wrong way about how everything is
falling apart our moral status has been
completely decimated it's been
completely decimated thanks to President
Trump and his evil and you see people on
the Left repeating this idiotic routine
odd ad nauseam so for example there is
this one woman who tweeted out one of
these stories that has now become
ubiquitous on Twitter where you asked
her five-year-old a wou question or the
you ask her $5 so this woman whose name
is Bethany Oakley she tweeted out I
asked my five-year-old if she wanted to
come to a protest with me this weekend
first of all the answer is always no
your five-year-old does not want to come
with you to a protest this weekend
because why would a five-year-old want
to go stand in the heat for some cause
they have no idea what it is
once I had explained what we were
protesting she looked at me with tears
in her eyes and said what if they take
me away to I don't know how to have
these conversations with my kids there's
a bethany oakley tweeted out and you see
this kind of stuff all over twitter all
the time this thing had 15,000 likes and
other 14,000 retweets because asking
woke five-year-olds about immigration
policy is the way we ought to make
immigration policy in the United States
I know that when I have a serious
question about health care I immediately
go to my four-year-old and I ask her to
break down Medicaid spending for me it's
it's it's a crucial element to know I
need to know what my four-year-old
thinks about the future of Social
Security but more than that I like to
lie to her it's my favorite thing just
like Bethany Oakley I like to lie to my
child I'd like to say honey if Social
Security isn't reformed by the time you
grow up to 30 you'll be living in a
deathly hellscape in the United States
in which small children are fed to dogs
and then when she cries then I say to
her honey I don't know how to have these
conversations with you I just don't now
here's the real way you have this
conversation with your kid your kid says
mommy are they going to take me away too
and you say no honey I didn't commit a
federal crime all right that's the
actual hey that conversation is the
separation of parents√≠ kids it ain't
happening unless of a federal crime has
been committed in this case the lady
claims asylum and she wasn't even
separated from the kid some lady falsely
claimed asylum
she wasn't separated from the kid she
didn't come up for political dissident
reasons and she wasn't mistreated by
Border Patrol so this story tells
exactly the reverse it tells exactly the
reverse of the story than the media
wanted to tell that the media ran with
it anyway because this is what they do
and then they wonder why we hate the
media they wonder why so many Americans
look at the media and say we can't trust
you they wonder why when President Trump
shouts CNN sucks and everybody starts
chanting along with him that people are
chanting that's not because of Trump
it's because the media have been fibbing
about stories like this for my entire
lifetime and it's not just with regard
to the immigration issue okay there's an
amazing story today that Hamas paid off
a woman who claimed that her baby was
dead okay during the Israeli an Israeli
tear gas attack okay this is story from
The Times of Israel this is how they how
corrupt the media are this is from The
Times of Israel a 20 year old
Palestinian indicted Thursday on terror
related charges told Israeli
investigators during his interrogation
that Hamas leader Yahya sin waar paid
his relatives who falsely tell the media
that his baby cousin died of tear gas
inhalation the story of baby Lila
gondor's death purportedly from inhaling
tear gas fired by Israel at the Gaza
border made headlines around the world
last month and intensified global
criticism of Israel's handling of Hamas
spurred violence at the fence on May
28th IDF forces arrested Mahmoud Omar
along with another member of Fatah armed
wing the al-aqsa Martyrs Brigades it's a
terrorist group after they attempted to
infiltrate into Israel and torsional
unmanned IDF post Omar had been acting
as the lookout the group did not manage
to carry out the attack as they came
under IDF fire during his questioning
umar told interrogators the details of
the planned attack and detailed his
involvement in other terror alert
activities the suspect also disclosed
that he was related to Lyla Ghandour the
eight month-old baby whose May 14th
death was originally reported to have
been caused by inhalation of tear gas
sprayed by Israeli forces at Gaza border
protestors the story of the baby's
purported death dominated global media
and it turns out that two weeks prior to
the arrest this guy was part of the
giant border riot and he said that Lyla
had died of a blood disease similar to
the one that took the life of the
deceased infants brother who succumb to
the condition at the same age in 2017
the entire media ran with the story that
Israel had murdered this child and it
turns out the kid died of a blood
condition and then you wonder why no one
trusts the folks in the media is because
the media suck at their jobs stop
sucking air jobs and will trust you more
or when you get it wrong corrected
running with
blanket stories that are provided by
Hamas or running with stories about a
picture that isn't even based on reality
you know in which a mother put down her
kid for two minutes and the baby was
hungry and then the mother picked the
baby back up and then you take that
picture and you make it look like the
kid is crying about Donald Trump's
immigration policy no wonder we don't
trust you my favorite my favorite story
about lack of trust in the media today
comes courtesy of Politico so you know
that the media may be out to get you
when they start dredging up people you
went to third grade with I am not
kidding this is what Politico did today
Politico found some idiot named John
Muller okay John Muller who is the head
of a new Muller investigation he was
formerly a lecturer at Harvard Law
School which says very poor things about
my alma mater and he writes and studies
philosophy in Wisconsin he wrote a story
today quote I sat on the other side of
Stephen Miller's first wall Stephen
Miller of course is President Obama's
chief consultant when it comes to
immigration issues very close with Jeff
Sessions originally he was Jeff Jeff
Sessions his chief of staff before he
moved over to the Trump administration
proper this story is just insane so here
is a 900 word story in Politico by a guy
who went to third grade with Steve
Miller now you might think well maybe he
has something revelatory to tell us
about Stephen Miller maybe it turns out
that Stephen Miller in his off hours
killed puppies in the backyard
maybe Stephen Miller was the kind of kid
who tortured animals right like that
would actually be like a relevant story
but no that's not what the story is at
all
here's the story quote it was the year
he sat next to me in third grade it's
hard to say how much a kid's behavior
and third grade can really tell you
about the inner workings of his soul no
it's not hey third graders are idiots
okay they're their stupid little idiots
okay the idea that that's going to tell
you anything about the working of a
third grader stole again unless they are
torturing puppies or engaging in
pathological behavior there's it tells
you nothing okay third graders like pee
on themselves they smell like I love
kids
but let's not pretend that they're great
like I looked at you in third grade and
I knew from that moment that you were
destined to be the immigration leader in
the United States
okay No third grade was so stupid I
skipped it okay so here is the here is
what this idiot says surely the well
documented indicators of Miller's all
right beginnings in middle school high
school in college have less
impressionistic connections to his
current behavior but here is what I
remember I'm gonna read you the rest of
the story in a second because it is so
good and when I say it is so good I mean
it is so intensely stupid first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at the u.s. ECA so you're a gun
lover which means it's time to listen up
did you enter to win your brand-new gun
from the US ECA yet look you're a
law-abiding Second Amendment loving
American citizen that means you should
be able to protect your family protect
your home protect your neighbors and the
u.s. ECA is gonna help you do that
right now you're about to miss the
deadline they're gonna Day Giveaway ends
really soon you can get up to 17 chances
to win your gun daily but only if you
act right now it could be 17 kimber 17
Glock 17 Springfield 17 ar-15s head over
to defend my family now calm to reveal
which gun you could be taking home today
and hurry because today's gun disappears
at midnight tonight the u.s. ECA wants
to get more guns into the hands of
responsibly armed Americans like you
that can help educate you about guns
they can help provide you the services
you need in case god forbid you actually
have to fire that gun at somebody they
are here to help train and protect the
protectors so don't put it off don't
miss your chance cover to defend my
family now calm because you could win a
new gun every single day again that is
defend my family now calm and remember
you have only until midnight tonight to
win today's gun tonight isn't that that
gun goes off the market it's a new gun
tomorrow defend my family now calm again
defend my family now calm us CCA does
wonderful work you should join them
regardless but right now you have the
added benefit of being able to answer to
win a gun which is pretty awesome defend
my family now calm go check it out okay
so back to this idiotic article from
from John Muller and his Muller
investigation it's the new Muller
investigation over Politico because it
about Stephen Miller being a third
grader because of our last name Stephen
and I shared a desk we are not friends
though he weren't exactly enemies either
our teacher miss Fisk had the class
write stories each week with vocabulary
words and sometimes she let us read them
aloud I wrote a series of stories about
a mixed-up chicken named Jeremy I am not
kidding this is in Politico I felt
proudest that year when I got to read my
stories in class and they made the other
kids laugh but it was difficult to make
Stephen laugh you understand truth is
what it says not joking it was difficult
to make see he wouldn't laugh at the
kids mixed up chicken stories this is
how he knew from the very beginning that
Stephen Miller wanted to imprison
illegal immigrants in Japanese
internment conditions I found him
difficult to reach at all and so it
seemed did most everyone else he was
frequently distracted vacillating
between total disinterest and everything
around him my stories of course included
this person's really pissed as Stephen
Miller didn't laugh at the mixed-up
chick of the stories my goodness
total disinterest and everything around
him my story's included this is a
highlight of his life these mixed up
chicken stories was all downhill from
the mixed-up chicken the stories about a
guy named Jeremy was a mixed-up chicken
and completely
why don't we trust the media I don't
understand and complete obsession with
highly specific tax that could protest
they could only be for performed alone
he was especially obsessed with tape and
glue again
this is in one of the most prestigious
political magazines in America along the
midpoint of our desks Stephen laid down
a piece of voice masking tape explaining
that it marked the boundary of our sides
and that I was not to cross it the
formality of this struck me as odd I was
a fairly neat kid at least at school and
I'd never spread my things to his side
of the desk Stephen meanwhile could not
have been much messier his side of the
desk was sticky and peeling littered
with scraps of paper misshapen erasers
and pencil nubs if there's adhesive
division kept Stephen on his side of the
desk I was all for it as unfriendly as
it seemed but instead the tape became an
attractive nuisance Stephen picked at it
with his fingernails methodically in a
mixture of absent-mindedness and what
seemed like channelled hostility you
could sense how much he hated Mexicans
by the way who's picking at the tape in
third grade on his desk unbelievable
this this guy's insight is just
incredible this process left and if this
process of a Faceman left a thin layer
of sticky grime not altogether
dissimilar from the rest of Stephens
desk he was grimy he was disgusting in
third grade
Stephen rubs his fingers over this layer
