the Roy Moore campaign is on the rails
after another accuser emerges plus the
left finally acknowledged that Bill
Clinton is probably erasing a rapist but
they don't seem to acknowledge just why
they ignored it in the first place we'll
discuss all of it i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show okay so the
latest news is that Senate Republican
contender from Alabama Roy Moore was hit
with another allegation yesterday a very
credible allegation from a woman who is
now 55 years old she says when she was
16 years old Roy Moore essentially tried
to rape her we'll talk about that but we
will also talk about this this op-ed
from the New York Times the truly is
astonishing I think shows just why the
evil people in politics are gonna
continue to gain credibility and in
actually gain in in the public
consciousness as opposed to losing the
public consciousness it's an article
from the earth Times that's truly
astonishing tonight but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
zip recruiter so when we're looking to
fill a position over at the Daily wire
well let people know about it on Twitter
well let people know about it on
Facebook but we will also let people
know about it on zip recruiter because
zip recruiter is the best way to recruit
for a job with zipper query can post
your job to over 100 of the web's
leading job boards with just one click
zip recruiter puts it smart matching
technology to work actively notifying
qualified candidates about your job
within minutes of posting so you receive
the best possible matches that's why zip
recruiter is different unlike other
hiring side zip recruiter does not
defend dependent on the right candidates
finding you it finds them instead 80% of
employers who post on zip recruiter get
a quality candidate through the site in
just one day zip recruiter is the
smartest way to hire and right now if
you go to zip recruiter dot-com slash
daily Wire my listeners can post jobs on
zip recruiter for free
so zip recruiter comm slash daily Wire
pretty special offer you can host your
job on zip recruiter comm slash daily
wire for free and that way you can get
all the qualified candidates coming
right through the front door you don't
have to worry about it clogging up your
email box instead you have a platform
that you can use in order to go through
those candidates it really is fantastic
zip recruiter comm slash daily Wire
check it out that also lets them know
that we set you okay so I want to start
with this article from New York Times
I'll get to the allegations against Roy
Moore in just a second but first I want
to give you the background because a lot
of people on the left
wondering why is it that so many people
on the right why is it that so many
people on the right are constantly you
know making excuses for bad behavior on
their own side this seemed like a a
question that was being asked a lot
during the last election cycle I asked
it too I said you know we were the party
that said the character mattered
we were the party that suggested that
that the President of the United States
should not be involved in sexual
misconduct and now we're nominating
Donald Trump and I thought that was an
open honest question but the reality is
that many people on the right as I
discussed yesterday are responding
directly to the left embrace of Bill
Clinton the bill clinton years broke the
country as far as the question as
whether character matters in their
politicians there are always two
perspectives on where the character
matter in politicians going all the way
back to the founding there is the
delegate version of representation and
there was the sort of responsibility
version of representation so the
delegate version of representation goes
like something like this the character
of the person you elect doesn't matter
so long as they do what you want and
this matter if they're a good person
doesn't matter if they're a smart person
so long as they are doing your bidding
you could elect a dog to basically hit a
button in the Senate and you'd be just
fine all right this is the delegate
model of representation then there's
what the founders thought Edmund Burke
philosopher John Stuart Mill thought
this that when you elect a
representative the whole point of having
a representative government as opposed
to a democratic government is that a
democratic government is all about the
idea that the people get to vote on
every issue a representative government
is about the idea the elect
representatives so you can delegate to
them the responsibility to do
independent thinking independent
research and come to their own
conclusions so that means you have to
trust the character of the people that
you actually elect this is why there's
an inscription on the Whitehouse from
John Adams that says may none but good
and wise men sit in this house
essentially the idea that character was
innately bound with good legislation was
something the founders really believed
it was part of American politics for
centuries that broke down during the
Clinton years because they're even
Clinton years they're been bad people
who were president before JFK was a bad
guy LBJ was a bad guy
all right there were lots of people who
were bad guys who were president before
but it had never been part of the public
consciousness just how disgusting some
of these politicians were the press did
not cover at all the allegations against
JFK instead they turned him into a white
knight on a shining horse and or
iron shining down a white horse or
whatever they're the phrases and in case
when Clinton came about and all the
allegations started to break about what
a disgusting person he was the left came
to his defense and what the left says
everyone lies about sex they said that
the accusers were a bunch of they were
 and nuts right this was
legitimately a phrase that was used they
were a little bit not even a little bit
 this was one of the things that
some of the Clinton defenders were
saying people like Nina Burleigh from
Time magazine she was saying that she
didn't care about Clinton's sexual
peccadilloes because she would be
willing to offer the president oral sex
so long as he kept abortion legal so
this is a very lowbrow way of saying
that it's the delegate model of
representation so long as he votes the
way I want it doesn't matter if the guy
is a complete scumbag
well now that logic has turned in on
itself for the Democrats because so many
people on the right are basically saying
the same thing now they're basically
saying who cares how ROI more votes
right this is the david horowitz
perspective or rather who cares how roy
more acts who cares if you tried to rape
a fourteen-year-old girl Luttrell who
cares if each a sexually assaulted a
sixteen-year-old none of that matters so
long as he votes the right way at
abortion and the left is objecting to
this I think rightly so so now what is
the left doing it responds well now the
left is trying to rewrite history
they're trying to explain why they
defended Bill Clinton but they think
that it's absolutely wrong to defend Roy
Moore or Donald Trump on their
allegations against them and so what
they've decided to do as their solution
is throw Bill Clinton under the bus but
defend their behavior at the time so
there's a piece by Michelle Goldberg at
the New York Times that is astonishing
and it's in its unconscious honesty
about how the left view to Bill Clinton
so I'm gonna go through it because I
think that this informs you want to know
why we are where we are in politics it
is because of things that happened when
I was a child it's because of the it's
because of the 1990s when the entire
political left decided the character no
longer counted and then the right
learned a lesson that if character no
longer counted it shouldn't count for
anybody so here is is what Michelle
Goldberg read she says on Friday evening
the MSNBC host Chris Hayes sends out a
tweet that electrified online
conservatives quote as gross and cynical
and hypocritical as the writes what
about Bill Clinton's stuff is it's also
true that Democrats and the central left
are overdue for a real reckoning with
the allegations against him he's as
sweet inspired stories on Glenn Beck's
the blaze Breitbart and The Daily Caller
all apparently eager to use the Clinton
scandals to derail the discussions about
Roy Moore the Republican nominee for the
US Senate in Alabama who's accused of
sexually assaulting minors well
that's not accurate that the right was
talking about Bill Clinton during the
Roy Moore stuff because they were trying
to dismiss allegations against Roy Moore
I was one of the first people to see the
road more should step out of the race
and I was mentioning Bill Clinton cuz I
was pointing out too hypocrisy of the
left in going after Roy Moore I was
saying that they should embrace his
standard where they throw Bill Clinton
overboard - and Ted Kennedy and JFK and
Harvey Milk and all the people who are
molesting you know young women all these
people should be thrown overboard by the
left if they hope wish to remain
consistent here the left doesn't wanna
remain consistence they're gonna accuse
us of hypocrisy even if I'm not a
hypocrite even if I think the Roy Moore
is guilty
in any case Michele Bloomberg continues
despite the rights evident bad faith I
agree with Hayes in this hashtag me to a
moment when we're reassessing decades of
male this behavior and turning open
secret syntax pose A's we should look
clearly at the credible evidence that
Juanita Broderick told the truth when
she accused Clinton of raping her slow
clap for coming to the correct
conclusion 25 years after the fact slow
clap for that
Juanita Broderick came out with her
allegations in like 1992 and she alleged
that Bill Clinton took her into a room
and forced himself on her and physically
raped her and then there was a dinner
afterward that she attended where
Hillary Clinton came up to her patted
her on the pan and she said thank you
for all you do me didn't keep her mouth
shut the left for two decades has been
ignoring Juanita Broderick and
pretending that Juanita Broderick didn't
exist during the last election cycle
when the Trump campaign brought up La
Nina Broderick the media quashed
interviews with Juanita Broderick they
said this is old news why would we cover
this only now when the elections are
over and when they're trying to look to
weaponize all sexual allegations against
the rights they finally admit that that
this stuff happened against Bill Clinton
Michelle Goldberg continues revisiting
the Clinton scandals in light of today's
politics is complicated as well as
painful it isn't complicated condemned
rapists condemned sexual assaulters I
have my entire career she says Democrats
are guilty of apologizing for Clinton
when they shouldn't have at the same
time and here here's where you start
getting the excuses here where you get
here's where you got the yeah sure we
crapped all over money to Broderick and
Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey and
Monica Lewinsky sure we we dumped heaps
of garbage on them and destroyed their
lives sure we did all the things but you
know why we did that we did that because
of the right
because the write was politicized that's
why we did it she has at the same time
looking back at the smear campaign
against the Clintons shows we can't
treat the feminist injunction to believe
women as absolutes the believe woman has
in quotes at her inner peace okay so the
idea here is that the smear campaign
against the Clinton means that you get
to crap all over a bunch of credible
allegations okay the same exact logic
what's hilarious is this article is
supposed to be kind of against more the
exact same logic could be used for Roy
Moore right the people who are defending
Roy Moore today say that this is a smear
campaign launched by The Washington Post
and left-wing media thirty days before
an election in order to get Roy Moore
that's the that's what they are alleging
so by her logic the right should look at
Roy Moore and say well maybe these
accusers are full of it I mean after all
this is a smear campaign from the left
obviously they're trying to win the
Senate seat it's amazing amazing even at
the same time they're throwing Bill
Clinton under the bus and now they can
throw Bill Clinton under the bus in
complete safety Hillary Clinton has lost
the presidency Bill Clinton is not the
first lady there that they can take his
desiccated political corpse and throw it
out the window of the Train no problem
whatsoever but even when they do that
they have to blame the right for it they
have to suggest that because the right
was trying to smear Clinton that bad
that these women should not be believed
it's an incredible statement it
demonstrates full scale the immorality
of the left on these particular issues
really amazing stuff writing it crooked
calm right Butler Bueller learns that in
future elections right when propaganda
will exploit the progressive commitment
to always taking sexual charges sexual
abuse charges seriously it's easy to
imagine an ally like Breitbart
leveraging the believe women rallying
cry to force mainstream media coverage
of dubious accusations wait a second
it's easy to imagine Breitbart doing
that it's easy to imagine Breitbart
doing that okay this is what the entire
right is accused or the entire right
accused the the media of doing with with
Donald Trump and Herman Cain and
Clarence Thomas and a bunch of other
Republican figures and now it's the
right-wing media that's gonna militarize
this the Clinton years
this piece continues in which a Piston
epistemological warfare emerged as a key
part of the Republican political arsenal
shows us why we should be wary of
allegations that bubble up from the
right-wing press so she starts off by
saying I believe one Neena Broderick and
then she defends eight paragraphs
explaining why she shouldn't have
believed Juanita Broderick fishes at the
time the reactionary billionaire Richard
melons
was bankrolling the Arkansas project
which David Brock the former right-wing
journalist who played a major role in it
described as the multi-million dollar
dirty tricks operation under the clinic
was even Brock the head of media matters
and now a multi-million dollar dirty
tricks operation against Republicans as
various figures in conservative media
accused Bill Clinton murder drug running
and using state troopers as pimps Barack
alleges that right-wing figures funneled
money to some of Clinton's accusers okay
does that mean that you can't believe
the accusers because what she seems to
be saying is you shouldn't believe them
so do you believe that Maddie I believe
them here's her here's what she
concludes in this environment it would
have been absurd to take accusations of
assault and harassment made against
Clinton at face value
really would have been absurd take one
Dida Broderick at face value would have
been absurd as a Paula Jones at face
value or Kathleen Willey at face value
when they made credible allegations of
rape and sexual assault when it was that
really that absurd because um no it
wasn't no it was not right she's she
says that Willie accused it not only
Bill Clinton of groping her and rubbing
his erect penis on her and pushing her
hand to his crotch but accused the
Clintons of having her husband and then
her cat killed must believe that too the
answer's no you don't have to believe
that allegation but you have to disprove
the other one right half that you have
to at least I thought that the idea
behind me too is that we have to at
least take seriously the other
allegation and she's then she dismisses
the Paula Jones stuff even though Bill
Clinton settled for hundreds of
thousands of dollars out of court she
says that Paula Jones's claim must have
been nonsense as well and then she
finishes this way this is amazing she
says of the Clinton accusers the one who
haunts me is Broderick the story she
tells about Clinton recalls those we've
heard about Weinstein
she claimed they plans to meet up in a
hotel coffee shop but the last minute he
asked to come up to her hotel room
instead where he raped her five
witnesses says she confided in them
mouthy assault right after it happened
it's true she denied the rape in
affidavits Paula Jones his lawyers
before changing her story when talking
to federal investigators but her
explanation that she didn't want to go
public but couldn't lie to the FBI make
sense put simply I believe her so buried
in this article about believing Juanita
Broderick is the fact that she thinks
Bill Clinton's a rapist but most of the
article is why it was okay not to
believe bill Clint was a rapist when the
allegations were made why because that
would have helped the right but she
concludes this way she says it's fair to
conclude that because of Broderick's
allegations Bill Clinton no longer has a
place in decent society okay if you
think that didn't he no longer have a
place in decent
25 years ago when he was running for
president seems to me rapists didn't
have a place in decent society in 1992
the same way they don't since 2017
because we should remember it's not
simply partisan tribalism that led
liberals to doubt her discerning what
might be true in a blizzard of lies
isn't easy and the people who spread
those lies don't get to claim the moral
high ground we should err on the side of
believing women but sometimes that
belief will be used against us
well then you're not erring on the side
of believing women are you I love that
line we should remember it's not simply
partisan tribalism that led liberals to
doubt her it was simply partisan
tribalism that led people to doubt
whadya Broderick that's what the entire
thing was about there is no question
that that is what the entire thing was
about and now they're accusing the right
of the same thing with some degree of
truth with some degree of truth but this
started on the left and then it infected
the right that doesn't mean the
infection on the right is okay it isn't
it's disgusting okay just because
somebody just because the left-hand
political herpes and now the right has
acquired political herpes does not make
political herpes good but to pretend
that this is something that's unique on
the right or the left it now has the
capacity to say they're herpes have been
cured at the same time they're defending
their acquisition of herpes to begin
with is disgusting okay before I go any
further we're gonna talk about Roy Moore
and what's happening with Roy Moore who
clearly needs to step down from this
race or we'll talk about that in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsor is over at saucy so if
all of this makes you feel like you need
a drink because I do
that's why you need saucy it's the
alcohol delivery app they deliver your
