when you are in the mind of the
character you're there you're just
completely believing what he says in
that way you let the story go you let it
go you you're here with your beliefs
you're here with your vision you let the
story go and just tell itself hey hey
and welcome this is the Ben Shapiro show
Sunday special with special guest Andrew
Clavin who you may know from such things
as me pitching membership at the Daily
wire we'll get to all of that but first
let's talk about your quality of sleep
so there is nobody on the planet like
you so why would you buy a generic
mattress built for someone else helix
sleep has built a sleep quiz it takes
two minutes to complete they use the
answers to match your body type and
sleep preferences to the perfect
mattress whether your side sleeper or
your hot sleeper you like a plush or
firm bed with helix there's no more
guessing and no more confusion just go
to helix sleep calm slash bed and guest
you take their two minutes sleep quiz
and they will match you to a mattress
that will give you the best sleep of
your life four couples
helix can even split that mattress down
the middle they can provide individual
support needs and fuel preferences for
each side they've a 10-year warranty you
get to try it out for a hundred nights
risk-free so you really have nothing to
lose right now helix is offering up to
125 bucks off all mattress orders again
that's up to 125 bucks off at helix
sleep comm slash been guest because I
have a guest that's helix sleep calm
slash been guest for 125 bucks off your
mattress order my wife and I have a
helix sleep mattress we'd sleep on it
every evening and it is fantastic it's
so good that when my sister got married
we got her a helix sleep mattress as
well it's a luxury mattress at a nominal
cherry price helix sleep calm
been guests and you get 125 bucks off
your mattress order helix sleep calm
slash been guest drew I have to start by
asking you what the heck is another it's
it's a story about a this kind of little
schlub a nebbish
in hollywood who's come out to be a big
film maker a little bit of success and
they're all melted away and now he's
turning 30 he's not happy he knows he
can see he's going down that road where
he's never gonna quite make it never
gonna pull away Hollywood is filled with
people like this and everything is just
kind of going wrong in his life and one
day he opens the door walks through the
door and he finds himself in a locked
room in a medieval castle a dead body on
the floor and a bloody dagger in his
hand
and the cards kick down the door grab
him drag him throw him into a dungeon
and tell him he's going to trial for his
life and he can't he can't believe
thinks he must have a brain to him and
the weird thing that keeps happening to
him is every now and again he'll go
through another door he'll be back in
Hollywood like a minute later a second
later than no time passes and in
Hollywood he finds that people are
hunting him all of a sudden and he has
no idea why and so these two mysteries
were unfolding on - in two completely
different worlds and yet somehow this
one character there's nobody
this guy that nobody's ever heard of
nobody ever would hurt Europe is somehow
holding these two worlds together and
holding these two mysteries together and
has to find the answer before he gets
himself killed so how do you come up
with the ideas for these fictional
worlds especially this one normally been
doing hard-boiled fiction and this one
is is hard well fiction slash fantasy
which is a really interesting mashup
this one you know I only recently
realized how this book came to be
because it's happened so organically and
looking back on it it's actually a big
experience I mean I was a crime writer
that's all I ever did was crime and
suspense and and I would turn out a book
every year to two years but I was always
working on a novel and then I got to the
point where I wrote my memoir the great
good thing and without even noticing it
I stopped I stopped writing I didn't
even notice it was happening because I
was continually writing short stories I
wrote a couple of books that I didn't
publish that I threw away and only
looking back on it that I realized that
writing that memoir I had finally put
down all the stuff that I had been
thinking about and had worked out all
the problems that made my fiction tick
because you're always as a novelist
you're actually writing beyond what you
know because you're actually working
ideas out in stories in the story form
so you're not you're not saying like oh
here's a story that's gonna be about X Y
& Z you're saying here's a story about a
guy doing this and only later do you
realize oh it was kind of about X Y & Z
that I've been thinking about on this
side so when I wrote the great good
thing I actually caught up with myself
and I realized now I've answered all
these questions that powered all the
stories of my youth I didn't have
anything else really to say and when I
was becoming a Christian one of the
repeated thoughts that was going through
my mind was oh Lord
don't let me become a Christian novelist
because you know what they're like that
horrible horrible stuff
like like oh I lost my bunny but Jesus
brought it back so I didn't want to do
that and I wrote two novels that were
essentially Christian novels that I
didn't like and one of them I tried and
tried to rewrite and I tried again and
again I was sitting at a table in my
living room with a manuscript and I
caught on the coffee table and this
notepad trying to fix it and I realize
I'm gonna have to throw this book out
I've been working on this but for years
we have to throw this book away and
almost simultaneously another kingdom
went bang just dropped into my mind and
it came in hole and my process is
usually I get a little idea I put it
away for six months it comes back it's
bigger it gets bigger over a course
every year it finally flushes out it was
all there and when I sat down to write
it I thought well I have an entire story
is there and so I really didn't realize
what had happened but I wasn't gonna
look a gift horse in the mouth and I
just started writing the story out and
it came very organically the world
created itself like I didn't even sit
there normally I'm very very picky and
do a lot of outlines and here's where
this city is gonna be here's where that
cities gonna be all of it just worked
itself out and in an instant you know
and I realized that my subconscious had
solved this problem it had solved the
problem of how to write a book once you
have gotten to a point where you
actually have a belief system because
belief systems kill fiction you know the
world fiction is like the world you can
put any number of beliefs onto the world
that that work you know and fiction
should be the same way it should show
life so honestly that Aniela scan look
at a work by a fiction by a Christian
and say like yeah I understand that and
it kind of he thinks he's Christian but
the story is not all our stuff and I
needed to get beyond that and I think
the thing about another Kingdom is it
because it works on two levels because
it's a very realistic thriller story
very gritty we kind of knew our thriller
story and also this very almost
old-fashioned medieval you know a
fantasy story it's these two levels in
in my own mind talking to one another
the fact that I am a realist I believe
that the world is a material world I
believe that everything can be explained
through materialism that every piece of
our bodies can you know I could trade
every thought in my mind the same time I
believe that there is a new mineral
plane that where the spirit lives and
that that our flesh tells a story about
our flesh is telling a story about the
spirit you know and so it actually
allowed me to write that without ever
writing a Christian book so how did you
avoid becoming didactic because I
noticed that you know I've written a
bunch of non-fiction books I wrote one
fiction book it was much harder for me
than writing nonfiction
yeah because nonfiction is me expressing
my views and exploring philosophy but
fiction it's like well am I supposed to
be veiling the idea or am I supposed to
be telling a story and if I tell a story
I'm why am I getting bored with my own
story how did how did you bridge that
gap between now you have a set worldview
but still being interested in the
fiction that you're writing yourself
because it seems to me that's sometimes
the number one barrier of being a writer
is being interested in what you're doing
on a daily basis that's it you have to
put it aside you actually have to put it
aside you have to trust yourself to see
the world as you see it but you have to
love your characters you have to let
your characters live the life they live
you know you can't you can't write a
Macbeth who doesn't actually believe in
what he's doing you can't write a
villain who doesn't actually think like
he's right some level you know who isn't
actually know you're an idiot for being
the good guy I've got I figured it out
you know you have to live with that so
there's an element of almost method
acting in it where when you are in the
mind of the character you're there
you're just completely believing what he
says in that way you let the story go
you let it go you you're here with your
beliefs you're here with your vision you
let the story go and just tell itself
what's your process for writing I mean
you said that you do a lot of outlining
does that turn it workman like or did
you actually sit down and you just kind
of let it flow it's the only part of my
work I hate the outlining I mean it's
boring it's you know it's close work and
you just have to sit there and do it
there's no excitement no character in it
even though I write a lot of biographies
for characters and things like that
however if you do that work I've now
learned when you sit down to write
you're free you know you know that in
this scene the guy is gonna you know run
down that hallway and he's gonna find
such-and-such and you don't have to sit
there stare at that blank screen which
is of course the nightmare of every
writer writer has so I do do that I do a
lot of prep work and it's really helpful
and what I now try to do is I try and do
it a little bit of
day because it's just so excruciating
it's just the one part of the job I love
my work and I really do love it and I
but it's the one part of the job I just
think I got to do this I got to work it
out so what's your schedule on a
day-to-day basis because you come in
here you don't get a lot of sleep you
coming here you do your podcast and then
you're writing hours and hours a day how
do you first of all how do you clear the
time and second of all so take me from
you wake up to you go to bed base what's
your schedule during your normal day
well I wake up I wake up at the you know
5:15 five to the thirty yet aweful I
know and the first thing I do like I say
hello to my wife and I grab my iPad I
start reading the news you know what's
going on guess catching up on everything
and I do that pretty solidly until I
start to prep the show which you know
I'm prepping the show by around 6:30
plus you know and and then I do that I
stop I stop for maybe about 45 minutes
to do kind of faith stuff I read the
Gospels and in Greek which I'm so proud
of I taught my school creaking and and
then I read some Old Testament some
faith you know other other kinds of
stuff and then come in and do the show
and then I go home right you know and I
somebody asked me how do I got along
with no sleep and I told them I take
naps while other people are expressing
their opinions but but yeah no I I just
keep going and then I'm done by about
7:00 so I'm working a long day but I'm
sure you do too I'm working like a 1214
hours yeah I mean what time you go to
sleep normally I go to sleep late
because I don't sleep a lot so I go to
how do you deal with how you work oh
yeah yeah I just on coffee I mean those
do you use any of it no I've never taken
anything like that I take I don't drink
that much coffee I drink like two two
and a half cups of coffee there you know
and like I just don't sleep I don't like
going to bed I don't like being asleep
you know I feel like I'm missing
something you know one of those internet
phrases fear of missing out so I kind of
like I felt the same way and then I have
young kids you know I can avoid it
I couldn't wait for them to go there
that for sure but then it's like now I
just need to fall over because maybe I
ragged and and I do take cat naps that
was the one thing when I was a little
kid Thomas Edison was my hero
and he always he took cat naps I think I
modeled that on him so that really helps
okay so let's go through some of your
faith journey because you know the
obviously that's shaping how you're
seeing the world in terms of your
fiction writing and you have a pretty
interesting faith journey obviously you
and I ended up in very separate places
but but you you started off you're born
into a Jewish family I've said to you
before we've had this conversation but
you you were born into extraordinarily
secular Jewish family right so and now
obviously you're religious Christians
how do you get from point A to point B
well the weird thing about my family was
there was secular but it was also
committed to my father at least was
committed to the traditions so we went
to Hebrew school we were bar Mitzvahed
we learned this stuff but it did occur
to me that I've always had this I don't
call it an obsession that's a little too
much but I've always had this idea that
things should make sense if things don't
make sense you should change your mind
and and part of that was because of a
kind of dysfunctional atmosphere in my
house where we were taught a lot of
philosophical ideas that were just
untrue and and it's very damaging you
know because you don't want to tear away
from your family but at the same time
you want to find the truth and so I
became kind of obsessed with finding the
truth so you there praying and you're
there learning Hebrew which is not my
language and you're there wearing the
you know the Hat and the thing you think
well if there's no God and my mother was
a stone atheist and my father was just
kind of like you know he didn't want to
even want to get in trouble with God but
like he wasn't exactly believin to me
that and and after when I stress I think
well this is ridiculous this is
ridiculous so after my bar mitzvah I
mean that was kind of the turning point
I was bar Mitzvahed I got thousands of
dollars worth of gifts that I put in
this box and one day I got up and threw
the box away because with everything in
it and I just thought like you know this
the old lady at the end of Titanic yeah
exactly
it'll gotten games you know this is not
what I I wanted I didn't really I expect
it to live my life as a sort of
intellectual agnostic you know like the
way I mean I think this kind of it was
the default position of thinking men and
my day you know and it's kind of still
is still now is that yeah right and I
and I think that was going to be it that
was
really my position which is very
flattering to the intellectual mind
because you can analyze everything into
dust if you just no matter how small the
point is you can break it up into even
smaller pieces because you don't have
that bottom line there has to be meaning
there has to be more ality that has me
the problem was when I was 19 I read
crime and punishment
and it convinced me that the moral world
existed it convinced me that cotton was
right there was the starry sky above and
the moral law within and that was that
was undeniably true and because of that
I kept circling around where does this
morality and meaning come from and I'm
not I wasn't satisfied with things I
hear from guys like our pal Jordan
Peterson the the Italian philosopher
marchello Peres you know I say just live
as if there were God I think to live as
if there were a god is essentially to
want the conclusions of a syllogism
whose premises you don't accept right
and it just makes no sense and so again
everything had to make sense to me
and and ultimately I mean I had when I
was a kid I've lived like these two
lives I had terrible emotional problems
because I had a terrible relationship
with my father my my household was
dysfunctional in this very invisible way
there's not a lot of violence there's
not a lot of hatred it was just this
kind of invisible dysfunction and so I
cracked up you know there came a point
when I was like 28 years old I just
stopped working basically I just went
boom you know something's wrong and at
that point which was would have been the
smart point to seize hold of God like a
piece of driftwood floating by in the
ocean I thought like well that then I'll
never believe because it'll always be
this thing I did because I was weak
because I was down on my luck because I
was broken it'll always be this crutch
that I see used to hold up it's just
really how stubborn I was about things
making sense you know and and so instead
by the grace of God I found a shrink who
cured me and I always laugh about this
I'm the only person I've ever known it
was cured by psyche but but he did you
know it within the course of like 2 3
years of talking to this guy I was a
completely different human being and it
was only then when I felt sane when I
felt certain that my impressions were
correct when I felt certain that I was
not
in a delusional life that it seemed
obvious to me that there was God because
of my moral stance in the stance that if
everybody on earth there was a time
there was a time when everybody on earth
believed this slavery was right even the
slaves they would have said yeah I don't
want to be the slave but this is the way
things are at that time slavery was
wrong and once you say that you're
screwed with God wise I mean you cannot
you cannot get away from the idea that
somewhere there is this moral base this
base of meaning and this is the thing
that's become fascinating to me now
because they're guys like you and me who
actually believe but we're kind of
anomalies in the world of the thinking
man I think there's a there is right now
the world of the thinking man's divided
by into two on one side you have people
like Jordan Peterson Marcela Parra
Douglas Perry who wrote that book the
strange death of Europe and we're back
the novel is weird like not will but who
are basically saying the West can't
survive without the judeo-christian
thesis we should all ascribe to the
judeo-christian thesis I myself do not
believe right they're all saying the
same thing I myself cannot believe on
the other side you have these guys like
you've all her re and who wrote say
pians and Steven Pinker who say no no no
my friend you know we are going up and
up and up this has been an absolute no
get to her Ari I think the Harari is at
least more intellectually honest and
then Pinker I mean I think the Pinker
does this whole routine where the
