all righty so today is the big tax
reform day it finally has passed through
Congress your taxes will go down the
Democrats moan in lamentation we will
talk about all that plus I sort of
face-planted Rosie O'Donnell on Twitter
and it's hilarious so we'll talk about
all of that I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
yes I am back from Florida where I had a
great time talking to the college
students over at TP USA one of my
favorite student groups and it was it
was a blast I also met Donald Trump jr.
which nice to meet you done as that was
kind of fun but I have a lot to talk
about today because a big news day and
it of course starts with this massive
tax reform package that is now passed
the Republican house and the Republican
Senate President Trump is set to sign
that into law formerly probably after
Christmas they have to work out a few
more kinks I think and then he's gonna
sign that into law so that as big I'm
going to discuss everything that is in
this tax reform package I'm going to
recount the entire saga in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so I had a
really good trip to Florida there was
one thing that did not go particularly
well that was my sleep pattern my sleep
pattern was a giant fail one of the
reasons that my sleep pattern was a
giant fail is because I did not have my
helix sleep mattress helix sleep offers
something that does not exist anywhere
else it is a mattress personalize your
unique preferences and sleeping style it
will not set you back thousands of
dollars go to helix sleep calm /ban you
take there
two to three minutes sleep quiz they ask
you sort of your body type do you like
something on your side or your stomach
do you want the mattress to be firm or
soft breathable or heat absorbent and
then they will build a custom mattress
for you it'll be the best thing that you
have ever slept on my wife in actually
had a more expensive mattress in our
room and we moved it out of our room in
favor of our helix sleep mattress it's
being recommended by all of the top
magazines out there your custom mattress
arrives directly to your door and you
it's in the box you unpack it it
inflates
and then it's ready to go and you can
try it for a hundred nights if you don't
love it they will pick it up and refund
it to you in full refund you the full
amount owed a helix sleep comm slash
Bennett right now helix sleep comm slash
Ben and you will get 50 bucks toward
your custom mattress that's helix sleep
calm / Ben for 50 bucks off your order
helix sleep calm / menus that / Ben also
so that they know that we sent you and
sleep better because this is one of
those things where you invest a little
bit of money in your mattress less than
you would if you went retail and and you
will end up making your life
significantly better okay so today
dawned amidst a cacophony of howling
dogs mourning their dead masters men
women children killed in a mass
senseless slaughter by the passage of
tax reform the Republicans just said
that they wanted lower taxes
Democrats knew the media knew that if
this tax reform package were to go
through then it would be like The
Walking Dead zombies would wander the
earth just dead bodies stacked up in
cars on the highways
that's exactly how it was this morning
traveling back from Florida you know I
was the only person on the plane I to
fly myself the airports were deserted
everyone was dead I don't even know
who's listening to this program now I
don't even know if there's anyone to
listen to this program Austin over there
is inanimate corpse just making this
show happen from behind the screen and
this is what they had warned about now
the amazing thing is that I didn't know
that everyone could be killed again
since everyone was killed by net
neutrality repeal a week ago but
apparently death can be died a thousand
times and so everyone's dead from that
neutrality repeal and repeal of the
Paris Accords and all the rest of it and
now everyone has died again so you know
I guess finally there's time for me to
read just like burgess Meredith and
Twilight Zone you know it's it's been
very weird inhabiting this afterlife
because it's so similar to regular life
the only good thing is that Justin
Bieber doesn't have any new good songs
in this afterlife lately so that's been
that's been excellent but otherwise it
seems very similar and I will admit that
now that I'm dead I feel a peculiar
desire to head over to Chicago and vote
Democrat which it had not occurred to me
before but suffice it to say this is me
being a sarcastic because not everyone
is dead no one died in fact in fact your
taxes just went down if you are 80% of
Americans your tax went down today so
here are the things you need to know
about this historic tax reform bill and
it really is historic okay it's historic
because it is a massive reduction in the
corporate tax ID everyone's focusing on
the individual tax ID the part that
really matters is the corporate tax
reform okay so you're gonna get a little
bittle bit of money back not
insignificant you'll get a little bit
money back on your taxes if you are in
the middle class the average tax cut the
average family how the average household
is supposed to receive according to the
Tax Policy Center a tax cut of about
1600 bucks in 2018 an average household
earning 100 million bucks or more what
see a tax decrease of approximately 70
grand
compared to 870 bucks for households
making 50 to 75 grand that's because
people at the upper end of the tax
spectrum are paying nearly all the net
taxes in the country it's not because
the Republicans just decided to benefit
the rich it's that if you reduce rates
for the rich they are getting back a lot
more money because they're making a lot
more money and they're paying a lot more
money okay this isn't the big
tax cut in history but it's not
insignificant the idiotic idea that
apparently 50% of Americans believe that
you're gonna pay more tax because of
this bill is just stupid and it's
because the media have been lying to you
the media been saying this is a
redistributionist bill from poor to rich
absolutely untrue now here's the thing
the individual tax decreases sunset okay
so in 2025 the individual tax decreases
are supposed to go away but in all
likelihood they're going to remain the
reason they're gonna remain is who
actually wants to vote openly for tax
increases Democrats are probably gonna
maintain those middle-class tax rates
the reason that Republicans had them
sunset in 2025 is because one of the
budget tricks that has to be done here
is if you wanted to pass in the Senate
with 51 votes which is how many votes it
got if you wanted to pass in the Senate
with that number of votes instead of 60
to kill a filibuster then the CBO the
Congressional Budget Office has to rule
that the bill will be deficit-neutral so
the bill is deficit neutral according to
the CBO that's because of some
gamesmanship by Republicans that's not
rare okay here's the thing about the
corporate tax rates and here's the case
no one's gonna make corporate tax rates
go down that means companies can afford
to give raises that they can afford to
actually create jobs and the early
evidence of this is today AT&T announced
that it would give a $1,000
across-the-board bonus to everyone
thanks to the tax decrease and now that
this corporate tax rate has been reduced
they will give $1,000 bonus to everyone
that's a pretty amazing thing
now some may say that this is a cynical
ploy by AT&T to basically give the Trump
administration a good headline so that
Trump will will allow the HNC Comcast
merger to go through I'm not gonna say
that that sounds right to me but it
sounds exactly right to me still the
corporate tax rate dropping is a good
thing for business and the proof that
it's a good thing for business is that
in every other country where the
corporate tax rate has been dropped
precipitously what you see is
significant GDP growth the most obvious
example is Island Ireland actually has a
12.5 percent corporate tax rate so it's
become a sort of business haven for
corporations that wanted to business
overseas and they've seen a high
sustained growth thanks to that healthy
business climate in 1995 they actually
had a corporate business tax of 40% they
dropped it to 12.5%
and they've seen 23% GDP GDP growth
since compared to 7.2 GDP growth from
1960 to 1995 over the course of 35 years
they saw 7.2 percent GDP growth then
they
moved the the corporate tax rate down
from 40 percent to 12.5 percent and over
the last 27 years they have seen a 23
percent increase in GDP so this has also
been seen in countries ranging from
Germany to Spain when you reduce the
corporate tax rate it makes it easier
for other countries if I'm perfect for
companies to invest in the United States
they no longer are trying to organize
his offshore companies there's also in
this bill a big increase in the child
tax credit that child tax credit is
truly a redistribution scheme he's a lot
of people who don't pay taxes are
getting the child tax credit but it's
backed by a lot of Republicans because
they think that the families with
children have higher expenses and we got
to give them benefits I am actually as
the father of two children I'm not
really in favor of the child tax credit
on a strictly libertarian viewpoint I
don't think the government should be
giving you incentives to behave in
certain ways and I don't think anybody
is having kids for the tax credit I
don't think it's just you know oh well
you know before I wasn't gonna have a
kid now I'm getting 2,000 bucks back I
suppose I'll have the child kids are a
lot more expensive than that the average
cost of a child from the time they're
born until the time that they leave the
house at 18 is hundreds of thousands of
dollars but still this is something that
looks good in the headlines for
Republicans that they're trying to help
out families that's why Marco Rubio
pushed it there are a few people who'll
be paying more in in income tax that
includes me which makes me sad a tax
reform includes reductions in tax
deductions for state and local taxes so
people in Heist tax states like
California they're reducing my taxes
through the tax rate but they're
increasing my taxes because the
deductions are not even close to what
I'm going to be paying in my state tax
in in the state of California plus the
mortgage interest deduction has been
decreased markedly you can now only take
a mortgage interest deduction up to
$750,000 alone in the state of
California pretty much everybody who
owns a home has a mortgage that is
bigger than that itemization has been
downsized so instead of you having to
itemize every deduction they've doubled
the standard deduction so a lot of
people no longer have to itemize because
you're only deducting you're only doing
itemized deductions if you want
deductions above and beyond the standard
deduction now the standard deduction has
been doubled so that means that itemized
deductions are probably going to go the
way the dodo burn for a lot of folks
that's great it means that you don't
have to hire an accountant you can now
fill out your taxes on the back of a
postcard you
individual mandate is gone so this is a
major win as well right the tax bill
uses the death of the individual mandate
to reduce deficits how why does it
reduce deficits when you get rid of the
individual mandate when people are
supposedly being forced to pay into the
system the reality is that because of
the individual mandate because you are
forced to go get health care people have
gone and registered with Medicaid that
costs millions and billions of dollars
to the federal government fewer people
are gonna register from Medicaid cuz
they're not mandated to do so that means
the bill goes down now is this entirely
a good thing well it would be entirely a
good thing just on the surface of it
right you no longer have the federal
government forcing you into a position
where you must must must do this
however it's not good for one reason
that I'll explain in just a moment and
the reason that the individual mandate
leaving may not be the world's greatest
thing is because if the individual
mandate goes away you have to fill the
gap for all of the sick people who are
still in the individual insurance market
right the way that we were filling that
before is we were basically forcing
young healthy people to buy insurance
and that was driving the rates down in
the individual insurance market they
were basically paying to compensate a
bunch of old sick people in the
individual insurance market those rates
are now likely to go up some and that
means that the federal government is
going to have to make a choice either
they're gonna have to remove the
Obamacare regulations which would be the
ideal or they're going to have to fill
in backfill the funding insurance
companies lose because of the individual
mandate that unfortunately seems like
the way the federal government is going
it seems like Republicans are gonna be
voting basically for a new it looks like
the Republicans are gonna be voting for
a new entitlement program which is not a
grand and glorious thing so I want to
give you the rest of what's in this
taxable but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Birch gold
so despite the fact that the stock
market is soaring despite the fact that
the economy is going supremely well
despite all of that I think that it is
it is necessary to point out that the
economy can always tank at any time
right everybody thought the economy is
going gangbusters in early 2007 and then
it tanked on you one of the reasons that
you ought to diversify it ought to have
some money in precious metals is because
of the risk of an economic downturn
which could be brought about by anything
from a public event to a foreign policy
of it I'm not saying take your entire
portfolio and put it in gold that'd be
foolish but I am saying take some of
your money and put it in precious metals
when you choose to do that go to my
friends at Birch
golde group they have a long-standing
track record of continued success with
thousands of satisfied clients countless
five-star reviews and a plus rating with
the Better Business Bureau and right now
they're giving away a comprehensive 16
page kit showing how gold and silver can
protect your savings how you can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA if
that's something you choose to do right
now if you're looking at Bitcoin and
saying wow bitcoin is doing really well
that's because bitcoin is basically a
controlled asset they're not making it
anymore bitcoin that's the whole purpose
of it gold basically performs the same
function in the global market to get
your no cost no obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash burn that's
birchgold.com slash Ben check it out ask
all your questions then when you're
ready to invest talk to my friends at
Birch cool comm slash bet okay so let's
talk about the rest of what's in this
bill so they're now opening the Anwar to
oil exploration the Anwar is not on
Rolla key it is the Arctic National
Wildlife Refuge so there's a portion of
Alaska that has been ruled out of bounds
by the federal government for the last
couple of decades it should've been
opened up a long time ago the part that
they want to drill is very small it
leaves a small footprint and the idea
that it was going to destroy the
environment in Alaska is utterly untrue
supposedly their reserves under there
that are about the size of Saudi Arabia
possibly so drilling in the Anwar would
be good for America's domestic oil
reserves this is a good thing the one
bad the the worst thing about this bills
the deficits are gonna increase right
the Republicans have said that will grow
our way out of deficits that will be
true to a certain extent it won't be
true to the point where it'll cover for
for the for the government revenue hole
that's been blown in the budget but
that's why Republicans should be focused
on cutting now right Republicans should
actually use this opportunity to cut now
I know Republicans just want to win
elections but what that leads to is big
government at least to a battle between
big government Republicans and big
government Democrats and both of them
end up blowing up the deficit if
Republicans actually want to make a
difference they're gonna have to take up
another priority of speaker Ryan's and
that is Medicaid reform Medicare reform
block grants to States all these are
things that the Republicans are gonna
have to do okay so all of this said it's
a good I like this bill I think it's a
good bill it's not a perfect bill it has
things that I would change about it but
it is a fairly typical and very positive
Republican tax bill people have lost
their damn minds
they have gone absolutely insane over
this so yesterday at the Capitol in the
middle of the vote there was a group of
protesters
who started chanting about how the bill
was going to end in their imminent
demise the actual medicine is not
produced here it's produced in Ireland
because the chair has detected a
disturbance in the gallery in
contravention of the law and against the
rules of the house the sergeant-at-arms
will identify the person or persons
responsible and have them escorted from
the House chamber so these idiots are up
there shouting kill the bill don't kill
us and apparently one of them decided to
take off her top which I mean she
understand she's in Congress right like
in Congress like the same Congress that
houses half the sexual perverts in
America she just incentivized Congress
to pass a tax bill every single day I
didn't see a picture of the lady but I
assume that you know if she is of the
female persuasion and has breasts than
half the congressmen in the place are
excited about that that form of protest
that seems to be counterproductive but
kill the bill don't kill us I mean just
demonstrates the extent to which the
left has lost its might one of the
people who's lost her mind obviously is
Rosie O'Donnell she's not much of a mind
left to lose sadly but Rosie O'Donnell
tweeted this out she tweeted out so how
about this I promise to give two million
dollars to senator Susan Collins and two
million to Senator Jeff Flake if they
vote no no I will not kill Americans for
the sewer rich she mens right super but
she can't type it's suo ER rich DM me
Susan DM me Jeff no bleep two million
cash each it's like EE Cummings for the
mentally deficient
so well done there Rosie O'Donnell this
by the way is a technically under
federal law bribery so under 18 USC I
believe the actual statute is 18 USC 2
and 1b it says quote whoever directly or
indirectly corruptly gives offers or
promises anything of value to any public
