Republicans are set to pass the enormous
tax cut bill President Trump delivers a
new national security strategy and a
major backlash to meats who begins
brought on by some very weird columns
I'll tell you all about him I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the bench Bureau Show
all righty so a lot to get to today of
course the Republicans are set to vote
in the House and the Senate today on the
revised to tax bill the tax bill would
reduce the corporate tax rate from 35%
all the way down to 21%
all the rest of it is is important but
not nearly as important is that central
premise there will be reductions in the
individual tax rates but the heart of
this tax bill is the reduction of the
corporate tax rate I'll tell you all
about it and why the media are beside
themselves over it and does this mean a
revaluation of president Trump's
presidency in the first year so far
we'll talk about all that but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at the u.s. CCA so gun was gone
lovers listen up how would you like to
head to the range tomorrow with a brand
new gun I would well I know that my
friends the u.s. DC I would like you to
do so as well
they want to make sure that responsible
gun owning Americans are able to get
their hands on better firearms and so
they are ending 2017 by giving you up to
17 chances to win your new gun daily
that's right a different gun every
single day of the week it could be a
Kimber it could be a Glock it could be a
Springfield all you have to do is go to
defend my family now three.com let's
defend my family now the digit 3 dot-com
to reveal which gun you could be taking
home tomorrow
remember there's not a lot of time to
register the gun of the day will always
disappear at midnight and this will be
the last time I am telling you the
website so again it is defend my family
now three.com defend my family now three
the digit 3 calm to reveal today's gun
from the US ECA and enter to win you
could win a new gun every single day
this week but this is your last chance
defend my family now three.com that is
defend my family now free.com you should
register with us CC anyway they have a
bunch of fantastic services and they
help you with not only background
knowledge about how to use weapon but
what happens if you have to use a weapon
and you need legal help defend my family
now 3com that can save your chances to
win a brand-new gun every single day
which is pretty awesome so check that
out again defend my family now three.com
okay so today is the big tax cut day oh
yes today it now seems that the
Republican tax cut is going to sort
through conference it is not a popular
tax cut that is not particularly
surprising the medium been all over this
tax cut from beginning to end the 50% of
the American population thinks that
their taxes are going to increase
because of this bill that's patently
insane
80% of individual taxpayers will see a
tax decrease because of this bill I'm
actually in the
20 percent I would vote for the bill
anyway the reason I'm in the other 20%
is I am a high income earner in a blue
state with high state income taxes but
the vast majority of Americans are going
to see a significant tax decrease the
average American will see a tax decrease
of or the average tax decrease will be
something like $2,000 which is not
insignificant and in terms of corporate
tax rate every country that has ever
dramatically lowered its corporate tax
rate that I am aware of has seen a
significant fiscal boost immediately
afterward this was true in Spain it was
true in Denmark it's been true
throughout Europe it's been true in
Germany in the United States we have the
highest corporate tax rate of any
industrialized country we have a lower
individual tax rates but higher
corporate tax rates that's quite foolish
we should be lowering the corporate tax
rate that's what this bill does I'm sort
of astonished that so many Republicans
have failed to make the case for
lowering the corporate tax rate on a
regular basis they've been focused
solely on the idea that individuals have
to have their tax rates reduced
maybe it's because Republicans don't
have the brains or the moral wherewithal
to explain that corporations are really
just ways that we organize with each
other legally so that we can do business
in more efficient fashion if you lower
the tax rate on those organizations
you're essentially lowering the tax rate
on individuals if I wish that we had the
brains to explain that apparently we
don't so it's more unpopular than it is
popular but people see more money in
their pocket always ends up being
popular if you look back at the Reagan
tax bill of 1981 that was not
particularly popular at the time it
became very popular shortly thereafter
when people realized they were getting
more of their own money back so even
kind of wavering Republicans are now on
board Senator Tom cotton had planted in
this bill a repeal of the individual
mandate under Obamacare that's a good
thing it's a bad thing it's a very good
thing because it is the least popular
provision of Obamacare so it's a
political win for President Trump and
for the Republicans to get rid of the
individual mandate remember the
individual mandate under Obamacare is
what forces you to buy health insurance
the bad news is that's going to increase
prices in the individual market because
it was the mandate that was forcing
people like me to pay in the individual
market young people to pay in the
individual market that was keeping the
prices down for older sick people in the
individual market those are now set to
rise pretty dramatically Congress is
gonna have to come in and fill the gap
which apparently they're doing through
the Alexander it's I believe it's the
Alexander Marie Bell in the in the
United States Senate so weirdly enough
the Republicans in the ten
government are shockingly growing
government but as an achievement for
President Trump it's pretty great he's
gonna get to claim that he repealed
Obamacare or at least the individual
mandate he's gonna get to claim that he
decreased taxes and Republicans are
betting that the effects of this bill
will be positive enough that it will
impact them positively in 2018 and let's
see the flip side you know the flip side
is they don't pass anything this year
and this year is basically a total dud
as far as legislation despite Republican
control of the Senate the house in the
White House that would be completely
unacceptable so even wavering
Republicans around board Susan Collins
no conservative Halcyon she says that
she supports the conference agreement
that's about to go through I rise to
express my support for the conference
agreement on the tax cuts and Jobbik
the first major overhaul of our tax code
since 1986 this legislation will provide
tax relief to working families encourage
the creation of jobs right here in
America and spur economic growth that
will benefit all Americans okay so you
know even when susan collins on board
that means that you have a broad
consensus of republicans who are on
board this is a good thing obviously and
it's very good for president Trump
there's a reason the Democrats were
trying desperately to stop it they might
have been smarter to actually embrace
parts of this tax plan instead they're
not going to do so Bernie Sanders the
socialist he says that they did
everything they could to stop the tax
bill this looks like it's going to get
passed through the Senate in the house
and signed by the president this tax cut
bill is there anything more that
opponents like you could have done to
stop this well I think we did everything
that we could but at the end of the day
what you had is people like mr. minuchin
who himself is worth three or four
hundred million dollars are the
President of the United States who is
worth several billion dollars as you
mentioned some four or five thousand
lobbyists doing everything that they
could to write a bill which
significantly benefits the wealthiest
people in this country and the largest
corporations this is one of my chief
irritations about how Democrats play
this I wish there
publicans would just say the truth the
reason that you are seeing
disproportionate shares of the tax cut
go to people at the upper end of the
income bracket is because those people
are paying a disproportionate share of
the taxes okay the reason that rich
people are going to get more of a tax
break is because they are paying more of
the taxes okay in terms of net taxes the
amount of tax dollars that rich people
are getting in the country ninety five
percent of all federal spending on net
is paid for by the top income bracket
the top twenty percent quintile of the
American population the top one percent
are paying something like 50 percent of
all federal income taxes in the nation
of course they're going to see a
disproportionate share of the tax cut
you can't give a tax cut to people who
aren't paying taxes it's astonishing to
me that the Republicans refuse to say
this it's astonishing to me the
Republicans refuse to pick the case for
a corporate tax cut and there is a very
strong case for a corporate tax cut but
regardless the policies going to pass
and we're gonna see how it plays out in
the Senate and this is leading to some
recasting of the Trump administration's
entire first year a lot of people who've
been a highly skeptical of Trump are now
going back and revising their opinion of
how his first year went now so I think
that it's been a golden first year I
don't think it's been a golden first
year so I think that President Trump has
governed a lot more conservative than we
had any right to expect as conservatives
from his campaign there the answer is
yes I think that a lot of people hoped
he would govern as conservative as he's
governed but he has governed extremely
conservative in this has been the most
conservative first year of an
administration certainly since Ronald
Reagan it's probably more conservative
than george w bush's first year when
george w bush by a recall correctly was
already pushing campaign finance reform
at this point but you know Trump's tried
that doesn't mean a lot it's gotten done
there's been a lot of incompetence there
been there's been a lot of battery
Trump's approval ratings at 35% that is
by far the lowest approval rating for
any president at this point in American
history at this point even Ronald Reagan
who was unpopular during his first year
had a 49 percent approval rating but
there's no question that Trump has
governed a lot more conservative than I
thought he was going to right I was
wrong about Trump on Gorsuch and I
thought that based on the evidence there
was not a lot of evidence that who's
gonna govern this conservative
once he got into office and if you
recall the early indicators are that he
was not going to do that right Steve
Bannon was pushing the idea of an
infrastructure bill first thing out of
the gate and then people were talking
about an isolationist foreign policy
none of that has happened instead
President Trump has basically championed
what is a fairly typical
in tax cut he has cut regulations in a
way that I love he is pursued foreign
policy in a way that is much more
hawkish than I think his campaign led on
all of that is very good and I'm gonna
go through all that in a second Trump
you know he he it is it is a day of good
Trump bad Trump I mean we end the first
year and we're getting close to the end
of the year here and it has been a very
good Trump bad Trump years it's a
construct that I created last year
during the election cycle saying that
the problem with Trump is that when he's
good he's really good when he's bad he's
really bad it's been a very good from
bad Trump kind of year so in honor of
that I think that we so in honor of that
we're gonna do a little bit of good
Trump bad Trump coming up in just a few
minutes here because there's a lot going
on right between the tax cuts and his
national security announcements there's
a lot happening here but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Skillshare so are you interested in
making your resume better if you're
interested in earning more if you're
interested in having a longer lasting
career if you're interested in
broadening and deepening your skillset
that is what Skillshare is for with over
three million members and more than
17,000 classes skill share is the
Netflix for online learning take class
and graphic designs yes a lot of
photography social media marketing
that's what I'm taking digital
illustration much more these classes are
taught by industry experts at all about
45 minutes long self-contained the tough
I experience professionals they are
perfect if you're looking to build your
career or start the side hustle of your
dreams you have an obligation to
yourself and your family to continue
increasing your skills and we don't live
40 years ago when you can just have the
same skill set for 40 years and maintain
your job that's not the way it works
anymore your skill set has to be getting
better all the time and that is what
skill share is for it's why people at my
company are taking skills share classes
on a regular basis skills share right
now is giving my listeners a one-month
free trial of unlimited access to over
17,000 classes go to WWC I'll share comm
slash appear oh that skill shared comma
slash Shapiro to start your free month
today that skill shared comm slash
Shapiro to start your free month today
and again you get that one-month free
trial 17,000 classes once you're hooked
you're gonna be hooked I mean you're
gonna want more of those skills to added
your resume Skillshare comm slash repair
I'll start that free month today and
it's not all you know just skillsets
it's also fun stuff you know hand
lettering calligraphy and watercolor and
all sorts of fun stuff you can get so
Skillshare dot-com slash appear I use
that slash capiro so they know that we
set you okay so
Trump tweets out today that he's very
happy about the tax bill here is what he
tweeted so he tweeted quote stocks and
the economy have a long way to go after
the tax cut bill is totally understood
and appreciated in scope and size
immediate expensing will have a big
impact biggest tax cuts in a format ever
passed enjoy and create many beautiful
jobs you know yeah yeah I love the guy
with it with the beautiful jobs all caps
this this is the thing about Trump and
this is what's so puzzling to me about
his presidency is that President Trump's
policies as I say have been largely
conservative and I say largely I mean
almost entirely very conservative and
yet he's really unpopular and he is the
president who of all presidents should
best understand marketing right I mean
this guy is the marketing guru he's the
marketing guru of all time he
transformed what is by any measure a
dicey real-estate Empire into television
fame and fortune and then that into the
presidency and yet he doesn't seem to
know how to Wed positive rhetoric and
useful rhetoric to an agenda that has
been very positive for Americans thus
far me I was looking at a list of his
accomplishments today and the list is is
sizable I mean if you look at what
they've done in the White House it's not
nothing you know it's not it's not
everything it's not like they've done
tons of stuff through Congress they
haven't this has not been as productive
of first year as for example Barack
Obama's first year but if you look at
all the things that Trump is actually
done he's done some pretty good things I
mean I made a list of these things this
morning and I've been trying I mean I
know that folks who listen to the show
know I've tried to be as fair to Trump
as humanly possible so here's just some
of the stuff that Trump has done in year
1 so Justice Gorsuch obviously big win
for president Trump did a feat of Isis
we've talked about on the program the
media basically ignored it Isis grew
under President Obama who called it the
JV squad Isis has now reverted to being
basically another my Isis has basically
been cut all the way down to size
I mean that in territorial terms they've
been reduced to virtually nothing and
he's done all of that without having to
oust Bashar Assad maybe you should ask
Bashar Assad but that's a different
issue as many of us have been saying for
a long time and the stock market under
President Trump has soared 5,000 points
this year yeah that I don't think that's
always a great measure of a president it
soared under Barack Obama - but yeah he
does get credit he's the one in the
white house there's been excellent
growth and the unemployment statistics
are very strong under President Trump I
think that's largely due to the market
understanding and knowing that Trump is
not a threat to their business that
Trump is not somebody who's trying to
Retin their business he has cut
regulations at a twenty two to one ratio
for every new regulation added 22 have
been cut right curbing the Iran the olia
President Trump declared that Iran had
been decertified under the deal which
paves the way for new sanctions he
should be pushing for further sanctions
but he's also been pushing for an anti
Iran alliance that has been
extraordinarily powerful and has
reshaped the region a lot of that is the
unintended result of President Obama's
attempts to make around a regional power
but Saudi Arabia Egypt Jordan is rather
now in a de facto alliance he announced
Jerusalem is Israel's capital obviously
he started to open public lands the
federal government has seized vast
swaths of the West nearly all of Nevada
is federal territory a lot of that land
ought to be returned to the people for
their use President Trump is moving
along those lines he passed the new
sanctions against North Korea now listen
he hasn't solved the North Korean
problem but frankly who could I don't
see a real solution there and unless you
know something I don't
the best he's going to be able to do is
pass those new sanctions which he did
they're gonna repeal the individual
mandate as I discussed tax reform as I
discussed a record number of appellate
court appointments so they've he's
nominated and approved 12 appellate
court judges which is more than any
other president in history in his first
year he pulled that from the Paris
Accords the travel ban was finally
approved by the courts whose botched
originally in pretty bad fashion but
it's now been approved by the Supreme
Court
he's unshackled the military he's
changed the rules of engagement he
stopped tripping on the police which is
something the President Obama was very
fond of was ripping on the police and
every available opportunities done a lot
of very good things right and this is
the problem for President Trump in the
good Trump bad from construct there's so
much good there really is there's a lot
of good the question is why can't it all
be good why does there have to be bad
