we have returned yes indeed we are back
and there's so much to talk about from
Harvey Weinstein to a New York Times
op-ed that targeted The Daily wire last
Thursday night plus we will be talking
about sergeant Bowe Bergdahl who just
pleaded guilty to desertion and what
that says about the Obama
administration's honesty problems I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so once again there will be no
Disneyland for anyone I came back and
that things remain just as bad as when I
left and in some ways worse so thanks
for that
appreciated everyone well done we will
get to all of the news there's plenty to
talk about for Shore ranging from Harvey
Weinstein i-i've not been able to give
my breakdown on the Harvey Weinstein
scandal because that actually broke
after I left for a vacation but I have a
lot of thoughts on that that go to sort
of what Hollywood is all about and what
needs to happen if you don't want Harvey
Weinstein's to be the future of the
industry I also want to talk about some
good moves that President Trump made
while I was away plus I will definitely
have some comments that I'm gonna begin
with about this New York Times op-ed
that targeted me personally and also
targeted the Daily wire but before we do
any of that first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at ring.com so
Rings mission is to make a neighborhood
safer the way that people tend to break
into homes is they bring the doorbell
and they see if you're home and then if
you don't pick up then they feel like
okay I can break into the house and no
one's gonna stop me well that is why
ring video doorbell is an amazing
amazing invention they know that home
security begins at the front door the
way that it works is that you ring the
doorbell and it automatically it
automatically goes to your phone so I
can be on vacation in Hawaii and I can
pick up the doorbell and make it seem as
though I am home I can also call the
police I set off an alarm from my from
my phone and so bring videos where I
make sure that my house is safe even
when I am not there but that's not where
security ends right now they have a new
level of security they've added to the
rest of your home with the ring
floodlight cam and just like the
doorbell it's a motion-activated camera
and floodlight that connects right to
your phone with HD video and two-way
audio that lets you know the moment
anyone steps on your property you can
see and speak to visitors and set off an
alarm right from your phone and again
when things go bump in the night because
of the floodlight cam you will know who
it is where they are on your property
and all the rest it offers the in of the
ultimate in home security with those
high visibility floodlights and a
powerful HD camera that puts security in
your hands
save up to one hundred and fifty dollars
off that ring of security kit when you
go to ring comm slash Ben that's
ring.com
/ Ben again that's ring comm / Ben and
you get one hundred and fifty bucks off
a ring of security kit when you use that
/ Ben at the end so again ring
come / Ben that also lets them know that
we set you okay so apparently all hell
broke loose
last week and I was off for the last
three days of the week I want to start
by responding to this op eds I've gotten
a lot of mail about it while I was out
and there was a full op-ed in the New
York Times coming after me personally as
well as The Daily wire from a woman
named Jane Coates
Jane Koston Jane Koston obviously I
don't know her work very well so I can't
speak to the rest of her work but
basically the idea was that I am somehow
a guy who only panders to the right and
this is the hallmark of the write these
days is just pandering to the right what
I do know from Jane Koston is that she
is a lefty she's a liberal and and Jane
Koston has written pieces like this one
from MTV News titled quote on the
punching of Nazis subtitle I support it
this is back in January said if a Nazi
is in your presence can you ever punch
the Nazi in the god dang face the answer
is simple of course you can and then she
says that should you yes yes you should
you should punch Nazis in the god dang
face you should do so repeatedly if you
see more Nazis you should punch them too
so she sounds like a very tolerant and
the first individual which is just
wonderful and she titled her piece on me
the hollow bravery of ben shapiro so the
first thing is that i would just like to
note here i have never called myself
brave in fact i don't really consider
myself brave because i reserved that
title for law enforcement you know
people who put themselves in harm's way
to protect others i'm a guy who goes on
campus and i give talks and i have
security and i'm probably the safest guy
in the room as i've said in a thousand
interviews so for me
my job is not about bravery my job is
about saying things that i think are
true and then you take them or you leave
them you know the idea that I have ever
proclaimed that I am the hallmark of
bravery is just absurd but the piece
itself is really designed to attack the
entire conservative movement and and me
is sort of a supposed thought leader in
it so here is what Jane Koston writes
rights ben shapiro the conservative
writer prides himself on speaking bold
truths illiberal power his shtick goes
something like this set up a speech in a
progressive Bastion ideally a college
campus full of coastal elites who have
never left their bubble spar with
snowflakes who are offended by something
he says about race or gender or perhaps
even believe in
should have been invited in the first
place post the exchange on the internet
and use it as proof that the cultural
consensus is stacked dramatically
against conservatives as mr. Shapiro's
put it the left has run out of
aggressors to target instead they've
become the aggressors self-righteous
morality police dedicated to wiping out
- sensing thought well the reason I say
that is because Berkeley like the
University of California run by Janet
Napolitano a Democrat staffed entirely
by Democrats at the highest level
decided that I needed six hundred police
officers in order to speak at Berkeley
as I've said again 1,000 times the year
before I showed up with no security they
had my security team but there were no
police officers necessary it's not me
that's making this issue on campus it is
not I I am not the one who is who's
designing these problems on college
campuses nor do I even like them I mean
you can talk to people from my team they
will tell you before we do every lecture
I say I really hope this one is nice and
calm and as far as the idea that I don't
want to have people in the room with
whom I can discuss I've been debating
people on the left for a long time here
I mean I debated Cinque agar like two
maybe three months ago I debated a panel
of people including the n-double-a-cp
president in Spokane Washington and
Charles Moody
from the Seattle stranger when I was up
in Seattle I debated Shama savant who
was the who is the socialist city
council member in Seattle I'm going to
have a discussion with Sam Harris with
whom I strenuously disagree on religion
I'm gonna have a discussion with him up
in San Francisco in December in fact I'm
hard pressed to think of many people on
the right who debate people on the left
more than I do like high-ranking people
on the left more than I do I debated
Sally cone last year like I debate
people on the left all the time this
idea that I'm out there looking for
snowflakes to melt is just patently
absurd in fact I've said in my own
lectures I said in the Berkeley lecture
I believe I said that the easiest thing
in the world is to find some college
leftist to trigger but that's not my job
my job is to say things I think are true
in front of audiences full of leftists
and conservatives I wish more people who
are on the Left would show up I mean I
always have a standing rule look at
every one of my lectures for the last
year and a half I have a standing rule
if you disagree with me raise your hand
and go to the front of the line that is
my standing rule the idea that I'm not
out there trying to convert people that
I'm not out there trying to do outreach
that all I care about is the viral
videos that come
these exchanges it's just like there's
no evidence to this whatsoever in any
case Jane Coates Koston says quote it's
true the campuses tend to be hostile
places to conservatives like mr. Shapiro
charles murray and heather mcdonald but
the notion that there are the cultural
underdogs is bogus
really we're not the cultural underdogs
heather mcdonald and charles murray
aren't the cultural underdogs when
charles murray went to Middlebury
College a leftist professor I think
broke her collarbone thanks to the
students over there Charles Moreau who's
just shut down again over the weekend
we're not the cultural underdogs have
you seen the culture you might have you
might say we're not the political
underdogs I think that there that's that
sort of true I mean Berkeley I am the
political underdog but across the
country I don't think I am because I
think that the vast majority of people
agree with most of what I have to say
but the notion that we're not cultural
underdogs is absurd is what mr. Shapiro
does on campuses shadowboxing meant to
pander to his conservative fans whose
values dominate mainstream American
culture okay no evidence that that
conservative values dominate mainstream
American culture in fact virtually all
of the evidence is on the other side on
all of the major social issues of the
day without perhaps aside from abortion
there's no question that there is a
leftist / liberal consensus on cultural
issues
she said if he wants to be genuinely
brave he challenged some of the
wrongheaded ideas held by his right-wing
fans instead he uses his megaphone
that's it the website the daily where to
reinforce what they already believe okay
a couple of things here the idea that I
don't challenge wrongheaded ideas held
by some of my fans again you have to be
ignorant of my work in order to say this
fully ignorance of my work in order to
say this for the last two years I've
taken a very controversial position with
regard to president Trump who less Jane
Koston forget is rather popular among
people who support me I was the
initiator of good from Bad Trump I
created good from bad Trump right I am
the guy who had on my desk for months a
shoe we called it the put it on the
other foot shoe right we we actually
took this shoe and when Trump will do
something I would say put the shoe on
the other foot imagine Obama did it and
then let's try and see whether this is
something that's good or not I've been
very critical not only of President
Trump but I wrote a piece this morning
about why it's bad for a bunch of Magha
had
dummies to shut down a liberal speaker
left to speaker Xavier Becerra the
Attorney General of California over at
Whittier College and the idea that I
don't criticize people on the so-called
right side of the aisle is patently
absurd again I've criticized the
alt-right incessantly repeatedly when I
left Breitbart I criticized Steve Bannon
I criticized Steve Danon when he was
appointed to the to the campaign this I
don't know where she's getting this but
all I will say is that it is utterly in
disconnect with reality and anybody who
watches the show knows that that is the
case anybody who listens to the show
knows this is the case we try to be
intellectually honest about our
conservatism it seems to me that what
Jane Koston really wants is for me to be
on the left this is the same critique
that I heard from a lot of people on the
Left who didn't like the nevertrump
Republicans cuz they said why don't you
just vote for Hillary because Hillary's
awful okay change just because I
disagree with some people on the right
about things doesn't mean I have to
agree with your crappy point of view hey
if your if your idea of dissent is that
I have to agree with you then I dissent
from your dissent okay no I think you're
wrong I think that most of the stuff
that you write is wrong and guess what I
can do that maybe the reason I disagree
with you is because I think you're wrong
so what does she uses the example of us
pandering so she picks one example right
this one example that has been used by
the left over the last week when I was
on vacation and so on as she says on
Monday The Daily wire published a video
that depicted Native Americans is
animated savages before the arrival of
Christopher Columbus and one slide the
video list Native American achievements
as consisting of dreamcatchers tomahawks
and cannibalism while stating the
Columbus's arrival in 1492 assured the
arrival of math and the iPhone and then
she says the animated video is actually
the second one The Daily wire posted
this past weekend on the subject the
other carry the sub subtle title quote
Christopher Columbus actually was a
great man so the second video I think is
actually quite good the second video is
from Michael moles and it is a full
breakdown of the entire history of
Christopher Columbus it is full of
information
Koston of course just takes it for
granted the Christopher Columbus was a
bad guy so I'm sure she didn't even
bother to watch the video which is
chock-full of references to actual
primary documentation you should go
watch Knowles's video it has over a
million hits it is quite good the other
video I didn't like it didn't meet
editorial standards I was on vacation as
soon as I found out about it I wanted to
pull it down it was a satire video so I
wanted to you know I I was conflicted
in the sense that I don't like pulling
down satire I think that satire you get
a broader range than just you would in a
normal video and so I made the mistake
of leaving it up for 24 hours over that
24 hours I became increasingly
disconcerted with the video I really was
not a fan of it at the beginning
over the next 24 25 hours I really
watched it a few more times and found
that it crossed the lines for me that I
didn't want crossed and I took it down
and I issued an apology personally for
the video being on the site in the first
place which is as far as I'm aware what
you are supposed to do when a bad video
goes up on your site so okay if I if I
really wanted to not take off my right
wing fans I would have left the thing up
wouldn't I
and then Koston spends the next like
three paragraphs talking about not the
daily wire but the federalists the the
site run by a friend of mine pens
domenech and she talks about this the
the daily the the federalists pandering
to the right forgetting of course that
the federalists has run a number of
pieces disagreeing on major issues with
other members of the right that the
federalist has a pretty wide variety of
opinion mary katharine ham who was a
never Trumper is on that site so smiley
Hemingway who's a very Pro Trump writer
is on that site and then what she uses
her example of real pandering she said
that publication had a black crime tag
on its website until two weeks ago which
included an article titled if you don't
want police to shoot you don't resist
arrest and and so a couple of things on
that number one black crime tags tags
you know most of the editors that I cite
don't know that the tag is there right a
tag is an HTML thing it's not like every
single story gets filed away as a black
crime story there's a tag that somebody
in the backend is hitting that puts the
HTML in black crime for this site now I
don't think there should be a black
crime tag neither to the federalists
which is why they removed it okay but
again this whole idea here is that
conservatives are just catering to their
base now what I love about this article
is that Jane Koston is catering to her
left to space in the New York Times so
this entire article is not a rebuke to
anyone on the left it's not her speaking
truth to power on the left it's not her
saying to the left that people like me
should be able to speak at Berkeley no
instead it's Jane Koston pandering to
her own leftist readers and then
accusing us of doing that to our
right-wing readers and then what she's
really upset of course about is that
I am not on the left so she says that I
believe that transgender people have
mental illness and then she says that's
just terrible
okay have I been unclear about my
perspective on this there's a video of
me that's been seen 35 million times
talking about this
like literally 35 million times so I've
not been unclear about this and she
finishes up by saying I reached out to
mr. Shapiro to ask him about the
Columbus Day video she did and I emailed
her back the statement which we had
already put out or were putting out at
the time and then I added a one-line
comment said he sends over a statement
apologizing for its hang and engaged in
broad-based stereotyping which he also
posted on Twitter in the email he added
quote I think there's a lot of political
grounds be gained in pandering to your
own side and confirming their biases I
strive not to do that and then she
finishes and yet he and vast swaths of
the conservative right who decry
groupthink still do to tell strident
college students to examine their own
politics and embrace real debate is
brave to insist on the same from those
on the right would be even more
courageous um again she does not watched
a single speech I have ever done on the
right not one I guarantee you she has
not watched a single speech I've done on
campus if she has then I don't know if
she had the mute on but that is patently
crazy okay the idea that I have not told
college students on the right to examine
their own politics half of my speech at
Berkeley was devoted to why the
alt-right is stupid and why identity
politics of the right is bad and why if
you think that Mexico and China are
responsible for your lost job you are
probably wrong okay so again all of this
is just done all of this is just done
but it demonstrates something that I
think is more important and that is that
the left is so concerned with finding
enemies that they will find enemies
everywhere and I want to expand on that
and talk about who the real enemies to
public discourse are the people who are
really pandering to the base in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at the US
concealed-carry Association so all the
time you hear stories about some guy
breaking into somebody's house and the
hero homeowner shoots the guy good for
the homeowner somebody breaks into your
house threatens your family you should
shoot them but you never hear the rest
of the story the rest of the stories
usually the police come they question
the person at the very least the guy
spends the night in jail or at least
spend some time with the police well you
need to know what to do in order to
