President Trump gets into hot water over
a call with a soldier's Widow plus we're
gonna talk about him at the Heritage
Foundation and some actual big news that
people aren't talking about like the
biggest news of the year that people
aren't talking about I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so the theme of today's show is that the
culture wars are obviously more
important to Americans than actual news
because there's some actual huge news
today in fact there are three pieces of
actual very very large news today and
I'm going to talk about all three of
those in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
tracker comm the tracker comm so as I
have said before I lose things all the
time all the time in fact while we were
in Hawaii for vacation my wife lost her
phone we could not find it anywhere
anywhere and that is when she did the
thing that she has been taught to do she
grabbed her keychain and on it she had
her tracker device and she hit the
button on her tracker device and her
phone started ringing it had been buried
under the bed by one of my children the
tracker calm that's what it does for you
you're never gonna have to lose your
wallet phone keys again instead instead
you have this coin size device that fits
right on your wall in your wallet or on
your keys and then on your phone when
you install a program and what's cool
about this program is that when you
actually lose your phone even if you
left the ringer off right you're trying
to call it figure out where it is but
the ringers off the program that is
installed via the tracker means that
when you hit the button the phone rings
anyway so you don't have to worry about
that anymore either
it makes your life enormous ly easier
it's one of those problems you don't
really think about until it bites you in
the butt like every other day that's why
the tracker comm exists with tracker
pixel you'll never have to worry about
this again it is the lightest Bluetooth
tracking device on the market and again
you can put it on whatever you tend to
lose and you will never lose it again
tracker has a 30-day money-back
guarantee which means you really have
nothing to lose you can even locate your
item if it's miles away because every
tracker user is part of the largest
crowd locate network in the world so
it's like Waze except for finding your
things go to the tracker comm slash Ben
that's the tracker comm slash Ben to get
20% off any order that the tracker comm
slash Ben for 20% off any order one of
these things will make your life a lot
easier the tracker comm slash Ben and
again you get 20% off your order okay so
everybody wants to talk today about
President Trump making this phone call
to this Widow and why this is a huge
news story and whether President Trump
has no sympathy for widows of war heroes
and all of that and we'll get to that in
just a second but I'd like to suggest
that one of the reasons the media are
folk
hang on that is because there are three
very big stories that came out back to
back to back yesterday all of them good
for Trump all of them very bad for the
left the first story is the story with
regard to Isis so we now know that
us-backed forces have now taken Raqqa
okay Raqqa is Isis's last urban
stronghold it is it was the place that
was the headquarters for Isis in Syria
and us-backed forces say they have now
taken it and they've cleared the entire
place and basically Isis has been
restricted to this small portion of area
in the Euphrates River Valley one of the
things that you should know about Isis
and we played there their propaganda
videos in the past is that one of the
ways that they have drawn such a
traction to to so many people is by
claiming they have a broad territorial
holdings so if you actually look back at
the ISIS propaganda videos they would
say things like we have territory that
is greater than all of the United
Kingdom a UK is pretty small country but
still they would claim that their
territorial holdings were justification
they show that Allah was on their side
well now their territory has basically
been shrunk to the size of a dime and
that is thanks to the bravery of
America's troops and American allies
this is not all President Trump
some of this is President Obama a lot of
these operations were started under
President Obama President Trump did free
up the military to use different rules
of engagement which certainly helped he
took the shackles off the military that
existed Isis was in retreat before Obama
took office that has only accelerated
under President Trump according to the
New York Times right I'm sure on page
824 American backed forces said on
Tuesday that they had seized the
northern Syrian city of Raqqa from the
Islamic state a major blow to the
militant group which had long used the
city as a de facto capital of its
self-declared caliphate celebrations
erupted in Raqqa where residents had
lived under the repressive rule of
militants who beheaded people for
offenses as minor as smoking fighters
could be seen cheering and firing
celebratory gunfire in the streets
according to residents reached by phone
and text message u.s. CENTCOM stopped
short of declaring victory saying more
than 90 percent of Raqqa was an SDF
control that be the Syrian democratic
forces as an american-backed militia
made up of Kurds and Arabs
Colonel Ryan Dillon spokesman for the US
military and Baghdad said Tuesday Raqqa
was on the verge of being liberated said
there were still pockets of the city
controlled by Isis but Isis is
absolutely in retreat and now basically
Isis is a clean up Opera
at its height in 2014 Isis controlled
both mosul and raqqa
and now they control neither of them and
that is the testament again to the
bravery of American of America's armed
forces as well as our allies and his
tribute to the Trump administration I
guarantee you that if Barack Obama had
been in office when all of this happened
this would be front-page news and every
paper in the United States because it is
a major thing it is a major thing okay
it's it's pretty incredible what we were
able to do in a pretty short period of
time here since Isis really gained
prominence and credibility in 2013 2014
so good for American troops that is big
story number one big story number two
yesterday the FBI posted a document
revealing the James Comey former FBI
director had drafted a letter in July
2016 not recommending charges against
Hillary Clinton okay as you know as you
know that was way before he was supposed
to interview Hillary Clinton that was
way before he had all the information
and so this demonstrates that the fix
was basically in here the James Comey
knew that he wasn't going to indict
Hillary Clinton and who's drafting
documents to that event to that effect
literally weeks and months before he
bothered to do all the rest of his
research FBI officials according to the
hill FBI official James rye Becky in
mid-may requested an unclassified email
that officials quote sends any comments
on this statement so may we may roll it
into a master dock for discussion with
the director at a future date two months
later Comey would make his announcement
criticizing Clinton but that was two
months after he had already written his
ruling in the case demonstrating once
again that something deeply corrupt was
going on here
James Comey has a lot of questions he's
going to need to answer on that
particular matter so that is Story
number two and that one again does not
help be the left wing does not help the
Democratic Party and it doesn't help the
media which you proclaimed from the
beginning that Hillary was innocent
innocent innocent innocent okay story
number three this one is the most
stunning story it really is quite
amazing okay the story is basically that
you remember there was this story that
that Trump kept bringing up on the
campaign trail it was a rip from Peter
Schweitzer the guy who wrote Clinton
cash very very good researcher he has
his own nonprofit based down in Florida
in which he
investigates it's basically an
investigative journalism Center but
schweitzer had uncovered this story
about how rasa tahn which was the
russian nuclear agency had gained
control of one-fifth of america's
uranium supply and they had also given
massive donations to the Clinton
Foundation and it was cleared by the
State Department when Hillary Clinton
was Secretary of State and president
Trump used to talk about this on the
campaign trail all the time Hillary
Clinton denied there was any wrongdoing
she said that the State Department that
part of the State Department was not
under her charge she never knew about it
and all the rest and there were claims
that the Russians never did anything
illegal anyway so who cares right
nothing illegal was being done or at
least if it was being done nobody had
any knowledge well that turns out to be
a lie so according to the New York Post
today the Obama administration knew
Russia had used bribery kickbacks and
extortion to get a stake in the u.s.
atomic energy industry but cut deals
giving Moscow control of a large chunk
of the u.s. uranium supply anyway
according to report on Tuesday this from
the hill the FBI used a confidential US
witness working inside the Russian
nuclear industry to gather records make
secret recordings and intercept emails
as early as 2009 that showed the Kremlin
had compromised an American uranium
trucking company executives at the
company transport logistics
international kicked back about two
million dollars to the Russians in
exchange for lucrative no big contracts
a scheme that violated the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act the feds also
learned that Russian nuclear officials
had gotten millions of dollars into the
u.s. designed to benefit the Clinton
Foundation at the same time then
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
served on a government committee that
signed off on the deal sources told the
hill the racketeering operation was
conducted quote with the consent of
higher-level officials in Russia who
shared the proceeds from the kickbacks
an agent later stated in an affidavit
the DOJ under Attorney General Eric
Holder did not bring charges in the case
prior to the deals being cut at the time
Obama and the Clinton State Department
were trying to quote-unquote reset
relations between the two nuclear rivals
the first deal was wrapped up in October
2010 when the State Department and the
Committee on Foreign Investment agreed
to sell part of uranium 1 a
toronto-based mining giant with
operations in Wyoming Australia Canada
Kazakhstan South Africa and elsewhere to
rasa tahn which is the Russian nuclear
company giving Russia control over about
20% of the American
and supply okay her spokesman said that
she was not involved Hillary spokesman
said she was not involved in this and of
course the Obama administration said
there was nothing wrong with the deal
anyway except of course for how there
was something wrong with the deal and
the Obama administration knew it so now
here's what we know about the Obama DOJ
we always knew that Eric Holder was
corrupt we always knew the Obama DOJ was
corrupt but now we know that Loretta
Lynch at the DOJ had no intention of
inciting Hillary Clinton for miss B
misuse of classified material that we
know that now we know her predecessor
Eric Holder was basically signing off on
deals that were designed to benefit the
Clinton Foundation at the same time that
the DOJ knew that Russia was attempting
to wield influence in a corrupt man or
violating the law in the United States
pretty amazing stuff and pretty
devastating stuff if you're a Democrat
which is why Democrats today should be
thankful that that's not the headline
one of the reasons that's not the
headline of course is because the media
don't want these to be the headlines
they don't want Isis's defeat and Rock
got to be the headline they don't want
James commies memo to be the headline
they don't want the FBI knowing that the
Russians were attempting to corruption
being the headline they don't want any
of this to be the headline what they
want to be the headline is that Trump is
a bad guy and fortunately for them
President Trump has a bad habit of
opening his mouth at the wrong time
right the news cycle for him is actually
pretty good this week but he made the
mistake on Monday giving a press
conference in which as I talked about
yesterday
he has a tendency to go out over his
skis and the President of the United
States came out and he said that he
likes to call all the soldiers and then
he suggested not only that he liked to
call all the soldiers but that prior
presidents like President Obama and
President Bush did not like to call all
the soldiers I want to tell you about
this controversy and where I think it
stands and what actually is going on
here because I think it's overblown at
least based on the evidence we've seen
so far but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at my Patriot
supply so when you were a kid did you
are a helmet before you started riding a
bike correct well when disaster strikes
you need a food supply in your house the
fact is natural disasters happen the
fact is terrorist attacks happen the
fact is there may be some time in the
future when you are going to have to
break into whatever food you got in your
house and if you don't happen to have
much in your house you could be screwed
because the grocery stores could be
empty
you could not have access to them the
government may not be able to get to you
so at least for 72 hours you need to be
able to feed yourself and your family
that's why you need to visit my friends
over at my Patriot supply right now they
are selling a 72 hour emergency food kit
for just $17 and 76 cents that's 17
dollars and 76 cents that includes free
shipping by the way you can order now at
eight eight eight eight oh three 14 13
or online at prepare with been calm it's
prepare with been calm again it's $17 76
cents for 72 hour emergency food kit
you're prepared for any emergency with
that special low price there is a limit
for per order for per order they
believed in old-fashioned values and
they believed in you keeping your family
safe so go over to prepare with Ben comm
it's prepare with Ben calm 888 803 1413
order it now stick in your closet forget
about it until you need it you'll be a
lot safer for it again for just $17 and
76 cents get their 72-hour emergency
food kit at 888 803 1413 or prepare with
Ben calm okay so the controversy began a
couple of days ago when President Trump
again always a guy who who has a
tendency to speak out of turn suggested
that prior presidents had not done
enough to reach out to the families of
slain troops here is what Trump had to
say at a press conference a couple of
days ago the traditional way if you look
at President Obama and other presidents
most of them didn't make also a lot of
them didn't make calls I like to call
when it's appropriate when I think I'm
able to do it okay so he says he likes
to call him when he's able to do it but
other presidents haven't always called
and this of course drove a huge
firestorm because the suggestion seemed
to be the Trump was saying he is better
at calling the families of slain
soldiers than other presidents have been
which is not true there is no evidence
to this effect this created a huge
controversy as I said yesterday the
response of the media was not Trump is
saying evidence list things the response
of the media was Trump doesn't care
about the soldiers himself right the
media couldn't just restrict themselves
to the narrative that Trump was speaking
off the top of his head again and saying
terrible things again instead they had
to go to Trump is the one who really
doesn't care about the troops and then
conveniently conveniently from President
Trump the reason he was talking about
this is because he was he asked about
some so
were killed in Niger during one of his
missions and he hadn't tweeted in 12
days about it and had apparently not
called these people yet but he was going
to call them so all this happens and
then he calls the family of one of the
of one of the slain soldiers this the
slain soldier was Sergeant David
Tomlinson Yvette Johnson sorry and LU
David Johnson was killed in niger two
weeks ago and he leaves behind wife two
children his wife is pregnant with their
third and they married for a long time
obviously a very handsome young hero of
the country clearly and and so Trump
then called up the widow so yesterday
Trump calls up the widow and according
to the not according to the widow
according to a congresswoman in
fredericka Wilson
Trump was very rude to her he was just
terrible to her here's fredericka Wilson
talking about this is very convenient
the narrative right so the narrative was
Trump said that other people didn't care
enough about the troops the media said
Trump doesn't care about enough about
the troops and within 48 hours we have a
national controversy over whether Trump
was cruel to a widow right kind of
convenient how all that worked out so
here is here is Frederica Wilson making
that claim you know he knew what he was
signing up for yeah you say that
you know something to me that is
something that you can say in a
conversation but you shouldn't say that
to a grieving widow and everyone knows
when you go to war you could possibly
not come back alive but you don't remind
the grieving widow they're so
insensitive he should not have said that
and he shouldn't have said it okay so
here is the so Trump responds to all of
this by saying Democratic congresswoman
totally fabricated what I said to the
wife of a soldier who died in action and
I have proof sad exclamation point so it
is now some hours later he tweeted that
about five hours ago he has yet to
provide the proof that he talked about I
hope that he will because here is the
reality okay if Trump called up this
grieving widow and all he said was I
guess he knew what he signed up for
that's pretty terrible okay we have to
acknowledge that that is pretty terrible
there are two ways to read the comment
however and here is where the vagueness
gets me okay there are two ways to read
that comment if you call up the family
of a slain police officer firefighter
soldier and you say to them well you
know they died I guess yeah I know what
they signed up for it's pretty heartless
first of all number one most soldiers
don't go into battle thinking they're
going to die okay the the ratio is
someone on Twitter was saying this and I
think this is correct
the ratio of American soldiers who
served in Iraq versus American soldiers
who died in Iraq is one to five thousand
so that means that mostly the vast vast
vast vast majority of soldiers who serve
of servicemembers who serve are not
