so are we gonna go to nuclear war with
North Korea who knows it's on Twitter
Plus president Trump is threatening the
fake news again and Steve Bannon
completely loses his mind for the 97th
time that I'd personally know about I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so many magical things happening I know
we're right back here it's a second show
of the year and already President Trump
is in top form
last night he went on Twitter and issued
some all-time great tweets and we will
go through them and they are all great
they're spectacular but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
helix leave so perhaps you lost sleep
last night not just because you were
thinking of the possibility of a nuclear
missile dropping on your home thanks to
president Trump's Twitter feed but also
because your mattress sucks well that's
why you need to go over to my friends at
helix sleep helix leap offer something
that you don't that does not exist
anywhere else a mattress that is
personalized to your unique preferences
and sleeping style that won't set you
back thousands of dollars go to helix
sleep calm / bed and you take their
simple two to three minutes sleep quiz
they ask you your body type do you like
sleeping on your back you like sleeping
on your stomach or on your side do you
like your mattress to be firm do you
like it to be soft they built a custom
mattress that will be the best thing you
have ever slept on for a couple's level
evil even personalize each side of the
mattress and then your custom mattress
arrives in the mail direct to your door
will await shipping is completely free
you open up the box you pop open the
packaging and boom it inflates right in
front of you and it is just like magic
and then you get to try for a hundred
nights if you don't like it you can
return it for free if you don't like it
they will refund you info but you will
like it and you will keep it and then
you will buy for all of your friends
because that's how good helix sleep
mattresses are goto helix sleep comm
slash pin right now and you will get 50
bucks toward your custom mattress that
is helix sleep comm slash pen for $50
off toward your Oregon that's helix
sleep comm slash Ben check it out helix
sleep comm slash Ben and I would not
leave home without it
in fact I do because I can't carry the
mattress with me but if I couldn't take
it with me then I would then I would
take the mattress with me it's that good
helix weave comm slash Ben okay so
president Trump goes off on North Korea
but I don't want to start there today I
want to save that for a few minutes from
now because it's just so glorious first
I want to discuss my old boss Steve
Bannon who apparently has lost whatever
was left of his marbles after he left
the White House Steve has been trotting
around globe-trotting
going to hot spots like Alabama said he
could talk with people about the glories
of Rome or sticking his reporters from
Breitbart news on unsuspecting alleged
victims of child molestation while his
own editor Alex Marlow was telling the
press openly that he believed the
victims but they still had
to investigate because they needed
protect Trump or something in any case
Steve Allen did an interview with an
author named Michael Wolfe I don't know
what's going through bannon's head at
this point except that he's basically
lost all connection with the White House
as far as I know he's lost all
connection with his money in the Mercer
family as far as I know and that means
that he is sort of adrift in the world
the reason that this is important is
because when the media say today that a
new controversy has arisen because of
Steve Bannon where that Steve Bannon has
the secret sauce he knows all of the
evils inside the Trump administration
when they say that he has started a new
controversy understand
Steve Bannon is desperate for relevance
Steve Bannon is not a major player on
the American political scene anymore
despite the media's wishes for him to be
so-and-so whatever he has to say about
what's going on with regard to Trump
Russia collusion you got to take it with
a grain of salt now maybe it'll turn out
that there's a smoking gun maybe it'll
turn out there was some fire there and
there was actual collusion so far I have
seen nothing of the sort so far it seems
like this is a lot of overblown rhetoric
and maybe some stupidity from people
like Carter Page and George papadopolis
but I really have seen nothing so far
that suggests in any significant way
that Trump Russia campaign collusion was
a thing well the media are jumping on
bannon's comments today because Bannon
suggests the opposite so on Wednesday
former White House chief strategist
Steve Bannon who apparently upon leaving
the White House the phone bill to the
New York Times has gone down
dramatically because Steve was good
friends some of the folks over there he
tore into his former boss President
Trump the man who made him famous as
well as Trump's son Donald Jr his
son-in-law Jared Kushner as well so
basically all of his enemies inside the
administration namely all of the Trump
kids he ripped into and then he knocked
Trump as well and then because Steve is
just an unguided missile he also back
handedly swiped his own publication
Breitbart news which was the part I
found kind of hilarious so here's what
he said he spoke with the author Michael
Wolfe from Wolf's new book that book has
now been reported by the Guardian the UK
Guardian which is a far left in
newspaper which shows you Steve has a
real tendency to talk to you the
American Prospect and the Guardian and
the New York Times you know all the fake
news media that he used to cry Bannen
told Wolff that Robert Muller's
investigation would quote crack down jr.
like an egg on national TV this is a he
only speaks in metaphors from a Martin
Scorsese film as I think it's Josh
hammer pointed
or us even though the fact is that
everything that he says is a dramatic
line from a bad film everything Bannon
says so Bannon says that they will crack
down jr. like an egg on national TV
which would be weird because that's a
crime he then stated it Donald Donald
juniors campaign meeting with lawyer
associated with the Russian government
you remember Don junior back during the
campaign had a meeting with a Russian
lawyer named vessel Nix kaya and she
came to Trump Tower and she met with
some members of the campaign the members
of the campaign basically blew her off
blew Don jr. off and despite his
willingness to hear information about
Hillary Clinton no information actually
exchanged hands as far as we know and
Trump himself was not personally
involved as far as we know in any case
here's what Bannon said he said Donald
juniors campaign meeting with that
lawyer was quote treasonous or
unpatriotic or bad bleep and added that
Trump jr. and associates should have
called the FBI immediately now this is
weird you might say to yourself wait
Steve Danon weren't you part of the
campaign if you had known about this
shouldn't you have called the FBI well
Steve banned and joined the campaign in
August this happened in July so he
wasn't there for several months I guess
or at least a couple of months before
any of this but what when any of this
was happening which means he has no
special inside information but he'd
found out about it shouldn't even call
the FBI but he didn't and then he went
on 60 minutes while he was working for
the White House you remember when we had
Trenton when we had banded on the cover
of Time magazine and he called the
Russia investigation of farce in a waste
of time remember he said this on 60
minutes and everybody said look at Steve
Bannon out there defending his boss well
now he says that his boss a traitor and
the Trump campaign was treasonous so
just as soon as Steve Bannon becomes an
irrelevant Lord of nothing just as Steve
bannon's massive power devolves into
just the bag of hot gas that he is then
all of a sudden he's back out front
saying that Trump is guilty of treason
right into the media of jump down this
is both feet off Steve Bannon must know
he was there he panthan know anything
didn't know anything the other reason
the Steve ban was on the campaign is
because the Mercer money was behind him
that's the only reason Kellyanne Conway
was on the campaign I know I was there
okay the only reason that Steven was in
the White House is because the Mercer
money who's immediately shelved in a
tiny office off the Oval Office with a
white board filled with Trump promises
that Trump had not yet fulfilled and
that Bannon would leak about to the New
York Times every so often any case it
doesn't stop there if you're
fan you should be pissed to see Bannon
today because Steve Bannon just made
trouble for Trump in the middle of Trump
actually trying to push some good policy
so Bannon went on to tell wolf that's
such a meeting should have occurred
quote in a Holiday Inn in Manchester
need to New Hampshire with your lawyers
who meet with these people and
information should then have been dumped
down to Breitbart or something like that
or maybe some other more legitimate
publication so a few things about this
are hilarious
number one if you just said that it was
a treasonous meeting how does it make it
not treasonous if your lawyers are in
New Hampshire with them and it's still
treason so I'm confused about that but
my favorite thing by far in this
interview his war ban and says that the
information from the Russians should
have been dumped down to Breitbart right
first of all implying the Breitbart was
basically a vehicle for the Trump
administration and the Trump campaign
which it was and that they should have
acted illegally or at least colluded
with the Russians that Trump should have
used Breitbart as basically a go-between
with the Russian government which is
incredible admission and then finally
the admission that maybe they should
have dumped that information to some
other more legitimate publications this
ban and who is the chairman of Breitbart
news calling his own publication
illegitimate so well done Steve just
remember this guy's Darth Vader remember
he's the great genius he's the great the
great unbreakable brilliant honey badger
who was behind the Trump campaign uh-huh
or is it possible he's just a doof is it
just possible he's a loudmouth doof and
the media treat him as something special
because they hate Trump and so they want
to make it seem like bandhans the real
power behind the throne he didn't stop
there he says about Jared Kushner quote
you realize where this is going this is
all about money laundering okay well
first of all we knew that already
because Kushner was interviewed and they
requested bank records so thanks for the
revelation Steve he says Muller chose
Andrew Weissman a prosecutor first and
he has a money laundering guide their
path to effing Trump goes right through
Paul Manafort town jr. and Jared Kushner
it's as plain as a hair on your face
it goes through Deutsche Bank and all
the cushion of bleep the commissioner
bleep is greasy they're gonna go right
through that they're gonna roll up those
two guys and say play me or trade me
they're sitting on a beach trying to
stop a category five again everything he
says is from a bad movie trailer every
single thing Steve Benton has ever said
is from a bad movie trailer it's just
spectacular and what's so great about
this is that Bannon just blew himself up
with the people who made him famous
now I understand the Bandon thinks he's
gonna go with Jovanka right with Jordan
Ivanka that's his thing he's gonna go to
war with Jordan Ivanka
right but no one cares about that no one
cares about Steve bannon's little petty
internation fights the only thing people
care about at least where I come from in
the conservative movement is whether
Trump gets things done or not whether
Trump is winning or not for the policies
that we like I don't care whether Trump
even personally wins I care whether he
does policy that I like yeah but see
Bannon is out there making trouble for
Trump and now the media are going to
jump all over him of course and they're
gonna try to turn this into a big story
because they've been building up Bannen
as something he is not for a long time I
have been saying consistently for well
over a year now
Steve Bannon is not a powerful figure
Steve Bannon doesn't know anything Steve
Bannon is a leech on the ass of power
who rode Michele Bachmann's name to
Sarah Palin to Andrew Breitbart who died
to Donald Trump to the Mercer family
okay that's all that happened here
that's all that happened here but the
media will jump on this so ignore all
the media bloviating about how Trump has
abandoned he has the inside scoop
he just doesn't okay moving on now we
can finally talk about president Trump's
magnificent set of tweets last night
magnificent okay so I don't know whether
Trump just has you know John Adams once
said about Alexander Hamilton that
Alexander Hamilton had a had in a what
was it a plethora of secretions there
were not enough Horrors in the world to
suck off okay I am not joking that's
something that John Adams actually said
about Alexander Hamilton I don't know
whether Trump just builds up Twitter
secretions and then he has to let them
off on Twitter I don't know they just he
builds up steam and then he has to let
it all off on Twitter I'm not sure what
the story is there but whatever the
story is it's spectacular
okay whatever the story is it is it is
magical so last night Donald Trump takes
to Twitter and nothing prompts this like
it wasn't like Kim jong-un did anything
or like he tweeted at him or any of that
sort of thing instead Donald Trump
tweeted this thing and I will read it to
you in just a second but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Skillshare so you're getting your resume
ready for this year you don't want to be
at that job I know you don't you know
you don't write this way you're
listening my show at your workplace
right now okay the reality is you want a
better job with more money well the way
to make that happen
the best way to make that happen is to
make your skills better right to make
your resume deeper and that is what
Skillshare does it's an online learning
program with over
18,000 classes and design business
technology and more whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set or start a site of hustle or just
explore something new that's what
Skillshare is for so I've taken some of
their social media marketing classes I
took one on watercolours as I say one
day my watercolors will be sold in a
museum alongside Churchill's or
alternatively they will go directly in
the trash bin but one of those two
things will happen thanks to skill sure
skill share is offering then Shapiro
show listeners a limited time offer of
three months of skill share for just 99
cents which is pretty awesome deal sign
up go to skills share comm slash Shapiro
99 that skill shared comm slash Shapiro
99 don't forget the 99 skills shared
comm slash appear nines now you get
three months of skill share for just 99
cents right act now for the special New
Year's offer start learning today you
have all these resolutions how you're
gonna make your life better how you
gonna make your career better skills
share can help you do that get off your
butt sign up for skill share right now
or alternatively sit on your butt and
sign up for skill share right now and
then take the classes while sitting on
your butt because the classes I brought
directly to you through your computer
skill share comm slash Shapiro 99 that's
Shapiro 99 and that lets them know that
we sent you okay so here is this this is
just spectacular it's a Trump tweets
this out North Korea North Korean leader
Kim Jung hoon just stated that the
nuclear button is on his desk at all
times with someone from his depleted and
food stabbed regime please inform him
that I to have a nuclear button but it
is a much bigger and more powerful one
than his and my button works amazeballs
okay just amazing Donald Trump likes big
buttons and he cannot lie that is just
that is glorious there is is is it what
can you say except we're all going to
die
so are we actually all going tonight so
the media treated it as though we are
all going tonight media treated this as
though it is the end of the world as we
know it and they don't feel fine the
media a lot of pop culture references
today the media has basically went crazy
over this so an MSNBC analyst because
this this actually it poses for analysis
on MSNBC his name is Anand you read
Herodotus
she's a name for you and he says that
Trump's sexual insecurities are
threatening to destroy the planet so
Donald Trump is very obsessed with his
genital size and therefore
he's tweeting this out and then we're
all going to die so he's in all in with
Chris Hayes talking about again the show
is called
all in with Chris Hayes and he's talking
about sexual insecurity on national TV
anyway here is the MSNBC analyst the
famed MSNBC analyst anon garage Harada
Brad abyss perhaps never have we seen a
man whose profound sexual and masculine
insecurities are literally threatening
to annihilate the planet I mean the way
he's literally capitalizing and that
tweet is nuclear button I mean any
psychiatrist or psychologists would have
a field day with that but we all live in
a world that could literally be ended in
terms of a habitable planet no no it
won't no no come on really okay the
truth is no one takes from seriously
about this stuff no one cares
Trump says a lot of crap no one is like
really is anybody at this point going
yes we're really all going to die
and Ross dude had I thought had a great
point on Twitter last night if people
actually thought that everyone's gonna
die don't you think there'll be millions
of people in the streets protesting from
sweater feed but don't you think that
there would be like some people going
guys this be crazy right wouldn't there
be anybody who's like oh my god bilder
what wouldn't wouldn't all of my
sponsors who sell survival gear be just
doing unbelievably well because of these
tweets they're doing unbelievably well
because they sponsored with me but
wouldn't they be doing unbelievably well
because of the survival because of the
tweets wouldn't that be what's going on
no none of that's happening because no
one takes this seriously okay the
reality is then if Trump's tweets are
gonna have any impact on foreign policy
it's not gonna be because of stuff like
this okay Jimmy Kimmel though he also
goes crazy over this so Pope Jimmy is
Mary Katharine ham has termed him he
comes out he did not have his son on his
hip for this one but he did say that
there are two this is this is just
insane two maniacs arguing over who has
the bigger button he took some time off
he almost seems like a new man he's very
positive tonight just minutes ago he
tweeted North Korean leader Kim Jong
hoon just stated that the nuclear button
