another big Hillary Clinton lie blows up
the political scene Senator Jeff Flake
of Arizona is on his way out and he
slams the door on his way out we'll talk
about all of that i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show so a couple of
huge news items that i want to go
through today in detail give you my
perspective on them and give you a
little bit of background so that you
know what you're talking about when you
talk about it at the water cooler today
but before we get to that first i want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so there are a lot of places
they can get an online mattress the only
place that you should go is to my
friends over at helix sleep if you go to
helix sleep at comm slash bend you take
their simple two to three minutes sleep
quiz they ask you you know your your
height your weight your body type do you
like the mattress to be firmer do you
like to be softer do you like to be
breathability like to be kind of heat
absorbent they built a custom mattress
they'll be the best thing you've ever
slept on we had a more expensive
mattress in our bedroom and then they
sent us the helix sleep mattress and the
more expensive mattress was banished to
the other room because helix sleep is
just that good for couples they can even
personalize both sides of the mattress
everyone from GQ to Cosmo to the New
York Times are talking about helix and
you'll know why once you try it out plus
it's risk-free when your custom mattress
arrives to your door they send it to in
a box you unpack it it immediately
inflates because it's foam and shipping
is completely free you can try it for
100 nights and if you don't like it
they'll pick it up and refund you info
go to helix sleep calm slash Ben right
now and you got 50 bucks toward your
custom mattress that is helix sleep calm
/ Ben for 50 bucks off your order again
that's helix sleep calm
/ Ben they also have a bunch of other
great products like David Heelys met
helix mattress protector and the helix
foundation all these things are just
terrific products check it out over at
helix sleep comm / Ben get 50 bucks
toward your custom mattress and sleep
better at night okay so something that
may not have you sleeping well at night
and certainly doesn't have Hillary
Clinton sleeping well at night is a
story that is breaking out from the the
Washington Post last night so you need a
little bit of background to understand
what exactly is going on here so first I
have to explain you what the Trump
Russia dossier is if you remember back
to earlier this year
BuzzFeed released a dossier that was
full of information some of it more
credible than others people have been
saying that the entire dossier has been
debunked that
true some of the dossier has actually
been substantiated some of the dossier
has not the parts that were not
substantiated included the absurd
allegation that Donald Trump went to
Moscow and rented a room that the Obamas
stayed in and then had a bunch of rush
Russian prostitutes come in and pee all
over the bed right that was p8 if you
recall this it was ridiculous we made
fun of it and that of course is a not
true or at least there's no evidence to
that effect if there were then that
would be the greatest political story in
the history of mankind but it is not so
in any case that saucier comes out from
BuzzFeed earlier this year and it came
out because it had been presented the
dossier to President Trump released a
summary of the allegations had been
presented to President Trump by then FBI
director James Comey
just before Trump became president of
the United States so where did this
dossier come from the reason people were
asking this is because there were
concerns that maybe the Russians had
basically been putting out bad info and
that bad info had been used by the Obama
administration as an excuse to wiretap
all of Trump's friends right this is the
allegations the allegation is and it's
more of a conspiracy theory than an
allegation that the Russians were using
Christopher Steele basically as a cutout
this is the the spy who's responsible
for the compilation of the dossier that
he knew that the Russians were giving
him bad information he put it in the
dossier which was funded by the DNC and
the Hillary Clinton campaign that saw
CIA was then provided to the Obama FBI
and the Obama FBI used that as an excuse
to wiretap people like Carter page the
the Trump foreign policy advisor or Mike
Flynn the the one-time Trump national
security adviser that's the allegation
anyway there are a few pieces of
evidence that have to be there in order
for this allegation ultra one we have to
show that Christopher Steele the spy
actually is being played by the Russians
number two we have to show that the DNC
and Hillary knew the Christopher steel
was being played by the Russians that
would look like collusion right there
the sort of collusion that Democrats
have been accusing Trump of and three we
would have to show that the FBI in bad
faith went after people like Carter
Paige and people like Mike Flynn based
on evidence they knew was shoddy in
order to target them that contention is
is pretty extreme considering that again
if the Democrats were really focused on
just getting out bad information about
Trump then why would this dossier not
have come out and say September of 2016
like before the election it didn't so
here is the full timeline on the Trump
the Trump Russia
dossier
so Wikipedia actually has a pretty good
timeline here so I'll use that as the
basis for this in September 2015 there
was a wealthy Republican donor who
opposed to Trump's candidacy in the
Republican primary so he went to fusion
GPS and asked them to compile an apple
research file for months they did ok
then this Republicans owner after Trump
won the nomination the Republican donor
basically dropped out and that's when in
April 2016 the investigation contract
and funding was taken over by a law firm
called Perkins Coie owned by Mark Elias
or Elias he's the lawyer who represented
both the DNC and the Clinton
presidential campaign so the Hillary
campaign knew the DNC knew they Hillary
people are claiming they didn't know
that's really not credible and it was
not until after Elias came on board that
christopher Steele was hired as the
dossier compiler so the claim has been
basically that even mark Elias didn't
know Steele was the guy compiling the
dossier that's a little bit weak in June
2016 it was revealed the DNC had been
hacked by Russian sources so fusion GPS
hired Orbis business intelligence which
is a private British intelligence firm
to look into the Russian connections and
that investigation was undertaken by
Steele that's how Steele gets involved
he only gets involved after the
Democrats take over the funding for the
Trump Russia dossier he delivers his
report in a series of memos from June
through September he believed the FBI
was not taking it seriously and so it
ended up in the hands of John McCain
among other people who brought it to the
FBI and finally James Comey in January
2017 brings it to the attention of
President Trump that's the timeline on
the Trump Russia dossier so it is not
correct when that when the media say
that the Republicans funded the Steele
dossier that's not technically true they
fund at the beginning of the
investigation before Steele was involved
when the Republicans when conservatives
say that this was obvious collusion
between Hillary Clinton and the Russian
government again no evidence to that
effect in fact there is much more
evidence that the Donald Trump jr. for
example was attempting to make nice with
the Russians then that Hillary Clinton
was attempting to make nice with the
Russians at least insofar as this she
was attempting to make nice with the
Russians in all likelihood with regards
to selling twenty percent of America's
uranium stockpile but with regards to
gathering Trump Apple Intel research not
any evidence to support that also the
idea that the FBI was acting on orders
from the Kremlin in order to get Trump
that also seems like a bit of a stretch
the reason that I lay all of this out is
because I want you to have the truth
about
what exactly is happening here I think
that there there's a lot of bit lies
being told by both sides on the left
they're saying this is no big deal at
all
you know the Oppo research shows Apple
research what's the big deal the big
deal is that if you knew and we don't
know the answer to this yet if you knew
the Oppo research was based on Russian
Intel and the Russians were funneling
that Intel to Christopher Steele then it
looks like collusion so we just don't
know the answer to that one yet on the
right the same answer applies we don't
know the answer to that one yet so you
can't assume that such collusion was
taking place in the first place so
here's what the Washington Post reported
and here's the key component okay mark
Elias apparently lied to the New York
Times about his involvement in the
dossier so apparently he told Maggie
Haberman of the New York Times who's not
involved in the compilation of the
dossier at all he suggested the DNC and
the Hillary Clinton campaign did not
fund the dossier that turns out to be
false the Washington Post reports that
last night the Hillary Clinton campaign
and the Democratic National Committee
helped fund research that resulted in a
now-famous dossier containing
allegations about president Trump's
connections to Russia and possible
coordination between his campaign and
the Kremlin people familiar with the
matter said mark Elias a lawyer
representing the Clinton campaign in the
DNC retained a fusion GPS a Washington
firm to conduct the research
after that fusion GPS hired dossier
author Christopher Steele a former
British Intel officers with ties to the
FBI and the US intelligence community so
Maggie Haberman was getting all sorts of
crap over at the New York Times because
yesterday after this came out she
tweeted out quote folks involved in
funding this lied about it and with
sanctimony for a year now it just shows
you that the rabbit left is just as bad
as some of the more rabid people on the
right that they went after Maggie
Haberman tooth and nail for the so mark
Elias lied to her she said he lied to me
and she's the bad guy but she's the
problem here Maggie Haberman who has
been thoroughly thoroughly trump
skeptical from the start in any case
says fusion GPS officials had pled the
fifth before the house Intel committee
to avoid answering funding question so
there's still questions why why was the
the DNC and why were Hillary hiding this
right that's the big question here why
what do they have to hide because they
were lying about it for months or taking
the fifth like what's the big deal why
didn't they just come up front and say
listen sure we fund it an oppo research
file sure Christopher Steele was one of
those guys so so I mean if the
implication is well they were using
foreign sources to get
their Intel we already knew that from
hillery's camp they were using the
Ukrainian government to gather for an
Intel we know that political reported it
last year so again the real question
here is as always with the Clintons what
are they trying to hide
the Clintons are so bad at covering
things up that whenever they cover
things up the cover-up ends up being
worse than the original crime right
Hillary did this with regard to the the
Whitewater papers Hillary's Hillary is
still the only first lady in American
history to be fingerprinted by the FBI
Hillary Clinton did this with regard to
her email chains right she deleted
33,000 emails then claims it was
completely innocent
every clumsy attempt to obfuscate the
truth ends up making people more and
more suspicious there's a reason to be
suspicious around here there's a reason
to be suspicious about all of this
there's also reason to be suspicious
because it's not like fusion GPS hasn't
worked at the Russians before so William
Browder is a businessman who pushed for
sanctions on Russia he's testified in
the past that the Russian government
used fusion gps before to conduct a
smear campaign against him personally
Browder admitted he couldn't connect
Russian funding to the anti-trump
dossier which means president Trump's
theory of FBI Democratic Russian
collusion is not supported by the
evidence but certain key Democrats did
apparently lie about the fusion GPS
report funding and the question is why
so that question remains in open
question
and now the Democrats are pushing back
by saying listen this is just an effort
to discredit the dossier entirely well
yes it is I mean by some people on the
right I think it is a disingenuous
effort to say that everything in the
dossier has already been discredited as
I say some of it has been discredited
some of it has not but there are serious
open questions on both side of this one
what in the dossier is true to was steel
being used by the Russians three did the
Democratic Party know that steel was
being used by the Russians and four why
did the Democrats lie about all of this
if it was just an innocent Apple
research attempt right there so here is
Adam Schiff was a very militant anti
Trump guy California representative and
he says that this entire this entire
story is just an effort to discredit
Christopher steel Christopher steel no
matter who is paying for his services
may have discovered before our own
intelligence agencies that the Russians
were going to interfere in our election
on behalf of Donald Trump so we have a
lot of work to do in terms of a lot of
the claims in the dossier
but it I don't
think it really adds much value to know
who paid for it necessarily and I view
this as part of the effort to discredit
him which really doesn't advance the
investigation okay so Adam Schiff making
the case that this is all just
obfuscation well it may all be
obfuscation but the Clinton in Minister
Clinton campaign has some questions to
answer now a lot of people are doing
this routine like well Hillary Clinton
is not president so who cares why is it
a big deal if Hillary's not not
president what exactly are you whining
about and the answer is if she'd been
president you'd be saying it's beneath
her to answer these questions so
wrongdoing is still wrongdoing and again
it does shed light on the Russian
collusion stuff if in fact it turns out
that the FBI used this dossier as the
basis to wiretap people like Carter page
and Mike Flynn and it was done in
corrupt fashion with the help of the
Russian government we just don't have
that information at this point any any
suggestions to the contrary are not true
okay any suggestions to the contrary
that this the the conspiracy theories
have been confirmed not true so let's
not get out in front of the story okay I
want to get to Jeff Flake resigning from
the Senate in just a moment but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at the US concealed-carry
Association so we always hear the
stories in the news about the guy who
shoots an intruder in his house and we
think that's the end of the story right
it's all over after that no big deal
well it is a big deal because the fact
is the police are going to show up and
then they're going to ask questions
about why certain people were shot about
how you used your gun and this is why
you need to know how to talk to the
police you also need to know how to
handle a gun around the house how to
handle a gun in public scenario you will
learn in the 2017 concealed-carry and
family defense guide from the US
concealed carry Association you'll learn
how to detect attackers before they see
you how to survive a mass shooting the
safest and most dangerous places to sit
in a restaurant how to responsibly own
and store a gun even if you have little
kids and a whole lot more it's 164 pages
of great advice and knowledge that you
need about concealed carry and weapon
ownership generally it comes with a
bonus audio version so you can even
listen in your car this life-changing
guide is 100% free for a limited time
you also get a but a bonus home defense
checklist go to defend my family now
calm defend my family now calm for 100%
free instant access right now that's
defending my family now calm again
defend my family now calm okay so the
other big story of the day is the chaos
that's broke
now inside the Republican Party and it's
also it's it's all around Jeff Flake as
well as the as well as senator bob
Corker so we talked about corker
yesterday and the fact that corker is
really kind of an oozy sleazy guy and
that he and Donald Trump have now gone
at it and so corker is is in opposition
to president Trump somewhat conveniently
and has decided who's not going to run
for reelection now corker if you'd run
for reelection probably would have won
Jeff Flake is a bit of a different story
I think the story that's being told to
you by the media today is not true okay
the story that's being told to you by
the media today is basically Jeff Flake
intrepid Trump fighter struck down in
the prime of his young career because he
stood up against the nastiest man in the
universe Donald Trump Breitbart and
Trump stand ascendant over the prone
flex body as flake speaks the truth to
power that's the story that you're
getting and you're getting it from all
sides you're getting it from flakes camp
you're getting it from the Breitbart
Trump people and you're getting it from
the media and I have to say I don't
think this story is even close to the
full story so first let me express what
I think the interests are for everyone
in doing what happened yesterday so to
move back a little bit Jeff Flake
yesterday the senator from Arizona
announced he would not run for
reelection and then he gave a long
speech just ripping into President Trump
as well as Republicans who were who were
you know basically soft-pedaling
President Trump for a long time now it's
a flex you know to flex credit in terms
of consistency flake did not endorse
President Trump during the last election
cycle and was very critical of President
Trump so I'm not saying that his
opposition to President Trump is
insincere I think it is sincere but I
think the problem for for Jeff Flake is
that he knew that he was going down and
so for the past few months he's
basically attempted to carve out a
position as the anti-trump guy right the
guy who's going to earn strange new
respect from the left for saying things
about Trump now I want to be fair here
I've said a lot of the same things about
President Trump Jeff Flake says about
President Trump I agree with a lot of
what Jeff Flake says about President
Trump but the difference is that I also
compliment Trump when I think he does
something right and I also acknowledge
that people voted for Trump
not because they embraced trumpism not
