and I got a football scholarship it
basically changed the course of my life
took me out of that one-bedroom
apartment in the hood put me on a
college campus and started my career as
a journalist so here we are it's the
Sunday special my special guest today is
Jason Whitlock he is the host of Fox
Sports ones
speak for yourself and we have a lot to
get to today obviously sports have been
in the news in a major way and Jason's a
really unique thinker we're gonna talk
to him for the full hour as Larry can we
put it but first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at zip recruiter so
hiring is challenging but there's one
place you can go our hiring is simple
and fast and smart it's a place where
growing businesses connect to qualified
candidates that place is zip recruiters
calm and use the slash bed and guess
because they get a special deal zip
recruiter sends your job to over 100 of
the web's leading job boards but they
don't stop there with their powerful
matching technology zip recruiter scans
thousands of resumes to find people with
the right experience and invite them to
apply to your job and as the
applications come in zip recruiter
analyzes each one they spotlight the top
candidates so you never miss a great
match the zip recruiter is so effective
80% of employers who post on zip
recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site within the first day
which should be of little comfort to the
people in this room me I can fire them
all tomorrow and just zip recruit I'll
make it that much better with results
like that it's no one or zip recruiter
is the highest rated hiring site in
America and right now my listeners can
try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web addresses if recruiter
comm slash been guest because I have a
guest at zipper career.com been guest
ven gue est zip recruiters comm slash
been guest it is the smartest way to
hire and as I say you're gonna want to
try because it makes sure that you got
the best candidates it also ensures that
you are the person who has the most
control over those candidates you'll
make your company better check it out
zip recruiters comm slash been guests to
let them know we sent you and a try it
out for free
alrighty so Jason Whitlock thanks so
much for coming in I really appreciate
it honored to be here really
appreciative see you so Jason for folks
who don't know and who are listening
Jason I'm just gonna get this right out
you're black so if you're listening and
you couldn't tell Jason is a black man
and that means that because he does not
subscribe to the sort of leftist party
platform on a bunch of issues that we're
going to be talking about Jason is the
preeminent sports journalism Uncle Tom
is that is that the language they
typically
would be accurate over Twitter and
social media I don't know if my mom and
family would agree with that so let's
get into it let's start there let's
start with you know what your upbringing
is and then we'll get into politics and
sports cuz obviously that intersection
is becoming incredibly incredibly
popular and powerful right now so where
do you come up what's your background
I'm from Indianapolis Indiana of my
parents my dad was a high school dropout
joining the army came back and became a
entrepreneur in the inner city my mom
high school graduate factory worker they
divorced when I was young four or five
years old I have an older brother and so
me and my brother move we live with my
mom
initially start out in the hood
my mom our apartment gets broken into
when me and my brother on a weekend trip
visiting with my dad and his new wife
and my mom didn't tell us at the time
but she was at home when someone broke
into our apartment climbed through the
window and she just happened to wake up
and walk in the kitchen the guys in the
in the window
she takes a second job and moves us to a
working-class neighborhood and that kind
of started changing the direction of our
life my senior year of high school
though my mom had because of her job
transfer to Kansas City Missouri I move
in with my dad and at this time my dad
is flat on his butt me and my dad lived
in a one hundred square foot one-bedroom
apartment my senior year of high school
I stayed in that because I was an
excellent high school football player
and I got a football scholarship that
basically changed the course of my life
took me out of that one-bedroom
apartment in the hood put me on a
college campus and started my career as
a journalist so how did that work which
college did you go to and how did you
actually get into the sports journalism
side of things as opposed to just
playing
Ball State University was where I got
the football scholarship about an hour
north of Indianapolis the journalism
thing came because when I was a kid my
dad's a huge newspaper reader and huge
Pacer fan I
was a huge pacer fan and so I started
following the Pacers in the newspaper
everyday and one day I ran across a
column from Mike Royko outside of the
sports section and I instantly fell in
love with microwork oh and so that
started my passion for newspaper Beyond
was just the sports section and so when
I get to college originally I'm signed
up to be an accounting major I get into
math class and say my counties not for
me and a friend said Jason you read the
newspaper every day you should be a
journalist and my mind immediately went
oh man I want to be like Mike and not
Jordan but I want to be like Mike Royko
and ever since then that was my passion
I switched my major to journalism and I
wanted to be the micro eco sport that's
amazing so how did you get your first
job where did you go from there
interesting B I played football at Ball
State and I socialized at Ball State and
I occasionally studied to be the next
microwave cook so I wasn't really
qualified for a full-time job when I
graduated from Ball State I played
football I hadn't done internships like
kids did during my era and so I got a
part-time job in Bloomington Indiana at
$5 an hour covering high school sports
in Bloomington Indiana where Indiana
University is and I tell young people
this one of the reasons I was able to
take that job at five dollars an hour is
because I had no responsibilities I
didn't have a kid I wasn't married
there was no responsibility I had so I
could start at the very bottom for very
little money I lived in a one-room
efficiency and I just worked really
really hard from there to move up and I
ended up from I did that for a year then
I got a job at the Charlotte Observer
covering high school sports and I think
I got that job for four hundred and
three dollars a week again not a lot of
money but I was passionate did that for
about 18 months and then I got a job at
the Ann Arbor News and Ann Arbor
Michigan covering the Fab five
basketball team and that pretty much
launched my career covered Michigan
football and basketball for those two
years and then got a column writing job
in 1994 at the Kansas City Star and
that's when I got to start trying to be
the microwaveable sport and that's
that's where I first saw you so I first
engaged with your material because I
used to get up really early in the
morning with my dad on Sunday mornings
and we hop in the den and before my
sisters were awake and we turn on sports
reporters on ESPN and you were a
frequent guest on our works recorders
when one of my favorite guests on sports
reporters and there it was that I first
saw that you had a different political
perspective and a different worldview so
let's talk a little bit about what
shaped your worldview because before we
get to what your worldview is and and
all the ways in which this distinguishes
you and why you taking so much flak for
that worldview what do you think your
biggest influences were in terms of
world you because you're not really an
overtly political guy per se no my
biggest influences are my grandmother
mama lovey was my mom's mom she's the
greatest human being that's ever existed
she put a religious foundation in me my
brother my mother by everybody and so I
grew up in a little small Church in
Indianapolis that my mother took us to
every Sunday it was my grandmother's
Church and so that's probably the most
critical piece of of what was put in me
and then I would say the second piece is
just my parents in terms of my dad again
he didn't graduate high school but he
joined the army after he got in a little
bit of trouble and then when he came
back that's when he got married to my
mom and all that but my dad became an
entrepreneur because he worked at the
Chrysler Motor Company Foundation and
he's reading the autobiography of
malcolm x on his lunch break and his
supervisor and a couple of co-workers
ridiculed and/or complained about him
reading the autobiography of malcolm x
and my dad ain't gonna work no where
were they telling me what I can read who
blah blah and so he started a barber
shop and then eventually he started a
small nightclub of black chairs in the
ghetto because he said I don't want to
work for people I want to be my own boss
and my dad worked at his bar eventually
he owned another one called the
masterpiece lounge and he worked at that
until his death
he built a brand new home in the black
community he carved out happiness for
himself here in America through his own
entrepreneurial spirit and what fit his
lifestyle he lived in the black
community he had a business in the black
community his existence was black and
relatively happy here in America my
mother again factory worker took a
second job to put me and my brother in a
safer environment went to work every day
one of the most amazing work ethics
you'll ever see in any human being but
particularly a woman at that time and so
me and my brother we just value going to
work every day and showing up and being
reliable because that's what our parents
were and so those two things and then
journalistically just becoming a micro
fan where I read his books and things
like that that kind of shaped my
worldview microwave Co was not someone
that I agreed with maybe 50% of the time
I agreed with his point of view but I
always thought he was coming from a very
honest real perspective that fit his
upbringing and I just enjoyed it and so
as when I moved into journalism I just
kept thinking about micro eco and it's
not whether I agree or disagree with you
are you coming from a real place is what
I value the most are you being authentic
to your upbringing and so I just think
those three things are probably because
right now to this day I can't tell you
what my coracle was politically I don't
know I truly don't know a Democrat I
know he was very critical of Mayor Daley
and the political machine there in
Chicago but I don't I don't know who he
voted for and maybe I'm an idiot but I I
read a lot of his columns I owned a lot
of his books but I don't know and so for
me I think we're we're probably go
negative I'm kind of a political I don't
like politics I've never voted troubles
my parents troubles everybody that knows
me but I just can't stand politics and
I'm skeptical of politicians their
authenticity but also
just as a journalist I recognized early
on I don't want anybody to judge me
based on my politics and so I stay out
of it for the most part and so that's
why I've I've never voted but and I also
think that if you're listening if you
tie in all the pieces together I just
have a working-class point of view I
think there's a lot of people that get
involved in the media and think and try
to pretend like they're representing the
point of view of the under of the
underclass or the lower-class or the
working class and they're really just
representing the views of the elite III
don't so many and this particularly I
think is a tube with black journalists
so many of them actually come from the
upper-class
that they don't really know how to
represent people from the lower class or
from the ghetto
or the disadvantaged they don't know how
and so what they're really representing
or elitist views and what works for
black people of privilege and my values
all come from a very work that my
father's bar was just working-class
people obviously my parents
working-class people my grandmother you
know worked at RCA just a working-class
person so that's what shaped my views
and then I think the personal
responsibility seems to be the one kind
of uniting moral value that you tend to
espouse and that brings into conflict
with a lot of the politics that have
been infused in sports I want to jump
into that a little bit which is let me
stop because I left off a big one I've
got a very big one football has shaped
my values and if you in sports have
shaped my values and if you understand
anything that's preached in sports in
any team environment and of it the if
there's a problem on the team don't look
outside the locker room every coach
preaches this we must fix our problems
right here within this locker room don't
blame the refs don't blame fans for not
showing up don't blame the other
teammates sheeted or whatever no no no
no right here we're going
fix our problems right and I just
believe in that so in the last couple of
years that perspective has come back to
both make you more prominent and also
bite you in the sense that colin
kaepernick obviously made big headlines
with his kneeling on the sidelines
routine and during the during the
national anthem and this obviously
become a cause celeb now for a lot of
folks on the political left and
obviously president Trump likes to talk
about it a lot and it's become this very
divisive issue you took the perspective
that Kaepernick shouldn't be doing that
and why do you think that is it seems
like there are a few different aspects
that there was the police brutality
aspect there was the national anthem
aspect where was that coming from well
okay I'll just and I don't want to
denigrate Colin Kaepernick but he didn't
come from where I came from and he was
adopted by a white suburban family he is
of mixed race I'm not denigrating any of
that I just it just fits in to my point
of view that he comes from a privileged
background whether he acknowledges it or
not and his worldview is privileged and
he thinks he's helping disadvantaged
and/or poor black people with what he's
doing and he's actually not they created
a calm he created a conversation about
the national anthem because nothing he
did was strategic again he thinks you
can affect change with emotion or with
some symbolic act that's not well
thought out he doesn't understand that
Martin Luther King and the people the
civil rights movement that was a very
strategic executed plan we're gonna
there was Rosa Parks wasn't the first
person who'd not give up her seat on the
bus another woman who had a legitimate
child did it first but they understood
that didn't work well politically so
let's have Rosa do it and that will
start the bus striking but so I just
think Kaepernick has done something
that's unplanned he started a
conversation about the national anthem
not about the issues he's saying he's
trying to address and I think it's
because he just doesn't know what he
doesn't know and I see social media
feeding his
lack of knowledge and anybody that tries
to step in and say hey Colin you're
making a mistake here
Colin there is a better way if you want
to address these issues there's a better
way anybody that does that get shouted
down as an awful Tom or a or
someone who doesn't have the interest of
black people when actually we're just
trying to say hey Kaepernick what you've
done isn't effective there's a better
way and perhaps because anybody that
knows Colin Kaepernick he's not equipped
to carry this conversation that's why he
avoids interviews he doesn't want to be
cross-examined because he'll fall apart
because he doesn't understand these
issues and so anybody like me who raises
a hand and says well hold on Colin and
your supporters I've actually had a very
close relative killed by police
brutality May 2012 Antoine Anton Butler
cousin that I helped raise I pay for his
funeral I shed real tears killed in
Indianapolis I understand how this
happens and it's not really about police
brutality because they don't understand
that there's an America is a
capitalistic society there's no money to
be made through police brutality that
costs the government money lots of money
there's always a settlement with the
family millions of dollars the
government is already very motivated to
stop police brutality because it's not
cost-effective mass incarceration is
actually a money-making industry and so
what I've tried to explain the black was
like let's say you want to go
conspiratorial what the government our
business interests actually have is
interest in people being politely
escorted to prison so they can make
money
you know they got beds to fill
themselves and the private critics they
need they don't need dead people there's
no money to be made that's a money loser
and so your argument falls apart and so
if you really understand what makes poor
people or anybody vulnerable to the
police it's the mass incarceration issue
but it's all
so just a society with as many guns as
we have I'm just this is this is going
to happen so I want to talk to you about
that in just one second because there's
a bunch of issues to unpack first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over a
policy genius so look you know you need
life insurance but you just haven't
gotten around to it but guys haven't get
around what your are gonna be dead and
then you're screwed because you don't
have life insurance
so if anything were to happen it's
important that your loved ones are taken
care of and that's why policy genius
exists they've made comparing and buying
life insurance really easy they took the
whole shopping process online in five
minutes you can compare quotes from over
15 life insurance providers and when you
compare quotes you save money it's that
simple policy genius has helped over 4
million people shop for insurance
they've placed over 20 billion dollars
in coverage and they don't just insure
life they do everything else they can
compare health insurance and disability
insurance and pet insurance and renter's
insurance if you've been putting off
getting life insurance there's no reason
to put it off any longer I know you're
gonna go out on the lake this summer
and you might get killed the boating act
I'm not saying that's gonna happen to
you but if it were to do that if you
were to die in a boating accident make
sure that your family's at least taken
care of you idiot to go to policy genius
calm get quotes applying minutes it is
that easy
and you can do it right now and you
should because their rates are their
lowest in 20 years its policy genius
