Democrats double down on their screechy
rhetoric Google is trying to usher in an
era of civility and the Saudis are in
hot water I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show here we are live from
Memphis yesterday I took my young deputy
Colton over to Graceland and we visited
with with Elvis and communed with the
King so that was kind of fun and then
wasn't spoke at University of Memphis so
that was a blast last night terrific
crowd thousand people showed up some
people in the overflow room it was
really just an awesome experience
we're gonna get to all the news of the
day in just one second but first let me
tell you would you like to be dressed
like a stud fellows I mean do you want
to dress like a killer well the way to
do that is to check it out over at Indo
Chino they're the world's most exciting
made-to-measure men's wear a company
they make suits and shirts to your exact
measurements for an unparalleled fit and
comfort guys love the wide selection of
high quality fabrics and colors to
choose from the option to personalize
the details including lapel lining
pockets buttons you can write your own
monogram if you go into one of their
showrooms then they will do all this
stuff for you and you actually get to
pick the the cloth out you get to pick
the look it's really fun and you do feel
like James Bond or you can just go to
their site at Indo Chino comm choose
your fabric inside and out to choose
those design customizations and then
relax well everything gets
professionally tailored and then sent to
you chinos originated 120 years ago as
part of a British French military
uniform
they're designed to be simple durable
comfortable in camouflage and earthy
tones well fast forward to recent times
this fashion classic has changed very
little until now because Indo chinos are
tailored for the perfect fit and
customizable to suit any personal taste
and style this week my listeners get any
premium into Indo Chino suit for just
359 bucks at Indo Chino comm when you
enter Shapiro at checkout again that's
Indo Chino dot-com for any premium Indo
Chino suit just three hundred fifty nine
dollars
Indo chinos an introductory price of 79
bucks in the United States also that'd
be their special Chino so go check those
out as well shipping is free Indo Chino
comm promo code Shapiro for any premium
suit for just 359 bucks and free
shipping once you custom once you go
custom you don't go rack its punny and
also awesome go check it out right now
okay so the Democrats are doubling down
on their commitment
incivility this should not be a shock to
anyone it really should not and I'm kind
of surprised frankly that so many
members of the media are pushing back
against the idea the Democrats embrace
anger and mob centric politics so Eric
Holder the Attorney General the
execrable attorney general he's the only
person who earns an execrable rating
from me outside of Michael moles is in
fact Eric Holder Eric Holder who's a
terrible terrible Attorney General he
came out and he said that our old
strategy in the Democratic Party used to
go when they go low we go high well now
our strategy is when they go low we kick
them here is Eric Holder saying just
that it is time for us as Democrats to
be as tough as they are to be as
dedicated as they are to be as committed
as they are Michelle always says
Michelle Byrom I love her you know
she my wife like really tight which
scares me abrupt Michelle which says you
know when they go low no they go low we
kick and Eric Holder knows of what she
speaks considering how he used the
office of the Attorney General to
protect his wingman Barack Obama yeah
there are a lot of folks are very upset
at Eric Holder today for saying this and
yes it's violent rhetoric
he then clarified that he didn't mean
that literally obviously but this is the
sort of rhetoric that Democrats have
been using for quite a while and it
turns out that a lot of Democrats do
mean this stuff literally so for example
there's his woman who wrote a piece for
The Huffington Post
her name is nine econo and she's very
excited because she went and screamed at
Mitch McConnell here's some tape of her
screaming at Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell these women who are
talking to you about their surviving
story
why are you but to be meeting the
persons walking to keep me Jenna
McConnell is Willie telling you that she
shook the hand of a man while a woman is
shy at supper story Senator Carlos you
always turn your back on living like
this especially women of color who are
all sexual assualt of my favorite part
of that is where she says that all women
of color are sexual assault victims
which is pretty amazing I mean not like
really all of them I mean as some of
them I'm sure but but all of them it's
pretty amazing statement
she wrote a piece for The Huffington
Post called I confronted Mitch McConnell
and interrupted Susan Collins and I'll
do it again she says I am the executive
director of positive women's network
because she seems very positive a
national network of women in transgender
people living with HIV but you may know
me as one of those people who followed
McConnell through Washington DC's
National Airport last week as seen in a
tweet that quickly went viral I and
others like me confronted McConnell and
other politicians in airports and
offices and elevators earlier this month
because they refused to meet with the
people whom they allegedly represent
what happened at the airport that
afternoon is only one part of the story
and she talks about how she's harassed
Susan Collins and screamed at Susan
Collins during her speech affirmative
affirming her vote for Kavanagh she says
I will do it all again whenever and
wherever I am needed and I'm not alone
says there are tens of millions of us
with a lot of skin in the judicial game
women people of color LGBTQ individuals
people with disabilities and chronic
health conditions the Supreme Court has
the power to interpret uphold and
enforce laws in ways that ensure our
democratic and human rights or it can
entrench privilege and power for the
already privileged and powerful we in
all our diversity and rage are the
future and then she suggests that this
is how she wants things to go from now
on she says we will keep screaming we
will continue to confront our elected
officials wherever we encounter them we
will not be dissuaded by the police or
fines or jail time we are survivors not
just of sexual violence but of an entire
system that was designed to keep us in
our place so it's gonna be a lot of
screaming from here all the way to the
end my favorite part of this continues
to be the media gaslighting everybody no
no no these aren't mobs these folks are
members of mobs there's angry people you
know like angry people in groups
screaming at people and doing stuff
which normally we would call like a mob
but they're not a mob because they're
Democrats and this is what the media do
when I'm gonna say it when it's a I'm
gonna say Democratic mob it's not a mob
it's a group of angry people when it's a
Republican group of politically
concerned people not even doing anything
remotely violent then it's a mob here is
Don Lemon doing his damnedest to ensure
that people don't hear the truth about
what Democrats are doing in the public
square the real mob is a mob of white
supremacists who killed a woman in
Charlottesville killed killed people who
are voicing their opinion about
something that they don't believe in or
that's they think is bad for them is how
the government how the country works
that's not a mob well I love that the
only standard for mob is they killed
someone now there's never been a mob
outside of mobs that kill somebody and
by the way it's important to note that
in Charlottesville the person who killed
somebody did so when he got in his car
and drove away from his own mob and then
went and rammed into somebody so wasn't
like the mob went crazy ran over a bunch
of gates and then started destroying
people they did that but that didn't
result in the death so even by his own
logical standard it doesn't make sense
Charlottesville was a mob that's the
point but it's not the only mob and yet
folks on CNN are very very strong in
their belief that the only sort of mob
that's real is right-wing mobs Maxine
Waters also trotting out this talking
point Maxine Waters the same woman who
said in front of a crowd that people
should confront and get in the face of
people at gas stations and restaurants
and they should harass folks in public
places now she says well the only real
type of mob is mob that has to do with
President Trump that's the only real
kind of mob they're trying to change the
description of protests and call it a
mob
well this president is the poster boy
for what a mob protester looks like okay
so from is the definition of a poster
boy for a mob but you're changing the
definition of a mob in order to actual
label actually label mobs mobs make
perfect sense to me Senator Mike Lee
he's a friend of mine and also I think a
very solid citizen and he came out and
he said listen we got he got doxxed last
week there are meaning
there was a staffer for a Democrat who
revealed his personal information he
says that sort of unsafe that seems sort
of like a mob tactic maybe it's terrible
it leaves us feeling very unsafe
like my wife is had to be followed to
the park by the local police they're not
a pleasant thing Hey the the fact that
the Democrats are now suggesting they're
not involved in these sorts of mob
tactics is really kind of astonishing
especially because there's a long
history of Democrats using the mobs as
political tools see there is this
strategy it's called a Fred Segal who's
an author of a great book called the
future was once here about major
American cities destroyed by Democratic
liberalism he calls it riot ideology a
riot ideology according to Fred Segal is
this belief that riots are a reflection
of deep underlying social ills that can
only be cured by more government and
what you would see from the Democrats is
an attempt to actually forward mob
politics to forward the mob to feed the
braying mob to make the mob larger to
encourage riots and then turn around Hey
look at this this riot is happening
because the people are angry the only
way to cure this is to give the people
what they want
aka more government or dollars or
something else this is a tactic of the
Democrats it has been an actual tactic
of Democrats for generations Marion
Barry who ended up being mayor of
Washington DC he said regarding the
Black Panthers who are a violent actual
terrorist group says I know for a fact
that white people get scared of the
Panthers and they might look at somebody
a little bit more moderate and say well
let's give them money and said there he
is supporting them up New York Mayor
John Lindsay who is a very very liberal
Republican he said that mass unrest
could be the spur to more leftist
policies he said quote our experiences
that some good can come of confrontation
politics you remember when the left
fully embraced the Occupy Wall Street
movement despite their crime and
violence despite the fact that they were
occupying public places and turning them
into pigsty Jay Carney the White House
press secretary under Obama said of
Occupy Wall Street quote one man's mob
is another man's democracy you remember
when Barack Obama expressed sympathy for
rioters in cities ranging from Baltimore
to Ferguson he said this about the
situation in Ferguson he said those who
are only interested in focusing on the
violence
and just want the problem to go away
need to recognize that we have work to
do here and we shouldn't try to paper it
over whenever we do that the anger may
momentarily subside but over time it
builds up and America isn't everything
that it could be in other words riots
are always an expression of public anger
so long as the public anger moves us in
the direction of more government
liberalism in fact Barack Obama was not
afraid to use the mob as a catalyst for
his policy preferences basically
throughout his entire career right after
the 2008 financial crisis President
Obama takes office he's a big meeting
when a bunch of bank CEOs and at that
meeting he turns to them and he says you
basically ought to cave to my entire
agenda because if you don't I will let
the mob get you this is a direct quote
from Barack Obama reported by a
political quote my administration is the
only thing between you and the
pitchforks that is demagoguery sure
demagoguery and of course when it comes
to sort of this casually violent
language President Obama is no exception
he's used this language too it was Jim
Messina his White House deputy chief of
staff who said the Democrats should
punch back twice as hard
it was Barack Obama who said if they
bring a knife to the fight we bring a
gun and told people to get in their face
and as Barack Obama saying that so all
the talk about Trump is unique in
American politics because of the way he
talks and that's what's causing all of
us just not true you have to be
historically ignorant to think this and
it has been a long-standing part of the
Democratic agenda to use mobs in order
to achieve political purposes I'll
explain more in just a second but first
let's talk about your comfort your
comfort down below okay dudes
close your eyes well unless you are
driving right now imagine yourself in
your current underwear would you be
proud of your underwear choice today if
the driver in front or behind you saw it
first of all I don't know why you'd have
your butt out the window but if you did
and the other drivers saw what was on it
would you be proud of your underwear
choice if the answer is no you need to
talk to my to the friends over at Tommy
John Tommy John is the clothing brand
that is redefining comfort for men and
women they obsess over every little
detail and stitch these fabrics that
perform like nothing you've ever worn
before Tommy John's men's and women's
underwear Sport a no wedgie guarantee
which would have been super helpful for
me in high school
comfortable stay put waist bands and a
range of fabrics that are luxuriously
soft feather-light moisture wicking
breathable and designed to move with you
not against you Tommy John is so
confident in their underwear and if you
don't love your first pair
can get a full refund with their best
pair you'll ever wear or it's free
guarantee all of that includes their
life changing women's underwear which is
now fully back in stock so before you
spend another dime on cheap
heat-trapping multi pack underwear
check out Tommy John no adjustment
needed go to Tommy John comm slash
appear oh now save 20% on your first
order that's Tommy John comm slash
apparel for 20% off again Tommy John
comm slash Shapiro's so back to this
Democratic mob politics routine I'm very
familiar with this because they've been
doing this on college campuses they
basically incentivize violence on
college campuses by saying that if
things get too violent well then we'll
just BAM conservatives very convenient
and as my there's violence over at
Berkley and so the administration will
say well we've got a band conservative
speakers until we can get a hold of the
situation which is basically the rioters
veto we experienced this at DePaul
University last year when students
suggested that they might get riotous
and violent over me visiting campus and
so DePaul simply banned me and then they
threatened to arrest me if I showed up
there's tape of me standing in front of
a security guy there head of security
there who's telling me that if I take
one step forward he will arrest me and
it's truly amazing stuff
Democrats have engaged in this sort of
stuff for a very long time and it's
always rich to hear what they're willing
to label a mob folks on the Left were
perfectly willing to label not only
Trump supporters a mob but go back a few
years before that I'm old enough to
remember the Tea Party which was in
large part a bunch of people standing
around carrying don't tread on me flags
and reading the Declaration of
Independence at rallies I went to a
bunch of Tea Party events I spoke at a
bunch of Tea Party events I was a
charter member of the Tea Party the left
called them mobs the left said that the
tea partiers were mobs they said occupy
which was involved in actual criminal
activity many many many literally dozens
and dozens maybe hundreds of arrests
across the country of Occupy protesters
that was not a mob but the Tea Party was
mob the Tea Party was really a mob Jimmy
Hoffa jr. I remember there's some events
in 2011 I remember him introducing
President Obama there and suggesting
that the tea party were quote sons of
 and he said well let's take
these sons of out right because
they were a mob for Democrats any form
of Republican speech is demagoguery and
being a mob anytime you get more than
two Republicans in an area together its
mob but Democrats who are actually
charging the steps of the Supreme Court
and bashing on the 13-ton doors and
chanting stop Brett Kavanaugh those
people are not a mob people who are
running through the Senate heart
building trying to buttonhole senators
in elevators without security protocol
those people are not a mob it's not a
mob when folks go to Washington DC find
conservatives and then rip up their
signs that's not a mob it's not a mob
when you have Occupy Wall Street
occupying large swaths of land into
Fayette the filing into facing it not a
mob the only mob is Charlotte Schultz
the only mob we've ever seen and we keep
hearing this from the media it is the
only mob the only mob is the mob in
Charlottesville that of course is not
true it's silly and more than that it is
obviously politically motivated in the
media are part of this whole routine so
the the left is is making the case that
their politics is not the politics of
the mob
instead anybody who's angry at the
politics of the mob anybody who's angry
at the attempts you get Brett Kavanaugh
for example the mob justice
that was attempted I'm Brett Kavanaugh
and it was mob justice there's no due
process he was just going to have his
life ended essentially by a bunch of
people screaming the folks on the Left
have decided that any resistance to that
is just because you are a privileged
white person Charles blow who's aptly
named over at the New York Times he has
a column today called white male
victimization anxiety and here is what
he says he says during the swearing-in
of justice Brett Kavanaugh on Monday
Donald Trump took it upon himself to
apologize to Cavanaugh and his family on
behalf of our nation for the terrible
pain and suffering you've been forced to
endure he repeated the tire lines that
he and Republicans hope will stick and
