so President Trump has a new nickname
for stormy Daniels and Elizabeth
Warren's native-american tale collapses
and Michael avenatti had a bad day and
now he's having a slightly better days
we will get into all the avenatti
related things I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
this is certainly the most entertaining
timeline I mean I don't know what
happened what black hole we fell through
to emerge from the other side where the
President of the United States is
calling a woman horseface he once had
sex with and she is insulting his
genitalia as a mushroom character from a
1997 video game but all I can say is I'm
very happy fell into this particular
black hole because it's deeply
interesting I have so much to say about
so many things today but first let's
talk about another podcast that you
should actually listen to there are
hundreds of thousands of legal cases in
litigation every day in the United
States court system most of them will
never reach the media's attention but
the ones that you know about well you
don't know as much as you think you do
which is why you ought to listen to a
podcast from andriy called legal wars
host Hill Harper gives you
behind-the-scenes access into some of
the most famous cases to have ever
graced America's courtrooms you'll hear
about influential cases that have
changed the face of America things like
the Rodney King trial or Anna Nicole
Smith's battle for her inheritance or
the takedown of the gossip site Gawker
go listen to legal Wars on Apple podcast
the first episode is about Hulk Hogan
versus Gawker which actually did change
the way media is done in the United
States this is a case in which Hogan
walked out of the courtroom with a
multi-million dollar settlement but you
don't know the whole story until you've
listened to legal Wars you can find
legal Wars on Apple podcasts wherever
you're listening to this or head over to
Wonder e dot F M / Ben that's wo ND ER y
FM slash been wondering if m / ben you
can go check out legal wars from honor√©
other podcasts are awesome but this one
is particularly entertaining and I've
really enjoyed listening to it so go
check it out right now legal wars on
Apple podcast or at wonder if m / Ben
it's great you're gonna have fun
listening to it alright so did you think
that yesterday's news cycle was going to
be the pinnacle of insanity did you
think that we had really reached the
apex of crazy and hilarious with
Elizabeth Warren revealing a test that
supposedly showed that she was Native
American only to show that she is
significantly less Native American than
a Jeep Grand Cherokee were you a person
who thought you know maybe we finally
reached the summit of ridiculousness
with Elizabeth Warren claiming that she
was a member of the Cherokee Nation when
in fact Elizabeth Warren is whiter than
this piece of paper did you think well
you ain't seen nothing yet
it's 2018 gang boom so President Trump
leads off this morning and he had a
bunch of tweets about Elizabeth Warren
we'll get to those in just a second but
we begin we begin with the President of
the United States who's decided that he
doesn't like stormy Daniels anymore
our producer Sonya is down with illness
but we'll make a Taylor Swift reference
for her here it turns out they are never
ever ever getting back together so here
is what happened there's a lawsuit that
stormy Daniels had filed against the
President of the United States who's
always a frivolous stupid lawsuit
anybody with a law degree knew this and
there was a suit in which she sued him
for defamation after he tweeted that she
was engaged in a total con job and she
he tweeted a sketch years later about a
non-existent man a total con job playing
the fake news media for fools this is
when she claimed that she was stalked by
a guy who was sent by Trump and she sued
him for defamation okay that's not
information she's a public figure
defamation is knowing and knowingly and
maliciously attacking someone false
information it's knowing and malicious
is the standard for public figures it
wasn't knowing and it wasn't malicious
it was just basically free speech in him
giving an opinion but she sued him for
defamation and then it was thrown out
the case was thrown out and here's what
the judge wrote the court agrees with
mr. Trump's argument because the tweet
in question constitutes rhetorical
hyperbole normally associated with
politics and public discourse in the
United States the First Amendment
protects this type of rhetorical
statement not only that the judge ruled
that stormy Daniels now had to pay
Trump's legal fees ouch
so the presidents of the United States
had a had a response on Twitter remember
this is an office once occupied by
Abraham Lincoln George Washington Ronald
Reagan here's the President of the
United States official statement on his
Twitter account quote Federer the judge
throws out stormy Daniels the suit
versus Trump Trump is entitled to full
legal fees great now I can go after her
his face and her third-rate liar in the
great state of Texas she would confirm
the letter she signed she knows nothing
about me a total con well that's one way
to step on a news cycle so we could have
done an entire week of Elizabeth Warren
now we will do an
entire week of the presidents of the
United States calling a woman he once
had sex with horseface yeah so that's a
thing now
a couple of different things to note
here first of all if you had to sum up
this entire is entire news cycle in one
meme it would be President Trump as The
Lone Ranger silver would be horse face
stormy Daniels and Tonto would be
Elizabeth Warren so our artistic
geniuses in the backroom are cooking up
that one right now but with that said is
it good that the President of the United
States calls any woman horse face no
probably not a good thing is it smart
that he calls a woman he once had sex
with horse face well it does call into
judge from it does call into question
his judgment regarding women it's kind
of a weird thing to do like you have sex
with a woman you're not married to and
then you call her horse face is that
more of a rip on her or rip on your
taste because it's kind of weird
also just politically speaking is that
gonna make for a good news cycle that
now we're gonna get media outraged about
Trump calling woman horse face like a
week and a half after the Brett
Kavanaugh saga in which the Left wanted
to launch a war on women and failed is
that gonna be good
no but no one ever accused the president
of not stepping on his own mushroom so
it's really it's it's it's not great
I'll be honest with you I think that
there are flaws in this in this line of
thinking then when the president got up
this morning he thought you know what
I'm gonna tweet about sir--my daniels
and her horse face I hosted other away
didn't I linden linden um yeah not great
not great okay now just from an
objective an objective human point of
view is it hilarious
of course it's hilarious okay we can
appreciate two things at once
Trump when it comes to women is a
garbage human hey I've said this 1
million times because it is 1 million
times true he is not great with women
when I say not great with women I mean
that this is a man who said in the 1970s
that avoiding STDs was his own personal
Vietnam this is a guy who nailed
anything that moved for about 40 years
here and this is it this is a man who is
very lucky they're not lots of little
legitimate Trump's walking around like
Trump
has not been shy about his treatment of
women I mean he was caught on tape in
the last election cycles saying an
Access Hollywood tape that he grabbed
women by their by their hooves so it's
it's it's very it's like there's nothing
shocking here but just from a pure human
point of view are we through the
looking-glass
are we in the middle of idiocracy you
bet your ass little vidi accuracy I mean
my goodness I guess I got to the stables
every morning and they're to his face
horse face and toad from Mario Cart in
American romance that's where we are so
all good stuff the other narrative of
the day is that Elizabeth Warren as
Tonto is not actually Native American so
she claimed that she was Native American
and many many many many many times she
claims that she was Native American in
legal journals she claimed that she was
Native American an award that you want
from University of Pennsylvania Law
School she claimed that she was Native
American in a story that she told over
and over and over a romantic story Romeo
and Juliet story about her mother a
native Amer approve American woman
wandering the plains who met her father
and her father brought her home but the
in-laws were racist racist and said you
can't bring home that Native American
woman you can't bring home that that
Indian get out of here and then
apparently her parents eloped and they
had a beautiful romance from there on
and well it turns out that Elizabeth
Warren is not in fact Native American
but it was funny to watch as the
narrative turned yesterday so yesterday
Elizabeth Warren started this whole
thing off by releasing a video of her
and her family members talking about how
Native American she was and here was
what the video sounded like this isn't
just about casual racism war hoops and
tomahawk chops and Native communities
have faced discrimination neglect and
violence for generations and Trump can
say whatever he wants about me but
mocking Native Americans or any group in
order to try to get at me
that's not what America stands for some
people have questioned my heritage in my
family history maybe they do it to
insult me maybe they do it to distract
from the kinds of changes I'm fighting
for and the kind of change I'm trying to
bring to Washington maybe they do it
because they think politics is a
bloodsport but my parents were real
people the love they shared the struggle
spanned or the family they built the
story they lived will always be etched
on my heart man and no one not even the
President of the United States don't
ever take it away the story is etched on
her heart edged on her heart and then
she goes to all our family members who
are talking about their Native American
heritage and then she releases a study
and the study shows that she's what
maybe maybe not totally maybe one 1000
24th Native American one 1000 24th
Native American which is just awesome
it's just awesome in every way so she
releases that and watches her tweets
evolve over the course of the day so she
starts off by saying this by the way a
real Donald Trump remember saying on 7 5
July 5th that you'd give a million
dollars to a charity of my choice if my
DNA showed Native American ancestry I
remember and here's the verdict please
send the check to the National
Indigenous Women's Resource Center a
number one that's how he said what he
said is if you prove you're Native
American and then I'll give you a
million bucks
shouldn't prove she was Native American
she proved that she is whiter than any
person the side of marky-mark and then
she continued tweeting but watch our
tweets evolve and IWR see is a
non-profit working to protect Native
women from violence more than half of
all Native women have experienced sexual
violence and the majority of violent
crimes against Native Americans are
perpetrated by non-natives send them
your one million dollar check Donald
Trump and then she continues along these
lines I took the test and released the
results for anyone who cares to see
because I've got nothing to hide what
are you hiding Donald Trump release your
tax returns or the democratic-led house
will do it for you soon enough
tick-tock mr. president no there's one
of most annoying things on Twitter these
days the tick-tock rutila
well tick-tock and we're ticking down to
something big or it turns down we are
ticking down to you completely
collapsing in on yourself like a dying
star she continues and she says having
some
Rinat problems Donald Trump should we
call for a doctor here's something you
won't forget mr. president you're the
least popular president in modern
history and your allies will go down
hard in the midterm elections 22 days
tick tock tick tock oh god oh god amen
she could but then she concludes I won't
sit quietly for Donald Trump's racism so
I took a test but but DNA and family
history has nothing to do with tribal
affiliation or citizenship which is
determined only only by tribal nations I
respect a distinction and don't list
myself as native in the Senate what
happened like I mean that was a sudden
left turn is like when Michael Scott was
driving on the road and the GPS told him
to drive into the lake that's basically
how that sweet thread went he just he's
talking and she's talking about
yeah I'm Native American and and Native
Americans are great and give us some
money in Native American logic but I'm
not Native American what could have
happened to trigger such a change what
could have happened to Tonto we will
explain in just one second but first
let's talk about your omega-3 levels if
you're experiencing joint pain or
chronic inflammation lack of
concentration weight gain chances are
you're probably one of those folks this
is why you need to try Oh max three
ultra-pure Oh max is offering my
listener 60% off a one-month supply of
ultra-pure plus free shipping and a 60
day money back guarantee so you can try
it if you don't like it then you're not
gonna lose anything you hear all the
hype around omega-3s well now is your
chance to try the purest form of omega-3
on the market go to try Oh max calm /
capiro omega-3 fatty acids they're vital
to your overall health they're
considered a worthwhile pill certainly
by experts they improve mood memory
brain cardiovascular health but a lot of
the top sellers simply are not pure
enough to actually do anything this is
why if you want to feel the benefits you
need to try Oh max three ultra-pure it's
the only game-changing omega-3
supplement on the market 94% pure with a
patented epa to DHA ratio of four-to-one
to fight unwanted joint pain and
inflammation
you know folks in the office have tried
Oh max three and they say that it really
does work go check it out right now also
you can do the freezer test if you take
any other omega-3 and you put it in the
freezer you take it out it's cloudy
because it's not pure Oh max three
soft-shell remains clear because it is
indeed pure ago to try Oh max calm slash
Shapiro to get 60% off a one-month
supply plus free shipping and a 60 day
money-back guarantees he got nothing to
lose
gry oma XCOM / up arrow to get 60% of a
one-month supply plus free shipping and
that 60-day money-back guarantee try o
max calm slash a pair of terms and
conditions do apply
so what could have changed Elizabeth
Warren's mind what could have changed
her mind she was saying very confidently
that she was Native American that she
was Native American and then ulsan well
you know it turns out the tribes get to
decide who's Native American why why
because the Cherokee Nation came out and
said you're not Native American the
chair that now let's be clear about this
the Cherokee Nation does not come out
and make political statements very often
but they sends out their Secretary of
State Chuck Hoskin to issue a statement
he said quote a DNA test is useless to
determine tribal citizenship current DNA
tests do not even distinguish whether a
person's ancestors were indigenous to
North or South America sovereigns tribal
nations set their own legal requirements
for citizenship and while DNA tests can
be used to determine lineage such as
paternity to an individual it is not
evidence for tribal affiliation and then
they continued using a DNA test to lay
claim to any connection to the Cherokee
Nation or any tribal nation even vaguely
is inappropriate and wrong it makes a
mockery out of DNA tests and it's
legitimate uses while also dishonouring
legitimate tribal governments and their
citizens whose ancestors are well
documented and whose heritage is proven
senator warren is undermining tribal
interests with her continued claims of
tribal heritage
ouch-ouch so she just got slammed by the
Cherokee Nation to which she claims
ancestral membership yeah that went
poorly for Elizabeth Warren which is why
she shifted said I'm not claiming that
I'm Native American anymore but I'm a
kind of Native American so give me a
million dollars again I call on the
Trump administration I callin president
from personally signed a nine hundred
dollar check to Elizabeth Warren's
charity of choice because she is 1/1000
24th Native American maybe he should pay
her one one one thousand twenty fourth
of a million dollars that is the amount
to which she is owed so President Trump
was asked about this yesterday and he
basically just missed all of it
who cares
I think you better read it again
I hope she's running for president
because I think she'd be very easy I
hope that she is running I do not think
she'd be difficult at all she'll destroy
the country she'll make our country into
Venezuela with that being said I don't
want to say bad things about it because
I hope she would be one of the people
that would get through the process gonna
be a long process with a Democrat
okay so President Trump he's eager to go
after Elizabeth Warren again I still
think we need the image of him with a
Publishers Clearing House sighs check
handing it sista to to Elizabeth Warren
in order to basically have that image
linked with Elizabeth Warren forever
unfortunately it seems like he's
swiveled and he's less interested in
whether Elizabeth Warren has a
relationship with Tonto and more
interested in whether stormy Daniels is
in fact silver has another way well but
I want to talk a little bit more about
why it's important for Elizabeth Warren
to have maintained her native-american
ancestry point what made her think she
could get away with this so let's talk
about that
here's the thing there's a story that
came out September 1st of this year in
the Boston Globe and it discussed a
serious issue for Elizabeth Warren was
senator Warren actually a professor at
Harvard Law because she claimed Native
American ancestry in other words was she
granted special status that sort of gave
her in an upper hand when it came to her
job at University of Pennsylvania or at
Harvard Law School
well this long article from the Boston
Globe in depth research found that folks
at Harvard said that her Native American
claims had nothing to do with any of
that that her Native American claims had
nothing to do with her actual ability to
be granted a professorship at Harvard
Law School they interviewed some like 31
professors many of whom were on the
