Donald Trump touts the wonderful state
of our union last night well Democrats
sat and scowled except for the
Congressional Black Caucus who wore
brightly colored scarves and shawls
presumably to celebrate the National
exuberance of the last year as we have
made America great again it was so it
was really nice of them to do it and
that's why I'm wearing my kuchi sweater
today I want to celebrate too I really
like this sweater it makes me feel like
Biggie Smalls
I'm small E smalls actually that's gonna
be my rap name so we're really fortunate
also to be joined today by Senator Cory
Booker for reaction he's gonna come
right on the show and it's a real honor
to have a US senator here to react so we
will get right to it then the strengths
of intersectionality why conservatism
doesn't matter
and finally guy fawkes dies on this day
in history
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
[Music]
all right there's a lot to talk about
here some of you might have joined us
last night thank you so much if you came
and hung out with us at the State of the
Union stream party I'm still slightly
hungover from it we spent four hours
smoking stogies and drinking and
watching the State of the Union it's a
lot of fun dennis prager dropped by i
think you can still catch that on yeah
oh well you can't catch it on YouTube
because they shut us down halfway
through CNN fraudulently shut us down
and made a copyright claim on our c-span
stream The Young Turks was using the
same stream and that went up perfectly
fine so I guess you can't find it there
but look for it on Facebook or the Le
wire something like that it was a lot of
fun I'm glad that my headache is
subsiding because we all had a very good
time doing so to get right into it I
want to focus specifically on the
Democrat reaction to some important
moments from last night's State of the
Union and we're joined by Senator Cory
Booker so let's begin Donald Trump said
quote tonight I am asking the Congress
to pass legislation to help ensure
American foreign assistance dollars
always serve American interests and only
go to Friends of America not enemies of
America Cory Booker your thoughts and
that P okay since the election we have
created 2.4 million new jobs this was
bad halfway through the speech including
200,000 new jobs in manufacturing alone
after years of wage stagnation we are
finally seeing rising wages unemployment
claims have hit a 45 year low
african-american unemployment stands at
the lowest rate ever recorded and
Hispanic American unemployment has also
reached the lowest levels in history
Cory a reaction tens of millions of
Americans tens of millions of Americans
are working yeah tens of millions of
black Americans are working the lowest
unemployment rate in history hundreds of
millions of Americans generally are
working we have really wonderfully low
unemployment right now so surely surely
that must have made you smile I had
tears of rage okay whatever so after
introducing
whose children were tragically killed by
ms-13 gang members offering compassion
for their heartbreak President Trump
said quote tonight I am calling on the
Congress to finally close the deadly
loopholes that have allowed ms-13 and
other criminals to break into our
country we have proposed a new
legislation that will fix our
immigration laws and support our ice and
Border Patrol agents so that this cannot
ever happen again Cory come on you gotta
like that I hurt Trump said quote
preston's reverence for those who have
served our nation reminds us why we
salute our flag why we put our hands on
our hearts for the pledge of allegiance
and why we proudly stand for the
national anthem
I hurt president Trump said
yong-ho traveled thousands of miles on
crutches across China and Southeast Asia
to freedom most of his family followed
his father was caught trying to escape
and was tortured to death today he lives
in Seoul where he rescues other
defectors and broadcasts into North
Korea what the regime fears the most the
truth today he has a new leg but seongho
I understand you still keep those
crutches as a reminder of how far you
have come your great sacrifice is an
inspiration to us all I hurt Cory you
were like a broken record Cory thank you
for being here maybe we'll bring you
back later or something not on this guy
Kent isn't it not happy about anything
at least though and look forget Cory
Booker at least members of the
Congressional Black Caucus they were
exuberant I don't know if you caught it
you should have seen them they were
wearing these beautifully colored shawls
they were very big and bright because
there's mourning in it I'm sorry what's
that hold on one second I'm just kidding
oh oh okay I got Lee I got that wrong
they were wearing the Scholz cuz they
hate Trump they were wearing them
because they're angry about something or
whatever they were also wearing black
for some other protest thing or whatever
Democrat rep Al Green said I'm wearing
this to show my solidarity with the
continent of Africa and especially with
those countries that the president
demeaned defamed by indicating they were
s hole or s house countries wearing it
to show that solidarity until
but the president know that I disapprove
of his statements and his behavior I
totally misread that Democrats were
already wearing black to highlight the
me to movement then they added on top of
that the colorful scarves Democrat Rep
Sheila Jackson as she said quote I hope
it was a pointed statement to those that
will see this as a symbol of respect
she said she believes that her Kente
cloth was from Ghana
she believes that it's from Ghana she
doesn't know this is exhibit 755 million
of my central theory of the left that
the left wants the appearance of the
thing but they don't want the essence of
the thing they think that their sixties
radicals their their play-acting protest
they think that they're out there
they're in the civil rights movement
because they don't want to realize that
the civil rights movement worked and Jim
Crow is over and segregation is over and
black Americans have civil rights but
they don't want to admit that cuz that's
not as cool it doesn't look as good on
TV it's not as heroic we're in a
decadent and apathetic age but we want
to appear like we're are these wonderful
courageous people actually fighting
against something it's much nicer it's
much more luxurious to just pretend to
be fighting against something and to
actually have to go do it because when
you actually have to go do it you get
water hoses turned on you and you get
arrested and you get thrown in jail or
worse but now there's did you just want
to look kind of cool right there wearing
the Ghanaian garb they're wearing that
those show she thinks it's kanae and
they don't know if it is I think it's
gonna enter I think it means something I
don't know but they don't want to live
in Ghana
no one's no one's moving to Ghana nobody
wants to be in Ghana and that's where
it's so disingenuous when they hit
Donald Trump over the s whole comments
you know that he allegedly said at a
closed-door meeting he said that a lot
of impoverished countries in Africa and
Haiti are not very nice places to live
he said that mostly because they are
clearly not very nice places to live if
they were really nice places to live we
you would see Americans moving to live
there rather than all of them begging to
come to the United States they are so
disingenuous in in the act itself in the
conversation itself it undercuts their
own Arg
you can't simultaneously say those
countries are so awful this country is
so wonderful that we owe it to the rest
of the world to let people from crappy
places move to United States and also
those places aren't crappy and also in
simultaneous you can't no you cannot
have both simultaneously but the left
wants to have the appearance of the
thing and they don't want have to deal
with the with the essence of the thing
that which animates this activism these
ideas
this is slacktivism at its finest
they're wearing the black for the me too
they're wearing the Ghanaian thing for
protesting Trump for some other reason
or because he made improper comments
untoward comments on couth Commons
behind closed doors at a private meeting
what is next what are they are they
gonna wear a little pin for Kony 2012
what about just we Charlie how we're
just going to add ever it'll will have a
mosaic of faux concern and faux activism
and absolutely empty virtue signalling
and posturing here are two of the
greatest social media supporters of
Donald Trump two of the of only 45
people that he follows on Twitter I keep
trying to become one of the people that
he follows hasn't happened here they are
explaining the ridiculous parade well
that's what these look democratic
lawmakers do they sit down on the
American people that's right here we
have a president that wants to stand for
all Americans yes and you have these
Democratic lawmakers they want to sit
down on us but you know it's not gonna
be tolerated and see I think what they
want to do is take us back to the Jim
Crow days that's right they want to take
us back with their manipulate and
intimidate us and telling us how it's
going to be they want to hand us crumbs
it's we it's reminding me of that
president that said we're gonna give you
another I'll keep you quiet but not
enough to make a difference it's time
for a president to stand up and make a
difference that's what President Donald
Trump is doing and it's either the
Democrats can stand up or we can do like
we're trying to grant a path to
citizenship we need to grant them a path
to retirement it's time to retire some
of these Democratic lawmakers the
Congressional Black Caucus sat the whole
entire time will see these people are in
another they back in the 60s this is
2018 we are in a new era a new America
this man is truly making America great
again why wouldn't you be happy with us
having more money in our pocket a want
to hand you
crumbs we can no longer vote for a
system that's handing us crumbs anymore
we need to vote for a businessman that
wants to make this place great again and
I don't see how the Democrats are going
to get in and how they gonna win it in
2018 and how they're gonna win it in
2020 I love them so much I love them so
much and they're absolutely right there
they're thinking on this is so clear
because they they observe just that line
alone they're living in the 60s these
people are living in the 60s they
realize that it's to their political
advantage they are very lightly educated
basically everybody in Congress is very
lightly educated but especially people
that do ridiculous stunts like this the
things have changed there we're in a
different place we're in a different
culture and it's no longer there isn't
no longer an advantage to pretending to
be protesting for things that haven't
existed for 50 years so lest you be
tempted to think ever even in spite of
what diamondden self just said very
articulately very clearly lest you be
tempted to think that the Congressional
Black Caucus members who frowned and sat
in war coogee colors last night are
principled or politically admirable in
any way here they are here are members
of the self-righteous Congressional
Black Caucus including Barack Obama
smiling taking photos with Louis
Farrakhan the Nation of Islam leader who
is famously said quote white people are
potential humans they haven't evolved
yet they call them terrorists I call
them freedom fighters
Judaism is a gutter religion and Hitler
was a very great man language Fester's
Corey that is a great point as a first
good point Cory Booker made all day long
language Fester's now you might wonder
why you've never seen that photo of
Barack Obama with Louis Farrakhan before
that's because the media buried it we
already know that the media do this we
know that there was the journalist
conspiracy of major mainstream
journalists speaking to one another
conspiring on how to hide bad news about
Barack Obama and push a fluffy pieces to
make him more appealing this was run by
Ezra Klein who now has the audacity and
the gall to run voxcom and say that he
is an explanatory journalist he's
nothing but a cheap hack and a
propagandist he's been exposed
spectacularly
more than anyone else in the media he
was exposed for being a hack
propagandist and now he comes out and
says I'm the the adult in the room who's
going to explain things to you also an
explainer for Ezra Klein all journalism
is supposed to be explanatory that's
what language does but that's neither
here nor there Hillary Clinton tried to
make this louis farrakhan thing an issue
during the 2008 race she kept trying to
get Barack Obama to reject Farrakhan
support so you have to reject his
support Obama played coy the whole time
he said he denounced it but he wouldn't
reject it and he's trying to find some
distinction without a difference had
this photo come out Hillary Clinton
could be President had that photo come
out of Barack Obama and other CBC
members smiling with a hate monger like
Louis Farrakhan very likely he wouldn't
be president and she would be President
but it's still happening they're still
covering up for these guys it this
photos one of the reasons you haven't
seen it now is it was unearthed by some
kind of lefty journalists to the major
networks are not covering it Fox is the
only one that's covering it the rest
will not touch this thing you're trying
to down flow it they'll allude to it but
they won't cover it in depth because it
just doesn't it doesn't fit the
narrative and if it doesn't fit the
narrative they're not gonna run it not
to put too fine a point on this
Congressional Black Caucus members will
not smile at low black unemployment but
they will smile with a man who says that
white people aren't yet humans and that
Hitler was a very great man
that's the Congressional Black Caucus
imagine for a moment if there were a
congressional white caucus it sounds
absurd it would be absurd in fact
imagine that any white member of
Congress met with a white racist a white
purveyor of racial division like David
Duke or Richard Spencer or whomever
imagine the endless reporting imagine
the endless coverage they would be not
only run out of Congress they would be
run out of the country tarred and
feathered on a rail do you remember a
mean girl Jake Tapper
yeah grilling Donald Trump during the
campaign CNN employs that mean girl Jake
Tapper and he was grilling Trump do you
do you disavow David Duke meanwhile
Donald Trump said 15 years earlier he
said David dukes an idiot I don't want
to be associated with him at all I don't
like him he's terrible there's no place
for him at all but then for some reason
Jake Tapper just decided to bring this
up again because it was a good cudgel to
hit Donald Trump with so do you disavow
David Duke and Trump said what do you
mean David
David Duke from why are you asking me
these stupid questions these questions
that are basically akin to do you still
beat your wife do you either either way
you answer that you're you're
implicating yourself you're you're
defending against a harsh accusation
you're playing into it with any response
do you disavow David to exact dare you
associate me with David Dirk Obama
didn't get that treatment he didn't get
that treatment with Farrakhan a Donald
Trump you don't see photos of Donald
Trump smiling with David Duke hands
shaking hands thumbs up but you do see
that with Louis Farrakhan and Barack
Obama he met him he posed for picture he
smiled at him so the Congressional Black
Caucus will sit and scowl for record-low
black unemployment but they will smile
for a racist anti-american Haim longer
that's because they're charlatans they
don't represent their constituents any
of the constituents they claim to
represent pure charlatans they should
not be treated as representative of
anybody their district constituents
black Americans
none of them every Democrat who sat last
night for the American flag the national
anthem and low unemployment is a farce
and a fraud and should not be afforded
any respect as a political leader not
for one single second that said keep it
up guys
keep it up bring it on this was
excellent for Republicans Trump clearly
did it on purpose
he backed them into corners so when he
said we need to stand for our flag in
our anthem what he was really saying is
you I'm going to force you Democrats
into a bad photo op because they've
spent a year now two years now saying
that NFL players should not stand for
the flag so anything they do if they
stand up they're weak because they've
flip-flopped on their position on the
NFL if they sit they look profoundly on
American which they are and which they
did look like when Donald Trump walked
in one one thing to notice some we were
joking about it on the stream he was
himself applauding so he walks in and
he's applauding he's on the stage he's
applauding and this is really nice
people were trying to say that this is
narcissistic he's applauding himself
that's not what he's doing it's actually
exactly the opposite there are a few
things here there's a guy'll lessness
about this there's an innocence about
this he he clearly is new at being the
president and at being a politician at
all and you can see that he's a little
rough around the edges he doesn't quite
know he appears quite humbled by it but
it's also humbling if he
sinn he's walking in for the State of
the Union and he's applauding now what
one read is that he's applauding himself
but it didn't look like it he's looking
around he actually stepped away from the
podium before he began speaking he was
standing to the side and looking around
and clapping at everybody
this isn't like when true narcissists
like Bill Clinton or Barack Obama walk
in they feel like they're King Caesar
marching into Rome Donald Trump isn't
there - for the State of the Union to be
the Trump accolades parade it Adam
surprisingly it wasn't that he was there
to laud the State of the Union he was
applauding the State of the Union there
is a lovely humility in that which you
can only get from a guy who plasters his
name on every building in the world you
know there's a lovely irony in something
very American about it the guests were
great - a Donald Trump invited David
Dahlberg firefighter who saved 62
children and staff from a summer camp in
the California wildfires he invited
Ashlee Leppert a Coast Guard technician
who rescued dozens from the Hurricanes
John Bridgers founder of the Cajun Navy
to help hurricane Harvey officer Ryan
who lets a cop who was shot twice on the
job who adopted a child from parents
