Kimmel Fallon Colbert all of them go
after the NRA Americans are not buying
what the media is selling and we're
about to hit the deck at deadline so
what does that mean for all the illegal
immigrant dreamers and Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
oh we have so many things to get to
today I'm speaking tonight in Omaha we
are sold out 1500 seat theater I'm doing
a full on exposition on the Second
Amendment what its meaning is where it
comes from and what it protects tonight
so look for that online or if you're
there in person I look forward to seeing
you there we've a lot to get to on the
show as well we're going to talk about
the security clearance status for Jared
Kushner we're gonna talk about the
confirmation bias that is now overrun
the media we're going to talk about
Dick's Sporting Goods supposedly banning
their sale of quote/unquote assault
weapons which they actually did five
years ago and now they're just reopen
but before we get to any of that I first
want to talk a little bit about more
facts that are now coming out about the
shooting so every day there are more
facts that are coming out about the
shooting now we sort of know what we
know at this point until a full
investigation is undergone but here's a
fact that should matter to you when it
comes to how Americans feel about what
happened in parkland and who they blame
about what happened in parkland it is
not the NRA it is not while biding gun
owners so Rasmussen had a poll yesterday
a new survey and it suggests this is
after the CNN propaganda Town Hall the
the two minutes hate on CNN here's what
Rasmussen Reports quote 54 percent of
American adults believe the failure of
government agencies to respond to
numerous warning signs from the
prospective killer is more to blame for
the mass shooting only 33 percent
attribute the deaths more to a lack of
adequate gun control 11 percent opted
for something else among Americans who
have elementary children at elementary
school children or secondary school aged
children
61% think the government is more to
blame just 23 percent of those adults
felt a lack of adequate gun control 41
percent of respondents by the way say
that they opted for stricter gun control
40 percent say more action is needed to
treat mental health issues only 50
percent of Democrats actually said that
a lack of gun control was the real
problem here
all of it just to say whenever you see
polls are some polls out today
suggesting that even among Republicans
support for gun control is rising you
need to take all of that with a grain of
salt because that's like asking
Americans as I've said in the past it's
like asking Americans are you for Less
government spending the answer is always
yes but then you say okay what do you
want to see cut and suddenly Americans
run for the hills well the same thing is
true with regard to gun control people
say are you for more gun control most
people go yeah sounds good why not keeps
bad
at the hands of bad people and then when
you say okay well that's gonna mean
we're after gonna ban all the rifles
then all the Americans say well no we're
not gonna do that then the poll suddenly
shift so specifics are very different
from general propositions that are put
forward in these polling numbers all of
which goes to show you that the media's
attempt to paint this as the the
shifting points on gun control it's just
not true it's just not correct and the
fact is that even Democrats are split on
this they don't want to talk about it
but they are then that news is obvious
since The Huffington Post reported
yesterday morning after the Las Vegas
Massacre the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee is regional press
secretary Evan Lucas key actually wrote
to candidates in the Northeast not to
politicize the shooting he wrote quote
teams last night's shooting will
dominate the news today and will garner
serious coverage the rest of the week
you and your candidate will be
understandably outraged and upset as
will your community however do not
politicize it today
now the Caspi was right politicizing
shootings in the aftermath shootings bad
form and it's gotten even worse over the
past week and a half and all the media
reported this is just a grassroots
movement that was happening on gun
control and now it turns out that the
so-called marked for our lives that's
happening in Washington DC on March 24th
at which some of the student witnesses
and student survivors at Parkland are
going to be the featured speakers that
this is now being backed by Planned
Parenthood it's being backed by black
lives matter it's being backed by
moveon.org it's being backed by every
town for gun safety so all of these
organized
leftist movements are now getting behind
these kids and astroturfing what is
going to be very large March in
Washington DC that results in virtually
nothing and the reason that's gonna
result in virtually nothing is again
because the American people do not
support this the American people look at
what happened in parkland and what they
see is a failure of law enforcement
which is why yesterday when North Texas
sheriff put out a notice that got him
wide acclaim he the Denton County
Sheriff Tracy Murphy told his deputies
quote with the recent tragedy in Florida
I wanted to make my clear my policy on
responding to an active shooter all
commissioned deputies if you respond to
an active shooter you are expected to
take immediate action we do not stage
and wait for SWAT
we do not cover in a parking lot we do
not wait for another agency we go in and
do our duty we go in to engage and stop
the shooter and save lives if for any
reason you feel you cannot follow this
directive please inform your supervisor
and we will work to get you reassigned
okay this is the
most Americans feel about what the
authorities ought to be doing even
though the left wants to suggest that
this was not a failure of authority
whoever would prefer to jump into the
debate on this on this moralistic level
the left would prefer to suggest that
there's a moral failure failure that's
taking part on the place of those who do
not support widespread gun control and
that of course is not true Marco Rubio
is one of the people who's been hit
hardest from that senator Rubio from
Florida you remember he was at that Town
Hall two minutes hate on CNN and he was
shellacked by a bunch of the students
one of the students even comparing him
to the mass shooter himself Rubio put
out a tweet today
that I think sums up the state of our
gun control debate he said quote the
debate after Parkland reminds us we the
people don't really like each other very
much we smear those who refused to agree
with us we claim a judeo-christian
heritage but celebrate arrogance and
boasting and worst of all we have been
infected the next generation with the
same disease
now he's getting ratioed are there a
bunch of people on the Left who didn't
like that he said this their brunch
people who thought was just terrible
that he would say something like this
but he is 100% correct the fact is that
the left has turned this into a
referendum on the moral character of
people who disagree with them and most
Americans are not up for that most
Americans are not interested in
castigating their fellow Americans as
murderers and murderers supporters which
is why it's really fascinating there
been a bunch of corporations that have
disassociated from the NRA over the last
week there is a poll out today from
morning consult that showed every single
corporation every single corporation
that disassociated from the NRA in the
aftermath of this gun control debate has
been losing losing public support
because they'll gain four or five points
in public support from Democrats but
lose 60% of public support from
Republicans who feel like they're under
attack and the reason Republicans feel
like they're under attack is because
they are under attack okay the left they
say they're not for removing second
Amendment rights they only want rational
reasonable gun controls that's just not
true they want to remove semi-automatic
weapons from every person in the United
States if they could have their way that
is the end goal they won't be honest
about it many members of the left but
this is actually what they want and you
can see it in the arguments that they're
making so today the New York Times has a
full piece about how the ar-15 is
essentially military technology in the
hands of civilians well that's true of
any semi-automatic rifle they say well
look at the ar-15 look at its muzzle
velocity it has 3,000 feet per second
muzzle velocity this is true of any
two to three or 5.56 millimeter ammo
firing rifle the muzzle velocity on
those rifles is very high it always has
been it will continue to be the notion
that it's just military technology in
the hands of civilians again every rifle
then his military technology in the
hands of civilians because every rifle
was at some point military technology in
the hands of civilians even bolt-action
rifles were military technology in the
hands of civilians this argument is akin
to saying that the engine in your car is
just like the engines in the cars of
people in the military okay that's true
but it doesn't take you very far and
when people on the left rip on the ar-15
and suggest the ar-15 is the root of all
evil this just demonstrates complete
lack of gun knowledge there are a
thousand types of the ar-15 there are
many many different types of
semi-automatic rifle that fire at
similar velocity with the similar
callable with similar similar caliber
ammunition banning the ar-15 or the
branded ar-15 would do nothing to stop
the spread of rifles and it would do
nothing to stop the the actual problem
of school shootings by the way there's a
study out today showing that school
students have actually been declining in
recent years not increasing declining
we're not allowed to talk about these
statistics of course because to do so is
seen as somehow undermining the case in
favor of pushing against school
shootings but the reality is that just
as gun violence in the United States has
declined markedly from its highs in
1992-1993
school shootings have been declining in
recent years pretty rapidly that doesn't
mean that what happened in parkland
isn't tragic and horrible and an active
evil it does mean that we ought to take
a look at the measures that we are
purporting to push and compare those to
the rights that we are attempting to
infringe and what rights are we in
tempting to infringe well the answer is
all semi-automatic rifles so I remember
made this case on MSNBC he's given a lot
of credit for the left from this because
I remember is a lawyer but he does
really bad legal analysis here and I
will explain why he explains the Second
Amendment and his view does not protect
a ar-15s his logic here makes no sense
the Second Amendment does not apply to
ar-15
it does not apply to assault-style
weapons it never has Congress may
legally ban those weapons without
touching the Second Amendment that's a
legal fact but it's hard for me then
that is not a legal fact that is not a
legal fact
okay what he says there if you go back
to the screen where he puts up some text
on the screen the screen that he says
there well what he says that the Supreme
Court has never ruled that ar-fifteens
are protected by the Second Amendment
well that does not mean that there is no
right to an ar-15 the Supreme Court has
never actually ruled on whether twitter
is protected by the First Amendment
because that's never come up before of
the Supreme Court the Supreme Court
rejects certiorari on cases all the time
doesn't mean that the right doesn't
exist
case is legally illiterate I'll explain
why it's even more legally illiterate in
just a second first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at policy
genius so if you've got a car you have
car insurance it's got a home you have
home insurance and you got a life
you should have life insurance okay if
you're a responsible human being you
should be protecting your life with life
insurance you should be ensuring that
your family is safe you should be
ensuring that your family is secure if
god forbid something terrible should
happen to you but four out of ten people
do not have life insurance there's no
excuse for that policy genius has made
it easier to understand compare and buy
life insurance so here's the way that it
works you go to policy genius calm and
in five minutes you can compare quotes
from over 15 life insurance providers
when you compare quotes this is
competitive shopping you will save money
it is that simple they've helped over 4
million people shop for insurance
they've placed over 20 billion dollars
in coverage they don't by the way just
do life insurance they also do health
insurance disability insurance pet
insurance renter's insurance all these
insurance programs you can shop around
for just by using policy genius so if
you've been putting off getting life
insurance because it's depressing to
talk about what happens if you die don't
be stupid because once you're dead it's
too late so make sure that you go to
policy genius com get your quotes apply
in minutes it is that easy you'll be
glad you did it and more importantly
your family will be glad you did if
something terrible should happen to you
god forbid again protect yourself
protect your family there's no excuse in
my view for being irresponsible and not
having a life insurance policy go to
policy genius.com
check it out policy genius.com again the
best way to shop for life insurance
okay so Melbourne makes the case it
makes this argument that because the
Supreme Court has rejected certiorari
certiorari is an appeal so the way it
works is that you have a case it goes to
a district court judge that is then
appealed up to a circuit court judge who
goes to the circuit court of appeals and
then finally it's appealed all the way
up to the Supreme Court
what is sense at the Supreme Court is
something called a writ of certiorari
which is essentially a petition asking
that the Supreme Court take up the case
now Supreme Court will reject writs of
certiorari for a variety of reasons some
of those reasons
include the fact they agree with the the
Court of Appeals sometimes they say the
case isn't right because it's very
common claim that a case has not
actually reap right has not reached
ripeness because there are a bunch of
other circuit courts they have not ruled
on the case there are cases where they
say that it's not just an issue of law
they want to take up there are million
reasons to reject it to reject writs and
certiorari and it is also true that none
of the cases that have been brought
before the Supreme Court specifically
deal with ar-15s because there's not a
state in the country that has attempted
to actually ban ar15 even in California
there's only recently in attempt to
quasi ban ar-15s but even that ban is
not supremely clear and certainly
confiscation of ar-15s has never been
tried and if it were to go up to the
Supreme Court there's a very good shot
that it would be shot down but Mel Birsa
jests and this is actually a really
dangerous constitutional point that
Melbourne is making because it
essentially says that if the Supreme
Court has not ruled on an issue you
don't have a right to it so if the
Supreme Court hasn't ruled on whether
twitter is protected free speech then
that means that you don't have a right
to it now you see the Melbourne would
never agree to the same logic with
regard to say same-sex marriage before
oberst all right so before a burst fell
the Supreme Court rejected same-sex
marriage cases over and over and over
rejected a bunch of writs of certiorari
and what re Melbourne have said there is
no right to same-sex marriage oh that's
I know of course he wouldn't have said
that he would have said in my view
there's a right to same-sex marriage
it's inherent in the text of the
Constitution and just because the
Supreme Court has not accepted the case
yet doesn't mean the right doesn't exist
in fact the reality is that under the
9th and 10th amendments the Constitution
explicitly states that rights that are
not overtly stated in the Constitution
of the United States itself are still
rights that are held by the people in
other words the Bill of Rights is not
meant to be a comprehensive Charter of
Rights it's meant to point out some of
the most specific rights that it wants
protected from the federal government
but that does not mean that there are
other rights that don't exist all other
rights don't exist beyond which the
second amendment is pretty clear about
what it means when it says a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the preservation of a free State the
right to keep and bear arms shall not be
infringed it's specifically talking
about civilians having access to guns
that they can then use when they go into
the militia at the time these were
military light weapons right I mean
these were rifles these were muskets and
that same principle carries forward so
what Melbourne is saying here makes no
sense on a legal level but here's the
more important point when I remember
once again an ar-15 when the New York
Times points out the ar-15 that means
they want to ban every semi-automatic
rifle in the United States because
there's no serious distinction between a
Bushmaster two to three and an ar-15
there is no significant distinction
between between you know very
Springfield rifle and an ar-15 you know
there are a thousand types of rifle all
of which fired the same sort of caliber
ammunition and just because some look
scarier than others doesn't mean that
they are less scary than others which is
why when you take a course in guns the
very first thing they say is that of
course you don't fire it anywhere near a
person of course you don't fire it it's
something you're not willing to destroy
rifles are meant to do damage rifles are
meant to kill things rifles are meant to
destroy things they're meant to kill
people presumably people who are bad who
come into your home but a rifle as a
tool of killing that does not mean that
a rifle itself is so inherently
dangerous that we have to be on all of
them
this one's one correlation the left
attempts to draw between the number of
guns in a particular society and the
level of murder in particular society
just does not hold that's particularly
true for rifles the more people are
killed by hands in fists every year in
the United States that are killed by
rifles in the United States and gun
ownership alone by civilian population
generally is not a good proxy for crime
