accusations and counter-accusations
mount regarding brett Cavanaugh's
nomination Ted Cruz is run out of a
restaurant and president Trump visits
the UN ie Mos Eisley I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
hey well I'm back and I am very excited
to be here I mean I was out for two days
and apparently the world exploded and
then I returned this morning and things
were just as bad I mean Michael avenatti
is making all sorts of trouble lots of
parties happening all over the place
Plus Ted Cruz gets run out of restaurant
we do have a lot to get to hear today
I'm gonna get to all of it in just a
second but first let me tell you about
Portugal so here is the situation right
now right now our national debt which is
money we've other countries and unfunded
liabilities that we owe to ourselves
it's greater than the entire economic
output of the United States if your
entire life savings is tied to the US
dollar ask yourself what is your plan
for hyperinflation
if the stilts should fall out from under
the economy well this is one of the
reasons why you should be at least a
little diversified you should have some
of your money in precious metals because
precious metals do in fact hedge against
inflation the hedge against uncertainty
they hedge against instability gold is a
safe haven against all that stuff my
savings plan is diversified and yours
should be to go check out Birch gold
group right now they have thousands of
satisfied customers countless five-star
reviews and a plus rating with the
Better Business Bureau what's your plan
well part of it should be Birch gold
group you all know about Birch Gold's
free information kit but for a limited
time qualified purchases can earn up to
an additional 10,000 dollars in precious
metals for free through September 30th
to find out if your purchase will
qualify contact Birch gold right now go
to birchgold.com slash Bend speak to a
Birch gold rep mention I sent you that's
birchgold.com slash been do it now the
offer only runs through September 30th
terms and limitations do with fly actors
ask our sales representative for details
all right so a lot breaking this morning
Michael avenatti has now come forward
with his bombshell accusation and this
is one of these accusations where it's
either true or its false and if it's
true it shouldn't be all that hard to
prove because the witness who avenatti
is bringing forward is claiming an
enormous number of people who should
have seen this going on who should have
seen the events going on so here's
what's happening the precursor was that
michael avenatti over the past 48 hours
while I was out announced that he had a
woman who was willing to come forward
and testify that Brett Kavanaugh was
involved in a game a gang rape ring okay
that was legitimately his words so
avenatti wrote Sunday in an email to
Mike Davis quote
the chief council for nominations for
the Senate Judiciary Committee we are
aware of significant evidence of
multiple house parties in the Washington
DC area during the early 1980s during
which Brett Kavanaugh mark judge and
others would participate in the
targeting of women with alcohol / drugs
to allow a train of men who subsequently
gang-raped them he says there are
multiple witnesses that will corroborate
these facts each of them must be called
to testify publicly now it is worth
noting that Michael avenatti has in the
past come up with some credible
accusations ie stormy Daniels and in the
past he's made some non credible
accusations so for example he claimed
that he had a DVD of Trump engaged in
sexual congress and he suggested there
were three other women who was going to
bring forward who've been paid off by
Trump and then any of those things
evidence to support such an accusation
would surely upend Cavanaugh's
confirmation which has already become a
true noble like political disaster for
the White House according to Vanity Fair
in reality it is not in fact a true
noble like political disaster for the
White House the polls don't show any
impact on Trump on the 2018 election
nothing
hey but Michael avenatti today he
finally comes out with the accusation so
first he was accused of getting this
story from 4chan so the 4chan pranksters
decided that they were going to accuse
avenatti of picking up on some rumor
that they had put out there essentially
for fun in order to harm in order to
harm a vanity avenatti tonight all that
and he came forward and he said that his
client was gonna come forward within 48
hours this clip 11 well rachel i'm
representing one client who i can
describe as a witness and victim as well
as additional corroborating witnesses to
what she is going to allege publicly
within the next 48 hours as it relates
to her particular allegations we're not
going to provide additional information
beyond that so avenatti was acting kind
of suspicious in the run-up to the
release of this for example he began
protecting his tweets which is unusual
for a guy who has said that he wants to
run for president in 2020 he also then
released the the sworn declaration of a
woman named Julie sweat Nick and he
tweeted out a picture of her and said
here's her name here's her picture
please respect her privacy which is a
very weird way to ask for somebody's
privacy in any case here is her
declaration and just came out this
morning quote my name is Julie sweat
Nick and I'm a resident of Washington DC
I fully
understand the seriousness of the
statements contained within this
declaration I have personal knowledge of
the information stated herein and have
called to testify to the same would and
could do so and then she names off all
of the places that she has worked before
she says that she has worked for places
including the Department of the Treasury
and the Internal Revenue Service and the
US Mint she held in she held inactive
security clearances with the Department
of State and the DOJ she says I first
met mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh in
approximately 1980 to 1981 I was
introduced to them at a house party that
I attended in the Washington DC area
I observed mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh as extremely close friends
during the early 1980s when I knew them
and interacted with them I would
describe them as quote joined-at-the-hip
and I consistently saw them together in
many social settings there is no
question in my mind that mark judge has
significant information concerning the
conduct of Brett Kavanaugh during the
1980s especially as it relates to his
actions towards women following that
first introduction I attended well over
ten house parties in the Washington DC
area during the years 1981 to 1983 or
Marc judge and Brett Kavanaugh are
present these parties were a common
occurrence in the area and occurred
nearly every weekend during the school
year on numerous occasions at these
parties have witnessed mark judge and
Brett Kavanaugh drink excessively and
engage in highly inappropriate conduct
including being overly aggressive with
girls and not taking no for an answer
which is kind of vague because you don't
know what that means then she continues
this conduct included the fondling and
grabbing of girls without their consent
now remember she's not claiming she's
one of these girls she is saying that
she witnessed this sort of behavior says
I observed Brett Kavanaugh drink
excessively at many of these parties and
engage in abusive and physically
aggressive behavior toward girls
including pressing girls against him
without their consent grinding against
girls and attempting to remove or shift
girls clothing to expose private body
parts i likewise observed him to be
verbally abusive toward girls by making
crude sexual comments to them that were
designed to demean humiliate and
embarrass them but so the last part
there is him being a jackass in high
school I often witness Brett Kavanaugh
speak in a demeaning manner about girls
in general as well as specific girls by
name again jackass in high school I also
witness Brett Kavanaugh behave as a mean
drunk on many occasions at these parties
again jackass in high school so far the
only allegation she's made that is
actually damaging is the allegation that
he was engaged in physically aggressive
behavior toward girls without their
consent guys saying mean stuff
girls when they're in high school is
kind of called high school I've been
told by other women that this conduct to
also occur during the summer months in
Ocean City Maryland on numerous
occasions I also witness such conduct on
one occasion in Ocean City Maryland
during Beach week she says I have
reviewed Brett Cavanaugh's recent claim
on Fox News regarding his alleged
innocence during his high school years
and lack of sexual activity we'll get to
that in just a second this claim is
absolutely false and a lie
eyewitness Brett Kavanaugh consistently
engaged in excessive drinking and
inappropriate conduct of a sexual nature
with women during the early 1980s and
then here's where she gets to the actual
damaging allegation and it's a little
vague when as I'll explain in just
second now
there's nothing to suggest that it's non
credible again we have to say whether
it's credible or not she seems like a
credible person from the text of the
actual claim she doesn't seem to be a
complete crazy person although we
haven't seen her speak out loud yet so
we really don't know and it is also
worthwhile noting that she has not been
called to testify in any setting
she is not testifying under oath as far
as I'm aware and Michael avenatti when
specifically asked whether she was
accusing Brett Kavanaugh of indeed being
involved in a gang rape she he he demure
he's not answering the question here is
the actual accusation during the years
1981 1982 I became aware of efforts by
mark judge Brett Kavanaugh and others to
spiked the punch at house parties I
attended with drugs and/or grain alcohol
so as to cause girls to lose their
inhibitions and their ability to say no
this caused me to make an effort to
purposely avoid the punch at these
parties I witnessed efforts by Mark
George Brett Kavanaugh and others to
target particular girls so they could be
taken advantage of it was usually a girl
that was especially vulnerable because
she was alone at the party or shy I also
witnessed efforts by Mark judge Brad
Kavanaugh and others to cause girls to
become inebriated or disoriented so they
could then be gang-raped this is an
actual accusation and a side room or
bedroom by a train of numerous boys I
have a firm recollection of seeing boys
lined up outside rooms at many of these
parties waiting for their turn with a
girl inside the room these boys included
mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh so now
she's saying that she knows that there
was a gang rape train going on and the
line included mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh that's a natural accusation in
approximately 1982 I became the victim
of one of these gang or train rapes or
mark judge whom Brett Kavanaugh are
present now here's where it gets vague
it's not clear whether she is saying
that they were involved in the gang rape
or train or whether they were just the
party like she was also at the party so
you know there were people at the party
apparently shortly after the incident I
shared what hadn't transpired with at
least two other people during the
incident I was incapacitated without my
consent and unable to fight off the boys
raping me I believe I was drugged using
quaaludes or something similar placed in
what I was drinking so obviously a
pretty terrible story I'm aware of other
witnesses that can attest to the
truthfulness of each of the statements
above and then she swore this under
penalty of perjury
she's executed this declaration as of
yesterday so the question here is a
pretty simple one is it true or is it
false is it true or is it false she's
claiming now that they were at parties
where there were dozens of witnesses
where people saw this gang rape Train
occurring on a regular basis that she
would continue going to these parties on
a regular basis even knowing that these
boys were performing a gang rape train
in the other room which is sort of an
odd sort of suggestion if you went to a
party and you saw people performing gang
rapes there would you can very at least
would you continue going to those
parties on the weekend seems kind of
suspicious the fact that she went to
Michael avenatti to reveal this
particular scenario is also suspicious
bottom line is we're gonna need more
evidence on this we're gonna need some
corroborating details we're gonna need
to know what the weekends were we're
gonna need to know who else was there
she says that she's aware of other
witnesses that can attest to the
truthfulness of each of the statements
above who are these other witnesses we
just don't know at this point we have no
idea so all of this is brand-new we
don't have any of the details as of yet
it's not it's not clear now one of the
things that's happening here is that
Democrats and folks on the Left are
jumping on Brett Cavanaugh's interview
on Fox News last night to claim that
Brett Kavanaugh actually was claiming
that he is clean as the driven snow pure
as the driven snow and therefore if they
can find evidence that he went to
parties and was drinking then he is
therefore a liar and I ought not sit on
the Supreme Court it's his big straw man
that's being set up against Brett
Kavanaugh so here's what Brett Kavanaugh
actually said he's on martha maccallum
show and he talked about his he talked
about his experiences in high school and
here's what he had to say we're talking
about an allegation of sexual assault
I've never sexually assaulted anyone I
did not have sexual intercourse or
anything close to sexual intercourse in
high school or for many years there
after and the girls from the schools I
went to and I were saying that all
through all these years that are in
question you are a virgin that's correct
never had sexual intercourse with anyone
in high school Carothers through what
years in college since we're probing
into your personal years many years
after I'll leave it at that many years
after okay so number one it's kind of
absurd that he's now on TV having to
brag about whether he was a virgin in
high school now somebody who thinks that
there's nothing wrong with being a
virgin in high school or all the way
until marriage I don't have much of a
problem with folks saying this but this
is what our political discourse has now
come to based on unverified allegations
we're gonna get to the unverified nature
of Christian Blasi Ford's allegations in
just a second but to finish up with with
the the Cavanaugh interview here it's
being portrayed by the media as though
Brett Kavanaugh said that he was again
as clean and as pure as anyone has ever
been in high school that's not exactly
what he said and I'll explain in just
one second but first let's talk about
the quality of your sleep we're not
gonna agree on everything but I think we
can all agree we can use more sleep and
you think about a lot of things when you
go to sleep you think about the quality
of the light in your room you think
about the quality of the mattress in
your room but do you think about the
quality of the sheets that you use well
you should because it does make a huge
difference with regards to the kind of
sleep that you get that's why you ought
to be using bull and branch everything
bull and branch makes from bedding to
blankets is made from pure 100% organic
cotton which means they start out super
soft and they get even softer over time
you can buy directly from them so that
you are actually paying direct prices as
opposed to paying the middleman luxury
sheets can cost up to a thousand dollars
in places like bull and in places like
Bed branch Bed Bath and Beyond but go to
a bull and branch website and their
sheets are gonna cost you only a couple
of hundred bucks everybody who tries
Bull and bran sheets love them which is
why they have thousands of five-star
reviews
I like their sheets so much that after
my wife and I tried them out not only
did we buy a few more sets we actually
got rid of all the other sheets in our
house because they are indeed that
comfortable three u.s. presidents sleep
on bull and branch sheets shipping is
free you can try them for 30 nights if
you don't love them send them back for a
refund but you're not gonna want to send
them back but it's risk free so why not
try it out to get you started right now
my listeners can get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets at bull and branch
comm promo code Ben go to bull and
branch comm today again for $50 off your
first set of sheets that's bol and
komm promo code Ben Bowlin branch comm
promo code Ben go check it out so here
is what Brett Kavanaugh actually said
about his life during high school he
says yes there were parties and the
drinking age was 18 and yes the seniors
were legal and had beer there and yes
people might have had too many beers on
occasion and people generally in high
school I think all of us have probably
done things we look back on in high
school and regret or cringe a bit but
that's not what we're talking about
we're talking about an allegation of
sexual assault
I've never sexually assaulted anyone
right that's that's when he gets to the
part that he was talking about so
McCallum asked him sir you're gonna be
pressed on something he just said about
people do things in high school and you
were all drinking were there times
perhaps when you drank so much was there
ever a time you drank so much you
couldn't remember what happened the
night before and Cavanaugh said no that
never happened McCallum said he never
said to anyone I don't remember about
anything about last night and Cavanaugh
said no that never happened so the great
lie here that is being promulgated is
that Brett Kavanaugh is is saying that
he was completely innocent in high
school that he never drank to excess
that he was never involved in raucous
parties or anything like that but that
wasn't the accusation remember the
original accusation is that he tried to
rape a girl and the original accusation
is that he pushed a fifteen-year-old
girl into a room pulled down her clothes
and tried to rape her and then stifled
her screams with his hand as she tried
to cry out now we have the second
accusation from from avenatti and it's
not even clear at this point what
exactly the accusation is because the
woman who's making the claim is
basically saying that she's present at
parties where gang rapes were occurring
and she saw Brent Cavanaugh in line and
she saw Brett Kavanaugh I guess grabbed
and fondled girls but those girls
haven't come forward and then she's
making a claim that she was gang-raped
in one of these parties but and Brett
Kavanaugh was present at the party but
not clear that Brent Cavanaugh is
actually involved in the gang rape so
the extent of the claims that she's
