Sarah Huckabee Sanders gets denied
dinner Maxine Waters goes
philosophically fascist and George will
goes too far I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
man over the weekend I turned to my wife
and I said I am exhausted by the news
cycle and then the rest of the news
cycle hits that was awesome
lots of stuff to talk about today
apparently you can't go anywhere for
dinner now which is kind of frightening
we will get to all of that first I want
to mention that we have a special
livestream coming up Monday July 2nd at
7 p.m. Eastern it's our July 4th special
we will be joined by special guest
Jordan Peterson to celebrate
Independence Day god-king jeremy boring
will host a new edition of daily wire
backstage with me and andrew Clavin and
michael knowles to look back on our
country's birth and look ahead to its
future subscribers will even be able to
write in live questions for us to answer
on the air jordans gonna be sitting in
with us as well that is Monday July 2nd
7:00 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with
Jordan Peterson and you can find our
special live stream on Facebook and
YouTube so don't miss it also before we
get started I want to mention our
sponsors over at Zeile so there are
certain things in life as I've said many
many times that make you feel wealthy
without actually having to be wealthy
well Zeile is one of those things
because you're at home after a long day
of work and your back hurts and you're
thinking okay maybe I need to schedule a
massage over at the spa but if I do that
it's gonna take me a week to get in
there and then it's gonna be really
expensive and I don't know who's gonna
be massaging me anyway well that's where
Zeile comes in Zeile calm ze e L calm
allows you to select from top local
licensed pre-screened massage therapists
you can choose your favorite technique
gender preference time and location for
your massage its on-demand
and Zeile sends you one of their 10,000
licensed massage therapists with a
massage table and music and supplies
they do the whole thing right in your
house a 5-star massage right in your
apartment or your house scheduling
booking payment fast and easy even the
tip is included 7 days a week 365 days a
year
Zeile massage therapists can be at your
door in as little as an hour I've used
it for myself for my wife for my
mother-in-law for my parents for my
sister like it's become a very popular
thing in our family a popular gift we
give to one another over at Zeile calm
with the seal app there's a reason that
seal has been featured in The Wall
Street Journal New York Times Vogue and
on Good Morning America to help you get
started our listeners get a $25 discount
off their first massage with promo code
Benton that ze e el comp remote command
in right now again go to Zeile comm and
when you use that promo code Ben then
you get 25 bucks off your first in-home
massage it really is spectacular so go
check that out ok so over the weekend we
decided we can't live in the country
with each other very very exciting stuff
it turns out that we no longer want to
eat dinner with one another we no longer
want to serve one another I'm not
talking about people who have
objections to participating in the
same-sex wedding I'm talking about if I
don't like your political viewpoint you
are not allowed to enter my restaurant
now as I've said before it's a free
country you can do whatever you want you
don't want me to eat in your restaurants
I'm a Republican that's your business
you want to ban me from your private
college campus like you did it to Paul
University that's your business right
it's a free country you can do that does
it make for a better country no and I do
want to distinguish here between trying
to force somebody to participate via
governmental intervention in somebody
else's activity and whether something is
good or not so as I've said many times I
think that as a general rule you should
serve everybody who comes into your
establishment I don't think that
necessarily means you have to serve
everybody who comes into your
establishment I don't think that means
that you must serve people who want
special privileges or they want you to
participate in a ceremony that you feel
is immoral but I do think that as a
general rule just as a good person if I
owned an establishment I would service
you if you came into my establishment
I wouldn't service the same-sex wedding
because I have moral objections to a
same-sex wedding just as many of these
bakers and photographers do but if I
owned a restaurant like chick-fil-a I
would allow anybody to eat there just as
chick-fil-a does and I think that is the
moral thing to do I think that is the
right thing to do again you have the
freedom to reject anybody so there's
been a big brouhaha over the weekend
because it turns out that Sarah Huckabee
Sanders went to a restaurant called the
red hen in Lexington Virginia and
Stephanie Wilkinson who's the owner of
the redhead in Lexington asked the press
secretary to leave the restaurant on
Friday evening she told she apparently
took a staff vote before privately
asking Sanders to leave the restaurant
and Sanders replied that's fine I'll go
one diner posted an image of 86 next to
her name industry slang for kick-out so
the owner of the red hen restaurant has
revealed why she refused to serve the
White House press secretary on Friday
night Sanders was asked to leave the
Lexington Virginia restaurant where she
was dining with her seven family members
and restaurant owner Stephanie Wilkinson
said she took a staff vote before asking
Sanders to leave when they voted to boot
her out Wilkinson complied tell me what
you want me to do I can ask her to leave
and they said yes so apparently she
started texting to all of her employees
about it she said I'm not a huge fan of
confrontation I have a business and I
want the business to thrive this feels
like the moments in our democracy when
people have to make uncomfortable
actions and decisions to uphold their
morals well this doesn't really uphold
your morals to throw somebody out of
your restaurant if you disagree with
them politically but you know again it's
free country you can
what you want well Sarah Huckabee
Sanders then tweeted out about this and
she tweeted out what exactly happened
and she didn't call for a boycott
against the restaurant she said last
night I was told by the owner of the red
hen in Lexington Virginia to leave
because I work for the President and I
politely left her actions say far more
about her than about me
I always do my best to treat people
including those I disagree with
respectfully and will continue to do so
so they're a bunch of separate issues we
need to separate out here one is it bad
to throw people out of your restaurant
because you disagree with them
politically the answer is yes - do you
have the right to tweet about it the
answer is yes three do you have a right
to boycott that restaurant because of
that activity the answer of course is
yes now when are boycotts appropriate
well I think a boycott of the red hen
here is not inappropriate the reason
being that it's appropriate to boycott a
restaurant or a photographer or a baker
for that matter if they're private
political perspective translates over
into their business now I may not agree
with a particular boycott but I don't
think it's wildly inappropriate to
boycott I think it's inappropriate to
boycott chick-fil-a for example because
chick-fil-a doesn't actually
discriminate against anybody chick-fil-a
doesn't actually have any rules that
blow back on anybody so boycotting them
over the private views of their owner
seems to me completely counterproductive
and stupid boycotting the redhead over
what they did to Sarah Huckabee Sanders
or even boycotting a baker with whom I
did with whom I agree about same-sex
marriage for not catering a same-sex
wedding all of that seems to me within
the realm of permissible dialog all of
that makes a certain amount of sense
even if I agree with what one business
didn't disagree with what another
business did but instead what the left
has done is the left the left which says
that you should not be allowed the
government should force you the
government should force you to bake that
cake the government should force you to
make that pizza the government should
force you to photograph that wedding the
same left that says that says it's
wonderful that the business just kicked
out sarah huckabee sanders that i don't
understand at all to make that case
requires an amount of hypocrisy that is
well beyond the norm and even some folks
on the left are acknowledging this right
like the Washington Post editorial board
wrote a piece saying that people should
let Sarah Huckabee Sanders basically eat
where she wants to eat when they say we
nevertheless would argue that Miss
Huckabee and miss Nilson and mr. Miller
too should be allowed to eat dinner in
peace the reason they mentioned
Christian Nielsen is because something
else happened to Christian Nielsen I
want to talk about in just a second
she's the Secretary of Homeland Security
The Washington Post says those who are
insisting that we are in a special
moment justifying incivility should
think for a moment how many
Ekans might find their own special
moment how hard is it to imagine for
example people who strongly believe that
abortion is murder deciding the judges
or other officials who protect abortion
rights should not be able to live
peaceably with their families down that
road lies a world in which the only a
mozella sign up for public service that
benefits no one I think that's exactly
right from the Washington Post
shockingly they got this one right David
Axelrod tweeted something out that was
very similar he tweeted out that he was
appalled by Democrats sharing this he
said kind of amazed and appalled by the
number of folks on left who applauded
the expulsion of press secretary and her
family from a restaurant this in the end
is a triumph for Donald Trump's vision
of America now are divided by red plates
and blue plates
hashtag sad now the reality is this
stuff does benefit President Trump it
does benefit President Trump because
when you escalate these conversations to
the point of no return when you escalate
to the point when we can't have a civil
society together then trumpian punching
looks pretty good it looks pretty good
I'll give you an example so this was not
the worst example over the weekend there
were several examples of this sort of
uncivil boorish behavior over the
weekend so Kirsten Nielsen has happened
late last week she was eating at a
restaurant in Washington DC and a bunch
of protesters decided to crash the
restaurant wasn't the owners the owners
were fine with her eating they're a
bunch of outside protesters decided to
crash the restaurant and to yell at her
until she left and then she did leave
hey that was terrible and then Pam Bondi
who's the Florida Attorney General she
was spit on so left wing activist saw
Pam Bondi on the street and they started
chasing her down to harass her and spit
on here here's a little bit of what it
sounded like so what exactly did Pam
Bondi do that was so bad she went to a
screening of a mr. Rogers documentary no
I am not kidding she went to a screening
of a documentary on mr. Rogers the
leading advocate for civility over the
past half century the United States and
then left-wing activists came and
shouted her down so Christian Nielsen
the department of homeland security
secretary run out of a restaurant for
the great sin of working for the Trump
administration Sarah Huckabee Sanders
barred from a restaurant by the owners
for the great sin of working for the
Trump administration Pam Bondi screamed
at on the street for the great sin of
being a Republican and being in favor of
Rick Scott's policy on health care now
I will say that I think Huckabee Sanders
his situation is slightly different from
the Christian Nielsen and Pam Bondi
situations specifically because the
owner does have a right to keep people
out of their place well you don't have a
right so you actually do not have the
rights to walk into somebody else's
restaurants and harass somebody until
they leave right so just legally
speaking the people who showed up at the
restaurant with Christian Nielsen she
should have sat there and she should
have made the police come and arrest
those people and she shouldn't have left
she should have said to the restaurant
owners call the police because this is
harassment right this is actually a
violation of specific rights you are not
allowed to go into somebody else's place
of business and shut down the business
because you are having a problem with
one of the patrons who's patronizing
that business the worst example however
of incivility over the weekend was none
of these who was Maxine water so Maxine
Waters is just awful Maxine Waters is
indeed a she's been a for 30
years at least as long as I've been
following her in American politics I'm
only 34 years old and I remember when I
was very young
1992 LA riots I was eight years old and
Maxine Waters was out there calling it
the LA uprising and talking about how
necessary it was did a billion dollars
in property damage and ended with people
dead and she was talking about how
wonderful it was she's been just the
worst kind of politician in an American
public life for decades now well she
went out there and she was at the
federal building over on Wilshire
Boulevard and she was doing some events
and she started screaming and yelling
about why it is that we should now
harass people in their homes you should
shut people down Christian Nielsen by
the way protesters showed up outside her
home the Department of Homeland Security
Secretary they showed up outside her
home they were protesting the same thing
has happened to Chuck Schumer on
immigration right Democrats is happening
to you too but Maxine Waters loves this
stuff and so she's gonna push tactics
that are by any historical metric far
closer to brown shirt Nazi tactics than
anything the Trump administration has
done at the border
here's Maxine Waters
[Music]
[Applause]
okay I mean that's an insane statement
what she is talking about there is
essentially a fascist jackboot tactic
yeah I'm gonna review a section from a
great three-volume history of Nazi
Germany now again I'm not saying that
she is a Nazi I'm saying this is a Nazi
tactic okay it is a Nazi tactic to say
that you're going to get a bunch of
people together and you were going to go
harass public officials when they stop
at a gas station
hey that I'm not saying she's a Nazi
again I'm not saying her policies are
Nazi policies I'm saying this is a brown
shirt tactic because it is a far closer
tactic - brown shirt ISM then anything
that Trump has done at the southern
border including arresting people and
then by dint of 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals ruling separating kids from
parents I'm going to explain in a second
why I am NOT being shy about using a
Nazi analogy here because I think that
Nazi analogies are appropriate when you
can actually make the historical
reference point so I'm going to talk not
in big terms about what this reference
point is in just a second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
Peter Millar look at this shirt this
magnificent shirt ok this shirt is just
the greatest shirt that I have ever it
really is a fantastic shirt and the
shirt comes courtesy of our friends over
at Peter Millar ok they started off as
providing clothing for golfers but
recently I've been receiving my style
tips from the clothing experts at Peter
Millar because Peter Millar stuff it's
quality its value its styled right now I
am wearing their performance polo and
what I love about these shirts is they
are just comfortable they're really
stylish is that I mean it's a
great-looking shirt I also have their
five pocket pants which are terrific
they're lightweight they are highly
breathable made from the highest quality
pima cotton and they have comfort
stretch for ease of movement I also have
a pair of shorts from Peter Millar and
they are just terrific
more than Disneyland yesterday they were
awesome they felt like your favorite
jeans with the style to be worn anywhere
do the five pocket pants and they appear
Millar's exclusive wash and finish to
enhance the softness they can be worn
year-round and since they are machine
washable they're easy to take care of
they really do look like the sort of
thing you'd have to dryclean but you
don't have to dryclean them they're
really terrific again the performance
polo fantastic sort of the five pocket
pants everything I get from Peter Millar
is top-notch I also have a shirt from
Peter Millar long sleeve shirt from
Peter Lila's just great Peter Miller
comm slash penny can check out some of
my Peter Millar favorites be sure to use
link and you will receive complimentary
shipping as well as a free hat so check
it out
Peter Millar mi ll AR comm slash man
that's Peter Mallard calm slash man once
again Peter Millar comm slash Ben they
are awesome there's a reason I wear
their clothing Peter Miller comm slash
Ben and when you use that slash Ben you
get complimentary shipping as well as a
free hat so when Maxine Waters says that
people should get out at gas stations
and they should shout no peace no sleep
no peace no sleep and when she says that
in a department store at a gas station
get out and you create a crowd and you
push back on them and you tell them to
not welcome anymore anywhere until
people they're not welcome in public
life that is in fact a fascist tactic
and then tactic it again I'm gonna say
it for the 30th time I'm not saying that
not that Maxine Waters is a Nazi I am
saying that this is a Nazi tactic it is
a fascist tactic there are people who
argue that fascism is only the
government that's coming in and and
using you know force to compel you to to
obey the government that's that's the
only definition of passion is what I'm
talking about here is a philosophically
culturally fascist tactic and that is
destroying the social fabric in the name
of politics by destroying every public
space and using violent means to shut
them down right auntie fush Utting down
speeches that's a fascist tactic and
this is a fascist tactic - this is
section from Richard Evans's book the
coming of the third wrath
considering the treatment of Social
Democrat Reichstag deputy Otto buck wit
in Silesia here's where it says brown
shirts this is a 1931 before the Nazis
took power so for those who say that
Nazism only oh you can only say Nazi
once somebody's in power in the
government that's just not true the
Nazis existed before they were in power
in the government here's what it says
brown shirts occupied the seats at his
meetings shouted insults at him and on
one occasion fired a shot at him causing
