more the police stole told to stand down
did the police tell emergency responders
to stand down and we're gonna take a
look at the government's record on
mental health because all of this is
relevant to the big gun control debate
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show so first off i just want to thank
all the folks who showed up last night
at university of minnesota we had a
packed house about 500 people showed up
to to pack a pretty crowded room there
were 100 police officers who show up for
about maybe 40 protestors at most the
protesters were not violent nothing
really happened but they had a full
squat gear people racking their m4 so
this is how insane it's become on
America's college campuses when that
sort of stuff is necessary I'll have a
few more notes on that a little bit
later and a lot of news to get to here
today including some more information
updates on what happened in parkland
that story just gets worse and worse but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so I'm on
the road does it look like I've been
sleeping well I haven't the reason is
because I'm not on my helix sleep
mattress helix sleep makes the best
mattresses there are on the market for a
couples they'll even purchase analyze
each side of the mattress here's how it
works you go to helix sleep calm slash
bed you take their simple two to three
minutes sleep quiz and they will build
you a custom mattress they'll be the
best thing you have ever slept on and
when you're away from home you're gonna
miss your helix sleep mattress every
single time everybody is recommending
helix sleep and there's a reason that
custom mattress arrives to your door in
a week shipping is completely free and
then you can try it for a hundred nights
so if you don't love it they will pick
it up and they will refund you info I
don't know anybody personally that this
head that has actually done this because
that's how good the helix sleep mattress
is again it's a lot less expensive than
the stuff that you would get store
bought and it's better quality as well
they have this algorithm asks you do you
like to prefer on it to sleep on your
back or on your side or on your stomach
do you prefer the mattress to be firm or
soft and then they personalize it to
your comfort helix sleep comm / Ben
right now use the slash pending at $50
toward your custom mattress that's helix
sleep comm / Ben again 50 bucks off
toward your order that's helix sleep
comm slash men checked that out they
also have a bunch of additional products
like they've the helix mattress
protector machine washable dryer safe
completely waterproof they've the helix
foundation which is seven and a half
inches of solid pine upholstered with
the same woven fabric as your helix
mattress so all sorts of good stuff over
at helix sleep comm / Ben again you get
50 bucks toward your custom mattress
when you go to helix sleep
/ better okay so time for some updates
on what has happened in parkland so
every day there's more information now
coming out on what the sheriff's office
in Broward County did and did not do in
the lead-up to during the attack and in
the aftermath of the of the parkland
shooting attack at the school shooting
and it is really astonishing me the more
information that comes out the worse
this get so according to Miami Herald
today the shooter threatened classmates
posted photos of himself holding guns
made violent statements online and there
was repeatedly described to authorities
as a potential school shooter his
troubling behavior gave law enforcement
plenty of opportunities to investigate
and arrest him according to Miami Herald
and even take away his guns long before
he shot up Marjorie Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland last week
according to interviews with former
Florida South of South Florida
prosecutors and legal experts now
remember sheriff Scott Israel had
claimed that there was no way under law
from they actually confiscate the
weapons of the shooter or to arrest the
shooter that is not true according to
miami-dade a prosecutor Marshall Doreen
Lewis says quote there's no doubt that
was a failure and the idea that they
were aware of it and could do nothing is
absurd we can't let this happen again so
not only did the FBI refused to act on
too strong tips one of which involved
the shooter posting on the internet that
he plan to become a professional school
shooter which is illegal that's a
terrorist threat the Palm Beach
Sheriff's Office was told the shooter
had put a gun to other's heads in the
past the Florida Department of Children
and Families ruled him stable despite
clear evidence of self harm and at the
school where the where the shooter
killed 17 people they knew he was
cutting himself threatening students and
taking pictures with guns and that he
may have ingested gasoline in an attempt
to commit suicide and nothing was done
about any of these things they did have
the legal authority to go in and arrest
him they had the legal authority to
ensure that he did not have weapons they
did not do any of those things they
dropped the ball they really blew it now
there are some rumors out there and
we'll see if they're substantiated Sarah
Rumph / red state has a long piece about
it it is obvious that the the Sheriff's
of Broward County have been attempting
to minimize the number of arrests that
take place on campus the reports that
the student that the shooter was
expelled from the school are not true he
was actually allowed to remain in the
school and there are a lot of questions
being asked today about whether the
determination to end the so-called
school to Prison Pipeline allowed the
police to let this guy off the hook that
basically they didn't want to be part of
that school
Prison Pipeline so instead they let an
incipient school shooter run around on
the loose with guns which would just be
devastating we'll see if there's more
information that comes out about that
even if the case couldn't have been made
the arrests should have happened the
teen might have been placed squarely on
the radar of police analysts and then
anytime anything else came up there
would be more action taken by the police
one another prosecutor named pre Ovilus
according Miami Herald says at the very
least the most capable intelligence
detectives should have been monitoring
him the sheriff has said that the BSO's
handling of tips is under internal
investigation he says I don't know that
the signs were missed he said this isn't
science fiction were not allowed to
arrest on what a person thinks about on
pre crimes but this wasn't a matter of
pre crimes there are reports of this
shooter threatening other students that
is cyber stalking under the law in the
state of Florida there's pictures of the
student online brandishing guns and
talking about being a school shooter
these are crimes in the state of Florida
and there have been other people who
have been arrested for similar stuff
miami-dade schools policed on Friday
arrested Cropp High senior Shawn Mesa
for posting photos of himself with guns
on social media improper display of a
firearm is a misdemeanor in Florida
that's not the only case that is like
that there's another arrest that was
made in 2016 of somebody who is involved
in very similar behavior there is a
there is a Miami Dade police homeland
security bureau arrest of a guy named
Enrico coming.and Dominguez who is
posting apparently disturbing images of
himself dressed like the Joker with
combat style knives and his co-workers
report he pledged allegiance to al I
showed them Isis execution videos in
vowed to dress like the Joker
before gunning down co-workers they went
and arrested him why couldn't that have
applied here the answer is it could have
applied here but something happened at
the sheriff's office and they didn't do
their job and now we're finding out that
the the sheriff's office itself may have
told police officers to stand down so
Laura Ingraham reported on her show
yesterday that deputies were told to
stand outside and wait because they
didn't have body cameras on so because
there are no body cameras on the
detectives or on the on the sheriff's
deputies and because they didn't want to
go in without those body cameras so that
they could defend themselves against
possible lawsuit maybe whatever the case
was according to Ingram her sources in
the department say these deputies were
told to stand around outside while kids
were getting shot inside our
horses near the Broward County Sheriff's
Department are telling us that the
deputies who arrived at the scene of the
shooting were told not to enter the
school unless their body cameras were
turned on and then we found out that the
deputies did not have body cameras so
they did not enter or enter the building
or engage the shooter so curiously
police also lost radio communications
during the parkland shooting I mean this
is a massive botch they didn't even have
body cameras but they suddenly obeyed
the rule that they weren't allowed to go
into dangerous areas with body cameras
something is really fishy here there's
an EMT who's on national TV last night
an emergency medical respondent who is
saying that the police were barring them
from getting in they said they could
have saved some more lives if they've
been allowed to get in there right away
but they weren't allowed to get in there
the police were stopping them from going
in three high-ranking Florida officials
are expressing their frustration because
they say EMS was delayed getting inside
Stoneman Douglas High School on the day
of the shooting in the critical moments
when victims lay inside in need of
immediate care one source tells FOX News
some EMS teams requested to go inside
but were denied by the commanding agency
the Broward County Sheriff's Office that
source alleges scanner recordings will
reveal that okay this is amazing stuff
is amazing stuff and people are come
with the NRA and law abiding gun owners
as the problem we also now have a
response from the Broward deputy the the
Broward deputy Scott Peterson who's been
ripped up in town by the sheriff and
there's something fishy about the
sheriff ripping this this deputy up and
down and suggesting that he was a coward
there's something very fishy about a
sheriff who does not defend his cops and
who throws his cops under the bus now
may may be very well at this deputy
chicken down that's quite possible
that's not what he's saying according to
his lawyer quote allegations that mr.
Peterson was a coward and that his
performance under the circumstances
failed to meet the standards of police
officers are patently untrue let there
be no mistake mr. Peterson wishes he
could have prevented the untimely
passing of the 17 victims on that day
his heart goes out to the family of the
victims in their time of need
however the allegations that mr.
Peterson was a coward and that his
performance under the circumstances
failed to meet the standards of police
officers are patently untrue mr.
Peterson is confident that his actions
on that they were appropriate under the
circumstances and that the video
together with the eyewitness tests
those on the scene will exonerate him of
any subpar performance so this is
another one of the questions why don't
we have the video why don't we know what
happened they have video of what
happened there they have cameras on the
premises
this particular deputy was awarded the
school deputy of the Year in 2014
apparently according to Miami Herald he
was in another building dealing with a
student issue and the shot sounded he
was armed with his sidearm he ran to the
west side of building 12 and set up in a
defensive position then did nothing for
four minutes until the gunfire stopped
according to the sheriff but according
to this deputy he says that he heard the
gunshots but believed the gunshots were
originating from outside the building on
the school campus and he said BSO trains
its officers that in the event of a
outdoor gunfire want us to seek cover
and assess the situation in order to
communicate what one observes with other
law enforcement so maybe a mistake was
just made as opposed to cowardice or as
possible that there was something else
going on because we still have not fully
rebutted that CNN report that says it
was not one deputy on premises but four
deputies on premises who are outside
doing nothing and if Ingram's report is
correct if Flores report is correct then
that means that there were four people
outside who were told not to go in
because their body cameras weren't on
them which is just insane now meanwhile
the sheriff Scott Israel is doing his
best to avoid all culpability again
according to Laura Ingraham just a few
hours ago the Ingraham angle receives
copies of internal emails from a source
close to the Broward Sheriff's Office
which has since been confirmed by a
second source that email urges all staff
members to vigorously support sheriff
Israel so in other words he's too busy
defending his own ass to actually take
responsibility for what went on in his
department there's no question this
guy's a political actor through and
through Israel actually got into hot
water back in December why because
they're a bunch of Broward County
Sheriff's cars and he wrapped his he put
a wrap on the cars with his face on it
for political purposes they were
jokingly called Israel Mobile's by
members of the department and we
obviously know the sheriff loves
grandstanding we know he loves his
camera time he's never run from a camera
at any point and he apparently and he
knows full well what happened here we're
just not getting all the information now
there will be a full investigation that
takes place I'm sure that we will find
out what happened here I have a very
little doubt that it's going to cast
even more aspersions toward his behavior
in this whole thing it's truly
disastrous and truly frightening and
again the bottom line is this if you
expect me to give up my weapon when the
authorities won't even do their job you
must be out of your mind
if you think that I'm gonna give up my
method for defending myself because the
authorities want me to and then they
won't even defend my kids if my kids are
going to a school that they are assigned
try again not going to happen
there's only we know who blew it here
okay wasn't the NRA that blew it here it
was the FBI it was the local law
enforcement the reason this matters is
because we keep hearing about how we
need more laws on the books
well more laws on the books aren't going
to do anything if we're not enforcing
the laws that are already on the books
more laws aren't gonna change anything
if we're not actually changing things
which we're not of course so that means
that more of these school shootings are
likely to happen and the grandstanding
doesn't help either which brings us to
the grandstanding itself so there's been
a ton of focus on the on a specific
subset I should say of kids who were at
the Parkland school at Marjory Stoneman
High School when this happened and it's
a very specific subset and you know all
their names right you know Cameron
caskey you've seen him on TV and you
know Emma Emma Gonzalez you've seen her
on TV as well and she has now over a
million Twitter followers after having
basically zero Twitter followers a week
ago because the media have really been
pushing her out there and of course
David hog who's been on every TV show
that he can possibly find now they have
every right to speak as much as they
want and we have every right to
criticize them as much as we want
because this is still the United States
of America and just because you went
through something tough does not mean
that you're an expert on what happened
or why it happened it just means that
you're an expert on suffering as I've
said here on the show a bunch of times
hey but nonetheless we are being treated
to the awkward spectacle of these kids
being trotted out there by a compliant
media that actually has Charlie cook
over at over at National Review says are
laundering their views through the moral
bank accounts of these students all the
people in the media wish they could call
for a ban for guns every day on the air
they can't so instead they bring on
these kids to do it for them that's the
whole goal of having these kids as
guests and the kids are saying things
that are just insipid David hog
particularly has is a very bad spokesman
for his for his point of view not just
because he's a good-looking kid who can
complete a sentence doesn't mean
anything he says makes any sense and
again this is not a rip on him as a
victim and this is a rip on him as
political commentator you either say
things that are intelligence or you
don't and your experiences have nothing
to do with it this is a form of identity
politics in the same way that the left
will maintain that your opinion should
be
not based on the actual content or value
of your opinion but based on the color
of your skin your ethnicity your
religion your background instead of
Abdullah instead of doing it on that
basis they're saying that we should now
judge the the decency of your viewpoint
or the genius of your viewpoint based
solely on whether you went through a
terrible experience at a school shooting
so here is David hog suggesting once
again for the umpteenth time the
politicians don't care about kidlat
kids lives he cares deeply about kids
lives David hog he cares so deeply that
he's called for a boycott of Amazon he's
held for a boycott in the state of
Florida because there's nothing like
harming those family business owners
down in Miami Beach you have to make
sure that those new immigrants can't
sell their tacos during spring break we
got to make sure that doesn't happen so
he wants people to boycott Florida until
the gun laws in Florida change he has
spoken at a rally in New Jersey he is
pushing for a boycott against FedEx he
says he's not gonna go back to school
until he gets what he wants well tough I
mean then they don't go back to school
that's that's not true anyway he will be
back at school in any case he was doing
this routine again yesterday politicians
don't care about kids lives this is the
worst form of demagoguery and here he is
saying it these politicians don't care
about these children's lives
notice how the only action being taken
for example with Rick Scott is after he
is running for Senate to try to take
Bill dose and seat that's what's going
on here people need to acknowledge that
and like with Marco Rubio for example
the man must be a professional dancer
just like other politicians because he's
great at sidestepping questions at the
CNN Town Hall he turned a 1-1 word
answer into a five sentence shenanigan
emitting propaganda from the NRA and
repeating his false message that he's
got his message that he's going to
continue to accept money from the NRA
just making sure that people don't
understand that and they're distracted
by him trying to turn it into a long
answer so he can get reelected and it's
