bad diversity is where we have two
people who grow up in countries that
drive on opposite sides of the road and
you decide that everybody is entitled to
drive on the side of the road that they
grew up of and feel comfortable with and
all you get is auto accidents so we are
here with intellectual dark web
impresario Eric Weinstein we're going to
get started talking in just a minute
when the most fascinating guys around
but first I want to talk to you about
your internet security with all the
recent news about online security
breaches it's hard not to worry about
where my data goes making an online
purchase simply accessing your email it
could be putting your private
information at risk because you are
being tracked online by social media
sites and marketing companies and your
mobile or internet provider not only can
they record your browsing history they
often sell it to other corporations who
want to profit from that information
which is why I've taken back my privacy
by using Express VPN so expressvpn they
have easy to you at easy to use apps
that run seamlessly in the background of
your computer or phone tablet turning on
expressvpn protection only takes one
click and expressvpn secures and
anonymizes your internet browsing it
encrypts your data hiding your public IP
address protecting yourself with
expressvpn cost less than seven bucks a
month you owe it to yourself it's rated
the number one VPN service by TechRadar
it comes with a 30-day money back
guarantee so try and see if you like it
you will if you ever use public Wi-Fi
you want to keep hackers and spies from
seeing your data expressvpn is indeed
the solution and if you don't want to
hand over your online in history to
internet providers or Dayna resellers
expressvpn can help you protect that
online activity today find out how you
can get three months for free and
expressvpn comm slash pen that's expr
ESS VPN com slash been for three months
free with one year package expressvpn
com slash man to check it out and learn
more okay Eric Weinstein thank you so
much for joining me here on the Sunday
special for those who don't know Eric
Weinstein is a harvard-trained PhD in
mathematics who somehow found himself as
the creator of the intellectual dark web
which you've read about in the pages of
the New York Times omits photos of
people like Eric standing in the trees
with Sam Harris and Joe Rogan standing
among the cacti so Eric first of all
welcome thanks for coming in thanks for
everything the second of all how did you
who started off and still work in the
world of physics and mathematics ends up
creating at least the name for the
intellectual dark web you did it I know
we're on stage again
when it happened so what's the backstory
here well I think it's actually sort of
an interesting one I have been tracking
various political and social issues
since the 1980s and have inserted myself
or fought through a number of topics
including high-skilled immigration
mortgage-backed securities and various
issues having to do with my concerns
over the loss of objectivity in the
major press organs so in some ways this
is not my first rodeo there have been a
few before and what's been really
interesting for me is that this is the
first one where I've had great company
so a lot of these previous iterations
have been really one or two people like
Nassim Taleb was a co-fighter in the
mortgage-backed security question and
the guy named norm Matloff was one of
the few people who is really a critic of
high-skilled immigration from an
intelligent position so what's really
interesting about this is that this is
the first time that there's a large
number of interesting voices with a few
new technologies and and wrinkles to
explore and I think the best thing I
could think to do with so many
independent voices was to try to use
language to identify what was already
occurring and have the language sort of
help people see what was already
happening and that would allow it us to
direct this a little bit for more more
powerfully what do you think has changed
well what sort of brought all of this
together because obviously it's pretty
politically disparate group you're on
the political left you voted Democrat I
believe virtually all the time no I
don't think I've ever voted okay so yeah
so you're on the left and you know
obviously your brother Brett who's a
member of the IDW in good standing he
also is on the Left people like Sam
Harris are on the left and then I may be
the only overt conservative in the group
actually I think it's been it's been
actually perceived as this wild
right-wing group and as far as I know
I'm the only registered Republican in
the group so far as I know and I think
that has to do with the fact that
something very peculiar happened
on the left and so in many ways this is
a response from an older left to what is
viewed as almost certainly a very brief
very intense and very crazy
bout of bad judgment I would say from
the American left it's not that these
strains haven't been present before but
what's really new to me is the idea that
this new sort of woke Network which
practices something which I've called
left car theism has invaded the major
organs of civil society and the most
important examples of this I would say
first and foremost is not the
universities but the major media
companies that art form our sense making
network so news bureaus let's say the
next thing that's infected in my opinion
is the tech companies that are public
facing which are under constant pressure
to show that they are sufficiently in
line with what are called progressive
values but I think most of us with a
longer timeline would say we're very
regressive values in the intelligence
community which you know scares me no
end almost certainly has a relationship
with these tech companies given that we
deposit all our secrets into our gmail
accounts and our browsing histories is
you were just talking about in your
latest plug you know all of these things
are come together and what I call Tim
technology intelligence and media the
universities are a certain or certainly
a serious problem but I think the most
important problem is that we can't trust
our sense making organs because you know
as we just i tweeted out today the new
yorker you know ran a tweet saying
conservative orders like my louie
innopolis ben shapiro and richard
Spencer and then dot dot and I thought
wow I mean you just put ben shapiro next
to Richard Spencer's if none of us are
gonna notice what you just did this has
gotten really dirty really negative and
conservatives have complained about
excesses on the left for a long time and
I think that's been fair but I also
think that there have been a lot of
excesses on the right what we're seeing
is some
thing really really new the the the new
left is much more dangerous and I think
those of us on the on the old left who
weren't happy with some of these strains
before take it upon ourselves to say how
do we clean this up this is in some
sense our problem and you know that that
was not fair to do to you so if the New
Yorkers not going to apologize to you I
prefer not to apologize I'm just gonna
fight back because it's just not right
well you didn't do it so you shouldn't
apologize obviously so but but let's
talk about how you fix these particular
institutions and what is the exact
problem with the institution so there
have been a couple of solutions proposed
with regard to the media from the right
one is the sort of restoration of the
idea that there is an objective
journalism to be found and that
everybody should go back to this
aspirational idea that supposedly
existed before where there were the fact
checkers and the people who reported the
facts and then there were the opinion
makers and there were two separate
groups of people and then there are
folks like me who tend toward a sort of
legal realist perspective when it comes
to media which is all these folks have
their political point of view we know
they all have their political point of
view why don't they just be honest about
their political point of view I run a
right-wing website the Huffington Post
the left-wing website I have less of a
problem with CNN with MSNBC than I do
with CNN for exactly this reason because
MSNBC is clear about its bias he's how
do you think this gets solved is it
people being upfront about their own
biases or attempting to remove their own
biases in doing the reporting is that
even possible
I think both of those both of those
techniques can work just fine so you
know gonzo was the idea that if we just
open what it is that we're thinking and
doing we insert ourselves into the story
that that allows the consumer to unspin
whatever it is that they're doing or you
can have Waring you know a left-wing
media and a right-wing media that's not
what the problem is at the moment I
think that the problem is that a lot of
this stuff is just actually disingenuous
right people know that you are not a
Nazi and they know that Richard Spencer
is very close to being one you know that
he's really flirting with stuff that's
absolutely dangerous and crazy and they
don't care the key point is as somebody
said to me recently and progress is
messy and the idea is that if certain
lives have to get ruined on the way
towards some imagined egalitarian
society then that's just too
damn bad that's terrifying literally the
language of Stalinism I mean that is
breaking the eggs to make the omelet
does that is legitimately that the
quotes being used by people who are
selling us yes and you know sometimes
certain bad things have to happen but
we're talking about the actual
destruction of interesting and important
lives because the people who see this
collectively view this as a hive if a
few bees and a hive die it's not like
the hive actually collapses so because
of the collectivist framework they
actually don't see damages to individual
lives as particularly worthy of empathy
so what is going on I think is very
important you know you bring up two
models you can either try for your
objectivity who can be honest about your
biases both of those are much more
similar to each other than this other
thing is which is we know what the right
answer is for society and it doesn't
really matter how we get to get there so
what we're going to do is we're going to
propose ideas that are and in an analogy
there almost like suicide ideas they're
ideas that are simply meant to be highly
destructive so that you know if I say to
you well you know clearly a white man I
can't understand anything and what I've
just done is I've taken two of your
attributes and I've shut you up or
forced you to deal with this completely
irrelevant argument you know for the
next 90 minutes so this style of
argumentation is is something that
actually has to be excluded if you want
a diversity of opinion of opinions that
actually matter it's very important not
to seat people who think in these terms
at the table and you know this is what
we talked about another I think maybe on
the Rubin reporter maybe it was just
before you got there there's good
diversity and there's bad diversity and
so what I analogized is good diversities
we have people who are of good character
trying to puzzle through something
fighting very hard for their perspective
bad diversity is where you have two
people who grow up in countries that
drop but they drive on opposite sides of
the road and you decide that everybody
is entitled to drive on the side of the
road that they grew up of and feel
comfortable with and all you get is auto
accidents and so it's very important to
drive bad diversity out of the system
because otherwise you never get to
experience the benefits of the highly
multicultural and interesting diverse
society that we've managed to build for
us so you've spent an awful lot of time
in the tech community also so you
mentioned three specific areas mentioned
media and
the intelligence community chose so tech
you've spent a lot of time in because
you work closely with Peter Thiel who
obviously is deeply involved in
everything Silicon Valley has to offer
I've been complaining for a long time
about the inherent biases of places like
Facebook and YouTube and it's pretty
obvious to folks including Dave Dave
Rubin that YouTube has a biased
algorithm that D monetize his particular
points of view Facebook has on occasion
really punish people on the right for I
believe political reasons is there
anything can be done about this in any
real sense or we just at the whims of
what are essentially monopolies I mean
Facebook has the closest thing to a
monopoly that I've seen in modern
American life and I'm not an antitrust
guy by nature but the fact is there's no
competing service that even comes close
to the sort of control that Facebook has
over social media and people have spent
millions of dollars promoting material
on Facebook to have Facebook gobble that
up and then turn back an algorithm that
is dishonest and disingenuous in many
cases is that something that can be
dealt with or is the only answer
regulation or the building of
alternative methods of distribution yeah
I think that yeah this is a really
interesting and difficult problem I
believe that there is actually a set of
new problems that came about from the
fact that this technology giving
everybody the power of their own
newspaper let's say to publish their own
newspaper is a new feature of the world
it's not clear to me that free speech
can just go on as before because of how
big of a shift this particular new idea
is you know if I get a hold of you know
some very dangerous secrets before
anybody knows that I could have
published it on on Instagram or Facebook
or who knows what so I think that there
are actually a new suite of problems
that are probably going to have to
change jurisprudence if we're going to
keep the spirit of the Constitution
alive and I don't know what that's going
to be but I think that that's going to
be a change when these companies found
that they had these problems that people
didn't want to be on the networks
because everything was so unpleasant
when everyone was getting all
information all the time I think that
they tried to get community policing
whoever the people were complaining the
loudest if you
complaining loudly you might become a
Truth and Safety Commission member and
so effectively all of the most noisy
most upset about folks ended up in in
these positions of some power and
influence and a lot of the suggestions
that they've made have been lousy to
people who have a very strongly rational
perspective
nobody's perfectly rational but the idea
being that lots of things that we talk
about that should be discussable by
adults and in an adult fashion you know
if let's say my brother mentions
genotype and phenotype is a biologist
and someone has a freakout session
because they think that that's evidence
of his bigotry that person who's
freaking out needs to be downregulated
and not listen to so it's very important
that we not over value the loudest and
shrillest voices but the tech companies
I don't think figured out how to do that
furthermore I think that what we don't
what I don't understand is the extent to
which what I call the gated
institutional narrative or gin depended
upon their being very few outlets to
check or challenge what the major
thematic narratives would be and I think
that there's a real difficulty with
people who came up in the previous world
before the internet and before social
media trying to figure out how to exert
enough party you know level discipline
in order to have these sort of long
narratives that we remember from the era
of Walter Cronkite and Eric severide and
that's that's gone away it's never
coming back unless somebody does
something drastic so I think it's very
important to understand there were some
problems and we haven't had good
solutions but what Arendt was terrifying
me is that I don't know what part of
this might be directed and what part of
this is emergent I don't know if there
are there have always been people behind
the scenes looking to manipulate the
media and what I don't know is if those
hands are currently using the power of
these algorithms in a way that has
nothing to do with providing a more
engaging and pleasant product so it's
necessary on almost certainly we need
control over the algorithms I
need to be able to experiment and flick
a switch and say I want to see things in
the order that they were published I
want to see things without you
prioritizing this or up regulating and
down regulating that give me the toggle
switches in the control so that
fundamentally I can catch you if I see
that you were politically manipulating
so for example on Twitter I never know
which of these accounts are authentic if
I tweet something and 20 accounts have
very similar statements like hahaha what
an idiot okay that's gonna make me feel
a particular way what if those accounts
are all owned by one person and then
they're programmed to do that we don't
know which percentage of this is
effective so in a second I'm gonna ask
about the intelligence community first
let's talk about your impending doom
okay everyone is going to die 71% of
people say they need life insurance but
only 59% of people have coverage which
means at least 12% of people are
procrastinating and 29% of people are
stupid because all of you need life
insurance sure normally procrastinating
is a bad thing but if you've been
avoiding getting life insurance
procrastinating may have worked in your
favor this one's because while you are
putting it off policy genius was making
it easy policy genius is the easy way to
compare life insurance online you can
compare quotes in just five minutes and
when it's that easy putting it off
becomes a lot harder plus if you put it
off too long you die and then it's too
late you can compare of quotes while
sitting on the couch watching TV you can
compare quotes while you're listening to
this podcast go try it
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance they've placed
over twenty billion dollars in coverage
and they don't just do life insurance
they also do disability insurance and
renter's insurance and health insurance
if you care about it they can cover it
so if you need life insurance but you've
been busy because you're putting it off
or whatever you don't have the time
checkout policy genius it's the easy way
to compare top insurers find the best
value for you no sales pressure is zero
hassle it's free policy genius calm when
it's this easy to compare life insurance
there's no reason to put it off policy
genius calm okay so now let's talk about
the third leg of the stool that you're
having problems with here and that is
the intelligence community so obviously
President Trump has been incredibly
critical of the intelligence community I
think some of that is disingenuous I
