president Trump celebrates his birthday
with historically good economy we talk
over president Trump's comments about
Kim jong-un plus the Department of
Justice Inspector General report on
James Comey is breaking and will talk
about it this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
I'll get really busy Newsday today I
mean a lot of news breaking like right
now and we will go through all of it in
just a second but first I want to talk
to you a little bit about the fact that
you need some money right look I know
that you probably have something that
you want to do some work around the
house can pay off some credit card bills
and you need some sort of short-term
loan you need some sort of swing loan
that is going to make you able to get
through the next couple of weeks or pay
for that project that you've been
putting off well that's what Lending
Club is for with Lending Club you can
consolidate your debt pay off your
credit cards with one fixed monthly
payment since 2007 Lending Club is how
millions of people regain controlled
their finances with affordable
fixed-rate personal loans you don't have
to go to a bank and there's no high
interest credit cards you just go to
Lending Club com let me tell them about
yourself and how much you want to borrow
pick the terms that are right for you
and if you're approved your loan is
automatically deposited into your bank
account in as little as a few days
they're the number one peer-to-peer
lending platform over thirty five
billion dollars in loans issued all you
have to do to check them out is go over
to Lending Club com /ban you can
actually check your rate in minutes and
borrow up to $40,000 and again these are
gonna be lower rates than getting a high
interest credit card for sure Lending
Club com /ban that's Lending Club com
/ban again all loans met by made by web
bank member FDIC Equal Housing lender
check it out Lending Club com slash Ben
to see if you're qualified for a known
that that it's quick and easy and and
available to you Lending Club comm slash
Ben go check it out for loans up to
$40,000 alrighty so let's talk a little
bit about the fact the president okay so
it's president from birthday today's
president comes birthday and president
Trump is 72 years old today which is
pretty amazing I mean the guy is the
oldest president ever elected and he is
fit as a fiddle and ready for lovin
president Trump is obviously an
energetic dude and he's celebrating a
good birthday I mean let's let's be real
about this the President of the United
States is is having himself in upswing
in the polls and there are a lot of
elements where the president looks
really good so the this is a great story
for him today the Federal Reserve's just
raised its outlook on u.s. economic
growth on Wednesday the median real GDP
forecast Rose rose to 2.8 percent up
from 2.7 percent for this year there are
no changes for 2019 and 2020 economic
activity has been rising at a solid
right according to the Fed statement
marking an upgrade from moderate in the
previous statement also there is a
report out today put out by
Jim Pathak Lucas all about how the there
are banks that were now revising the
growth estimates for the last quarter up
dramatically all the way up to four
percent from two point eight percent and
what we are seeing here is a booming
economy this is the quote from JP Morgan
actually on the heels of this data we
now estimate real GDP is expanding at a
4.0 annual rate in q2 up from our prior
estimate of 2.75 almost twice the 2.2
percent growth rate experienced in q1
I'm old enough to remember when it was
considered crazy when President Trump
suggested that he was going to get the
annual growth rate up to four or five
percent of GDP and now what's happening
right now it appears to be happening so
that is great news for the President of
the United States obviously the North
Korean summit is also very good news for
the presidents of the United States at
least in terms of public relations the
public is very happy that President
Trump did this they think that maybe
just maybe this will open us up to a new
world we'll talk a little bit about that
in a bit what it is that that is being
opened up here whether in fact President
Trump has open negotiations that will
lead to denuclearization of the North
Korean Peninsula or whether what we are
really talking about is another sort of
plan that president from has in my know
and talked about that in a little while
plus in sort of hilarious news you
recall that President Obama spent an
inordinate amount of time attempting to
bring the World Cup to the United States
so he cut a video in 2009 he talked with
Sepp Blatter who's the head at that
point of five of the World Cup about
bringing the World Cup to the United
States in I believe he's 2022 well now
it turns out that the administration
that got it done is actually the Trump
administration now the Trump
administration was involved in sort of
covert ways right in quiet ways but they
put together what's called the United
bit the United bid was a bid for the
World Cup between Canada China Canada
Mexico and the United States and that
group is going to host some 80 World Cup
games the vote past so they are going to
host the World Cup 60 of those games
will be held in the United States 60 of
those matches now I am NOT a soccer fan
so I really don't care all that much but
it is a thumb in the eye to the Obama
administration that spent years trying
to woo the World Cup to the United
States and then President Trump gets it
done in the first year and a half so
that's that's pretty hilarious
and you have to enjoy that so President
Trump is having himself a good birthday
adding to that good birthday is the fact
that the Department of Justice Inspector
General report just released a report
blasting James Comey for violating FBI
protocol during the Hillary Clinton
investigation now this is a report
that's going to be interpreted
a couple of different ways it's going to
be interpreted in the worst possible
light for the FBI by Republicans and the
best possible light for but for the FBI
by Democrats here's what the report
actually says so on Thursday Bloomberg
News got the early scoop on the DOJ
inspector general's report on the
actions of the FBI during the 2016
election cycle with regard to the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
misuse of her email server so according
to Bloomberg the reports conclusion from
Inspector General Michael Horowitz you
remember this guy is the same one who
recommended the prosecution of former
deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe for
leaking information in an authorized
fashion to the Pres so he has a pretty
good track record of calling things out
when he sees them he says that James
Comey and the FBI violated protocol but
did not do so for reasons of political
bias and this is where the Republicans
are going to be spitting man what they
are going to say is that of course James
Comey operated by breaking protocol in
terms of political bias and the left is
going to say the same thing by the way
they're gonna say that the FBI violated
protocol in order to make Hillary lose
the election every boy every buddy's
going to attribute to James coming in
the FBI political bias I think there is
political bias but not quite in the way
that people think the political bias
works so people think political bias
means that combing elect Hillary or
combing like Trump I don't think that's
the political bias at work here I think
the political bias at work is that James
Comey wanted to exonerate Hillary
Clinton knowing that that's what the DOJ
wanted him to do and at the same time he
didn't want the FBI slandered with the
idea that the FBI had been ordered by
the DOJ to clear the the the clear-all
of this or they also didn't want the DOJ
to look corrupt so instead he took it on
his own shoulders
I think the commis are an explanation of
his event of these events is damning
enough I don't think you have to make up
another explanation for why it is that
Jim's coming violated protocol here's
what the the the DOJ report concludes
the IG report concludes quote well we
did not find that these decisions were
the result of political bias on commis
part we nevertheless concluded that by
departing so clearly and dramatically
from FBI and department norms the
decisions negatively impacted the
perception of the FBI and the department
as fair administrators of justice so
here is what Michael Horowitz claims he
says the James Comey had troublingly
failed to inform the Department of
Justice in advance about his July 5th
statement condemning Clinton for
carelessness but absolving her of
criminal activity so in other words
James Comey had been told by Loretta
Lynch that she would basically accept
his recommendation instead of him going
to Loretta Lynch
with his recommendation quietly and then
learn a Lynch announcing everything he
went out there and he did his famous
July 5th press conference where he
basically announced that Hillary was
guilty but he wasn't going to recommend
prosecution for her anyway because she
didn't have requisite intent even though
the law itself does not need intent the
law is written along lines of negligence
it is not written along lines of Hillary
Clinton must have wanted to expose
classified information to foreign
sources but James Comey added that
elements of law and then he said later
that we wouldn't prosecute anybody under
these same circumstances which is sort
of a dicey proposition Michael Horowitz
says that the big problem here is not
the actual statement that Comey made
it's that James Comey did not coordinate
with Loretta Lynch on all of this yeah
it's a little bit weak men Horowitz said
that commis failure to coordinate with
the DOJ involved a quote troubling lack
of any direct substantive communication
with Lynch Horowitz added that Comey
also should have coordinated with
Loretta Lynch before sending his October
28th 2016 letter to Congress announcing
the reopening of the Hillary email
investigation based on the discoveries
on Anthony Weiner's computer here's what
Horowitz writes quote we found it
extraordinary that in advance of to such
consequential decisions the FBI director
decided that the best course of conduct
most do not speak directly and
substantively with the Attorney General
about how best to navigate those
decisions now Comey will say the reason
I didn't talk to Loretta Lynch is cuz I
thought Loretta Lynch might be corrupt
she'd met on the tarmac with Bill
Clinton the right will say the reason
that Comey didn't coordinate with
Loretta Lynch on all this is because he
didn't want to look her up but he
actually was corrupt he knew what
Loretta Lynch wanted and he gave it to
her so both sides are gonna read this
report the way they want to read this
report Horowitz also investigated
anti-trump text messages between the FBI
agents Peter struck and Lisa Paige
remember there were all these anti-trump
text messages during the campaign about
how much they disliked Trump and
Horowitz found there was quote no
documentary or testimonial evidence that
improper considerations including
political bias directly affected these
specific investigative actions we
reviewed now it's worth noting that is
pretty weak legal language there right
that's a little bit of lawyer fudging
right there when he says that there's no
evidence that improper considerations
including political bias quote directly
affected the specific investigative
actions
how about indirectly affected these
specific investigative actions what if
it's not that they decided they were
gonna get Trump overtly but they decide
they were gonna be a little harder on
President Trump or a little bit easier
on Hillary Clinton cuz they didn't like
President Trump right that's a little
bit of wiggle room in the language
Horowitz said the contact by these
employees did cast a doubt over the
entire FBI investigation so as I say
it's easy to look at this report and see
how Republicans come to the conclusion
that Comey acted politically how
Democrats come to the conclusion that
Comey acted politically because after
all Comey did more damage to Hillary
Clinton than he did to Donald Trump
during the during the campaign itself i
coming to tremendous damage to donald
trump after the campaign once trump was
president but commis real damaging
impact during the campaign itself was
actually anti-hillary every was the
reopening the investigation in late
october the damaged hillary clinton you
know right about the time that she
needed a surge in the polls and instead
she faded in the polls so dramatically
the chins up losing the election so
democrats are gonna claim that the
report is biased Republicans are already
claiming that the report is biased there
are a bunch of Republican Congress
people who have put out a letter to the
director of the Inspector General of the
DOJ asking for drafts of the report they
want to make sure that it was not
watered down so here is what Andy Biggs
Ron DeSantis and Matt gets right they
say we are concerned that during this
time people may have changed the report
in a way that obfuscates your findings
per Congress's oversight authority we
request you supply our original drafts
along with the final published form
unfortunately over the past year the DOJ
has repeatedly fought requests by
Congress to produce documents related to
this investigation and when the DOJ
actually provided documents the
materials have been heavily redacted
past and present DOJ officials have
asserted security concerns even though
the documents we have seen do not
legitimately contain these issues with
every confidence your investigation and
report has been thorough and accurate we
request the various draft so they want
the draft of the report they think the
Jeff Sessions and Rod Rosenstein over at
the DOJ had some sort of impact on
Michael Horowitz his final report in
this Inspector General report I don't
blame them for being suspicious after
all sessions and Rosenstein have not
been forthcoming with documents that
have been subpoenaed by Congress at the
same time I don't really blame the DOJ
for being suspicious of Republican
Congress people who've been leaking as
much as they can to the press at the
first available opportunity and
sometimes taking things out of context
this is why I've been saying for a long
time President Trump should just
declassify everything he can possibly
declassify the President of the United
States does have the executive authority
does he classify as many materials as he
wishes there in the executive branch I
want to see all of them I want to get to
the bottom of this I think everyone else
does too and I think that these
secondhand reports are not nearly as
useful as our ability to peruse the
documentation ourselves okay so in just
a second I wanna talk about another
of breaking news that is not as good for
president Trump's this IG report is
pretty decent for president trumpets as
Comey miss acted badly that's gonna be
enough for president from to go after
him there's a piece of bad news for
president Trump I want to talk about in
just a second first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at dynatrap so
summertime is officially upon us and the
only thing more annoying than Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and the
mainstream media are flies and
mosquitoes and other insects invading
your home as it gets hotter these
insects want to come inside where it is
cooler and that is why you need dynatrap
dinotrap is the leading manufacturer now
the outdoor mosquito and insect traps
and now they've just created the indoor
dynatrap fly light the fly that looks
like a subtle nightlight it plugs into
any indoor outlet and the dynatrap fly
light works day and night to attract and
trap flies mosquitoes and other pesky
insects and it definitely definitely
works we were getting sort of all the
bugs coming in during the summer and I
have a couple of Dino traps I put them
around my house the palatial Shapiro
estate and really took care of the bug
problem right quick I've been using that
dynatrap fly light for a couple of days
now and it is pretty insane how many
flies are actually in your house that
you have not really thought about but
you will find them now now that you have
the dynatrap there is nothing more
embarrassing and gross looking than you
have people over for dinner and there's
a bunch of flies buzzing around so
instead get down and trap go to dy na t
ra P comm dynatrap comm and enter promo
code daily wire and receive 15% off any
of their products again that's dynatrap
comm dy na t ra p comm and enter that
promo code daily wire and you receive
15% of any of their products dynatrap is
the safe silent simple solution to
household insect control go check it out
today
ok so meanwhile in a piece of it not so
great news for President Trump on his
birthday the New York Attorney General
who is wildly anti Trump wildly
anti-republican right the New York
Attorney General is so anti Trump and
anti Republican that after dinesh
d'souza was given a pardon you recall
the New York Attorney General's Office
stumped for an end to quote-unquote
double jeopardy rules that allowed
dinesh d'souza to escape ok the whole
point of a double jeopardy rule is that
once you've been pardoned you've been
pardoned or if you're acquitted you're
acquitted we don't get to try you twice
for the same crime the New York Attorney
General's Office said we should create
state laws that allow us to try you
twice for the same crime which is
idiotic so it's a very very biased New
York Attorney General's Office however
they did unveil a lawsuit against the
Trump foundation they are now calling
for the Trump foundation to be forcibly
shut down the lawsuit was also launched
against President Trump Donald Trump jr.
Ivanka Trump
erich fromm their accusation is that the
Trump campaign used the Trump foundation
itself as a goody bag for various
political purposes so according to the
New York Attorney General their
investigation found that the Trump
foundation raised in excess of 2.8
million dollars in a manner designed to
influence the 2016 presidential election
at the direction and under the control
of senior leadership of the Trump
presidential campaign they say that in
violation of state and federal law
senior Trump campaign staff including
campaign manager Corey Lewandowski
dictated the timing amounts and
recipients of grants by the foundation
to nonprofits and then they include for
example an email from Corey Lewandowski
to the head of the Trump Foundation
saying Allan is there any way that we
can make some disbursements this week
while we are in Iowa specifically on
Saturday meaning it's in the middle of
the campaign can we make some foundation
charitable contributions in Iowa because
we're in the middle of the campaign
right that's pretty damning stuff and
that is not useful to to the Trump
