the authorities arrest the alleged mail
bomber the media demonstrate they have
no intention of abandoning their biases
and we check the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
okay so I apologize for uh starting late
today obviously there's a lot of
breaking news and I'm going to give you
all of the updates plus the predictable
media reaction and why I was right and
everybody else is wrong because I mean
that's what we do here we'll get to all
of that in just a second first let me
remind you that you should not miss the
latest episode of Andrew Klavan another
Kingdom performed by Michael Mills who
is in fact execrable but his performance
is not today we'll be live-streaming the
first 15 minutes of episode 4 titled
worst homecoming ever which could also
be the name of today's show head on over
to daily wire comm and subscribe to
watch the full episode and get early
access to upcoming episodes every Monday
go check that out right now also before
we begin let me remind you that we are
all mortal and because we're all mortal
you owe it to yourself to get some life
insurance life insurance is super
important but if you haven't actually
gotten life insurance now is the time
for you to do it because it's actually
irresponsible if something should happen
to you your family should be taken care
of and this is why you mean policy
genius they compare quotes from the top
life insurance companies and find the
best policy for you
it takes just two minutes to get the
quote and if you don't know the first
thing about insurance they've got all
the tools to get you up to speed
learning the difference between term and
whole life insurance calculate how much
coverage you need be sure you're making
the right decision in fact over 4
million people have used policy genius
to shop for insurance policy genius
doesn't just do life insurance by the
way they also do health insurance and
disability insurance and auto insurance
shopping around saves you money
that's what policy genius helps you do
policy genius calm gets your search
search started in just two minutes you
can compare those quotes and make an
informed decision policy genius is
indeed the easy way to compare and buy
life insurance go check them out right
now at policy genius calm and they'll
give you all the information that you
need to know about insurance and then
you can go buy it so go check it out
policy genius the easy way to compare
and buy a life insurance policy genius
calm alright so the latest breaking news
is that the authorities have arrested
the suspect in all of the attempted
bombings of various Democrats and
Democratic public figures I'm not gonna
say the name of the bomber because we
have a policy on the show that we don't
actually say the name of mass shooters
I'm going to extend that to bombers as
well specifically because so many folks
who are crazy actually like the
publicity that is attached to the naming
of bombers now we see the mass shooters
this is also true of people who attempt
to commit terror attacks one of their
goals is to assure publicity for
themselves and
incentivizing people to do evil things
because they want publicity is not
something we're going to do I will give
you the information about the guy but
I'm not gonna give you his name so the
guy's 56 years old he's identified as a
Native American Trump supporter now this
is why it was so stupid for so many on
the right to immediately leap to false
flag and I don't mean asking questions
I mean leaping to false flag you know
suggesting without any evidence that
this must be a false flag attack that
this must be some sort of democratic
operation the most obvious explanation
for a person sending a bunch of bombs to
highly public officials is that this is
a crazy person and as it turns out the
person is indeed a crazy person online
records show that this guy has a
criminal record and he has owned
companies called Native American
catering and vending as well as proud
Native America one low price
dry-cleaning he's a bodybuilder and he
is said to have been traced by DNA and
phone records and was flagged as a
suspect after making previous terror
threats to judges so presumably this is
all president Trump's and false photos
have emerged from a van that links this
guy to pro Trump anti Hillary Clinton
stickers here's what the pictures look
like for those who can't see the van is
plastered plastered with pro Trump
material it's just a bizarre van like if
you saw this on the street you would
figure absolutely crazy person there's
an inverse proportion between the number
of the between the number of bumper
stickers on your car and your sanity the
more bumper stickers on your car the
more clearly we can assume that you're a
crazy person so that means that this guy
is a complete nutjob obviously if you
just saw his van you would say the guy's
a complete nutjob
you wouldn't to know anything else about
him and then it's also the craziest
bumper stickers so it's not just CNN
sucks at bumper stickers it's pictures
of President Trump and Mike Pence it is
Hillary Clinton with a target over her
face it's the same thing with Van Jones
with the target over his face it's the
meme of President Trump riding a tank
with explosions in the background
there's a there's a bumper sticker
around here that says top youth soccer
recruits for Trump which I don't even
know what the hell that's supposed to
mean I mean I always could have figured
that it would be a soccer supporter who
is going to be responsible for something
like this
shocker I can't believe that somebody
with this van is is sending bombs to
people that's crazy now the media
immediately jump exactly where you think
they would jump which is the guy isn't
crazy he was a perfectly rational
until President Trump came along
unfortunately for them this is belied by
all available evidence so this person
has been arrested some ten times he was
arrested back in 2002 for an attempted
bombing threat presumably I guess that
was president Trump's fault back when he
was on the apprentice or something
that's the take of the media today law
enforcement officials covered that white
van it was covered in photos as I say of
Donald Trump and Mike Pence and had at
least one sticker referring to Hillary
Clinton here is a little bit of tape
from CBS News covering all of this the
FBI covering the van so all of that is
just a van it looks like in the same
location where there an arrest was made
or at least there's a lot of activity
and and I wonder you know what's
interesting
I'm guys and again I'm sorry Mel and and
sorry I'm just noticing that they're cut
the FBI the picture that you're looking
at right now is absolutely unbelievable
what they're doing is they're covering
up this van which I caught a very brief
glimpse of it and I can you know without
100% certainty but I thought I saw a
picture of Hillary Clinton in it on the
median are so excited I mean listen to
how the media are covering this
whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo
the fan has pictures of Hillary and
friendly pictures of Trump and you know
what that means that means President
Trump is responsive he deputized this
man and that's what we're gonna get
we're gonna get for it now from here
till the election we're gonna get
president Trump's rhetoric is what
caused a crazy person to be crazy so
let's just remember Beck one year ago
like a little bit over a year ago a
Bernie Sanders supporter went and
legitimately shot shot at dozens of
Republican Congress people and nearly
killed the House Majority Whip Steve
Scalise shot him so badly he was in
critical condition when he did he
arrives shouting that because the
Republicans were killing people with
their health care plan that he was now
going to kill Republican Congress people
Bernie Sanders had spent the prior month
saying that the Republican healthcare
plans was going to actually kill people
this is something that Bernie Sanders
said with Bernie Sanders responsible for
the crazy guy no Bernie Sanders was not
responsible for the crazy guy now if you
want to say if somebody let's say that a
president Trump supporter went and just
punched a protester I would say okay
what closer linkage between the rhetoric
President Trump has used and that
particular action just as I say there's
a lot closer language to linkage between
Maxine Waters saying confront people in
with places and Democrats going and
confronting people in public places
incitements one activity is not
necessarily incitement to sending bombs
in the mail or shooting people up on a
congressional baseball field but the
media have left to a particular
conclusion Bernie Sanders in 2017 was
completely innocent of what this guy did
agree and then they say well a crazy
person like an obvious crazy person
it is president Trump's responsibility
what happened here and that is
absolutely a bunch of crap and it's
dangerous crap too it is because here's
what the left says blood says is the
climate of polarization the climate has
gotten too nasty in this country it's
just a bad nasty climate of polarization
that we have here in the United States
and that's all president Trump's fault
so maybe we got a sensor what people on
the right are saying maybe we oughta
claim that people on the right are
uniquely evil do they understand that
that claim actually radicalizes folks
that the best thing if they were if they
were two-sided about this if they were
objective about this if what they said
was listen everybody needs to tone down
the rhetoric Bernie Sanders needs to
tone down the rhetoric Democrats need to
tone down the rhetoric Republicans need
to tone down the rhetoric then at least
they're consistent I've been saying that
I've been saying that for literally
years on this program I've been saying
that but that's not what the media are
saying what the media are saying is that
every time a democratic whack job does
something it's the fault of Democratic
whack job every time a Republican whack
job does something it's the fault of all
Republicans across the country and that
is going to drive people nuts and it's
going to make people less likely to tone
down the rhetoric it's likely to make
more people anti-media and all of this
talk about radicalizing people against
the media the media don't need president
Trump's help for that they do it pretty
well themselves that doesn't mean the
president Trump ought to be saying what
he's saying it does mean that the
Democrats in the media are absolutely
radicalizing a population of people on
the other side by claiming falsely that
everyone on the other side is
responsible for the actions of somebody
who's clearly insane this stuff is
really really gross and the media we're
doing this in advance right they were
prepping this this narrative for
legitimately days in advance of the
actual discovery here we'll get to the
Republicans and what they did wrong here
- because President Trump's response to
this was really really idiotic but let
me just show you some of the CNN
Chiron's
that were preemptively attacking
President Trump when they didn't even
know who this guy was so this was from
yesterday and the host is standing in
front of a
a screen that says manhunt for serial
bomber and then it has profiles of the
various people who had bombs sends them
Eric Holder Maxine Waters Robertson hero
Joe Biden and then underneath here's
what the chyron says manhunt for serial
bomber going after Trump's targets the
idea here is that President Trump
somehow deputized this crazy person to
send bombs in the mail that was
president Trump's doing a CNN was saying
this openly they weren't trying to hide
the ball here
here's another Chiron okay that is a
reporter on screen from the White House
and it says underneath CNN Trump has no
plans to claim any personal
responsibility for inciting serial
bomber why would he have plans to claim
personal responsibility for inciting a
serial bomber to Bernie Sanders claimed
that he had responsibility for inciting
a serial shooter is there like really is
there any evidence that President Trump
incited this guy did he send a piece of
mail to this guy saying you know it
would be awesome can you send some pipe
bombs to Maxine Waters but this is
exactly what CNN was claiming and you
wonder why folks on the right don't
trust the media this is why folks on the
right don't trust the media I think it's
just it's absurd
here's Maxine Waters a person who
legitimately has said in the past few
months that you should get in people's
face in quasi violent ways in public
places on politics and now she's ripping
into President Trump and saying he
should take responsibility for an
obviously crazy person by the way this
is why I objected to all the false flag
garbage that so many on the right were
spewing right out of the gate because my
feeling is that the obvious answer to
this was it was a crazy person you know
who sends bombs to people in the mail
high-profile people in the mail bombs
that don't work properly you know who
does that
crazy people if I hears Maxine Waters
bleeding president from Maxine Waters
probably the most volatile and the most
violent rhetoric using Democrat in the
United States Congress here she is
blaming Trump for all of us I think the
President of the United States has been
dog whistling to his constituency making
them believe that their problems are
caused by those people over there and I
think that they're acting out what they
believe the president wants them to do
and the way that he wants them to act
okay that's crazy okay the idea that
Trump wants people to send bombs in the
mail is insane but that's totally what
Maxine water
would say you would expect her to say
this and it's this sort of one-sided
coverage that leaves people not to trust
the media now the media are not
responsible for people sending bonds to
them but the media are responsible for
increasing a volatile climate they blame
President Trump for increasing the
volatile climate I agree President Trump
certainly has not tempted down the
volatile climate but the media are part
of that volatile climate and they are
making the climate more volatile not
less volatile and the fact that they are
denying that demonstrates that they are
completely out of touch with reality I
have more on that plus more information
on the on the suspect on the alleged
bomber in just one second first let's
talk about you getting dressed up this
weekend so yeah we're already at the
weekend and that means that it's time
for you to get dressed up look snazzy
well the suit that you got off the rack
it doesn't look very good okay it's just
hanging off of you like drapes instead
you ought to be going and getting a nice
tailored suit go check it out at Indo
Chino Indo Chino is the world's most
exciting made-to-measure menswear
company they make suits in shirts your
exact measurements for an unparalleled
fit and comfort dudes love the wide
selection of high quality fabrics and
colors to choose from you can
personalize all of the details your
lapel lining pockets buttons writing
your own monogram all you have to do is
visit a stylist at their showroom and
have them take your measurements
personally they have those showrooms
around the country or you can measure at
home and shop online and Enzo Chino com
it's really cool and you feel like James
Bond it just comes right in the mail and
it fits like a glove
plus they have now moved into casual
clothing as well they sell chinos now
chinos originated 120 years ago as part
of a British French military uniform
they were designed to be simple and
durable and comfortable in camouflage
and earthy tones
well now Indo chinos are perfectly
tailored for a fit and customizable to
suit any personal taste and style right
now my listeners get any premium Indo
Chino suit for just 359 bucks at Indo
Chino comm when entering promo code
Shapiro at checkout that's 50% off the
regular price Indo chinos had an
introductory price of 79 bucks to
shipping is free Indo Chino comm promo
code Shapiro you get all those special
deals any premium suit for just 359
bucks plus free shipping and endo chinos
had an introductory price of 79 bucks
pretty solid deals for some of the best
looking clothes you're ever gonna wear
ok so new details on I mean the stuff is
emerging minute-by-minute new details on
the alleged bomber again we're not using
his name on the program for reasons I
specified a few minutes ago apparently
his Facebook and Twitter profile are
filled with crazy conspiracy theory
no I'm shocked clearly it's Trump's
fault the Facebook account is almost
exclusively proach from content
including pictures and videos
purportedly filmed at one of the
president's political rallies the
twitter feed is littered with far-right
conspiracy theories or violent threats
aimed at some of the president Trump's
most outspoken critics he appears to
have repeatedly tweeted about George
Soros at one point he purportedly wrote
you will vanish in a tweet aimed at the
billionaire Soros is one of the people
who received one of the bombs other
tweets falsely claimed that the Stoneman
Douglas high school shooting was a false
flag operation orchestrated by Soros and
his lip and his liberal allies the
account also posted frequently angry
messages at debbie Wasserman Schultz her
name was listed on the return account
for all of the bombs other prominent
liberal activists including David Hodges
Parkland survivor and Colin Kaepernick
and aunt Eva are targeted in other
tweets also this person tweeted violent
death threats and pictures of death at
Sarah Jean who's the New York Times
columnist who was who tweeted a bunch of
racist anti white stuff awhile ago
he also sends a gory image of a
beheading vote the comedian Jim Carrey
so in other words this is an insane
person this is a totally insane person
and how do we know he's insane well
besides the fact that his van is covered
in bumper stickers like a crazy person
the Florida man has a significant
criminal history and was previously
charged with making a bomb print in 2002
the ruling in that case was not
immediately clear on Friday he was also
convicted of theft in 2014 and 2013 and
battery in 2013 in 2012 he filed for
bankruptcy and declared in court filings
he lived with his mother so yeah clearly
this is president Trump's fault
obviously this is this is all President
Trump his Twitter feed is gross he's a
gross person i I can't believe it
just a shock but again the fact that he
is nuts is not going to stop the
Democrats from trotting out the lie that
it's Republicans who caused all this so
Joy Behar is doing this routine too she
did this preemptively she said that the
entire GOP is to blame for a crazy
person who lived with his mother and was
