the Department of Justice inspector
general releases its long-awaited report
on the FBI's handling of the Hillary
investigation we will break the entire
thing down for you and we'll check the
mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
oh man yesterday was a boring news day
until it was not my goodness a bunch of
news just broke in the middle of the
afternoon and has continued until the up
through today and we will go through all
of it in just one second first I want to
make sure that you know about the
conversations we're having an episode of
the conversation next week on Tuesday
June 19 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific all of your questions will be
answered by yours truly Ben Shapiro with
our host Alicia Krauss our live Q&A will
be available on YouTube and Facebook for
everybody to watch but only subscribers
can actually ask me questions over at
Daily wire comm check out the pin
comments on this video for more
information about how to do that so
again subscribe and you can ask me those
live questions Tuesday June 19 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific I mean listen
I'm ruining my afternoon for you guys so
join the conversation and subscribe make
sure you are there also before we begin
I want to talk to you about life
insurance so sorry to break it to you if
you didn't know about it you go and die
and when you do you want to make sure
that you actually have life insurance so
that your family is not left
impoverished I mean the reality is that
without your income and without then
having to pay for all your funeral
expenses like life insurance is good for
a lot of things if you're a responsible
person you have life insurance for your
parents for your siblings for your
whoever it is that is your immediate
family your life insurance is necessary
that's why you need policy genius comso
policy genius is the easy way to compare
life insurance online in just five
minutes you can compare quotes from the
top insurers to find the best policy for
you and when you compare quotes you save
money it is indeed that simple in fact
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance they have
placed over twenty billion dollars in
coverage and it's not just life
insurance they also do disability
insurance renter's insurance health
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it go check it out right now
policy genius.com it's never been easier
to get life insurance and if you don't
want to think about life insurance well
good news policy genius takes care of it
for you in the blink of an eye so go
check it out policy genius calm it's the
easy way to compare and buy life
insurance once again policy genius com
go take care of it and be a responsible
human being ok
speaking of irresponsible human beings
my goodness so yesterday the Department
of Justice and the inspector general
release a report on the FBI's handling
of the Hillary Clinton email
investigation oh my god ok so as you
know I've been very skeptical about a
lot of the conspiracy theories
surrounding the last election cycle
about the conspiracy theory that the f
I was targeting President Trump and his
campaign during the campaign I've been
very skeptical of that I've explained
why my skepticism I was saying the
evidence was not there to support it and
I was very suspicious that the that all
the rumors about the FBI attacking
president from this was just being
overblown for partisan reasons well
color me a lot more suspicious today
that those rumors are true
coloring me a lot more suspicious today
that the that the plan to take down
president Trump's campaign may not in
fact just because you're paranoid
doesn't mean they're not out to get you
I mean that's basically what I'm got
garnering from the Department of Justice
inspector general report because the key
finding from this inspector general
report is there were indeed agents at
the FBI who are politically motivated to
stop President Trump from being
president and they were deeply involved
in both a Hillary investigation and the
Russia investigation now this particular
Inspector General report was not about
the Russia investigation so President
Trump said today for example that the
report proved there was no collusion it
didn't okay that that is not part of the
report we'll find out whether there was
collusion or not so far no evidence of
collusion and the whole thing looks like
it's going to come up empty but that
could be wrong right we'll go where the
evidence takes us but what this report
did cover was the FBI's handling of the
Hillary investigation and the key agent
in the Hillary investigation was an
impede struck right you've heard of him
because we've talked about him before
Peter struck of course is the guy who
was texting with his live-in lover he's
texting with Lisa Paige his paramour
another FBI agent they're both married
so they're both just lovely human beings
and they were texting with each other
throughout the campaign and Peter struck
was very anti Trump there are a lot of
these texts that came out but the
biggest story that came out from the
inspector general's report is that Peter
struck was basically texting with his
lover that he was going to use his power
at the FBI in order to stop President
Trump it's very difficult to read his
text any other way so let's go through
the inspector general's report it is 528
pages that report I spent a lot of
yesterday reading it I didn't want to
give full comments on it on yesterday's
show because it broke you know while the
show was was happening in a little bit
afterward and I really wanted to give
the whole thing perusal before I before
I jump to conclusions about the report I
have now read the report and it's not
good for James Comey the former head of
the FBI it is certainly not good for the
FBI as a whole it's terrible for Peter
struck and it's bad for Hillary Clinton
as well it is just not good all the way
around so there are 12 key findings of
this and we're going to go through all
of them when we finish today's show
you're going to know everything
you needed to know about the Inspector
General report and you too I think will
be a lot more suspicious that the FBI
was attempting to do the bidding of the
Obama administration the unspoken
bidding of the Obama administration and
stopped President Trump from being
president and also to to sort of kowtow
to Hillary Clinton the great irony by
the way is that the FBI that wanted
Hillary Clinton to be President these
these key players in the FBI then wanted
Hillary Clinton to be President in their
attempt to make sure that Hillary
Clinton was a quote-unquote legitimate
president they probably prevented her
from becoming president it's really
ironic and in kind of hilarious so let's
jump right in first of all FBI agents
Lisa Paige and Peter struck texted
openly about stopping Trump hey not just
we don't like Trump not just we think
Trump's a schmuck actually about
stopping Trump so struck texted page
that he would stop it it being Trump's
election so the actual texts are pretty
incredible the actual texts suggest let
me read it to you page text you struck
quote Trump's not ever going to become
president right right this this is
August 2016 and struck rights back no no
he won't we'll stop it who is we
who is we okay so people on the Left are
hanging their hat on maybe we as all the
Democrats how the Democrats are gonna
rise up and stop it yeah as plausible
that's plausible when my wife says you
know don't tell me no one's gonna pick
up the kids and I say don't worry I'll
stop it I don't mean like I collectively
I don't mean like the nanny I mean like
I will take care of it right we'll stop
it sounds like we in our official
capacity by the way this is what the
Inspector General report found right the
IG report found that the text quote
potentially indicated or created the
appearance that investigative decisions
were impacted by bias or improper
considerations the report added quote it
is not only indicative of a bias state
of mind but even more seriously implies
a willingness to take official action to
impact the presidential candidates
electoral prospects this is antithetical
to the core values of the FBI and the
Department of Justice now you remember
yesterday when we talked about this this
I'd report the main headline coming out
from the mainstream media which we
talked about was that there was no
political bias in the FBI targeting
President Trump or directed exonerating
Hillary Clinton but the reality is
that's not what the report says what the
report basically says is that they can't
find evidence of political bias in the
decision-making itself that the
decisions may have been made the same
way if there were no political bias but
the report also says that strux texts
do demonstrate a fair amount of
political bias at the FBI and as we'll
see that political bias played into a
wide variety of decisions that happened
in the course of the election campaign
the report found that Hillary that the
Hillary investigation was not adversely
impacted by struck or pages decision
making but this report did not cover the
Russia investigation right it did not
cover whether struck and people who
thought like him were involved in the
Russia investigation and to what extent
they decided to pervert the Russia
investigation or accelerate the Russia
investigation because they did not like
president Trump personally okay the
second point from the IG report James
Comey concluded that he would let
Hillary Clinton off in spring 2016
so you recall it was not until July that
James Comey made his big announcement
where he said Hillary Clinton is guilty
but we're not gonna prosecute her you
remember he made that big announcement
it was a big deal because James Comey is
is an idiot okay well Comey did not
announce that decision until July 2016
according to the report he had already
made the decision in spring of 2016
months earlier before Hillary Clinton
was even interviewed that Hillary was
off the hook
he also determined that he should make
an independent announcement in order to
protect quote a sense of justice more
broadly in the country that things are
fair not fixed and they're done
independently so he was afraid the DOJ
would look bad if they made the
announcement exonerating Hillary Clinton
and he thought well what if I just step
up and I take the hit and then the FBI
looks independent from the DOJ the DOJ
doesn't look like it was in control
everybody's happy except that wasn't his
role also worth noting this is an
amazing thing okay so they show what the
original Comey statement looked like and
how it was changed before the final
draft there were major changes made
between commis original draft of the
statement exonerating Hillary Clinton
and commis final draft of the statement
exonerating Hillary Clinton what were
some of those changes well one of the
changes was that the original statement
mentioned that President Obama himself
had been in an email exchange with
Hillary Clinton on her private server
his name was removed and that entire
piece of information was removed
why of course to protect President Obama
so the idea that Comey was not
applicable that political actor that of
course is ridiculous and speaking of
that statement
the original draft statement also said
that Hillary had been grossly negligent
which sounds a lot like law breaking
instead that was changed to extremely
careless the statement was changed from
reasonably likely that Hillary had been
hacked by hostile actors to possible and
finally again the original statement
mentioned that President Obama had been
an email exchange with Hillary and his
name was removed okay fourth
here Comey is an absolute glory hound so
when President Trump said that James
Comey was a glory hound that he was a
publicity hound that was exactly right
that was exactly right James Comey loves
him some James Comey and that is
absolutely clear from this IG report so
Comey
had already concluded before the tarmac
meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill
Clinton that he was likely to make his
own statement on Hillary Clinton he
quote acknowledged that he made a
conscious decision not to tell
department leadership about his plans to
make a separate statement because he was
concerned they would instruct him not to
do in other words he wanted to make a
public statement he was afraid the DOJ
would say no so he just decided not to
ask mommy and daddy and just go do it
himself in violation of all protocol
again the idea here was to protect the
integrity of the FBI right this is
really what James Comey was super
worried about the IDS language here is
pretty damning they say we determined
that commis decision to make this
statement was the result of his belief
that only he had the ability to credibly
and authoritative Lee convey the
rationale for the decision to not seek
charges against Clinton and that he
needed to hold the press conference to
protect the FBI and the department from
the extraordinary harm he believed would
have resulted had he failed to do so
while we found no evidence that commis
statement was the result of bias or an
effort to influence the election we did
not find his justifications for issuing
the statement to be reasonable or
persuasive so it's plausible the Comey
was not attempting to impact the
election when he made that statement or
how he made the statement and that he
was attempting to protect the FBI but
they did water down the law okay the
reality is and this is the fifth point
here they did water down the law Kay the
IG in the inspector general's report
says that based on precedent Hillary
would have had to have demonstrated a
state of mind that was quote so gross as
to almost suggest deliberate intention
number one that is not part of the law
okay there's not part of the law second
of all this was not Hillary Clinton
using a private email account for
business right this was not that this
was Hillary Clinton specifically setting
up a private server at her own home okay
that is a lot more technologically
advanced than me just having a gmail
account she set up a private server at
her own home to store data the only
reason you do that is because you want
to make sure that you can destroy the
data afterward that is legitimately the
only reason that you would do that the
only reason you would do that is that it
is not on the government servers that is
the only reason there is no other reason
that is deliberate intention hey it's
not that you have to have deliberate
intention to give the material to a
foreign source you have to have
deliberate intention to not
free classified material property and
she obviously had that intention but
they changed the law to exonerate her
okay six point this one is just amazing
this is amazing
so the IG report found that the Anthony
Weiner case agent had spotted Hillary's
emails on September 26 2016 and he
informed the New York field office on
September 28th so in other words by late
September the FBI already knew that new
Hillary emails were on Anthony Weiner's
computer so why did it take until
October 28th for them to actually
investigate that information this one is
a stunner
and I'm gonna tell you about that in
just a second first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at software advice
so here's the reality your computer your
company right now probably is not doing
its best work with regard to the
software you have you probably do not
have them best software because you
haven't thought about updating it in a
really long time and it seems like it's
gonna be a pain in the butt and you
don't know anything about software you
have no idea what kind of software your
company actually needs well this is why
you need to go to software advice.com
okay their team of advisers can point
you in the right direction so you can
start working more effectively right
away you have to be up on the latest
technology software advice.com /ban lets
you do that he answer a few short
questions about your business you'll be
connected with an advisor to discuss the
best software options for your needs and
talking to an advisor takes just 10
minutes or less it doesn't matter
whether you're a medical professional or
a construction manager or you work at
the daily wire software advice will save
you time and help you make a more
informed decision if you're an
entrepreneur if you're working solo
again you can't afford to be using
outdated technology it wastes time and
waste effort instead go get the best
software advice with software advice
calm these experts are ready to be your
on-call go-to team to help you figure
out business software in minutes for
free check them out go to software at
vice.com slash bend to get started that
software advice.com
slash been to get started to connect
with an advisor for free today
software advice comm slash Bend then you
can connect for free and check it out
and use the / buttons let them know we
set you again software advice.com
already so why exactly was it that
between September 26th and October 28th
the FBI did nothing about the fact that
Hillary Clinton's emails or on Anthony
Weiner's computer deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe knew about it the same day
that they found out about it in
September he then mentioned it directly
to James Comey and nobody mentioned it
again for nearly a full month just prior
to the election the report says quote we
found that by no later than September
29th FBI executives
the FBI minier team had learned
virtually every fact that was cited by
the FBI in late October as justification
for obtaining the search warrant for the
Weiner laptop Comey hilariously said he
didn't realize that Anthony Weiner was
married to Huma Abedin so the head of
the FBI did not know about one of the
most famous and and under assault
marriages in the history of the United
States Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin
he's the most ignorant person in the
world and he runs the damn FBI okay and
then it gets even better so why is it
that they waited a month it turns out
they waited a month because they had it
turns out varying priorities they
weren't focused on Hillary Clinton's
emails to that point why weren't they
focused on Hillary Clinton's emails at
that point because there were other
things they were focused on well what
were some of those other things
according to the IG report the FBI was
focused on a Comey speech that would
fight back against public perception of
his July 5th announcement and they were
focused on the Russia investigation the
IG report says quote moreover given the
FBI's extensive resources the fact that
struck and several other FBI members of
the mid year team midair was the name of
the investigation into Hillary's emails
the fact that struck and several other
FBI members of the mid year team had
been assigned to the Russia
investigation which was extremely active
