the media asked whether it's time to
repeal the Second Amendment Democrats
say the NRA is responsible for the
Florida school shooting and Republicans
shoot down a bunch of immigration
proposals we'll talk about all of it I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
obviously the tragedy of the Parkland
school shooting is still on everyone's
mind and every time there's a massive
shooting like this whether it's Las
Vegas or whether it is Sandy Hook we now
go into a predictable cycle of outrage
where folks say things that are
ridiculous they impute motives to other
people that are ridiculous and then
those people fire back and it becomes
highly irritating well we're gonna talk
a little bit about some of those
arguments today Jimmy Kimmel of course
jumped into the fray so we'll have to
deconstruct what he says I'll stop
deconstructing Jim Jimmy Kimmel on
politics when he stops talking about
politics on a late-night show we are
also going to be jumping into a column
that was written by Bret Stevens a year
ago but it's now being passed around the
internet again about repealing the
Second Amendment we'll get to all of
that but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at quit so when it
comes to health brushing your teeth is
one of the most important parts of your
day actually they've connected gum
health to heart health believe it or not
and that is why it is imperative that
you brush right right when you have a
manual toothbrush those things just
don't work as well as a nice electric
toothbrush but those electric
toothbrushes take forever to charge and
then it's hard to travel with them
because you have to bring the charger
with you well that's where qyp comes in
is the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amount of
vibrations into a slimmer design and a
fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric brushes and guiding
pulses alert you want to switch sides so
you make sure that you're brushing the
right amounts of time and that makes it
effortless quit balls it comes with a
mount that suctions right to your mirror
on sticks to use as a cover for hygienic
travel anywhere whether it's gonna be in
your gym bag or on your carry-on and
right now best of all they have a
subscription plan that refreshes your
brush on a dentist recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just five bucks including
free shipping worldwide so you never
have to worry about when you're going to
replace the brush has you've been using
yours for seven months it's disgusting
already but you forgot about it you
can't remember when you last put on a
brush head
well now clip ships them to you every
month so these are being replaced on a
regular basis clip is backed by a
network of over 10,000 dental
professionals we's it in the Shapiro
household and it starts at just 25 bucks
so if you go to get quick comm slash
Shapiro right now you get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
free at get quip comm slash up hero
again that's GE t qu IP comm slash
apparel get quip comm slash up hero go
ahead and check that out well worth the
time and money okay so the fallout from
the from the shoot
a couple of days ago continues as well
it should and again it's the circular
argument that has become highly
irritating to everybody involved in
which people on the left scream do
something people on the right say well
what would you have us do and then
people on the Left say well if you're
even asking that question it means you
don't want to do something that seems
like the cycle of logic that is applied
here so Jimmy Kimmel of course is the
leader in in being the sort of emotional
the emotional avatar for the left so he
goes on his show last night and he of
course talks about the shooting and
pushes hard for gun control with his
usual caveats and freak-outs about the
NRA another senseless shooting this time
in a high school in parkland Florida
were a gunman a former student opened
fire yesterday again 17 lives have been
lost more than a dozen people are
hospitalized tell your buddies in
Congress tell Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell and Marco Rubio all the family
men who care so much about their
communities that what we need are laws
real laws that do everything possible to
keep assault rifles out of the hands of
people who are gonna shoot our kids go
on TV and tell them to do that okay go
tell people what to do and what we need
laws and what are these laws gonna be
and you don't leave the Congress works
for us they don't work for the NRA this
is one of the the things that he was
pushing the idea the NRA was responsible
get to that in a minute again all of
this is just designed to make you
believe that Jimmy Kimmel has a plan
Jimmy Kimmel doesn't have a plan people
on the Left don't have a plan and if
they do have a plan it really is to
confiscate guns now the minute that you
say that about people on the Left they
get very upset no no we just want
reasonable gun legislation but then they
can never name what the reasonable dozen
legislation is because if they were to
ban assault rifles the reality is the
vast majority of killings that are done
with guns in the United States are not
with assault rifles assault rifles are
responsible for West murders in the
United States then hands or knives when
when people on the Left say well what if
we would just do better background
checks we have full background checks in
the state of California and that has not
stopped the Isla Vista shooting it did
not stop the San Bernardino shooting
again the problem with these targeted
gun laws is that what people in left
really want if they were honest about
they would say this Piers Morgan when I
was on with him in 2013 he refused to
say it but then he finally came out and
he was honest about what they really
want as a UK style government seizure of
vast amounts of guns that is not going
to happen in the United States they
tried it in Australia they tried a gun
buyback program only 1/3 of all the guns
that were turned in in Australia they
still have a murder rate in Australia
with guns
people are still they'd still gun
buybacks it is illegal to own a gun in
Australia and yet people still owned
guns 2/3 of the people who owned it
before still owned it in the United
States if you were to grandfather in all
of the guns that still are there there
are 300 million guns in the United
States so that would not actually solve
the problem you're talking about because
a lot of the guns that are that are in
hands of people who are going to commit
school shootings in the future are
already in those hands I'd say it
actually have to go around conference
getting guns good luck trying to take
guns away from 42% of the American
public who say 42% of households say
that there's a gun in the house or
there's a gun in my house and the the
the government would have to come to my
house and take it from me I'm not gonna
offer it back in the government buyback
and either as anybody else who owns a
gun those are those programs are wildly
unsuccessful so what the left really is
talking about is full-scale gun
confiscation so along those and you see
that right way at the school vigil
there's that there's a vigil at the
school and this chant broke out no more
guns now I don't know what that's
supposed to mean no more guns are you
gonna take away the ones that people
already have you can take away from from
law-abiding citizens and then CNN the
rest of the media they spend an awful
lot of time bringing on victims of
shootings to talk about what gun policy
should be so CNN featured a grieving
mother I'm never in favor of this by the
way I think that it's always a mistake
to have grieving people talk about
policy because I don't think that your
grief is relevant to the policy
considerations at issue you do not have
the added legitimacy it's a form of
emotional identity politics you do not
have added legitimacy on the topic
because as a blank write as this is what
Steven Pinker it suggests his identity
politics he has a white man as a black
woman as a grieving mother as soon as
you say that a grieving mother has more
moral legitimacy to speak on gun control
than somebody who studied the issue all
their life then you are throwing away
reason in favor of emotion in any case
here's this mother and I obviously have
nothing but sympathy for the mom and
that's why CNN is putting her on the air
you say what can you do
schools what can you do you can do a lot
this is not fair our families our
children go to school I just spent the
last two hours putting the burial
arrangements for my daughter's funeral
miss 14 president Trump
please do something yeah obviously it is
horrifying to watch minutes it's just
terrible to watch this this grieving
mother but when she's screaming at Trump
to do something what the question is
what Trump is supposed to do the
President of the United States doesn't
have unilateral authority to seize guns
in the United States the President of
the United States does not have
unilateral authority but even metal
detectors which which is by the way a
proposal I agree with on school grounds
I think that security should be up at
all schools as I said yesterday having
armed guards at every school is not a I
failed to understand why this is even
remotely controversial but the reason
that's the bigger question is not about
the mom I understand where the mom is
coming from everyone with a heart
understands where the mom is coming from
the question is why is CNN spending
airtime on this and the reason that CNN
is spending airtime on this is because
CNN wants to manipulate viewers into
responding emotionally to an issue that
actually requires thought and and reason
as opposed to an issue that requires
emotional response
you notice that CNN never does this by
the way with victims of terror attacks
and then will never go to victims of
terror attacks after there is an ilanic
terror attack for example and they won't
have the victim of the terror attacks
family go on TV and say we need a travel
ban at CNN we'll never do that because
that doesn't agree with CNN's agenda the
point here is that it's exploitative for
the media to put grieving people on
television simply in order to make a
certain political point it's something I
object to generally it's something I
object to on the specific level and I
think that it's it's something that
really needs to stop and again they were
doing this with students as well see and
then put a student on TV to talk about
why this is somehow on Rick Scott's
Rather's MSNBC doing this well you know
again it's a slew of emotion it's anger
it's fear and confusion it's grief and
I've just been trying to channel those
all together and into some sort of mad
inspiration I'm trying to get the
message out that it is important to
grieve but it's also
to make sure the bad guys feel this
natural and make sure everybody knows
that their votes count on this it's my
stupid lief that the blood of those 17
people is on rich hands okay so some
some how it is it's not rich Scott its
Rick Scott and somehow the blood of the
people who died in parklands on Rick
Scott's hands why is it on Rick Scott's
hands when it when a nutcase
who apparently police were called to the
house 39 times this is the new report
the police had gone to this guy's house
39 times and there was no involuntary
commitment of this person who apparently
when he was a child was even put in a
facility for violent juveniles right
obviously the system failed here but
what that has to do with gun control is
is a little bit beyond me
now folks on the left if they're really
honest they will say what they really
mean what they really mean is they want
to confiscate all the guns and so let's
talk about that in just a second whether
or not all the guns it should be
confiscated but first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at bull and
branch so we're never going to agree on
everything when it comes to politics but
we can all agree on the need for a good
night's sleep so that we can all wake up
refreshed and ready to do battle in the
morning that's what bull and branch is
for you don't need a new expensive
mattress or sleeping pills to get a
great night's sleep but you do need is
bull and branch sheets bowl and branch
sheets are just fantastic they are the
top-notch sheets okay you are paying
wholesale prices for luxury sheets
luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand
dollars in the store Bo and bran treats
are only a couple of hundred bucks that
are made from pure 100% organic cotton
which means every time you wash them
they actually gets softer they actually
get softer we actually discarded a lot
of our sheets after we got our first set
of bull and branch eats and then bought
a few more sets because they are just
that comfortable actually yeah I have a
tough time sleeping in sheets that are
not bowling pinch at this point right
now go to bowl and branch calm and use
promo code betting get $50 off your
first set of sheets at bull and branch
calm promo club and the shipping is free
and you can try them for 30 nights if
you don't love them you can send them
back up for a refund but nobody that I
know has actually sent them back because
they are that good 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets at bull and branch
calm that's bull and branch calm promote
code Ben Bo ll and branch comp Ramona
Ben again 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets and the promo clip Ben also lets
them know that we sent you as well okay
so there are some folks today who are
being a little bit more honest about
what it would take to really get to the
gun for utopia they want and that of
course is repeal of the Second Amendment
so Barry Weiss reporter over a staff
writer over
the New York Times who has ripped
earlier this week we talked about her
she was ripped earlier this week for
being supposedly too conservative for
saying that immigrants get the job done
after she did she tweeted that about the
daughter of immigrants rather than
immigrants themselves and she's ripped
up and down by members of the New York
Times staff
well she tweeted out repeal the Second
Amendment and then she tweeted out a
column that's written by Bret Stevens a
year ago in October of 2017 a few months
ago in October 2017 after the Las Vegas
shooting I believe and that column was
titled repealed the Second Amendment so
let's go through that column because
it's about as good an argument as you
will hear for repealing the Second
Amendment and it is not a very good
argument at that so Bret Stephen starts
off that column by joyriding what he
calls the conservative fetish for the
Second Amendment so why exactly would
conservatives support a private right to
own weapons for the protection of life
and liberty
after all Stephen says quote from a
law-and-order standpoint more guns mean
more murder now this actually is not
true him more guns in certain places
mean more murder more guns in Vermont do
not mean more murder more guns in rural
Texas do not necessarily mean more
murder
Stevens cites a study in the American
Journal of Public Health from 2013 to
show the quote states with higher rates
of gun ownership had disproportionately
large numbers of deaths from firearms
related homicides but there's only one
problem with the study this examines the
statistics on a state level which
doesn't make any sense given that
virtually all murder in the United
States takes place not on the rural not
in rural areas of states but in the big
cities and in those big cities there are
very harsh gun laws in the big cities
that's more nearly all murder in the
United States place in in big cities so
there's very little link actually
between state law and state homicide
rate as eugene pollock of the Washington
Post pointed out beyond that that same
study that he's citing that says that
states with higher rates of gun
ownership had disproportionately large
numbers of deaths from firearms related
homicide there's one problem with the
study the single largest variable when
it comes to murder rate is not actually
gun ownership in these various states
the single largest rate which the study
tries to bury the single largest problem
is that the the highest correlation is
between the number of black people in a
particular state and the number of
homicides this is not a racist point
okay people are not murdering other
people because they are black that's
obviously a stupid notion but if you're
gonna look at what is statistically
relevant and you're gonna look at
factors that are statistically relevant
the number of black per the number of
black people in a state are more
irrelevant than the number of guns in a
state right this is according to the
study quote for each one standard
deviation increase in proportion of
household gun ownership firearm homicide
rate increased by twelve point nine
percent for each one standard deviation
increase in population of black
population in proportion of black
population firearm homicide rate
increased by eighty two point eight
percent the study tried to bury that
data by not showing it in the actual
text of the study so if you love that
study so much then you should recognize
that there are variables that have
significantly more impact than gun
ownership rate and that has to do and we
can talk about why there's a higher
homicide rate in the black community
that there is in the white community a
lot of it has to do with under policing
the black community that has been a
matter of systemic discrimination since
the since the 1800s where white
communities basically said the black
communities fend for yourselves and
that's been inculcated in particular
areas of the culture but that's not the
point the point that I'm making is that
if you are going to suggest a gun
ownership is highly correlative with gun
death then you have to look at other
factors that are highly correlated with
gun death and see that these statistics
are not nearly as significant as you
think they are
Stevens continues by stating quote from
a personal safety standpoint more guns
means less safety he then cites the fact
that more people are killed every year
in accidental firearm death and in
self-defense shooting situations but
that's not a proper statistic either
because the times that people use a gun
in self-defense far exceed the number of
time actually shoot somebody to death in
self-defense the goal of having a gun in
your home is that you can pull it out I
mean I know there's a woman around the
corner and she was at home and there's a
guy who tried to break into her house
she went and got the shotgun from the
back room well rather she screamed the
guy ran away the police came they told
her what you should do next time that
