president Trump makes his big Supreme
Court pick and the left has a complete
and utter meltdown I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
there's certain days when this right
here it just keeps overflowing
overflowing and overflowing and today we
basically had a massive plumbing problem
because the leftist tears that were in
this tumbler just kept flowing upwards
and outwards in fact my feet are now
underwater I mean it's creeping up to my
knees that's how much that's how many
tears are coming out of this left is
tears hierarchal tumbler we'll talk
about all that in just a second first I
want to remind you that our next episode
of the conversation is almost here on
Tuesday July 17th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific all of your questions
will be answered by our own Andrew
Clavin with our hosts Alicia Kraus our
live Q&A will be available on YouTube
and Facebook for everyone to watch only
daily wire subscribers can ask drew
questions in real time to submit those
questions log into daily wire comm head
over to the conversation page to watch
that live stream then you type your
question into the daily wire chat box
and have it read and answered on the air
by the way being a subscriber means you
always get to do that we had a live
episode last night on the Supreme Court
and you got to ask questions during the
breaks actually once again if you
subscribe you get to ask drew live
questions on Tuesday July 17th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and join
the conversation and hear about the
great good very good wonderful awesomest
thing that drew will talk about then so
go check that out also I want to remind
you that there are many times when you
ought to be worried about inflation
higher wages can cost it can create
inflation because they increase the
minimum wage across the country import
prices could skyrocket with the trade
wars raw materials prices could increase
with tariffs rising housing prices I
mean look at the bubble that's happening
in California right now and of course
the government could fix all of its debt
problems by simply printing more money
one of the reasons that you want to make
sure that you have precious metals is
because of all of this stuff protect
your hard-earned investments from the
tidal wave of inflation that could in
fact be headed our way
hedge against that inflation and hedge
against uncertainty and instability with
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against uncertainty my savings plan is
diversified yours should be as well and
the company that I trust with precious
metal purchases is Birch gold group
right now thanks to a little-known IRS
tax law you can move your IRA eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
and silver it's perfect for people who
want to protect hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty and when you look back
historically what you see is that when
everything else becomes worthless bold
is not Birch gold group has thousands of
satisfied customers countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau you all know about for
Birch goals free information kit for
limited time qualified purchases can
earn up to an additional 10 grand
precious metals for free through July
31st to find out if your purchase
qualifies contact Burch gold now go to
birchgold.com slash been talk to a birch
Kohl's rep mention that I sent you
that's birchgold.com slash man do it now
the offer runs until July 31st terms of
limitations apply ask your sales rep for
details okay so yesterday was quite a
day everybody waiting on tenterhooks to
see who exactly president Trump would
pick to replace Justice Anthony Kennedy
on the Supreme Court and Trump did a
great job of holding that secret all the
way up until the last minute was only
about 45 minutes before the event that
those of us in the know know began to
figure out that it was definitely Brett
Kavanaugh does when Judge Amy Coneybear
was discovered back in Indiana so she
wasn't in Washington DC and Catholics
had basically been ruled out and and
then there were rumors that that
Cavanaugh was headed over to the White
House and that basically sealed the deal
the White House pitched this thing like
a reality show because that's what
President Trump does best they actually
put out a little 15 second clip of a
camera moving toward the White House
podium and then scrolling up toward the
microphone before it cut to black and
then it said 9 p.m. Eastern tonight and
then the question was who would get the
robe not the Rose the robe and it turned
out to be Judge of Brett Kavanaugh so
president Trump announced the pick
obviously having a fantastic time doing
it will talk about Kavanagh what he
means for the court in just a second
here was president Trump suggesting that
when he picks a Supreme Court justice he
does not act out asked that justices
opinions on on the law in keeping with
President Reagan's legacy I do not ask
about a nominees personal opinions what
matters is not a judge's political views
but whether they can set aside those
views to do what the law and the
Constitution require and of course
that's exactly true for a lot of people
on the right there are a lot of rulings
where it doesn't go the way you would
want it to go politically but it is the
way that the Constitution protects
things and Trump is exactly right to say
that about cabinets also smart to say
that obviously because people think that
Trump asked Kavanagh he'd overturn roe
v-- wade and Cavanaugh said yes and then
Trump picked him there's also a rumor
going around today put out by I believe
who's ABC News completely unverified
that Brett Kavanaugh was basically
chosen by Anthony Kennedy that Anthony
Kennedy when he decided that he wanted
to step down from the court when to the
Trump administration and said I'm only
going to step down while you're
president so long as you make Brett
Kavanaugh my success
that the mainstream media are pushing
that like crazy today suggesting that
it's it was all a corrupt bargain that
Kennedy was appointing somebody who had
who had continued to promulgate his
legacy even if that were true I'm not
sure I the left would be upset about
that considering that Kennedy was a
left-leaning judge on a lot of the key
issues including same-sex marriage and
abortion if you were appointing his own
successor you would think that the left
would take solace in that fact but in
fact there's no evidence that any of
this ever happened the reporter who
originally repeated the story said she
had no evidence that it happened she had
just heard rumors to that effect doesn't
matter the left ran with it anyway well
then Brett Kavanaugh gets up Brett
Kavanaugh of course from the DC Circuit
Court of Appeals we've discussed his
credentials in the past we've also
discussed some of the shortcomings in
his record we'll talk about what he's
going to do for the Supreme Court in
just a second he did a little speech the
president assured him up to the podium
and then Brett Kavanaugh came forward
and everybody went oh my god that's
pretty Cavanaugh's music and then he
sort of charged for the microphone and
then he proceeded to give a speech about
his background and his past and then his
judicial philosophy here's what he had
to say about his judicial philosophy my
judicial philosophy is straightforward a
judge must be independent and must
interpret the law not make the law a
judge must interpret statutes as written
and a judge must interpret the
Constitution as written informed by
history and tradition and precedent okay
the reason that he adds precedent right
there is because precedent is a fudge
word if you just said a judge must
interpret the Constitution as written
informed by history and tradition we'd
all say great that's Thomas's standard
that Scalia standard by adding the word
precedent he allows himself a little bit
of wiggle room so when people on the
Left say well you do overrule roe v wade
wouldn't you he'd say well listen
precedence is still precedent precedent
is a legal fudge horde and Kavanagh is
is fond of using it you know III think
that Kavanagh is in short a stand-up
double for the president I'm not sure
that he's a homerun for the president I
think there are a lot of good things
about Kavanagh I think that Trump could
have gone for broke he decided not to
but what Cavanaugh had to say in his in
his speech last night was exactly right
he talks about how he taught at Harvard
Law School who's actually appointed well
Lena Kagan was Dean there she of course
is on the Supreme Court now he's 53
years old he says that he teaches about
the Constitution separation of powers I
each that the Constitution's separation
of powers protects individual liberty
and I remain grateful to the Dean who
hired me justice Elena Kagan hey so he's
dropping Elena Kagan's name right there
because he's trying to win over some
some wavering Democrats also when he
says that he teaches that the separation
of powers protects individual liberty
that is him slapping at the so called
Chevron defense so as I've explained on
the program before there's a very famous
Supreme Court case called Chevron in
which the Supreme Court essentially
declared that administrative agencies
ought to be given almost complete
deference when it comes to the decisions
that they make about individuals so the
EPA decides that your toilet is now a
protected federal waterway and they
decide to find you based on that and you
sue the EPA and the EPA has an
Administrative Procedure you have to go
through the Administrative Procedure and
then it comes out against you so you
decide to go to the judiciary branch
right the EPA is in the executive branch
you decide instead to sue in federal
court Chevron deference would suggest
that the EPA could make the final
decision on all of that the the more
conservative judges like like Kavanagh
people who believe in separation of
powers believe that Chevron deference is
a mistake and that you can't give
executive agencies the power to rule on
the rules that they make themselves this
is exactly right and finally Kavanagh
says that he believes in an independent
judiciary I believe that an independent
judiciary is the crown jewel of our
constitutional republic if confirmed by
the Senate I will keep an open mind in
every case and I will always strive to
preserve the Constitution of the United
States and the American rule of law okay
so all of this sounds good and he's
saying all the right things to get
through a confirmation hearing what does
his record actually say so there are a
couple of areas where he's really good
one is on administrative law and one is
on guns he's excellent on guns so
there's an article over a recent
magazine by Jacob Selim who follows this
stuff and he points out that in a 2011
decision in which a three-judge panel
upheld the District of Columbia's ban on
so-called assault weapons and its
requirement that all guns be registered
Cavanaugh dissented and he said instead
that an analysis based on text history
and tradition is consistent with the
Supreme Court's Second Amendment
precedents he suggested that assault
weapons bans should actually be
forbidden by the Constitution of the
United States this of course has left up
in arms no pun intended
he says that when when the assault
weapons ban was formulated it included a
bunch of different features of the of
the guns that ought to be been he says
the list appears to be haphazard to ban
certain semi-automatic rifles but not
others there's no particular explanation
or rationale for why some made the list
and some did not
and then he concluded that the assault
weapons ban in DC was inconsistent with
DC versus Heller he said in Heller the
Supreme Court held that handguns the
vast majority of which today are
semi-automatic are constitutionally
protected because they've not
traditionally been banned or in common
use by law-abiding citizens there's no
meaningful or a persuasive
constitutional distinction between
semi-automatic handguns and
semi-automatic rifles so he's good on
that he also has ruled in favor of
people being able to spend money in
elections and corporations being able to
spend money in elections in Citizens
United versus Federal Election
Commission's he wrote an opinion
rejecting FEC rules that made it harder
for advocacy groups to raise money said
because donations to these hard money
accounts are capped at five grand
annually for individual contributors the
FEC allocation regulations substantially
restrict the ability of nonprofits to
spend money for election related
activities and he says that can't be
reconciled with the First Amendment now
where he's a little weaker is on fourth
amendment right so if you are a civil
libertarian and you're deeply concerned
with the government violating search and
seizure and reasonable
search-and-seizure Cavanagh is not a
justice you're gonna like very much in
2010 he dissented from the DC Circuit's
decision not to rehear a case in which a
three-judge panel had ruled that police
violated a suspected drug dealers Fourth
Amendment rights when they tracked his
movements for a month by attaching a GPS
device to his car without a warrant
he said the tracking did not constitute
a search because of the quality and
quantity of information so putting a
tracker on somebody's car doesn't
require a warrants according to Brett
Kavanaugh that rationale is is
interesting at the very least but it
shows that he is more of a law-and-order
sort of William Rehnquist a type judge
Rehnquist of course was Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court all the way up to the
point at which Justice Roberts became
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court if
I'm not getting that wrong in any case I
think Cavanaugh has been very Pro police
he is he is not a big fan of Terry
versus Ohio he's not a big fan of a lot
of these sort of civil libertarian
decisions that some on the right are
fond of he also is very anti Chevron
deference as I mentioned he does not
believe that the administrative agencies
ought to have complete power
everything that you do he says chevron
has been criticized for many reasons
there's a 2016 book review to begin with
it has no basis in the Administrative
Procedure Act Chevron itself is an a
textual invention by the courts in many
ways Chevron is nothing more than a
judicially orchestrated shift of power
from Congress to the executive branch
moreover the question of when to apply
Chevron has become its own separate
difficulty so Kavanagh is very anti
Chevron deference so on guns and on
administrative state stuff Kavanagh is
really really good he's a little bit
weaker when it comes to religious
freedom stuff maybe although that's not
completely clear in praise for life for
example he said that the government had
a compelling government interest in
providing contraceptive care to people
he said that even that compelling
government interest could not overcome
the religious presumption on behalf of
priests groups on behalf of religious
groups that wanted to have health care
done in coordination with their with
their First Amendment rights but he said
that the government did in fact have a
compelling government interest when it
comes to contraception and of course in
seven sky he was the the creator of the
rationale that suggested that Obamacare
was a tax and not a fine now in just a
second I want to talk about what
Kavanagh is impact on the actual court
is going to be because I don't think
that he's going to be the kind of break
it all down shatter every window destroy
wholesale the left view of the law guy
that some of them left fear and some on
the right hope but first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over illegal Zim
so if you need legal help if you're
listening to all this legal talk and
you're thinking boy you know it would be
great if I'd actually organize my
business properly well that's why you
should have worked with Legal Zoom and
you still can Legal Zoom was created
seventeen years ago and their mission
was to help all Americans confidently
and competently navigate the legal
system since then over a million people
have trusted Legal Zoom for business
formation but your relationship illegal
zoom does not end there together they've
put together a network of independent
attorneys licensed in every state
available to answer your questions
provide legal advice for your business
without billing by the hour since Legal
Zoom is not in fact a law firm which is
awesome as a business owner you have
enough stuff to worry about without
worrying about the legal stuff itself
and you need Legal Zoom to make sure
that you don't have to do any of that
anymore go to Legal Zoom calm right now
use promo code been at checkout for
special savings against Legal Zoom they
make sure that you got from soup to nuts
everything you need legally they'll do
everything from wills and trusts to
helping you organize your business and
they even have a network of lawyers they
are able to answer your questions
without you
to pay that ridiculous hourly rate go
check it out right now it's
legalzoom.com
and use promo code been at checkout for
special savings that's legalzoom.com
promo code then at checkout okay so what
does all of this mean for the court so I
said at the very outset I think the
Kavanagh is a double I do not think he's
a homerun on the political side he's a
double because the left is gonna go nuts
no matter whom and Trump appoints
doesn't matter who Trump appoints Trump
could appoint a chicken and the left
would go completely insane Trump could
inform appointed Merrick garland and
what would have said there's some
nefarious reason he's an appointing
Barack Obama spec he really it must be
the Merrick garland has secretly been
body-snatched and replaced with an evil
right winger that's how much the left
hates Trump the reality of the situation
however suggests that Cavanaugh is not
going to be this this wild right-wing
figure that everybody thinks he's going
to be and that's why if President Trump
was gonna get the flack anyway he may as
well have gone for Amy Coneybear
I think he should have gone for Mike Lee
Amy Cohn you buried someone you know is
going to vote a hundred percent of the
time in the most robust fashion on
constitutional issues I use the word
robust advisedly they're the reason I'm
using the word robust is because I think
Cavanaugh will vote the right way on a
lot of these cases but I think the
opinions of what she will be part the
opinions that he will help write the
opinions that he'll write himself I
think those are going to be very
narrowly tailored opinions and that
makes a difference
for the creation of precedent that makes
a difference for the creation of the law
now if you're gonna get in the fight you
may as well go for broke and by the way
it would've been great to see Democrats
attacking a 46 year old mother of seven
with two adopted children including one
