roseann is back with vengeance
journalism collapses on all sides and
senator ted cruz stops by so we got a
big show for you i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
I do have many many many thoughts on the
Roseanne premier it had huge ratings who
will get into all of that I do think
it's an important cultural moment but
not quite in the way that I think a lot
of Republicans want it to be a huge
cultural moment first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at
trippin comm so when you plan a vacation
finding a place to stay that will make
everybody happy is usually really
difficult particularly for the right
price and if you have a family this is
certainly true right if you have small
kids and you're staying in a one-bedroom
a hotel room it is just as a stress
which is why you need trippin calm
because tripping calm lets you compare
every home from the world's top vacation
rental sites in one place to find the
best deal on your perfect vacation
rental my wife and I only use vacation
rentals now we need a kitchenette so
there are kitchens that we can actually
cook and we need a couple of bedrooms
that we can sleep because otherwise our
kids will keep us up the entire night
and scream at us so this is what ripping
calm is for vacation rentals are better
we're talking more privacy more space
for everyone under one roof you really
haven't experienced a great vacation
until you've done one outside of a hotel
room and instead go onto tripping calm
and got into vacation rental a home away
from home again
washer/dryer if you're a parent you're
young parents or you just you don't want
to pack that heavily you don't want to
bring a week's worth of clothes just
want to bring two days wear the clothes
you need the washer/dryer well tripping
back on make sure that you have all of
these meta matisse best of all a trip at
tripping Calm
you can join the millions of travelers
to find more savings with rates up to
80% less than traditional hotel rooms so
if you're planning Spring Break on the
beach in Florida it's stripping calm it
doesn't matter if we going to Lake Tahoe
they trippin calm is everywhere and this
year's save time and money when you book
the vacation home of your dreams trippin
comm slash appear oh that's TR IPP ing
comm slash up hero trippin comm slash
appear use that slash up heroes they
know that we sent you and find your
perfect vacation rental okay so the big
news of the night was cultural news
so Roseanne Barr is back she'd been
absent from the public scene for about
20 years Roseanne actually went off the
air the show Roseanne went off the air
in 1997 so it's been 21 years since
Roseanne Barr was on the air with a
regular sitcom she did some reality TV
stuff but she wasn't world-famous
anymore and now she's back in she is
back with a vengeance because the
ratings on her show were just
unbelievable
looking at the ratings right now on
Roseanne's show the revival of Roseanne
premiered to a massive ratings we're
talking from Entertainment Weekly an
impressive five point one rating which
is
almost unheard of it is the highest
rated comedy telecast on any network in
nearly four years since the premiere
episode of The Big Bang Theory from 2014
18 point 2 million viewers among adults
18 to 49 which means it was even more
for older episodes obviously so this was
bigger than this is us during any of its
regularly scheduled episodes in the
adult demo it Trump's Sundays 60 minutes
episode with stormy Daniels it's amazing
right it's yeah it actually was higher
among total viewers then it's 1997
finale 21 years ago and the audience
grew slightly from the first quarter to
its second which is a pretty good sign
this was Tuesday's highest-rated
entertainment telecast in six years
among young adults and ABC's best
results in the timeslot since 2006 okay
that is a massive massive hit for ABC if
those ratings hold up for Roseanne know
what's fascinating about this is a lot
of people on the right are very excited
about this this is the cultural moment
right because Roseanne Barr is a Trump
supporter and Roseanne's character in
the show is a Trump supporter she talks
about how she voted for Trump in the
very first episode but a note of caution
Roseanne is not a conservative show it's
not even close to a conservative show in
fact I think it's pretty clever and
nefarious in how non conservative it is
and it's worth going back to the history
of Roseanne and talking a little bit
about this I happen to be an expert on
this because I wrote an entire 400 page
book about television called primetime
propaganda in which I talked with the
producers of the original Roseanne
including Marcy Carsey who is the woman
behind it originally and the way you can
tell that this this show has some pretty
skewed politics even though it has a
trump supporter who's not being
portrayed as a complete and income pop
the reason you can tell if the politics
of the show are skewed is because the
New York Times is treating it well
voxcom treating it well right all of the
leftist publications are saying Roseanne
is great why because the actual theme of
the show is that the only reason you
would vote for Trump is for non cultural
reasons right the show is one big lie
about Trump this shows one big lie about
conservatives they lie that the show
tells is that the reason people voted
for Trump is because they were
dissatisfied with the economy and
because they were looking to give Donald
Trump a chance to fix it and it wasn't
about cultural issues that's not true
okay in 2016 Donald Trump did not win
because there was a bunch of
dispossessed of white people who decided
they need a better way of doing
economics and so they turn to Trump
that's not what
what happened is that culture war was at
the front of everyone's mind 2016 was a
cultural war everyone knew it as a
culture were over race and over feminism
and the left knows this too and what
they're trying to suggest is that the
only conciliation that can take place in
the country can take place on economic
issues now this is how Hollywood views
politics it's very important to know
this show is produced in Hollywood right
okay this is supposed to be a show about
the Midwest and a downtrodden family in
Ohio or somesuch but the reality is that
the politics of this are pure Hollywood
in Hollywood you are allowed to be
libertarian you are not allowed to be
socially conservative in Hollywood if
you say listen I have a Republican
because I want lower taxes people sort
of nod they go okay
fair enough or if you say listen Hillary
was a bad candidate I just wanted to
give Trump a shot because I thought
maybe he could do something on the
economy
everybody says all right kind of get it
that's okay I can handle it there are a
couple things you are not allowed to say
in Hollywood those things that you are
not allowed to say our boy is a boy and
a girl is a girl you're not allowed to
say this in Hollywood you will lose your
job if you say that transgenderism is a
mental disorder you'll lose your job in
Hollywood you're not allowed to say that
for example same-sex marriage is not
traditional marriage and they're not the
same thing and they're not of equal
moral value if you say that in Hollywood
you will absolutely lose your job you'll
never work again in in Hollywood in this
industry if you say things like abortion
is wrong and abortion is a sin and
abortion is murder if you say that sort
of stuff in Hollywood you will not work
again I remember I interviewed Patti
Heaton who's very pro-life and I asked
her Patti do you think that you've lost
jobs because of your conservatism and I
remember she first said to me no I don't
think so and then she called me back 24
hours later so I called around I found
out I lost six specific jobs because of
my my pro-life positions so the way
Hollywood works this is sure we can be
conciliatory sure we can reach across
the aisle sure we can have American
unity again but only if you accept our
social agenda and that's what Rosanna
was really about and this is why the New
York Times is propping up Rosie on the
show okay again the show was funny okay
you can you can watch well-written just
like a lot of shows on TV it's
well-written and I think that folks in
the middle of the country who are
finally feeling like wow now I'm finally
getting my respect because there's a pro
Trump character who's not perceived as a
complete jerk is on TV fair enough but
if you think that this show is not a
left show you're wrong it is a left show
okay so here's what the New York Times
had to say about this when we last saw a
rose n Connor
1997 the character was sitting alone on
that old living room couch after
revealing that her husband Dan had died
of a heart attack
and that online seasons of Roseanne had
been a grief induced fantasy about her
family or something like that
now Rosanna's back the fantasy is out
and Trump is in the show's emmy-winning
star Roseanne Barr returns Tuesday night
to ABC with a 9 episode revival season
Dan is back to once again played by John
Goodman as his daughter Darlene Sara
Gilbert who's also an executive producer
and much of the original cast and here's
what the New York Times gets it okay
here's what the New York Times has to
say about the original Roseanne quote
Roseanne was a bonafide trailblazer the
first time around with its focused on
blue-collar Americans its diversity of
LGBT characters and its star a woman who
did not look or sound like a typical
television female lead the new Roseanne
is topical in its own ways starting with
Roseanne Connors full-throated support
for president Trump miss bars a trump
backer as well to the dismay of many
fans she argued on Jimmy Kimmel recently
that supporting mr. Trump was critical
to keeping my prince from the presidency
so resin bar is not a typical Trump
supporter okay the vast majority of
people who voted for Trump many of them
are more fond of pence than they are of
Trump in terms of his policies even if
they like Trump's pugnacious persona so
it is worth noting that the real reason
that the media are supporting this is
because the original character of
Roseanne Barr was not a conservative
character I know this because I talked
to the people who created it so Marcy
Carsey is the person who helped create
the show here is what she told me back
when I wrote primetime propaganda in
2011 quote you know I'm of a liberal
bent so obviously that's gonna come out
of the shows I was involved with I was
raised in a moderate Republican
Eisenhower Republican family I'm very
much a Democrat but I understand people
that have that kind of bent she says
when we did Roseanne the intent was to
show about them to do a show about the
millions the 85% of households out there
where the woman had to work not an upper
class or upper middle class choice to
work but where the woman has to work the
woman should be under educated should be
not wealthy should be natively smart a
working-class heroine to represent the
difficult lives that so many millions of
people were leading so NBC rejected the
initial concept they said that Roseanne
was a fat woman nobody's gonna watch
theirs according to Marcy Carsey
and so they brought it over to ABC
Brandon Stoddard at ABC was the guy who
who helps push it he said I'll never
forget this as long as I lived I showed
the pilot to the affiliates there were a
thousand and the wives and I'm scared to
death I mean it was really really risky
it was against the grain I also needed
to hit really bad and I thought this
could be it I was standing in the back
of the room where there were a thousand
people and the women are invited to
watch it and the thing is playing
they're laughing laughing laughing and
she makes a speech somewhere about I'm
I'm supposed to be a lover I'm supposed
to be a friend I'm supposed to be taking
care of the teacher I'm handing out the
food tonight she does the confuse to my
role which Roseanne's had brilliantly
and there was audible reaction by the
women in the audience audible they were
like yeah and I went we've got a hit man
they completely got it because we were
real here's the point
the Roseanne's character it could have
been a Bernie Sanders supporter just as
easily as a trump supporter in this show
because this is a class-based show it is
not a moral based show it is not a
traditionally moral based shows not a
traditional morality show the idea here
is that Roseanne is blue-collar and her
family is blue-collar and she doesn't
like elites that's the appeal of the
show so it's a very populist show in the
sort of classical populist sense and
there's no reason why she wouldn't have
voted for Bernie Sanders in the last
election cycle in the primaries as
opposed to Trump per se which is a
dramatic miss Reid on who the Trump
voters are which again I'm going to
explain in just a second Roseanne's
original show as the New York Times says
it was very Pro LGBT right it did it in
vibes all of the values of the of
Hollywood he was basically an Archie
Bunker character who happened to be on
the left right a grumpy quote-unquote
blue-collar conservative who wasn't
actually very conservative at all right
in one episode of the original series
Roseanne told her daughters Arlene to
use birth control even the daughter
wasn't even though the daughter wasn't
yet having sex there's another episode
in which Charlene admitted to using pot
speed and acid there was an episode in
which Roseanne Sun achieves a certain
physical status for his genitals and she
says what about pitching the trouser
tent booting up the hard drive charming
the anaconda I mean this was a very very
vulgar show and the show was designed to
be vulgar
it was vulgar for liberalism sake the
most famous episode was one called Don't
Ask Don't Tell in which Roseanne visits
a lesbian bar with her friend Nancy and
this kiss financed his girlfriend and
Frank Rich in the New York Times of
course praised it so remember this thing
was a critical hit because the idea was
that people in the middle America
actually have the same values as people
in Hollywood they just have different
economic priorities that is the lie that
Roseanne tells John Goodman's character
is constantly portrayed in the original
series and in this series as well the
first couple of episodes as basically a
an idiot right he's a dolt
who's kind hearted Roseanne's really the
boss of the place and you know they used
to show his butt crack all the time I
national TV just to demonstrate how dumb
John Goodman actually was he was kind of
the belly he's sort of the proto Homer
Simpson
I read around the time Homer Simpson was
coming around who's all about class
warfare
it was posed as a sort of political show
but it's a it's a politics of the left
it's a politics left and I'm gonna
explain how that plays into the couple
of episodes of Roseanne that premiered
last night because it really is quite
fascinating and again demonstrates if
this show is a cultural reach out to
conservatives but undercuts virtually
every conservative belief about social
morality in in almost every sense okay
so first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at thrive market so to
look at me you would say look at that
man that man has the body of a Greek god
well you know how that happened that
happens because I eat healthy
hey I eat healthy and one of the ways I
eat healthy is by shopping over at
thrive market it's a revolutionary
online marketplace on a mission to make
healthy living easy and affordable for
everyone you can shop for thousands of
the best selling non-gmo foods and
natural products always at twenty five
to fifty percent below traditional
retail prices you can check out the
thrive brand market price of a market
brand products because they are the
highest quality ingredients and even
more affordable prices than the current
premium products carry down site now you
asked me Ben what can you eat there well
the answer is that they have kosher food
there because you can filter the
catalogue by your value by your values
and dietary preference so you can filter
it by paleo gluten-free vegan kosher
ketogenic you can shop for 90 plus
values also including non-gmo
sustainably farmed Fairtrade certified
bpa free and more and more in just one
click of a button no more reading labels
because thrive market does all of the
homework for you which is just fantastic
more than 70% of the thrive market
catalog by the way cannot be found on
Amazon so go check it out you don't want
to hang out in the parking lot with all
those people driving Priuses and and
shouting about how they love Jill Stein
over at the Whole Foods you don't want
to overpay at Whole Foods
instead go over to thrive market here's
how it works okay users get 20 $20 off
their first three orders at 49 bucks or
more plus free shipping pretty solid
deal most shoppers spend more than 49
bucks on the site anyway do the math you
spend 49 bucks and thrive automatically
gives you back $20 so your total
purchase price becomes 30 bucks and you
get that deal three times in a row when
you go to thrive market calm slash up
here oh that's thrive market calm slash
appear you get your instant 60 bucks of
free groceries thrive market calm slash
Shapiro three orders and 49 bucks or
more you get 20 bucks off each time it's
just fantastic you're gonna be eating
healthier your family's gonna be eating
healthier and you get to skip that line
at Whole Foods we're sitting next to the
lady who's jabbering on about how much
she enjoys
environmental music so check it out
thrive market calm @ / Pierrot the
healthy food without all the hassle
thrive market calm / Shapiro ok so back
to Roseanne and this cultural moment
because a lot of people are saying this
is the big cultural moment in the United
States so here is that what the first
two episodes are about first episode is
about Roseanne arguing with her sister
about Trump versus Hillary and it turns
out that her sister voted for Jill Stein
that's the big punchline is that the
sister was in fact convinced by Roseanne
that Hillary was so bad that she had to
vote for Jill Stein and she feels like
she threw her vote away and it turns out
that can they get along when Roseanne
and her sister sure they can get along
because they're not arguing over deep
issues they're just arguing over you
know things like economics the real
reason that Roseanne voted for Trump is
because the economy was bad because she
felt like maybe give Trump a chance and
the real reason that this this sister
voted instead for Jill Stein is be aware
where Hillary Clinton is because she
cares so much about health care right
there not really any deep differences
between us you understand the deep
differences on cultural issues and
morality and values those don't exist
there are only issues between us is how
Hollywood thinks the only issue is
between us our interpretations of
