well hello there and welcome we have
many things to discuss today among them
Facebook under fire Democrats attacking
a children's book for no reason at all
and will technology kill us all I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
okay so I'm gonna do this I never do
this but I'm gonna take just one moment
event because let me tell you the last
24 hours
they've been garbaggio now listen I'm
perfectly well happy to be here in
Pennsylvania I'm speaking at Susquehanna
University tonight they're supposed to
be protesters people are very upset that
I'm coming yada yada that's how it
always goes the last night I had to fly
into Atlanta I know first world problems
but I get in there there in the middle
of a tornado warning and then I have to
stop at a hotel that let's just say was
not five-star it's the kind of hotel
where you wake up at two o'clock in the
morning and you really haven't gone to
sleep and you're just feeling like
garbage and you need some water because
there's no water in the room because the
last time anybody cleaned the room was
three years ago and so you saunter on
over to that that special vending
machine just down the hall you know
right past those three doors that people
have been slamming the entire night and
you know that the guy next door has been
listening to a gym keep watching a Jim
Carrey movie because you can hear
through the paper-thin walls anyway you
saunter on over to that vending machine
and you say you know what I'll get
myself some water and really chill out
and then you get to the vending machine
and you realize the only options are
coca-cola sprite and mello Yello and you
think to yourself did I somehow stumble
into a portal and then of course we have
the technological problems of today
shows but don't worry we have so many
things to get to actual real news not
just me being in mode but about the
situation let's just say that the high
life is not always what it's cracked up
to be but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at policy genius so
if you are like me and you are afraid of
death at this point in your life then
you might want to be looking over at our
friends at policy genius because policy
genius has made comparing and buying
life insurance easy for in 10 Americans
do not have life insurance that's
because they are not thinking ahead you
should have life insurance your families
should be insured in case something bad
happens to you they shouldn't be relying
on whatever meager pension you have
earned up to this point you should have
life insurance that's where policy
genius comes in they've taken over the
entire shopping process and brought it
online in just five minutes you can
compare quotes from over 15 life
insurance providers when you compare
quotes you saved money it is that simple
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance and placed
over 20 billion dollars in coverage they
don't just insure life they insure
everything in it you can compare health
insurance disability insurance pet
insurance renter's insurance and if
you've been putting it off right now now
is the time for you to go and get policy
genius.com life insurance again
pause it go over do it you don't have to
worry about it ever again go to policy
genius.com get quotes applying minutes
it is that easy that rates are the
lowest they've been in 20 years policy
genius calm the easy way to compare it
and buy life insurance again that's
policy genius.com alright so the folks
on the ropes over the past 24 hours
have not just been world travelers you
know crossing the country it's also been
the folks over at Facebook so right now
the Federal Trade Commission is
investigating whether the use of
personal data from 50 million Facebook
users by Cambridge analytic Avaya lated
a consent decree that the tech company
signed with the agency in 2011 according
Bloomberg so if you recall all the way
back to yesterday's show there was a
report in the UK Guardian suggesting
that the folks at Cambridge analytical
which was the data analysis firm the
data gathering firm for the Trump
campaign that they hadn't listened
together 50 million Facebook users now
there's nothing illegal about what they
did apparently what they did is they
gathered a bunch of data from Facebook
users who had taken a personality quiz
and then they'd use those personality
quizzes they obtained that data they did
cross-reference that personality quiz
data with supposed politics and this was
a work of heart-rending genius right
this is what won Trump the election it
didn't when Trump the election by the
way Trump won the election because
Hillary was an unbelievably crappy
handed it and Trump campaigned in the
right places okay it wasn't because
there are a bunch of people who came for
general etiquette hacking your Facebook
data or anything like this this is just
nonsense if you've played farmville on
Facebook they're gathering your
information if you shop online they're
gathering your information ever wonder
how it is that the ads on your Google
are tailored to you right you just
bought something from Amazon and voila
there's another ad from Amazon that's
because everybody online is always
gathering information about you to make
sure that they can sell you things
that's how online works hey there's
nothing terrible that happened so far as
I can see yet maybe there will be new
evidence of something quite terrible but
the left is going crazy because again
they're trying to set up a particular
narrative here so a spokesman for the
FTC is saying quote we are aware of the
issues that have been raised but cannot
comment on whether we are investigating
we take any allegations of violations of
our consent decrees very seriously as we
did in 2012 in a privacy case involving
Google Facebook said Tuesday it receives
a letter from the FTC with questions but
had not been informed of a formal probe
if these were all found to be violations
if it turns out that Facebook had been
willfully violating its own consent
decree it would cost them $40,000 per
violation if you were talking about tens
of millions of violations then you're
talking about presumably billions
billions of dollars in violations you
basically bankrupt the company if this
ended up being a serious issue but it
really isn't okay these weekend reports
allege that Facebook users allegedly
willingly provided their data to a
psychology quiz app and then the people
who made that quiz that passed the data
along to Cambridge analytical without
the users knowledge constituting a
potential violation okay whatever that
is not a big deal I'm sorry I'm not
gonna pretend that I think that it's a
huge deal if firms that are gathering
data on you market that data at other
firms if this is how online works again
people who are ignorant about how online
works the reason that you are you are
seeing all those ads is because people
put cookies on your browser this is this
is all ridiculous
hey shares of Facebook fell five percent
Tuesday after skating as much as eight
percent on Monday and now apparently
Mark Zuckerberg having a meeting but
he's not going so Facebook's Bureau
they're their staff is having a meeting
the chief executive of Facebook
according to the Guardian Mark
Zuckerberg has remained silent over the
more than 48 hours since The Observer
revealed the harvesting of 50 million
users personal data even as this company
is buffeted by mounting calls for
investigation and regulation following
stock prices in a social media campaigns
who delete facebook Facebook shares slid
7 percent on Monday following the news
knocking 36 billion dollars off the
company's valuation as investors worried
about the consequences of the
revelations according to the UK Guardian
Zuckerberg owns 16 percent of the
company and he personally saw his
fortune fall 5.5 billion to 69 billion
oh poor baby can the embattled social
media company announced on Monday it
would engage in a digital forensics firm
to kondeh to conduct an audit of
Cambridge analytical to determine
whether the firm or not still has copies
of the data in question hey does this
sound like anything awful happen well
let you let you be the judge okay here's
the deal
okay for years all we heard after 2012
is that one of the reasons that MIT
Romney lost is because the data
operation for the GOP sucked I was there
I remember this was the talking point
the talking point is that MIT Romney did
not have the necessary data operation in
order to ensure that everything was
going to go okay okay and then in Barack
Obama's data team by the way was praised
as these wonderful world breaking
geniuses in fact flashback to 2012
Maxine Waters that another world
breaking genius she was talking back in
2012 about how Barack Obama had done it
and she said he gather data on everyone
via Facebook Wow
put in place an organization
that contains the kind of database that
no one has ever seen before in life
that's going to be very very powerful
and whoever the organizing for America
that he's now shifting to become a 501 C
4 yeah that's right that's right and
that database will have information
about everything on every individual in
ways that it's never been done before
and whoever runs for president on the
Democratic ticket have to deal with that
and yet no one found that creepy how
magical it's amazing it's like when
Democrats were engaging in micro
targeting and giant swaths of gated data
gathering everybody just looked the
other way
Wow I can't believe it in fact one of
the publications that looked the other
way not only look the other way but
praised the Obama campaign was you guess
it the UK Guardian in 2012 they reported
that President Obama's re-election team
was quote building a vast digital data
operation that for the first time
combines a unified database on millions
of Americans but the power of Facebook
to target individual voters to a degree
never achieved before whoa I mean that
sounds exactly like what Trump's team
was doing oh my goodness that must have
been nefarious then but no it was about
about the Guardian talking about the
world breaking genius of the Obama team
again building a vast digital data
operation that for the first time
combines a unified database on millions
of Americans with the power of Facebook
to target individual voters to degree
never before achieved
according to the Guardian Obama's new
database would be gathered by individual
volunteers who to log on to Obama's
re-election site using their Facebook
credentials consciously or otherwise
okay again the entire claim here is that
the Trump campaign gathered data on
people who weren't consciously aware
that their NATO is being gathered here's
the Guardian in 2012 quote consciously
or otherwise the individual volunteer
will be injecting all the information
they start publicly on their Facebook
page home locations date of birth
interests and crucially network of
friends directly into the central Obama
database Facebook had no problem with
any of this but they do now there's a
reason for this again the former Obama
director of integration and media
analytics said during the 2012 campaign
Facebook allowed the Obama team to quote
suck out the whole social graph Facebook
quote was surprised we were able to suck
out the whole social graph but they
didn't stop us once they realized that
what what we were that was what we were
doing and then this is this woman added
quote they came to the office in the
days following the election recruiting
and were very candid in
they allowed us to do things they
wouldn't have allowed someone else to do
because they were on our side not so
with Trump of course as soon as Facebook
realized the Cambridge analytic I had
pursued a similar strategy they
suspended the firm none of this is
surprising because it's all part of a
larger and greater agenda that larger
and larger and greater agenda as I
suggested yesterday is that Democrats
think that Trump should not have won in
order to prevent future Trump from
winning they're going to prevent
conservatives from getting out their
message they're going to prevent data
mining by Republicans but they will
allow it for Democrats they're going to
prevent conservative websites like The
Daily wire from distributing our
material they'll build algorithms to
prevent that distribution
they'll similar that they will at the
same time benefit a bunch of left-wing
organizations that are doing exactly the
same kind of journalism that we are just
on the other side Democrats have been
using the Trump election as a way to
browbeat social media companies that
were supposed to be open sources into
censoring conservatives that's what this
is all about that's the agenda here the
agenda here has been clear for months
the agenda here is the Democrats who
have been claiming with no evidence
whatsoever that it was social media
manipulation that won Trump the election
and therefore Facebook YouTube Google
Twitter these all have to be regulated
he's off to be brought to heel this is
specifically designed to cause the heads
of those firms who by the way are all
horrified that Trump won write
Zuckerberg is horrified and Jack Dorsey
at Twitter is horrified the heads of
Google Eric Schultz he was part of the
Obama team all the people at Google were
horrified right nobody at any of these
companies wanted Trump to win and they
don't want any part of being blamed for
Trump winning so they're using this as
an impetus to basically censor
conservatives this is the next step so a
year and a half ago there was a lot of
talk about Facebook algorithms
preventing conservative topics from
trending and Zuckerberg met with a bunch
of conservatives including my friend
Glenn Beck and he believed Tucker
Carlson a bunch of people and to talk
about shifting his algorithm and
according to Wired that was all an
attempt to sort of buy off the press
prevent conservatives from whining about
it too much well now they don't care
whether conservatives whine about it
they've just decided they're gonna cater
to Democrats by essentially shutting
down all these mechanisms for
conservatives Senate Democrats have
trotted out a bunch of pathetic Russian
created memes on Facebook viewed by a
handful of human beings right and as an
excuse for Hillary Clinton's loss
they've suggested that this is why
Hillary Clinton lost those things we
showed them on the show they're pathetic
never seen by five people they spent the
Russians in the entire election cycle on
Facebook so don't spend something like
$100,000 on Facebook you know
honest-to-goodness small companies spend
tens of thousands of dollars a month
marketing on Facebook that was a giant
nothing burger but the Democrats are
claiming it to something burger because
of course they want to use that as an
excuse to Club all of these social media
companies into submission they also
claimed without evidence that fake news
had swamp Facebook we've heard nothing
about nothing but fake news for two
years now
Oh Trump only won because of fake news
because people are reading headlines
that weren't real we've had article
after article about this the problem of
fake news what the Democrats mean by
fake news is news that is slanted to the
right right commentary that is slanted
to the right interpreted to the right
they don't like that stuff not just
stuff that's outright false nobody likes
the stuff that's outright false but
instead of just banning the stuff that's
outright false
Mark Zuckerberg has gone further right
Mark Zuckerberg has decided that he is
going to cleanse his network of all
stuff that would remotely be construed
as conservative in February Wired
magazine ran a cover story specifically
dealing with Facebook's role in the
election of 2016 and their subsequent
attempts to fix the problem after the
election Zuckerberg the head of Facebook
met with Barack Obama after the election
when Obama was no longer the president
and he met with Barack Obama I'll tell
you in one second what exactly he said a
Barack Obama because it's stunning and
it shows that what I'm saying about this
quasi conspiracy theory is not a
conspiracy theory this is all out in the
open I'll explain in just a second first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at zip recruiter so if you're
having a rough day at the office and
let's say that your employees haven't
been doing a particularly good job you
need to replace all of them well the
place to go is zip recruiter com
there you go to zip recruiter and zip
recruiter com is where you go and when
you go there you can post your job
offers and 80 percents of employers who
post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day zip recruiter learns what
you're looking for identifies people
with the right experience and invites
them to apply to your job in zip recruit
it doesn't just stop there they even
spotlight the strongest applications you
receive so you never miss a great match
we use a recruiter here at the office
for daily wire we may use it after
today's show depending on how the
technical specs go the rest of the day
the right candidates are out there zip
recruiter is how you find them right now
my listeners can try zip recruiter for
free go to zip recruiters comm slash
daily wire that zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire again in zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire you use that daily
slash daily wire number once they know
that we sent you a number too so you can
try zip recruiter for free you can post
your
job unzip recruiter comm slash daily
wire for free zip recruiter is the
smartest way to hire it's the best way
to upgrade your business so go check it
out okay so what exactly did Zuckerberg
meet with Obama about here is what
Zuckerberg met with Obama about hey you
ready after you the election
Zuckerberg met with Obama in an attempt
to convince Obama he was serious about
stopping the misuse of the platform by
misuse supposedly this meant fake news
and Russian intervention really what it
meant is that Obama and the rest of the
left were suggesting that Republicans
had gotten good at social media because
guess what we have a we at Daily wire
are very good at social media we have a
social media team we have people who
work on Facebook every single day and
Facebook decided they wanted to quash
everybody right this is there this is
their goal in February Zuckerberg said
he wanted to rejigger the algorithms on
his platform to benefit content that
Facebook deems trustworthy informative
and local there's the translation
trustworthy informative in local that
means Democrat Democrat and Democrat
Wired celebrated court you can't make
the world more open and connected if
you're breaking it apart so what was the
result of Facebook's algorithmic news
change conservatives have been
absolutely destroyed a study from the
