so President Trump holds a big
immigration meeting with Democrats Steve
Bannon is out at Breitbart news and
apparently back to bagging groceries
where he belongs and it turns out that
President Obama designed his own library
it does not look good I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so a lot to get to today obviously
there's a lot of breaking news on
immigration including a judicial ruling
that is just absurd also Steve Bannon is
out at Breitbart and as you may have
noticed this does not displease me Plus
as I have to show the pictures of the
Obama Presidential Library because they
truly are astonishingly awful I mean
it's like the guy took a Chinese takeout
food box unwrapped it and then decided
to model his library on it
that's basically what it looks like
Malthus is nodding because he knows this
is true before we get to any of that we
are first going to say thank you to my
sponsors over at Birch gold so Birch
gold is the place that you need to go if
you're interested in hedging your
financial bets if you look at the stock
market right now it's doing great it's a
so but over 25,000 but there may be a
correction sometime in the near future
if you look at the real estate market
it's up to but that may be a bubble one
of the ways that you can protect against
government inflation one of the ways
that you can protect against economic
uncertainty is with precious metals and
that's why you need to go and talk to my
friends over at Birch gold group Birch
gold group has a long-standing track
record of continued success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact Birch gold group
right now to request a free information
kit on physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16 page kit and it reveals
how gold and silver can protect your
savings and how you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds
and into a precious metals IRA ask all
your questions and get all of them
answered and then when ready to invest
talk to birchgold.com / Ben again that
is birchgold.com / Ben go check it out
right now use the slash Ben so that they
know that we sent you okay so well I'm
desperate to begin with President
Obama's a presidential library because
the pictures are just so astonishing
you're gonna have to wait for that first
we're gonna start with President Trump
having his big immigration meeting at
the White House so there were two
purposes for this immigration being
purpose number one is to push back on
the Michael Wolf fire and fury
narratives that narrative which we
talked about at length yesterday suggest
that Trump is just a crazy person Trump
is a nutjob a child and a man body a
sort of a kook who's escaped from the
asylum and is now running amuck through
the White House destroying everything
and so Trump wanted to hold this
bipartisan meeting to show no you know
I'm gonna have a basically normal
meeting and we'll have a bunch of
Democrats to the White House and we'll
talk and nobody'll get
in the head with a frying pan it'll
totally be fine and in that he succeeded
he was fine
when it came to policy however things
were not quite so glowing president gave
a bunch of mixed signals about what he
would be willing to sign or what he
would not be willing to sign in terms of
data now to review if you recall back in
26 two back in 2012 Barack Obama passed
into law sort of through executive order
the executive amnesty this was a
deferred action for childhood arrivals
program it suggested that anyone between
the ages of 16 and 30 at the time that
he signed this into law that those
people would be able to stay if they
were brought into the country as
children that had been there for a
certain amount of time and that being
the case all those people would
eventually be legal citizens of the
United States was sort of the unspoken
promise that Obama was making so Trump
comes into office and several months
into his term he decides that he is
going to overturn daca but at the time
he says daca no longer applies but if
Congress doesn't pass some version of
daca to keep the so-called dreamers in
the United States then come March
maybe I'll just reinstate it which is a
weird statement to make because the
whole reason for striking down daca in
the first place was based on
constitutional grounds he said it's
unconstitutional for the President of
the United States to simply say that a
bunch of people are now going to get
green cards to stay in the United States
or papers that suggest that they can be
here legally without the approval of
Congress so it would be weird to reverse
himself and then say well you know what
I decided the constitutional question
doesn't matter now I want this policy
back in place and therefore it will be
back in place that would be a weird
argument for Trump to make so yesterday
Trump is at the White House and he leads
off with his actual proposal his actual
proposal is that he will sign into law
and enshrinement of daca right basically
legalizing the presence of the so-called
dreamers maybe giving them a pathway to
citizenship maybe not maybe allowing
them to stay in the country permanently
without the ability to vote for example
it's not clear what exactly he's talking
about here but he says there won't be
any staying in the country for the
dreamers unless I get the funding for my
border wall now this is a fairly
unremarkable position that Republicans
have been taking there's some hardliners
like Ann Coulter who have been
suggesting that under no circumstances
should Trump reinstate daca instead he
should just push for independent funding
of the border wall and said he should
just push for an end to chain migration
chain migration is the process by which
you come here you drop a baby and the
baby's a citizen and now the baby brings
you in as the parent
as a citizen and it's chain migration
you bring in your entire family in fact
the the last terrorist attack that
occurred in New York City was by
somebody who'd been brought in
essentially through chain migration
started off as a person who got in
through the visa lottery that person
brought their family over through chain
migration Trump wants to end chain
migration as well he should chain
migration is stupid the idea that you
get to bring your entire family over
just because you're here how about we
determine whether you bringing your
family over is good for the United
States rather than just simply assuming
it especially when you're talking not
about immediate family or talking about
cousins and uncles and aunts and
grandmothers and all the rest in any
case the the Ann Coulter's say no daca
at all now that is what I would prefer
to I would prefer a system where we look
at all of these people on a one-to-one
basis I've said this a thousand times
where we look at these folks and a
one-to-one level we decide whether they
ought to stand whether they ought to go
and then they go in the back of the line
they can stay here while they're waiting
for their actual papers but they have to
go to the back of the line because it's
not fair to privilege them over people
who have been waiting diligently in line
for years to get their green card and
get their citizenship but President
Trump thinks differently he thinks that
data has to stay the reason for that is
he doesn't want the ugly pictures of ice
coming in and deporting people just
ripping children out of their mother's
arms and then putting them on a plane to
El Salvador and this is not something
that Trump really wants to do or the
opposite getting rid of that taking
mothers and the baby was born here so
the baby is a citizen taking the mothers
and deporting the mothers and leaving
the babies here
Trump doesn't want any of those pictures
so he says we want to do daca we want to
akka done but we're also gonna get my
priorities done so in order for
Democrats to sign off on this
Democrats want what is called a clean
daca bill whenever they say clean clean
just means without any riders so what
they want is daca rien shrined without
any wall funding without any curbs on
chain migration without any curbs on the
diversity Visa Lottery Trump would like
if DAC is gonna get done all of the
above he wants an end to chin migration
he wants curbs on the diversity visa
lottery wants it done away with
he wants his funding for the border wall
and that's what he said yesterday and by
the way as I said a couple of days ago
that deal was not a bad deal right it's
not it's not a terrible deal right if if
he ends up basically retaining status
quo with regard to the dreamers who by
the way we're never really gonna be
deported if he ends up retaining status
quo but getting all of his policy
priorities that's a win for the
president he knows it and that's why
that was what his position
was yesterday here's what he said love
not to build the wall but you need the
wall and I will tell you this the ice
officers and the Border Patrol agents I
had them just recently open for you they
say if you don't have the wall you know
in certain areas obviously that aren't
protected by nature if you don't have
the wall you cannot have security just
can't have it it doesn't work no I think
a plea dockable to me is a dr. bill but
we take care of the 800,000 people
they're actually not necessarily young
people everyone talks about young you
know they could be 40 years old 41 years
old but they're also 16 years old but I
think to me a clean bill is a bill of
Dokka we take care of them and we also
take care of security okay so the reason
that he's reship ting at the end there
is for a reason that I will show you in
just a moment because the fact is that
President Trump doesn't know what clean
bill means and so now he's
recapitulating what clean bill means now
clean bill is supposed to mean including
security which is not what clean bill
means typically there are a lot of mixed
messages in this press conference now
does he look like he is in control yes
and that's what he wants it right so
this is this gives the lie to the idea
that Trump doesn't know what he's doing
or that he has no capacity to function
in this office this is the problem with
Democrats setting the bar so low when
you suggest that somebody legitimately
does not have the IQ points to function
in a given job and then the person seems
to be functional then it is a visual
rebuke to all of the lines that have
been used by Democrats over the past
year a couple of years about Trump being
so crazy that he can't be allowed
anywhere near the Oval Office
here is a here's Trump continuum but the
bigger story I think for conservatives
is the mixed messages so Trump for
example dropped a full on Jeb Bush line
he suggested that he wanted a bill of
love I remember when Jeb Bush said that
trying to legalize the illegal
immigrants was an act of love and he was
ripped up and down for the privilege
right one of the people ripping him was
Donald Trump how dare you say act of
love and Jeb's sort of retreated into
the corner well Donald Trump did exactly
the same thing yesterday he talked about
how he wanted a bill of love now we're
going to have a
bill of love first of all I don't think
that we should have Bills of love I
think we should have Bill's a good
policy just as a general rule I'll show
you what Trump said in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Enzo chinos so you want
to look your best right you have a big
business meeting coming up or you have a
wedding coming up or you have a big date
coming up and you want to look at
stylish as you possibly can well that's
where Enzo Chino comes in indochina
makes you a made-to-measure suit it fits
better compared to a generic
off-the-rack suit it is made from
scratch they're the largest custom
apparel company they make suits and
shirts to your exact measurements for a
great fit here's how it works you pick
your fabric you choose your
customizations you submit your
measurements you place your order and
you wait for her to arrive and three
weeks or less or you can go into one of
their headquarters in places like Los
Angeles I went into their headquarters
in in Beverly Hills and it was a really
fun experience actually got to look at
all the different modifications and the
tailor works with you to figure out
exactly how you want it to look it all
looks great my favorite suit that I own
is actually a blue / gray a light blue /
gray three-piece suit with a vest it is
very stylish it is very colorful and it
definitely draws eyeballs not just
because I'm a deeply handsome human
being but also because the suit is just
great-looking you can shop online at
endo Chino comm or visit any of their
showrooms across North America and right
now my listeners get any premium Indo
Chino suit for just 359 bucks at ENSO
Chino comm when you enter Shapiro at
checkout that's 359 bucks Indo chinos
combo you enter Shapiro at checkout
that's 50% off the regular price for a
premium made-to-measure suit again
shipping is free Indo Chino kaam promo
code Shapiro any premium suit 359
dollars plus free shipping so cheaper
than off the rack and better than off
the rack fits better looks better has
all the modifications you want feel like
you're James Bond right you've got that
you've got the the actual you know
tailored suit to match your coolness
that's what endo Chino is for again it's
called I and do CH Ino comm endo Chino
calm and use promo code Shapiro a check
out for that special deal okay so from
says that he wants a bill of love so
here is him explaining what he wants
from deca and again you'll see that the
message is moving around a fair bit here
we have a lot of good people in this
room a lot of people that have a great
spirit for taking care of people we
represent we all represent I feel having
the Democrats in with us is absolutely
because this should be a bipartisan bill
there should be a bill of love truly
should be a bill of love and we can do
that the bill of love and Jeb Bush
somewhere just as crying and crying
because if only he had been Donald Trump
and said Bill of love everything would
have been fine but he said act of love
and from Brooke through up and down for
so here is where the confusion sets in
so it looks like Trump has a relatively
clear position so far right we're gonna
get daca but we're also gonna get border
wall funding and we're also going to get
the end of chain migration and we're
also going to get the end of the
diversity Visa Lottery again is it would
I prefer that he not do daca and get all
of those things sure if you're gonna
make a trade though that's not a bad
trade right that's about as good a trade
as you're going to get I was advising a
couple of Republican senators last night
on this and I was saying push as hard as
you can the reason I was saying push as
hard as you can is because Trump
actually is not gonna take a leadership
role the great lie of the last campaign
is that Trump was gonna take a
leadership role when it came to actual
policy prescriptions such as on
immigration that he was gonna be the
great leader here he is not and he made
that pretty clear yesterday so here is
Trump debating with Democrats and you
will see that Trump legitimately does
not actually know what he's talking
about when it comes to the terminology
on jacta he actually has to be corrected
by representative Kevin McCarthy the
House Majority Whip on his position
because for a moment here he actually
signals support for the Democratic
position that daca should be passed
without any sort of strings attached to
here as Diane Feinstein saying something
and then her being absolutely stunned
when Trump agrees with her with the
commitment that we go into a
comprehensive keep pausing for one
second okay before we get to Trump's
answer what she's saying
just to clarify is that she wants
deferred action for childhood arrivals
Obama's executive amnesty made law now
and then afterward we'll negotiate about
diversity visa programs and we'll
negotiate about curbing chain migration
here's the problem if Trump were to do
that he loses all leverage the only
leverage she has to get Democrats to
vote for this thing is that they want
akka and if they won't attack him maybe
they'll give him some of the things he
wants if he gives them what they want
you think they're gonna stick around for
a discussion about comprehensive
immigration reform
are you kidding of course they're not
going to of course they'll sink any
possibility of curbing some of the more
popular methods of illegal immigration
so that's what she's saying to him she's
saying let's do what I want and then
later later we'll do what you want and
she's doing the wimpy from from the
Archie comics they give me a give me a
hamburger now I'll give you the five
bucks later that's basically what you're
saying and then she's shocked because
Trump doesn't know what she's saying and
so he agrees with her as what happens
right here
Kennedy's here I think that's basically
what dick is said we're gonna come out
with daca we're gonna do daca and then
we can start immediately on the Phase
two which would be comprehensive I think
a lot of people would like to see them
but I think we have to do it when we
talk about just daca we don't want to be
back here two years later you have to
have security as the secretary would
tell you I think that's what you say
okay easy Kevin McCarthy steps in
there's a mr. president I knew you're
totally wrong about this so this is the
problem with the idea that Trump is
going to lead the way on this because
Trump legitimately doesn't know what
he's talking about and so he has to have
Kevin McCarthy Kevin McCarthy is no hawk
on immigration by the way hey Kevin
McCarthy is from California he is not an
immigration hawk and he has to step in
and inform the president this is not how
negotiations work and then Trump
basically starts giving away the store
so this is the problem with with the
meeting you know mr. president just just
please pipe down let Congress do its
work sign what comes across your desk
you can hear when Trump starts to
negotiate his opening negotiation for
position for a guy who's supposed to be
this master negotiator his opening
negotiation position is let me give you
everything you want that was also his
opening negotiation position if you
recall on the budget where he told the
Democrats here have everything you want
and he stunned Paul Ryan and he's
stunned Mitch McConnell and both of them
walked out of trumps office going what
the hell just happened that's what
happened yesterday - on immigration
briefly now Trump I think is going to
back down now my Congress do its work
but you can see why Republicans are a
little bit discomforted with the idea
that captain immigration hawk over here
is giving away the entire store right
halfway through this meeting Trump
