we're live hey everybody we're bringing
you the best the brightest and also
Michael Knowles live streaming here on
both Facebook and YouTube this is our
first gathering since uh
State of Union yeah and that was a party
so they didn't let us do it again for
about three or four months now we're
having to be sitting down again with you
tonight
I'm Jeremy boring god king of the daily
wire that's lowercase G lowercase K any
actual gods or kings are registered
complain like if there's treason and
blasphemy all at once I feel like the
penalties project that's gonna be the
title of this show I think it's treason
and blast God king of the day the wire
joined by Ben Shapiro Andrew Clavin
Michael Knowles we have special guests
tonight our friend Alfonzo Rachel's
gonna join us and international film and
television star also I don't know if you
guys have heard this Peabody
award-winning no I how do we get Nick
seriously will be joining us later this
evening and we're here because Father's
Day is coming up this weekend and while
only fifty percent of us are father's
100 percent of us have fathers and
mostly we brought the cigar so we're
gonna be talking about what it's like to
be a father what it's like to appreciate
father's what it's like to be a man I
think it'll expand beyond fatherhood
obviously and into general male-female
issues because you know we're in the
middle this me to movement and as they
tell us the future is female and it
seems like that's a lot to unpack and
may be a pretty good time so here's the
part where you guys be quiet in the to
father saw tell you I have no known
children but it's a very big studly how
did he get in the building he does
anyone watch it he does not wear this to
work yeah he actually changed its once
he's here there's anything it's an awful
place to work so okay so what do you
talk about well let's talk about fathers
you are one indeed what's that
bring it to me before we get into
fathers we do have one not only non
father but not even prospective father
also part of the show tonight and that's
our friend Alicia Krause don't use
gender labels oh hi you guys are liking
this really nice Upper East Side looking
cigar lounge
I'm just doing my version of moms night
out which is Red Bull vodka and a babe
have fun I'll be here just like I was
the State of the Union taking subscriber
questions for all of y'all and I like
the idea of broadening this to like
manhood because god this world needs
more men and instead they'll have to
make do with us all right
fathers it's a very serious topic very
serious very serious nothing like my own
father who would be ashamed if you were
watching this fortunately he's working
for a living and not tuning into the
shows but I think that one of the things
that actually has always been
interesting to me about this particular
group is that we have pretty diverse
backgrounds you know drew you write a
lot about your father in your book the
good great and the great good thing and
and of course Ben we know your father
very well and I've done a lot of work
with him over the years
Michael your father who we just got to
meet this weekend at the I don't know
what how do you talk without using the
word there should've been a father
shaped all in the world that's true oh
yeah you met him this weekend at when I
took my biggest step I've ever taken to
becoming a man that's the only
contribution really and then my father
who I think of all of you yes a great
guy out in West Texas and so we we have
these diverse backgrounds and I'm sure
diverse perspectives on these issues and
yet we've all kind of come to a very
similar place one of the things this is
my surprise the audience that we talk a
lot about these issues when we're not
talking about politics and we really
because we talk about politics
professionally our hobby is not also
talking about politics so this is some
of I think fertile ground for what our
conversations are actually like and
that's why we're calling the show I
don't know if you guys got the memo we
named it the show so previously the show
was just called like State of the Union
coverage at a roundtable involving four
guys and cigars it really wasn't much of
a much of a title and now we've named it
the Daily wire backstage wow it's pretty
good anyway you smoke and drink in your
office you can call it whatever you want
this is the greatest job ever recommend
page just welcome to sit around talk and
the people paying us are actually
probably hoping for a shout out now
Dollar Shave Club Oh Dollar Shave Club
so if you don't want to look like
Knowles
if you actually make something of your
life if you want to you know have the
best products available if you want to
have all of the best stuff I mean we are
talking here the shampoo the conditioner
the body
wash the toothpaste the hair Jo and even
that wipe that leaves your ass feeling
tingling then you absolutely need to
shop with Dollar Shave Club true yes you
don't look like Knowles glory to Dollar
Shave I was a member of Dollar Shave
Club before I we the daily wire even
existed I loved it to death I do because
you know I start shaving on Thursday to
come in on Monday that's a lot of real
estate to shave and they have great
blades they come in the mail every month
they come with all those you can put
those things in the box and just order
them right up you get the full kit and I
use the whole at the whole deal I take
their premium blades
I started out cheap with the double
blade I got to the premium blade the
premium blade is great because you start
it's got so many blades in it if we
start dragging it over your hair about
five o'clock and by 5:30 you've kind of
made it and it works I mean it's like
you know so my wife is a big fan of the
amber the calming body cleanser because
as you can tell I'm just a calm guy
exactly right the other day my wife said
you smell great what is it that you're
using and I said well it's that cleanser
and it's that magical calming body
cleanser because it definitely was not
my natural oh that's my wife offered
ordered up the ass wipes and she suspend
like moving right along that's right
there daily essential starter said it
comes with body cleanser one wipe
Charlies those are the incredible ass
wipes they get rid of their right and
their world-famous shea butter their
best razor the six blade executive keep
the blades coming for a few bucks more
every month and you add in the shampoo
toothpaste or anything else that you
need for the bathroom you can check it
all out at dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben
that's dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben you
get that special deal with the daily
essential starter set it's all awesome
stuff dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben go
check it out great thing to get your dad
for Father's Day so my dad was actually
like a stay-at-home dad basically so he
was a musician who wrote for some film
and TV but he stayed home a lot more of
my mom my mom was the one who actually
was working outside the house a lot more
which means that I'm extraordinarily
tight with my dad I know your dad was it
was a radio host he was a big shot radio
host in New York kind
for there were national radio hosts like
Rush you know people who would actually
there was some syndication but mostly
were a local guy but New York was the
biggest market and he was the biggest
guy with the old John gambling the two
of them traded off the number one spot
for 25 years and he went to what I gotta
say the one thing that was really cool
about my old man is he went to work at 3
o'clock in the morning every day and he
treated it like a job
we hardly knew he was in show business I
mean one of the reasons I became a
writer is cuz I thought the arts were
something you could do I thought it was
like a job doctor lawyer writer if I had
known how hard he was working I probably
would've been a little nicer to him not
much just briefly on your dad it's hard
for us to probably relate now that
because of things like syndication and
because everything sort of national even
cable makes television national but the
idea of a local radio host is such an
intimate Heat celebrity you know and as
you say in New York and the biggest time
I mean your dad wasn't just in showbiz
he was a giant we are we called him the
mayor of 46th Street because you would
literally walk down certain streets in
Manhattan and people would lean out of
buildings to wave to him everybody knew
who he was I mean that for for many many
years when I would use a credit card or
somebody the first thing somebody would
say is oh you must be you know Clavin
and finches he worked with a partner and
so he really was a local celebrity
nobody knew him outside of New York but
the first first job I ever got was in
radio not the first job I ever got but
the first adult job I got was in radio I
went in and did the worst audition of my
life looked up and saw a promotional
card from my father and blurted out
that's my dad when your dad wasn't
beating you like a redheaded stepchild
so my dad so unlike us you know we sit
around spread fake news for a living you
know my dad works with the mentally
 so it's kind of like social
work you know and it was interesting
because my parents divorced when I was
very little before I really was
conscious or anything but I didn't
realize that divorce is terrible because
I saw my dad every day he was right
nearby picked me up from school you know
so I'd see him every single day and it
was a unique experience because only
later did I realize look
statistics looking with divorce really
usually means for people I didn't
realize that experience you know I got
to see him every day he go to work very
early be out basically in time to pick
me up from school and yeah but it's a
totally different you know it's such a
totally different career field your
father was a writer your father is a
broadcaster you know you fell into that
broad genre and I'm you know my father
working with these this poor community
and doing all this good work and I just
did exactly the opposite for so many
people responsibility I do it I weep
about it every day and your dad what is
it so my dad's an engineer for the
railroad and you know that's the guy
drives the train so he's a locomotive
engineer and he you know your dad's the
coolest that's the but it's a tough job
you know people may not know railroaders
are on 24-hour call so you know my
childhood was sort of this weird not
knowing when you would see your dad even
though he and my mom happily married to
this day yeah he would
you know sometimes he'd get called at
2:00 in the morning and be gone for
maybe three days and sleep in the hotel
and then he'd get back at 6:00 in the
afternoon he may not go to work again
for 24 hours or he may go to work again
12 hours later and so there was you know
especially early on when he had less
seniority in the career and could maybe
pick as his runs a little less you know
he would be kind of gone from certain
important events as he's you know as his
as his career sort of took shape he had
a lot more flexibility I think my little
sister and my little brother probably
got a lot more of them in some ways than
I did but that's not a it's not exactly
a complaint what I actually feel like is
you know my mom and dad I got pregnant
very young and my dad basically had to
make a decision to keep being a kid or
to be a father and he took the best job
that he could find as a guy in a small
town you know without a college
education he hired onto this difficult
job that isn't hard in the way of manual
labor I mean it's not like he's you know
busting moving breaking ditches but that
has this other kind of isolating
difficulty of always being tired working
nights and days and nights and days and
being away from your family and and I I
feel like from the the guy that I know
is the product in many ways of those
hard and isolating years where he kind
of found himself out on the road and so
I'm I've always been very appreciative
of it so what okay so since Father's Day
is coming up what's the best one lesson
that your dad's taught you'll again to
boil it down to one lesson I taught you
well what's the lesson that your dad
taught yeah I you know my dad and I
didn't get along that well we have very
different points of view and there's one
piece of advice he gave me which I
simply can't say on the air it's so fun
I can translate it I can translate it
into speakable English which was when
when I I became a man a young man in the
60s when suddenly sex was available so
we went from literally one year I would
have said oh you never have sex until
you get married to two years later
everybody was available and I said how I
put this
he basically well I think I translated
this he said basically just remember
every vagina comes with a human being
attached about anything it turns out to
be exactly true yeah that's pretty good
pretty amazing you know I think the the
best advice I got for I couldn't sum it
up into a line but I do kind of get it
from my father's dispositional
conservatism and that's a different
thing than like you know I don't know
voting for Trump or low taxes or
whatever that dispositional conservatism
of you know when I had tough times or my
family had tough times he would just do
what he had to do yeah and wasn't
Pleasant and it was costly and difficult
he would just do it and wouldn't talk
about it and wasn't a bit and just kind
of do it you know and when there would
be social questions obviously we live in
this kind of crazy social moment where
you know I I think I now legally have to
use the girls room when I go to market
but there was this kind of sense of the
tradition this kind of sense of the this
is normal it's a good thing to go to
church it's a good thing to do that's a
good that I you know I see it being lost
because I look at my friends I see I
even look at my friend's parents and
that kind of conservatism is
I'll even let you vote for a Democrat if
you have that I think that's a really
important thing I can really relate to
that because my dad was that it is and
discipline say
dispensationalism yeah not dispensation
at all that would be the more religious
that conservative you know he was a
union Democrat for most of my childhood
because he works for the railroad you
know but was always very very
conservative in terms of his values and
really even in in a term in terms of his
politics and and pass that along to me
and also just the selfishness
selflessness to be able to always do the
thing that he didn't want to do but that
needed doing which I I feel like is not
only lost from the culture but I'll say
it's even lost from me personally I am
NOT selfless in the way that my father
was selfless and so I should give him
credit for that very thing as being his
greatest advice but he did articulate
advice from time to time never quite as
good as the advice that he tried to live
out but a lot more funny so I was at a
blockbuster video which if you recall
blockbuster videos from your YouTube
people used to go and rent Michael
they're going rent DVDs or VHS tapes and
they would take them home and put them
in a machine and you could watch was
that in the old timey days whenever and
we were in a Blockbuster Video in
Lubbock the kind of big city in near the
small town that I'm from and my dad and
I are you know looking to see what we're
gonna get or whatever and this guy comes
in and back then there were late fees
that's the other thing you had late fees
and what that is is a fee for being late
okay yeah so guys up at the front he
wants to rent something new and the
little 16 year old girl or whatever run
in the counter can't help him because
you can't rent something when you have
late fees and she's like sir I'm sorry
you know the system says you owe us 1350
and you know I'd be happy to process
that payment if you want amazing this is
an outrage right I mean I don't have
1350 I'm here to rent splash to or
whatever it was
how dare you not want to talk to your
manager and you know the girl starts to
get very upset she's quite young you
know and this is a grown man he's being
very aggressive if she starts to kind of
get flustered in the little teary and
her voice is breaking and he just is
relentless I actually believe she
eventually let him just rent the DVD and
my father I remember this like it was
yesterday turns to me and he says son
never be an over 13:50 stood me
well so for me there were a couple so
one was that when I was in junior high I
had already skipped third grade and went
to junior high I went to a highly gifted
magnet she had take an IQ test to get
into this magnet school and I got in but
I was certainly not the person with the
highest IQ there there are people who
there's a there's a girl there who had I
remember a 180 IQ and did you even talk
at that this is the part that was
actually kind of funny so I I you know
my dad basically said to me at that time
that most of the time you're not gonna
be the smartest person in the room now
that's an exception here in the room
which means really have to work
extraordinarily hard and the payoff to
that story is that the girl with the 180
IQ now teaches Jim it like Michigan
State or something because and virtually
everybody in the class you had a higher
IQ than mine ended up you know doing
stuff that was probably less lucrative
than the stuff that we do for a living
so that was that was piece of advice
number one which is that your natural
gifts only take you a certain amount of
the way that was that's something my
fourth-grade teacher also told me she's
she was she gave me a very dark piece of
advice for a fourth player she said
don't let potential be written on your
tombstone no it was really good but I'm
a nine year old been said that he that
he always said was that never start a
fight but the end if I finish it which I
have a feeling all of us probably heard
from our DS yes that's my dad actually
did tell me one time I was being picked
on by this kid at the at the we'd go to
the high school basketball games come
from a small town and there's nothing
literally nothing else to do except
watch girls basketball so the whole
family's at the ball game and I don't
know I'm probably like 11 and
highschool kid would bully me anytime
that I was a at the gym it's uh my dad
kind of caught wind of this and I don't
think he understood the age dynamics at
play because someone was bullying me and
he said son you stand up for yourself
you know if you if you hit the bully
back they go away you usually don't even
have to hit the bully back if they say
they're gonna punch you just look them
in the eye and say fine then punch me
get it over with
I just we need to live you know you just
have to be a man so you know Here I am
in I'm 11 and I have thing is my dad he
must know it so sure enough pulled me
aside you know coming out the bathroom
at high school Germany I don't know ask
me for my money or whatever it was that
he used to do picking on me and I said
