when before I began this interview
steven crowder was in fact wearing pants
he walked into the room not wearing
pants to make me specifically
uncomfortable more we do sell them since
you haven't plugged my stuff you've been
plugging psychologists at the lot of
credit merchants or calm so here we are
on the Sunday special with steven
crowder who lacks pants and we will get
to all of the questions for steven
crowder we will ask him why indeed he
feels that it is necessary and
appropriate for him not to wear pants
and thus to show his junk to the entire
world but first let's talk a little bit
about talk space the online therapy
company that lets you message a licensed
therapist from anywhere at any time
look steven crowder could use a
therapist and you might need to as well
all you need is a computer with internet
connection or the talks based mobile app
that means you can improve your mental
health even if you had trouble making
time for it in the past there's no
stigma attached you know I am a big
advocate of if you got something on your
chest and you need to get it off your
chest you should talk to somebody who
knows what they are talking about and
that's why you should be talking about
everyday challenges at work or at home
you can chat about life there no extra
commutes no leaving the office no
judgement remember therapy isn't just
about venting those thoughts are digging
into childhood memories it's about
practical everyday strategies for stress
management and living a happier life
having a therapist simply provides you a
designated person for you to talk to
who's trained to listen and help you
make positive changes the talk space
platform has over 2,000 licensed
therapists who are experienced in
addressing life challenges we all face
to match the perfect therapist for a
fraction the price the price of
traditional therapy go to talk space.com
slash Schapiro use that promo code
Shapiro at 45 bucks off your first month
show your support for the show
that's Shapiro talk space.com slash
Shapiro and again 45 bucks off your
first month I'm big advocate as I say of
if you need help talk to somebody and
talk space can make it happen for you at
a fraction of the price to going to a
therapist is totally worth it go check
it out right now talk space.com slash
Shapiro alright steven crowder this is
gonna be hard for me how many of those
are we gonna have to do what I do four
of those I'm so tempted to screw all of
them up for you I know and you already
had one so congratulations you did you
did you did stumble a little bit I know
well you know you actually ducking into
my camera line and then pouring water
into your own mug is always definitely a
wonderful no no I just don't trust you
look back at you dude I mean I'm the one
wearing pants so all I can say is that
when before we began this interview
steven crowder was in fact wearing pants
he walked into the room now
wearing pants to make me specifically
uncomfortable because as most people
know I am deeply uncomfortable with the
male body well I think you're deeply
uncomfortable with the men and women of
our armed services because this is what
they wear they were ranger panties or
they're known softies in the Navy so I
don't know why I don't know why you
would disrespect them that way our more
we didn't tell them since you haven't
plugged my stuff you've been plugging
psychologists at a lot of credit merch
store comm and of course everyone knows
for the Mudd Club of it yeah if I were
more of a patriot I'd be staring at your
junk with with more enthusiasm but
apparently I am not so all right let's
jump into it let's jump into what you do
for a living which is supposedly comedy
allegedly so yes it's so steven crowder
for those who know for a guy who's so
smart that was redundant right off the
supposedly allegedly let's try and curb
back the flaw supposedly it says
supposedly is not a legal term allegedly
is but let's talk a little bit about how
you got to where you are so he runs a
show a lawyer present
I mean a half age and Pilbara schmancer
always I'm Jewish but you know the
Crowder is sitting here and and people
should know the way that I got to know
steven crowder was in fact as his lawyer
so many many years ago we got to know
each other because I was recommended to
Steven for some odd reason as somebody
who might be able to negotiate a
contract I think it was Andrew Breitbart
well it was probably Andrew it's always
Andrew which made no sense because it
wasn't the kind of law that you did
right but I can read a contract yeah and
so anyone Jewish this is correct any
trust at you and I remember that you
went in and you weep Connery bad
qualities right off the bat employer
who's Jewish no no I said I don't know
trusted me someone who could do this and
I remember he said this guy you know I
trust this this guy he's younger but
he'll know how to take care of you
ever we went in kinda like the Donald
Trump we try to negotiate going in hi
mm-hmm and we'd expect them to come back
but they didn't right there we just know
and I'm err I thought you were probably
probably held some animosity toward me
because you were like crap I should have
come in lower because you know I was
making so much more than you it's true
you you are you were really earning at
that point and then the first time that
the first time that we met in person
steven crowder came to my came to my
condo
yeah i can't remember why you were there
at all I mean just so he heard this
giant Canadian and he and were upstairs
and I'm about to do a radio show or
something yeah and you decided to
demonstrate your Brazilian Jujitsu
skills by putting me in a headlock and
then there's a guillotine choke but you
said you had a hernia only after I put
you in the choke that's true I was like
why don't you tell me before this and
then I then I felt bad but only a little
bit
right but I didn't launch a lawsuit
against you in that was the beginning of
our French yes it was the beginning of
our friendship the same thing he did my
Fox News contract early on because yeah
you know listen at that point I wasn't
really obviously I wasn't looking for
anything special but I remember I just
said I know some people don't own the
rights to their own names and I want to
be protected I want to make sure that I
maintain kind of my autonomy and you did
you you helped to help me with that at
that point that we enable I don't have a
lot of negotiating power yeah but it was
it was very helpful no it's always good
that my legal skill was talked up the
beginning of a show so I appreciate that
well Stephen is indeed the creator and
the host of louder with Crowder which is
the most successful comedy comedy show
on the right I think pretty clearly and
obviously I mean he has a second-rate
mug which we've allowed him to actually
bring in here pour his water into
obviously this right here the left is
tears hot or cold tumblr is far superior
to Apollo it has more bulk now sort of
the reverse of our bots it employs a lot
of Chinese children this is short and
fat like me and this one's tall and
skinny like you but in any case the the
the the show is is takes a lot of work
it's really worth watching so I wanted
to ask
let's get deep into the weeds with
steven crowder from the very beginning
how did you go from a misanthropic
canadian child to a giant texan comedian
in one short life you know it's it's I
was always it's the only thing I ever
wanted to do did you ever want to do
anything else as a kid did you ever want
to be a fireman or a policeman I mean I
know your plan when I was interested in
in like genetic science I was also a
violinist so I thought about than that
okay I was always very nice all the
Asian is doing the violin you were like
I was pretty violinist
I know you were very good violinist but
you know different to be honest with you
it wasn't really about the race I don't
think your parents were jamming piano
keys into your neck if you missed a mr.
note I have a lawyer right now happy
actually his mommy's to slam the piano
on his fingers talk about tech like he
talks about it hits Tiger mom and he's
brilliant at he's nice so he's an SMU
law grad that's actually you know that's
a funny story speaking of Texas so my
half-asian lawyer bill rich from an SMU
law grad when we did the show at SMU he
was in there he was a part of the show
he was in the crowd and we did a parody
of say anything where he was holding up
a boombox and in your eyes but Peter
Gabriel was playing but he's walking in
and there are these protestors and the
other side of the street it was like
there was a poultry like 40 people but
one of them was his law professor he
goes bill what do you say I'm in the
show I'm protesting the show so I kind
of assumed that in law you would have
more conservative professors turns out I
guess that's
okay certainly not anymore yeah and
maybe major law firms are very very much
the left animal at one point I'll have
to do a show where I talk about all my
experiences in my interviews for for
being a lawyer like I was at Harvard Law
School and I was interviewed by 32 firms
the way works at Harvard is that
everybody shows up to recruit you
because you're at Harvard Law School
which means you're smart and so they
then come to the they come to the
Charles hotel but that was the self pat
for sponsors I don't see how creative he
is with the compliments that was a
selfie yeah no it means you're smart
it's smooth I tell you what's not smart
is these generic chairs my back is gonna
be strong I have to get up and stretch
right in front of you well please do not
and in any case 32 school 32 different
firms came and recruited me and I went 1
for 32 on my interview specifically
because I was right-wing and they saw in
my resume that aydin's my books but in
any case let's get back to you I want to
I want to compliment you there because a
lot this is one thing I know that
bothers you and bothers me a lot people
say all was because it was right-wing no
in this case it's true because anyone
out there who knows your background in
law and listen I you know I I despise
you of course all that but you are
supremely qualified and it's clear that
there was a bias against your political
world I mean they pretty much said it
yeah I know you could bother when people
say well I didn't get accepted right
because I was that was at Schenectady
Community College and I bombed out so
well no ha it's not because you were
conservative it's the same thing with a
lot of sort of conservative self
professed comedians sometimes like I
know every single conservative in the
comedy any industry entertainment is
very certainly comedy and a lot of
people just say well it's because I was
right-wing so well ha I guess because
you're not there yet I don't need to say
they're not good they're not there yet
so in that case I want people to know
that is entirely legitimate that it was
because of your worldview and probably
because you couldn't keep your mouth
shut about it well so on my resume the
the name of my second book was porn
generation how social liberalism is
corrupting our future in one particular
interview with Gibson Dunn and Crutcher
the partner who was interviewing people
I walked in before I even sat down or
said my name he said I walked in the
door I remember this clear as day and he
says it has always been my contention
that conservatives and religious people
in general have a freudian fear of sex
can't even shook my hand yet and at that
point it's like I'm not getting this job
so go you know eff this guy and that was
pretty much I mean ER we would also be
improper verbage because wasn't Freud
the guy who wanted to sleep with his mom
he didn't have a fear of sex he thought
that other people so I guess you're
saying a Freudian complex yes I'm afraid
of that that's what he was going for
yeah in any case let's get back to the
dark in that you completely avoided here
what
was how did you go from being a giant
Canadian to a giant Texan and also did
you always want to do political comedy
or do pure comedy no I always just
wanted to if you'd have asked me when I
was 12 or 13 I would have said I want to
be an Academy award-winning actor really
that's what that truly would have been
my dream I just wanted to act but I also
always loved comedy I started writing
stand-up when I was 14 to do actually
the school talent show which ended up
being cancelled so I just continued
writing so the first time I did stand-up
I think I was 17 but I had to cut down
from about an hour of material to five
minutes
most people bomb their first time the
only reason I didn't bomb was because I
had so much material to edit back but
don't ever know how corrupt obviously
the academy is and that the awards
didn't mean a whole lot I said okay what
I want what do I want to do I was just
talking about this with Dennis Prager
not long ago I said okay if I can't be
an Academy award-winning actor
late-night host so it's like you know my
my Safety's Harvard and at that point
you know I don't know who your who's
your favorite late-night host of all
well time aside from yours truly hobbies
not all time I wasn't Leno fan really
yes ah I know ah breakin my heart see I
was I was all about Letterman until
later on when he came a grumpy man but
early Letterman like the Larry bud
Melman okay Rupert's deli that was real
and more sophisticated yes in comedy yes
I know
okay that's the comedians want to do
Leno because of the numbers and it was
an easy interview but the comedians all
respected Dave that was kind of the rule
until again later on he's totally
changed so early Letterman and I used to
watch it every day my dad would tape it
and put it on VHS and of course
fast-forward the parts that we couldn't
watch and I always just thought wow this
is something really cool that I'd love
to be a part of and I did stand-up for a
long time I always think I wanted to
entertain people and when I saw people
like Nick DiPaolo do stand-up you know
I'd get Conor I'd feel bad about myself
because I would say I'm never going to
be as good as Nick DiPaolo I'm a good
stand-up comedian but a lot of the
things I wanted to do like impressions
sketches didn't work on stage and of
course acting I couldn't do Stan it
couldn't incorporate a lot of comedy not
writers don't typically like you
ad-libbing if people don't know out
there so this really what I'm doing now
is what I've always wanted to do we can
incorporate all of it this is what I've
always wanted to do and it's not really
a right-leaning show but it's really a
late-night show where conservatives
don't need a fear being sucker-punched
you know you have a bit of a harder job
than I did to be honest with you because
I get to be a political pundit who's
occasionally funny but when you're in
the comedic space when people
affect you to be funny all the time yeah
and your hit rate had better be really
incredibly high do you feel a lot of
pressure you having to be funny yeah I
do and I think you know and I feel a lot
of pressure not because it's like oh I
better be funny or it'll it'll hurt my
ego you know when you know this when you
do these live shows I'm not a guy come
up and give me his Navy Cross yeah and
he said I had such bad PTSD and I was
suicidal
he said watching your show is what kept
me saying because I was able to sort of
consume the news I was able to digest it
but I didn't want to kill myself you
know we want we don't want to be the
only show people watch we do more
sourcing I think than anyone honestly we
have we have a rule we have to have two
completely unbiased sources for every
claim that we make we put them on air
you or a leftist source so as a matter
of fact sometimes we'll actually have a
source from Daily wire not like we can't
used it we can use daily wire maybe
we'll say daily wires bullcrap so we go
to the PubMed study which you guys just
saw back you know obviously we're
summarizing but unfortunately people say
it's not legitimate because you know
your shekels and all that so yeah so I
feel a tremendous responsibility if
people are choosing law it was credited
to be their last show before their head
hits the pillow I have always said this
to people who work for me I go listen
they don't know the last show assume
that everyone walking in is walking in
for the first time and they've never
seen your prior performances and earn it
earn their dollar earn their laugh every
single time that's how I tried to
approach it and it really comes the
pressure comes from more of a sense of
responsibility in realizing how much
this means to to other people which
that's something I wasn't ready for
honestly just doing when I was just
doing stand-up and smoker clubs were
drunks were mad at you were doing open
mics you didn't expect someone would
come up and say hey I didn't kill myself
because of your show and I this is
something I know you've you've touched
and I think we've sort of stuck a chord
in in culture right now we hear people
are other all the time there is no group
out there right now who have been other
done anyone under the age of 35 whose
right-leaning
for a long time they feel really
isolated they feel really alone and so
obviously our show is a comedy show and
yours is more like you said sort of
political punditry is that the reality
fairy commentary brilliant commentary uh
it really does make people feel less
alone and it means a lot to them so
that's what the pressure comes from well
let's talk a little bit of what your
routine I'm gonna move these books
because my mug is too dirty and so it's
Wow running into them but yeah let's
talk a little bit about your sort of
routine getting ready for the show
because I have my routine I get ready
for it for you know because I'm in the
news cycle all day long it doesn't take
me that long to actually prep for the
show
because I'm in the news cycle I know
what all the news stories are I know
what all the clips are gonna be but for
you you do that you do the once a week
three-hour show which is the big
extravaganza it's a 1 hour and 15
minutes yeah all three hours wouldn't
used to be on radio but it's a little
longer than the daily show okay so how
often is the daily show is behind the
paywall over at CR TV it's about a 44
minute clock like traditional shows and
then on on Thursday we do one extra game
right and but the amount of it the
amount of time that you put into these
shows is just extraordinary so what is
the organization like for these shows so
well to give you an idea you know I'm up
4:30 or 5:00 and I'm working by 5:30
writing the jokes right in the pitches
because if I write 20 jokes maybe two
will work and we have a couple that
people know who help with some - Owen
Benjamin comes in hourly and it's really
helpful but really for the first for the
first well three years we did it on
Radio and then The Daily Show was just
