we take a look at all of the breaking
news on the Cavanaugh allegations and
there is a lot of it the media humiliate
themselves as per our usual routine
every single day here and we take a look
at the funniest story of the year it is
astonishingly good I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
I stepped away for the final Jewish
holidays guys that was the last ones of
the year okay so now we're safe we're
good now
okay the last couple days first of all I
will say this was the best part of the
Jewish holidays it was Simchat Torah I
know I know you want to get to the news
but I'm just gonna ramble on for a while
about Judaism but in any case it was he
was partying with the Torah was really
great my kids really enjoyed it and now
I am refreshed and I come back and the
news cycle is just rich and replete with
joy and I will bring you all of that
first I want to mention we really
appreciate you tuning in and sharing the
podcast with all of your friends if you
enjoy what we do please subscribe to the
Ben Shapiro show on iTunes and while
you're there leave us a 5-star rating
know but first if you like the show just
do it it takes a second it really helps
us out those ratings on iTunes helped
actually elevate the the ratings on
iTunes overall so make sure that you
leave a five star review for us if you
don't like the show and you want to
leave someone's star rating well then
don't bother doing it you know you got
better things to do today just leave us
five stars because let's face it that's
all we really deserve and now but first
let's talk about your tooth health so
the reality is that you are lying to
your dentist on a routine basis right
you go in there your dentists says how
often you brush you're like eight times
a day every time I breathe I brush my
teeth like well how often you flush like
I haven't stopped flossing you see this
in my mouth right here piece of floss
well you're lying your dentist and we
all know you're lying to your dentist
and that's why you ought to be using
quip instead quip is the best electric
toothbrush on the market it's a fraction
of the cost of bulkier brushes while
still packing just the right amounts of
vibration to help clean your teeth quips
built-in timer helps you clean for the
dentist recommended two minutes with
guiding pulses that remind you when to
switch sides
next equipped subscription plans are for
your health not just convenience they
deliver new brush heads on a dentist
recommended schedule every three months
for just five bucks including free
shipping worldwide finally everyone
loves quip they were on Oprah's olace
they were named one of Times best
inventions and they are the first
subscription electric toothbrush
accepted by the American Dental
Association that is for a reason
it is awesome stuff quip starts just 25
bucks if you go to get quip comm slash
capiro right now you get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush again first refill pack free
at get equipped comm slash Shapiro
that's get quip comm slash app hero so
with the news cycle like this I will say
it is very difficult to take off a
couple of days and then jump right back
into the news cycle I jumped back into
the news cycle yesterday last last night
to find
we are apparently just a couple of days
away from the actual vote on Brett
Kavanaugh that's what Mitch McConnell
said this morning the Senate Majority
Leader says we will be voting on
Kavanagh in the full Senate by the end
of the week the FBI report is expected
to wrap today or tomorrow at the very
latest and the FBI is basically saying
we've got nothing right we've come up
with nakhre they've come up with nothing
new now that doesn't mean the Democrats
are going to accept the FBI report of
course not an allegation about a
Republican is tantamount to the
allegation being true according to folks
on the Left which we'll get to in just a
second according to The Wall Street
Journal though people familiar with the
process said on Tuesday that the FBI
investigation into the allegations of
sexual misconduct against Judge
Cavanaugh could wrap up very soon well
ahead of the end of week deadline which
we hope for and pray for us that we
don't have to spend this weekend
covering breaking news again GOP aides
on the hill and another person familiar
with the process said they were
expecting the bureau to conclude its
report as late as late Tuesday or early
Wednesday agents had interviewed at
least four people as of Tuesday in the
background investigation of Judge
Cavanaugh the White House had given the
bureau until Friday to wrap up the probe
senators will be shown the FBI's
findings it's not clear what exactly
will be made public at any point suffice
it to say it's not expected that
anything groundbreaking will happen here
and there's a reason the Mitch McConnell
is going off on the Democrats over all
of this the Senate Majority Leader he
comes forward he says listen all of this
was a stall tactic all this was a delay
tactic Democrats who had no intention of
voting for Brett Kavanaugh in the first
place are suddenly acting all outraged
that the FBI investigation is wrapping
too soon when they knew it would wrap
that soon because the FBI investigation
actually has less investigative power
than the Senate Judiciary Committee they
can't subpoena documents they can't
subpoena witnesses it's not a criminal
investigation so that means they can go
and ask people to talk to them and they
talk to the people they can talk to but
Democrats are whining anyway here's
Mitch McConnell saying listen we're not
gonna hold this sucker up any longer
we're done here these statements remind
us Democrats may be trying to move the
goalposts every five minutes but their
goal has not moved an inch they will not
be satisfied unless they have brought
down Judge Cavanaugh's nomination and
you can tell Mitch McConnell mean that
is that is cocaine Mitch amped up
there I mean cocaine brilli I'm in that
that's seriously what Mitch McConnell
looks like when he is angry and empty
not a joke
and there's a reason Republicans are
unified on this one and it's because
this feels like a witch-hunt this feels
as though the Democrats are fully intent
on destroying a good man simply for the
sake of delaying a Supreme Court
nomination and the Democrats I will say
there are certain times in American
politics that are very difficult to
watch this is one of those times because
things are so ugly and so acrimonious
and so nasty right now that you find
yourself fulminating about it even when
you don't want to think about politics
the idea that somebody can be railroaded
on one allegation with no corroborate of
evidence and as we will see a lot of
evidence that cuts the other way and
that this is supposed to finish people's
lives if you're a good person you should
be thinking twice about whether this is
the society that you actually want to
live in do you want the possibility that
someone can come forward with an
allegation against you at any time and
destroy you good people will not go into
American public life they won't really
they won't a lot of folks ask me if I
ever want to run for office I will tell
you this ten years ago I was much more
interested in running for office than I
am now and one of the reasons is because
the way people are treated when they run
for office or are on the judiciary or in
in good stead making policy that is not
something you want to put your family
through even if you're as clean as the
driven snow it's not something you want
to put your family through it's also by
the same token well it's difficult to
watch all of this it's also clarifying
and the idea that the bail is being
stripped back and you're seeing people
for who they are one of the people who
we saw who he was over the last several
days and I had to comment on this
because I missed the opportunity to on
Monday was James Comey so Jim's call me
who was touted as the most honest man in
American politics he he lived for a
higher loyalty right he's a higher
loyalty James Comey the FBI director the
president from fired and President Trump
called him a grandstander at the time
and I said President Trump was right to
call him a grandstander and should have
fired immediately upon taking office
well James Comey in the New York Times
had a piece earlier this week and I want
to read you some of the piece because it
sets the baseline for where Democrats
and where folks on the Left were going
with Kavanagh and now it turns out that
none of this is going to come true so
James Comey had a piece earlier this
week and
it was called the FBI can do this and so
the FBI is back in the middle of it when
we were handed the Hillary Clinton email
investigation in 2015 the bureau's
deputy director said to me you know you
are totally screwed right he meant that
in a viciously polarized political
environment one side was sure to be
furious with the outcome sure enough I
saw a tweet declaring me a political
hack
although the author added
tongue-in-cheek I just can't figure out
which side and those were the good old
days president Trump's decision to order
a one-week investigation into sexual
assault allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh his Supreme Court nominee
comes in a time of almost indescribable
pain and anger lies and attacks and he
goes on talks about how terrible the
President of the United States is and
then finally he gets to Brett Kavanaugh
and he suggests that the time-bound
nature of the FBI investigation is
really bad because of course Democrats
felt on the left they don't want
Kavanagh nominated the whole goal of
this investigation the whole goal of
democratic tactics here is to stall
beyond the election that's all they want
now it turns out this is backfiring
radically I will get to the polls in
just a minute
Republicans have not been as unified and
motivated since the 2016 election and
probably since 2010 it's been a long
time since I've seen Republicans this
motivated this unified and that's ready
to go to the polls it's pretty
astonishing but here's the chance Comey
says he says the FBI is now being asked
to investigate on a 7 day clock sexual
assaults that the president says never
happened that some senators have decried
as a sham cooked up to derail a Supreme
Court nominee and that other senators
believe beyond all doubt were committed
by the nominee if truth were the only
goal there would be no clock and the
investigation wouldn't have been sought
after the Senate Judiciary Committee
already endorsed the nominee instead it
seems the Republican goal is to be able
to say there was an investigation and it
didn't change their view while the
Democrats hoped for incriminating
evidence to derail the nominee well no
the Republicans didn't ask for an FBI
investigation because there had already
been six FBI background checks of Brett
Kavanaugh none of them in raised
anything and the Senate Judiciary
Committee as mentioned has more
investigative power than the FBI they
went ahead with this because Jeff Flake
felt that maybe this would make some of
the senators sitting on the fence a
little bit more comfortable but James
Comey continues he says although the
process is deeply flawed and apparently
designed to thwart the fact gathering
process the FBI is up for this it's not
as hard as Republicans hope it will be
FBI agents are experts at interviewing
people and quickly to
leads to their colleagues around the
world to follow with additional
interviews
unless limited in some way by the Trump
administration they can speak to scores
of people in a few days if necessary
they will confront people with testimony
and other accounts testing them pushing
them in a professional way
agents have much better nonsense
detectors than partisans because they
aren't starting with a conclusion this
is the best part yes
the alleged incident occurred 36 years
ago but FBI agents know time has very
little to do with memory and this is
what is the former FBI director saying
the time has very little to do with
memory that is an insane statement that
is insane scientific evidence proves
that memory has nearly everything to do
with time that the further something is
in the past the worse you remember it
you may think you remember something
clearly the truth is you probably don't
I love this from James Comey says FBI
agents know every married person
remembers the weather on their wedding
day no matter how long ago significance
drives memory they also know that little
lies point to bigger lies they know that
obvious lies by the nominee about the
meaning of words in a yearbook are a
flashing signal to dig deeper so James
Comey already condemning Kavanagh as a
liar even though Cavanaugh actually
hadn't lied about anything and there's
no proof Kavanagh lied about anything
we'll get to that in just a second but I
love this comment he says that FBI
agents know that time has little to do
with memory and that significance drives
memory because everybody remembers what
the weather was like on their wedding
day first of all the reason you remember
anything on your wedding day is because
there was a photographer there taking
pictures of the whole thing and then you
go back and you look at the pictures of
your wedding day and that is what you
call an aid to memory second of all if
his argument is that everyone knows what
the weather was like on their wedding
day then why doesn't Christine blazed
before remember where it happened when
it happened what the weather was like on
that day who drove her there who drove
her home who else was at the party she
doesn't remember anything
so significance drives memory then why
exactly doesn't she remember anything
about what happened except supposedly
the Brett Kavanaugh was there so all of
this is completely self-defeating it's
just
but James Comey you know acting as the
supposed good guy in the room the
objective observer in the room is
already inciting Brett Kavanaugh without
even recognizing that his own words
basically undercut the testimony of
Christine Blasi Ford this is where we
are people who are purport
to be objective are just falsifying
people who are purporting to be
objective on this instead of saying we
don't have enough information yet
already did beginning of the week they
were saying the Kavanagh is guilty and
that was the expectation the Kavanagh
was going to be guilty and that no
matter what happened we could be assured
that something would arise they would
stop Brett Cavanaugh's nomination
instead as it turns out there's some
evidence that is now arising suggesting
that Christine Blasi Ford has lied and
lied repeatedly now these are
uncorroborated allegations of lies from
Christine blaze before but no more
uncorroborated than Ford's testimony
itself so the same people who are saying
that the testimony that's now been given
put forth about Christine Blasi Ford the
same people saying that that's
uncorroborated stuff are perfectly fine
with her uncorroborated testimony
destroying Brett Kavanaugh so either you
want evidence corroborated or you don't
want evidence corroborated you don't get
to pick and choose you don't get to say
the Bret cabinet should be taken down on
the basis of uncorroborated allegations
but Christine Blasi Ford testimony
should be respected until it is
disproved by corroborated allegations
either corroborate of evidence is
necessary or corroborate of evidence is
not necessary we'll get to the holes in
christine blazing ford's story in just
one second but first let's talk about
how you can save money so these days as
you may have noticed it's pretty tough
to get people to agree on anything but
there's one thing we can all get behind
and that is saving the DOE
honey is a free shopping tool that
automatically searches the internet for
the best promo codes every single time
you buy something online
honey believes everyone deserves the
best prices possible on all of the
things they like which is why honey
works on all your favorite sites Amazon
eBay j.crew Walmart Best Buy Groupon all
of them in fact honey has already saved
listeners of this podcast an average of
$26 and 34 cents that's how many
listeners of this podcast have used
honey and how much money they're saving
you know over on Amazon I shop on Amazon
all the time the other day I bought a
series of books from Amazon and because
of and because of honey I was able to
get a discount on the books Amazon is
just that good and so is honey right if
it weren't for honey I would be getting
a more expensive deal I buy stuff from
Amazon all the time honey helps me early
every time I shop honey has 10 million
members over a hundred thousand five
star reviews honey is the money saving
shopping tool everybody can agree on get
honey for free at join honey calm slash
Ben that's join honey calm slash Ben
honey is the easiest way to save money
while shopping online again go to
join honey calm / Ben to check it out
okay so here is the bad news for
Christine Blasi Ford there's a letter
that is now out from Christine blaze
ephors ex-boyfriend and this letter is
not good for Christine lazy Ford is a
state it is a statement given under
penalty of perjury so if the person's
lying then they could be brought up on
charges and here's what it says this was
turned over to Fox News I blank I'm a
current resident of California I first
met Christine Blasi now dr. Christine
Blasi Ford in 1989 or 1990 in California
from 1990 to 1991 I was just friends
with Ford from approximately 1992 to
1998 I was in a relationship with dr.
Ford
I found her truthful and maintained no
animus towards her during our time
dating dr. Ford never brought up
anything regarding her experience as a
victim of sexual assault harassment or
mr. conduct dr. Ford never mentioned
Brett Kavanaugh during some of the time
we were dating dr. Ford lived with
Monica Elle McLean who I understood to
be her lifelong best friend during that
time it was my understanding that McLean
was interviewing for jobs with the FBI
and US Attorney's office I witness dr.
Ford helped McLean prepare for a
potential polygraph exam dr. Ford
explained in detail what to expect how
polygraphs worked and helped McLean
become familiar and less nervous about
the exam dr. Ford was able to help
because of her background in psychology
dr. Ford and I lived together while we
were dating and stayed together in a
long-distance relationship when dr. Ford
moved to Hawaii sometime around 1998
although I'm not sure of the particular
year and it might have been a bit
earlier or later
well visiting Ford in Hawaii we traveled
around the Hawaiian Islands including
one time on a propeller plane dr. Ford
never indicated a fear of flying to the
best of my recollection dr. Ford never
