it's fight night at the White House
President Trump Joe Biden going mano y
mano + Mark Zuckerberg this week just
got worse and Republicans struggled to
pass their big omnibus spending bill
will go through all of this stuff and an
exclusive interview with Speaker of the
House Paul Ryan I'm Ben Shapiro this is
Ben Shapiro show
so indeed yesterday we were in
Washington DC we had a great time we got
to go to see all of the sights from the
inside we got to meet with speaker Ryan
will have our exclusive interview with
speaker Ryan a little bit later in the
program so which I'm very much looking
forward to showing you because it was it
was a lot of fun we didn't talk a lot
actually about kind of day-to-day
politics we talked more about broad
things that he should be doing in
Congress to change the nature of
government which i think is a little
more important because we talked to a
today pahala fix it on the show we'll
get to all of that plus the greatest
story of the last two years maybe maybe
it's pretty great
we'll get to that and just one second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriot supply so
right now does it feel like the world
may be about to end well it might be you
know maybe there's a natural disaster
coming your way or maybe there's going
to be a North Korean sneak nuclear
attack probably the natural disasters
more likely in either case you need to
protect your family with an emergency
food supply and you can do it with the
experts at my Patriot supply this is the
week to build a foundation of safety
today you can get this ben shapiro
special offer from my Patriot supply by
one four week emergency food kit for
only a hundred and ninety eight dollars
and you get one free so Buy It Again a
four week emergency food kit for a
hundred ninety eight bucks and you get
one free these kids normally sell for
two hundred seventeen dollars so you're
getting it for about twenty dollars off
you purchase one right now at the low
sale price of one hundred ninety eight
bucks and my Patriot supply sends you an
additional four week food kit for free
so you're getting it for less than half
the price essentially call 888 803 14 13
or order online at prepare with Ben's
calm that's eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or prepare with
Ben calm the kits include breakfast
lunches dinners packed in a rugged
slimline tote this ensures that your
family is safe you buy it you leave it
in the closet you don't have to worry
about it it lasts in storage for twenty
five years and something goes wrong
you're the only one who's prepared go to
prepare with Ben calm there is a
purchase limit of two per order supplies
are limited do it now and we're not
gonna be talking about this amazing
offer anytime again in the air future so
check it out right now prepare with Ben
calm and again get that kit for two
hundred for one hundred ninety eight
bucks and an additional four week food
kit for free when you go to prepare with
Ben dot-com that's prepared with Ben's I
can't make sure that you and your family
are indeed prepared in case of disaster
okay so there is a lot of actual news to
talk about but the most important news
the thing that we all care about the
most is that there's going to be a fight
fight fight fight fight between Joe
Biden the vice president's of the United
States in this corner and
this quarter Donald J macfay strum it's
gonna be so great okay so here's how it
all started so Biden has been trying to
out man from okay Biden understand
something a lot of other politicians
don't you can't actually just fly over
the top of Trump you can't say I'll play
the highroad and he'll play the low road
and we'll be in Scotland before you can
can't actually do that with Trump you
actually have to get down in the mud
with him so Biden gets this and so Biden
speaks Trump's language so there's sort
of weird reverse mirror images of one
another it's like bizarro Trump is Joe
Biden and bizarro Biden is Trump so it's
it's very weird so it starts off clip 13
Joe Biden yesterday saying that he would
have beaten up Trump in high school
which is a real weird thing to say beat
the hell out of the president of United
States says and then he continues this
way so Trump is a fat ugly sob and the
only people who talk like that are the
biggest fattest ugliest sops in the room
funny because you're talking like that
now right now senator Biden and so just
and the or Vice President bite and then
Trump fires back so here's what Trump
tweets just come on this is great stuff
this is a great stuff go out how can you
not love this okay here's anybody trace
back this morning it's so it's so
phenomenal crazy Joe Biden is trying to
act like a tough guy actually he is weak
both mentally and physically and yet he
threatens me for the second time with
physical assault he doesn't know me but
he would go down fast and hard crying
all the way
don't threaten people Joe ok so Joe
Biden had threatened to beat Trump up
actually several months ago saying that
if they got in a fight he would take
down Trump and now you got the President
of the United States imagine this
there's a very funny Twitter account
that takes all of Trump's tweets and
puts them in the format of presidential
statements imagine the presidential
statement like you wake up from a coma
and this is what you see and you're like
Oh Donald Trump is in a fight with wait
don't force the president you treated
that so yeah that's the thing that
and I love it I gotta say I love it
right he's weak both mentally and
physically and yet he threatens me for
the second time with physical assault he
doesn't know me he would go down fast
and hard crying all the way love it fast
and hard crying oh boy
yes and actually so so they're now
booking a fight and the fight will be
booked and we actually have some
training footage of what's been going on
in the run-up to this massive fight I do
a million of these a day so just give me
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh man that's hilarious that's Joe Biden
pumping iron the guys on the phone he's
got like a dumbbell he's pumping iron
then it's Trump from WWE just knocking
people over oh it's so great so I have
volunteered if they do this fight first
of all there's no way this is bad for
America
okay America's already toast when it
comes to our vulgar political culture
we're done okay Donald Trump is the
president Hillary ran Joe Biden is an
idiot he's gonna run a meme a win in
2020 oh my goodness okay so I've Ahlan
tear okay I volunteer I won't I won't
get paid for it
I wanna be the announcer on this okay I
wanna be announcer on this I tweeted out
some of the things that I thought would
happen some people tweeted back some
lines so not all of these lines that
we're about to hear on my own but I do
want to announce this fight I think it
would say on something like this
something like this welcome ladies and
gentlemen to the ruckus in the hospice
the brawl on Geritol the melee over the
jello tray the headlock on Matlock this
is a 12-round bout between 74 year-old
Donald J Trump and 78 year-old Joseph R
Biden fought at the catch weight of 245
pounds Biden has had to drink for
insurers per day to make weight Bernie
Sanders was invited but there was not
enough pudding in the world to ensure
that he reached catch weight let's get
ready to stumble
oh and here we go Trump comes out
jabbing insulin Biden hits him with a
hard left and Trump is spinning dentures
Trump responds the clap to Biden's cheek
he clapped on and Biden clapped off
Biden's gonna feel that in his walk-in
bath tomorrow
Trump's out there looking a little bit
fuzzy out there as fuzzy as a tennis
balls on his Walker and now they're both
down on the mat they're both down on the
mat they are both napping oh and they're
back up again circling each other warily
looking for an opening and boom Trump
just pulled the old reverse mortgage on
Biden and Biden is down Biden is down
he's fallen and he can't get up he's
punching his life alert button oh my
goodness both of them now being carted
off in wheelchairs but to be honest both
of them were carted in in wheelchairs
but still so they would sound something
like that I mean wouldn't that be great
come on come on great for American
politics there's no way this goes wrong
are things incredibly stupid yes things
are incredibly stupid ladies things are
incredibly stupid well in other
stupid news it's time for Congress to
pass another crappy omnibus package so
this is a big omnibus package coming out
Congress is no longer capable they
actually just passing appropriations
bills here is the problem the the
Congress the House of Representatives
will go forward with appropriations
bills they will pass through the normal
appropriations process the way that
you're supposed to do budgets is you are
supposed to fund individual departments
and then you're supposed to send a bill
to the Senate and the Senate is supposed
to fund that individual Department and
the president signs it instead what has
happened because Mitch McConnell does
not have a governing majority in the in
the Senate he has 51 votes but they're
all fractious instead they just slap
everything together in a crap sandwich
with a bill that's two hundred and
twenty two two thousand two hundred and
thirty two pages long and then they give
people 48 hours to read it and say we
got a vote and they put a bunch of good
stuff in there and they put a bunch of
bad stuff in there so some of the good
stuff that is in there okay there is
there is some funding for the wall like
a very very very little bit of funding
for the wall there there you know
there's some things that are being
pushed by sort of the left wing of the
Republican Party there's increased
funding for the child care access means
parents in schools program which means
that parents will have access to
on-campus childcare and the sort of
thing if this is if this is your stuff
if this is the stuff that you like the
the funding is there for the military
this is what Speaker of the House Paul
Ryan has focused on he says that this is
the biggest increase in the military in
15 years the biggest pay raise for our
men and women in uniform in eight years
we need to rebuild our military so
there's an increase in funding for the
military it does a little bit of funding
for the wall it has a little bit of
funding for fighting opioid addiction
and it but and it does not in fact
enshrine daca so this is one of the
things Democrats are saying Democrats
are saying they're gonna vote against
the bill because the bill doesn't
provide full funding for the daca
program to allow people in the country
legally to remain here working legally
but that's because Democrats don't
actually want to deal on daca as I've
been saying for literally years at this
point on this show Democrats want to use
illegal immigration as a hot-button
issue when it comes to the elections but
they don't actually want to solve the
problems for illegal immigrants in fact
Paul Ryan went to the Democrats and he
offered them a really sweetheart deal he
offered them three years of funding for
the wall so 25 billion dollars over
three years for the wall and in exchange
three years of additional funding for
the daca program right we push off the a
con nobody'd get supported
Democrats turned that down flat okay and
they waited until the last minute to do
it and now they'll vote against the bill
saying that Republicans didn't give
enough so Democrats were offered what
they wanted on zakah and would have
brought them past the next presidential
election actually and they turned it
down anyway because they just want to
run on this issue here are some of the
conservative concerns with all this the
freedom clock is the house freedom
caucus has officially opposed the
Omnibus I've spoken to a lot of members
of the house freedom caucus spoken to
several senators who have opposed the
bill Senator Mike Lee in Utah is opposed
to the bill he says it's it's just
unconscionable that Mitch McConnell is
forcing through another one of these
omnibus packages that is essentially a
giant crab sandwich then nobody is going
to read here's what the freedom caucus
says in their statement they say the
policy proposals outlined in this 1.3
trillion dollar spending bill are not
consistent with what we told the
American people we would do when they
sent us to Washington many of the
policies in the bill are in fact the
opposite of what we promised in fact one
of the members of the freedom caucus was
saying to me yesterday that he was
tempted to call this the broken promises
Act of 2018 this bill barely provides
for border security yet continues to
allow federal dollars to flow to
sanctuary cities it also includes the
fix ni CS proposal without including
reciprocity for Americans with concealed
carry licenses something congressional
leadership promised would not happen it
continues to fully fund grants the co 2
Planned Parenthood it makes no changes
to reduce Obamacare's burdensome
regulations on America's families
doesn't get rid of Obamacare regulations
and on top of the massive price tag
leadership is forcing a vote on this
2230 two-page bill in under 36 hours
it's an insult to American taxpayers as
well as many rank-and-file
representatives who had no say in the
omnibus negotiations and the house
freedom caucus coming out
extraordinarily strong against all of
this now will it probably pass anyway
sure because the majority of Republicans
will vote for it and then there will be
a bunch of Democrats who vote for it
because the big omnibus package but
there's a procedural hurdle they have to
jump today it'll be interesting to see
whether they are able to do so because
in order for that procedural hurdle will
be jump every Democrat is gonna jump
against it it's possible that this is
this bill gets voted down and is brought
back for further changes so one of the
things that the freedom caucus talks
about there is the NIV fix an ICS bill
so what exactly is that Jacob solemn
over at Reason magazine says this he
says legislation aimed at improving
background checks for gun buyers may be
included in a must-pass spending bill
Congress is expected to approve tomorrow
or Friday the bill would encourage data
sharing with the FBI's National instant
criminal background check system is
faced a bunch of resistance for a
measure that has broad support some
the resistance is tactical because
Democrats want broader gun control but
there are also substantive concerns
about the bill raised by supporters of
gun rights who worried that it will help
block firearm sales to people who pose
no threat to others I'll explain why in
just a second first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Lending Club
so listen we all need a helping hand
sometime whether it's unexpected repairs
or medical expenses or credit card debt
sometimes you just need a little bit of
money on relatively short notice
well Lending Club gives you access to
low rates on loans up to $40,000 for
almost any purpose right you need a home
loan because you need to hit you need to
make all those home improvements this is
better than going the bank it offers
lower rates and high interest credit
cards then you go to Lending Club com
here's how it works and you enter how
much money you need and you can see if
you are approved in minute and then you
pick the offer that is right for you and
the money can be in your accounts in
just a matter of days it is that simple
they've been working for over 10 years
to help millions of people with over
thirty 1 billion dollars in loans go to
Lending Club COMSOL Ashman you can check
your rate for free Lending Club comm
slash been and will not impact your
credit score as well as Lending Club
comm slash been Lending Club comm slash
been all the loans via Lending Club
these are top-notch products and you get
to choose right it's all about the
choice is up to you
Lending Club comm / been all loans made
by web bank member FDIC Equal Housing
lender check it out again if you're
looking for just that that swing loan
that you need for right now this is a
fantastic way to do it Lending Club com
/ Ben get your loans through Lending
Club again
Lending Club com / Ben lets them know
that we sent you as well and you can
check your credit for free and it
doesn't impact your credit rating you
can check the rates that you receive for
free so what exactly is the problem with
the fixed end ICS program that is
embedded in this bill well Senator
Cornyn from Texas introduced this last
November in response to the Sutherland
Springs shooting Cornyn's bill aims to
prevent the screw-ups that prevented the
sharing of information with the National
instant background check system ok they
would also encourage sharing of local
and state records but for example
senator Lee has due process objections
to the bill he argues that the
Department of Veterans Affairs wrongly
identifies veterans as mental defectives
which disqualifies them from gun
ownerships when they need help managing
their benefits right this was a serious
problem with an executive order that
Obama had tried to put out last year and
it was revoked by President Trump that
executive order was an attempt to
prohibit seniors who had other people do
their finances from owning weapon
well this sort of does the same thing
because the Department of Veterans
Affairs will say that veterans have
mental defective are mentally defective
if they need help managing their
benefits Lee says about 168 thousand
veterans have lost their second
Amendment rights as a result of that
particular policy Lee favors an
amendment requiring a judge to determine
a person's danger to himself or others
so nobody's against more transparency in
the National instant background check
system but the question is what standard
is going to be used to deny people a gun
and that standard does have to be
changed other conservative concerns with
this bill aside from the process aside
from the fact that these omnibus
packages stink that they are garbage and
again I think this is less on speaker
Ryan because the house has consistently
passed appropriations bills and it's
more on on Senator McConnell now listen
it's up to Ryan to pleased McConnell
right he could just tell McConnell
listen Bob you're on your own got it
right do the appropriations process do
what you need to do right and you do
this but he's not he's working with
McConnell bat-channel
this is one of the great intentions that
exists on the hill just was in
Washington DC yesterday my speech of
Georgetown was canceled by actual
snowflakes not like the students by like
actual snow I spend some time talking
with a bunch of congressional staffers
and a bunch of Congress people including
members of the freedom caucus and this
