Republicans are finally on the verge of
a breakthrough president Trump has a
strategy to deal with Robert Mueller the
Democrats are trying to defend Al
Franken and I will have a full and
complete breakdown of star wars complete
with spoilers but don't worry I'll do
that near the end of the show I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh yes I have so many thoughts on the
new Star Wars film I cannot even begin
to explain so many thoughts indeed and I
will get to all of them a little bit
later in the program we will also talk
about president Trump and finally it
seems has the Democrats on their heels
it's the end of the year and Democrats
don't really seem to know quite what to
do we'll talk about all that in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at ring.com so rigs
mission is to make neighborhoods safer
today over a million people use the
amazing ring video doorbell we use it in
our house it is great it helps keep my
house safe one of the reasons is
whenever I'm out of town somebody rings
the doorbell the way people rob homes
typically is they ring the doorbell see
if you're home and then if you're not
they break in I can pick up the ring
from my phone or I can be in the middle
of the the other coast and I can pick up
my phone and I can talk to the person
and make it look like I am at home I can
also activate an alarm if I think that
they're robbing my house this is what
ring does for you and just like they're
amazing doorbell they know how a
floodlight cam and their floodlight
Kevin's a motion-activated camera and
floodlight that connects right to your
phone HD video two-way audio that lets
you know the moment anyone steps on your
property see it and speak to visitors
even set off an alarm right from your
phone with rings floodlight Kim when
things go bump in the night you'll
immediately know what it is whether
you're home or away the ring floodlight
cam lets you keep an eye on your home
from anywhere and right now you can save
up to a hundred and fifty dollars off a
ring of security kit when you go to
ring.com slash pendants rings comm slash
Ben again 150 bucks off that ring up
security kit keeps your family safe
keeps your home safe
great technology a lot of people are
using it now not just me and we've
bought additional ring products for our
home because it's so great ring up
security kit one hundred fifty bucks off
at ring comm / Ben that is ring calm and
slash venues the slash bends they know
that we sent you okay so we begin today
with the with the latest on the Mueller
investigation so it now appears that
Robert Mueller the special investigator
into Trump Russia collusion he's
obtained tens of thousands of Trump
transition emails now you may ask what
exactly do the Trump transition emails
have to do with collusion during the
election cycle the answer of course is
nothing but this is sort of the problem
for the Mueller investigation which
seems to be falling apart pretty quickly
all of the crimes they are now
investigating have to do the secondary
crimes lying to the FBI
maybe transition stuff but nothing to do
with that central contention
right the Trump and the Russians work
together to rig the 2016 elections
against Hillary Clinton this was the
entire motivating factor behind the
investigations in 2016 there's been the
entire reasons I'm across have been so
animated about it now so Special Counsel
Mueller has obtained many tens of
thousands of Trump transition emails
including emails from Jared Kushner
transition team sources told Axios Trump
officials discovered Mueller had the
emails when his prosecutors used them as
the basis for questions to witnesses the
sources said the emails included twelve
accounts one of which contain about
7,000 emails the accounts include the
team's political leadership and foreign
policy team according to the sources
apparently Mueller did this perfectly
legally he went through the GSA the
General Services Administration they
host the transition email system and
they have capacity to read all these
emails the transition emails are
included include sensitive exchanges on
matters that include potential
appointments gossip about the views of
particular senators involved in the
confirmation processes speculation about
vulnerabilities of Trump nominees etc
what does that have to do with collusion
the answer is pretty much nothing and
meanwhile while Mueller is going after
Trump over supposed collusion that we
have no evidence exists we now know that
the Obama administration was colluding
with Russia to help Iran so this is a
story out of Politico European version a
pretty amazing story reported this over
at Daily wire today there's clear
evidence that the Obama administration
colluded with the Russian government to
frame Islamic terrorists responsible for
the deaths of Americans in order to
appease Iran to pave the way for the
Obama administration's 'iron nuclear
deal there's a report from Josh Meyer of
Politico then it reports that a leaf a
god a Lebanese an arms dealer and quote
suspected top cause bola operative whom
agents believed reported to Russian
President Vladimir Putin was captured by
the Czechs in 2014 Fayed had been
incited in the US now you would expect
the Obama administration to move for him
to be extradited correct nothing of the
sort the Obama administration did not
push for extradition instead Fayed ended
up in Lebanon where he's back at his
terrorist work he's particularly active
in supplying weapons to the barbarous
Syrian regime that's not the only thing
the Obama administration did on behalf
of Lebanese terrorists according to the
Politico administration officials also
blocked or undermined their efforts to
go after other top hezbollah operatives
and when project Cassandra agents and
other investigators sought repeatedly to
investigate and prosecute Abdullah Sofia
Dean
Hezbollah's longtime envoy to iran who
may considered the linchpin of hezbollah
as criminal network the Justice
Department refused in other words the
Obama administration was working with
the Russian government to make sure that
there was no crackdown on Hezbollah
because they were afraid it would tick
off the Russians we also know President
Obama was offering flexibility to the
Russians in the middle of the 2012
election saying that he had flexibility
after the election cycle if Putin would
just back off all of his concerns about
missile defense for the moment all of
which is to say there's a lot more
evidence of actual Russian collusion
among the Obama administration members
than there is among the Trump
administration members at this point at
least with regard to elections and even
with regard to policy because it turns
out that even what Mike Flynn was trying
to do ie get Russia to not push a
resolution at the UN condemning Israel
didn't work so the actual evidence of
collusion is basically nil which means
that Trump has the upper hand now in the
investigation apparently Trump is is
pretty sanguine about it there's a
report out today the Trump expects
Mueller to basically clear Trump himself
in the very near future and that's why
Trump said over the weekend he was asked
are you gonna fire Mueller and here was
his answer the president last night
quashed Capitol Hill rumors that he was
poised to fire special counsel Robert
Muller what else
what are you surprised okay so he's
obviously angry at the press for saying
then he's gonna fire Mueller as well he
should be and I think that he's right
when he says you know are you surprised
like guys I know you want me to do it
I'm not gonna do it why should he do it
Mueller's investigation has already been
compromised by the people who are inside
of it
it's already been shown to be at least
in part political or at least there are
those suspicions there's not evidence
that he did anything so why would he
fire Miller why not just wait it out
there's a question I asked on Friday why
not just wait this out and it appears
the president has come to the same
conclusion especially because it appears
the president is now winning on a series
of subjects tax cuts are supposed to be
voted on tomorrow in the House and the
Senate
so we will have a tax reform bill before
Christmas that tax reform bill does
lower taxes for virtually everyone in
the United States including corporations
you may have quibbles with the way that
it's structured I have quibbles with it
too it is a good bill it also gets rid
of the individual mandate as it
currently stands that means you will not
be mandated to buy your crappy Obamacare
program anymore the left says well
that's terrible because now people are
gonna lose their health insurance well
the people losing their health insurance
are people who don't want to buy their
health insurance according to the
Congressional Budget Office so this is a
big win for Trump if this happens it's
sort of partial repeal of Obamacare
included in the tax reform and Trump
obviously is very excited there's a
report out today that the last quarters
growth has been revised upward to almost
four percent of GDP growth which is an
amazing level of growth haven't had that
in years here as President Trump talking
about that yesterday the economy now has
hit 3% nobody thought would be anywhere
close I think we can go to four or five
and maybe even 6% ultimately each
percentage point is two and a half
trillion dollars we are back we're
really going to start to rock we need
this as our final push and you're going
to see some numbers that are great but
most importantly you're going to see
great job numbers jobs are gonna come
pouring back into this country which we
need very much okay so there has been
you know there there having good
quarters before there was a good quarter
in q3 of 2014 for example we've heard
something like five percent but if Trump
has the sustained level of growth he's
gonna do just fine or at least he's
gonna be in better shape and he knows it
he knows it and that's why you're seeing
all the Republicans come out now and say
well let the investigation
Ford who cares just let the
investigation do what the investigation
is gonna do no biggie right GOP senator
Lankford from I believe is from Oklahoma
he comes forward and he says yeah well
there's no reason to attend this
investigation at this point yeah it's
very serious we will have someone inside
what they've got to determine is was he
directing the investigation one way or
the other while he was on the
investigation is that something that can
go back and repair and look and see if
there's any kind of bias that's in it
obviously I don't think it taints the
entire process but it certainly takes
taints that season of it and it's
something you should look at with any
political investigation that he was on
at the time and the good news for
President Trump is that even if the
investigation goes badly for him at this
point it's been so politicized that
there's gonna be a bevy of people who
come out and say this thing is just to
political Jeanine Pirro of course will
lead the way on Fox News
she says that the FBI agents involved
should be jailed now this is over the
top but it's also the angle a lot of
people are gonna take no matter how this
investigation goes it all started when
Cardinal Comey destroyed our FBI with
political hacks to set events in motion
to destroy the Republic because they
didn't like the man we chose to be our
president well it's time to take them
out in cups okay so this is obviously
over the top from Jeanine Pirro but
there will be a lot of people who do who
do sort of say this right who move in
this direction and Trump knows it so
Trump has the upper hand now he has the
upper hand on policy it's the end of the
year and it appears he's actually to get
some things done he knows the
investigation doesn't seem like it's
going anywhere and so the Democrats are
panicked in a second I'm gonna talk
about the insane media bias being
exhibited in pursuit of President Trump
and it really is insane and how they're
they're exploding all over themselves
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at thrive market so I'm
somebody who believe it or not likes to
eat healthy now that doesn't mean I
enjoy healthy food very often I don't or
at least I didn't until I started using
thrive market so thrive market not only
has the best organic food the best
organic kosher vegan food they also have
it cheaper than anyplace else with one
click of a button you can sort thrive
markets catalog by 90 values based on
your dietary needs from vegan
gluten-free paleo non-gmo and yes
kosher they cut out the middleman for
the first time in history you don't have
to go to Whole Foods and and stand in
line and pay expensive prices you don't
have to worry about driving
that Prius guy who won't get out of the
way in the parking lot with the gore
bumper sticker from mm all you're gonna
have to do is go online to thrive market
and get your favorite products less
expensive and just as good right or
better then you would at your local
health food store they also have a hyper
curated catalogue so instead of going to
your local health food store and finding
fifteen super expensive almond butters
now at thrive market they do their
homework for you they pick the three or
four best almond butters on thrive
market and you know its source from the
best of the best ingredients at the most
affordable prices
they also have supplements protein
powders and more right all of the things
that you don't like to use if you like
to exercise a lot as I do you can you're
spending up to fifty percent more on
top-notch organic products for me it
makes a lot of sense because again I
keep kosher so this means I can actually
eat from their catalogue for all my
listeners my friends at thrive market
are now offering you 60 bucks of free
groceries plus free shipping and a
30-day free trial so it's an awesome
deal that's equivalent to a bunch a
bunch of organic products I mean a bunch
of vegan kosher healthy product $60 of
free groceries plus free shipping and a
30-day free trial all for switching to
thrive market for your online grocery
needs keep in mind thrash prices are
already twenty five to fifty percent
below retail and now they're offering
you that extra sixty bucks of free
groceries it's are pretty awesome deal
go to thrive market calm slash Shapiro
to get your instant 60 bucks of free
groceries
again that's thrive market calm slash up
hero to get that instant 60 bucks of
free groceries thrive market dot-com
slash Shapiro I mean that's an amazing
offer 60 bucks of free groceries and
free shipping and a 30-day free trial
that's as good as it can be check it out
again thrive market calm / appear use
that slash up hero so they know that we
sell okay so the media are beginning to
pick up on the fact that President Trump
actually is in not terrible shape
going into 2018 now the Congress the
Congress could be in terrible shape
going into 2018 and Trump could be in
good shape
right and this is sort of the problem
that you're seeing for president Trump
is true for President Obama also so
Trump tweeted out this morning that you
shouldn't you shouldn't take
congressional losses as a referendum on
him right here's what he said remember
Republicans are five and no in
congressional races this year well
doesn't count Senate races the media
refuses to mention this I said go
lesbian more would lose for very
different reasons and they did I also
predicted I would win I don't know why
eyes and scare quotes there again the
president needs a remedial course on
scare quotes Republicans will do well in
2018 very well and so I mean number one
I guess this is a prediction that we can
now take to the bank
because he's good at predicting things
as the president but this idea that
Congress is gonna go well because Trump
is going well is not really accurate
that said Trump's accomplishments this
year are greater than they appeared like
they were going to be safe three months
ago right not only do we have gore since
we've have twelve appellate court
nominees who have been confirmed we have
a tax bill that looks like it's gonna go
through repeal of the individual mandate
on foreign policy the movement of the
embassy to Jerusalem the kickback
against the Iran nuclear deal the
president is moving I mean there's no
question that the Trump and Congress
aren't moving they're moving slower than
I would like this is their their first
real major legislative accomplishment
will be this tax reform but it is a
major accomplishment for him and he
needs it badly right now the poll on the
on the tax bills are not great right
there's a new Monmouth poll out today
showing 26% approve 47% disapprove 50%
think their own taxes will go up versus
14% we stay down you know why that is
that's because of the media and this is
why when President Trump groups the
media I think that would be wonderful
or the president would stick to the
facts because there are so many reasons
to dislike how the media cover these
things the media is suggesting that
people's taxes are going to go up is
insane factually speaking the vast
majority of human beings in the United
States would get a tax cut the media
keeps saying this is skewed toward the
wealthy well what do you expect non
wealthy people don't pay taxes in the
United States in fact is middle class
upper class people those are the people
play taxes and by and large it's upper
class people who pay taxes people who
don't make a lot of money do not pay
income tax in the United States so you
think they're gonna get a major tax
break but all this business information
does have an impact but what's amazing
about this is the media do not
understand why their credibility is
going down now the media have basically
expended their credibility to get Trump
this is the trade they've been willing
to make they're going to go out on a
limb and say untrue things plainly
untrue things in an effort to stop
President Trump and then they're
surprised when no one takes them
seriously and they're angry that Fox
continues to dominate the ratings and
they continue to call Fox
again a network brian Stelter on CNN
yesterday for example he says yo Fox
they talk like propagandists over at Fox
so like a propaganda network Kurt what
is going on here well I think you're
seeing exactly that Fox News has
basically become de facto state-run
propaganda it's at state controlled
state-run television that is beginning
excuse directly from the White House I
don't know how anyone can look at what's
going on right now and not reach that
termination Trump is not as if the White
House is literally running Fox are you
saying they are well if you look at the
coverage it seems like they are they
have gone so far Jim I remember the days
Brian when what you saw on pages like
