it's a Monday which means even more
sexual harassment scandals Plus
president Trump enters upon a category-5
tweet storm and we'll talk a little
Federalist Papers - I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show it's
Thanksgiving week yeah we made it we're
almost there guys we're almost to the
end of the year Thanksgiving is coming
up of course on Thursday and I know
we're doing a video here about things
that I'm thankful for yes I your humble
host I'm actually thankful for some
things unbelievably enough we'll tell
you about that a little bit later this
week but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at texture so
particularly in this day and age
magazines are actually vital reading if
you were looking at The New Yorker this
this last couple of weeks it was the New
Yorker that exposed the Harvey Weinstein
scandals run in Pharos terrific work
over there that did that Vanity Fair has
been doing some very good reporting
there's some very good reporting in the
in the recent past from the Atlantic all
these magazines are very expensive you
get them on your own but if you get the
texture app then you can read all the
articles from all these magazines for
$9.99 a month they deliver unlimited
access to over 200 premium magazines and
right now you can try texture for free
and the texture app is available on your
phone it's available on your iPad again
you can call you can try it right now
for free
start your texture free trial go to
texture comm slash Ben and then if you
choose to continue my podcast listeners
will get texture for just $9.99 a month
that's 30% off they're listed price so
30% off the list price that only applies
if you are a Shapiro show listener and
use texture comm slash Ben
there are also great gift options
available for the holiday season so it
makes a terrific Christmas gift as well
textures complex gonna start your free
trial today
again magazines are doing a lot of the
best investigative journalism in the
business I'm have to subscribe to a
bunch of them separately or at least I
did until I started using the texture
app that I can actually do my own job
when you're an addict for information
texture comm is the place to go to
texture comm slash Ben download the app
and make sure that you can read all the
material you want to read texture comm
slash Ben you get a free trial and then
if you continue you got 30% off that
listed price in $9.99 a month for two
hundred magazines which is pretty
amazing plus their back issues so really
great stuff okay so it'll begin today
with the with some breaking news this
from the New York Times so the New York
Times is now suspended
famed reporter Glen thrush over
allegations of
sexual harassment so what makes this
sort of interesting is that thrush is
one of these guys who's been virtually
signaling about sexual harassment for
quite a while and he posted a facebook
note just a couple of weeks ago blasting
political journalist Mark Halperin over
allegations of sexual misconduct against
young female journalists he stated quote
young people who come into a newsroom
deserve to be taught our trade given our
support and enlisted in our calling not
betrayed by little men who believe they
are bigger than the mission only one
problem it turns out that the married
thrush apparently has a bad habit of
getting sloshed with younger female
journalists and then coming on to them
in one instance a 20-something young
reporter was so upset by such an alleged
incident that she told her friend who
texted with Rush vas reports quote three
young women I interviewed including the
young woman who met thrush in June
describes me a range of similar
experiences from unwanted groping and
kissing to wet kisses out of nowhere too
hazy sexual encounters that played out
under the influence of alcohol each
woman described feeling differently
about these experiences scared violated
ashamed weirded out I was an M angry
details of their story suggests a
pattern all of the women were in their
20s at the time their relatively early
in their careers compared to thrush
who was the kind of seasoned journalist
would be good to know at an event with
alcohol he made advances afterward they
as I did that the columnist here is
actually one of the people thrush came
onto thought it best to stand to terms
with Rush whatever their feelings so
there's a lot of this going around in
Hollywood in journalism in politics
where something bad happens and women
don't say anything because they're
afraid it's gonna ruin their career
they're afraid there's gonna be blowback
from inside the establishment and that's
not a irrelevant fear it's happened to a
lot of women in Hollywood it's happened
to a lot of women in journalism the
woman in the story the writer of the
story woman Laura McGann just five years
ago thrush quote slid into my side of
the booth blocking me in I was wearing a
skirt and he put his hand on my thigh he
started kissing me I pulled myself
together and got out of there shoving
him on my way out and apparently thrush
then told the entire newsroom that
McGann had come on to him not the other
way around McGann told her seniors at
Politico who apparently did nothing
thrush now says he doesn't drink anymore
and that he has quote done things I am
ashamed of actions I have brought great
hurt to my friends and family I'm
working hard to repair the damage that
I've done the New York Times has
suspended thrush pending an
investigation there are a bunch of
things that need to be asked here that I
think worth while asking the first
question that's worthwhile asking is the
entire journalistic community that's
coming down on politicians in Hollywood
how many of them are Gil
of the same sort of conduct it now seems
that this sort of conduct is common
across the board particularly in
high-profile industries I'm not sure
that it's happening as much in sort of
typical business in typical business
areas because you can switch businesses
relatively quickly but if you're in a
specialized industry like the journalism
or Hollywood where Fame matters then I
feel like the the rates of this are much
higher which creates this sense of
hypocrisy all these people who claim to
be feminists who are going out there and
sexually harassing or abusing the people
who are who are trying to make their way
in the world Halperin is is the first
one obviously from Politico and now you
see Glenn thrush
he was working over at Politico now at
the New York Times pretty astonishing
stuff the other thing that happens is
you see some of these accounts but it's
hard to put your finger on where exactly
can you say the sin has now taken place
the reason being that it seems like a
bit of a moving target so in thrush a
situation there a bunch of stories in
this box in this box piece in which
thrush would get drunk with a female
colleague and then he would go in for a
kiss or he'd kiss her and then she would
get up tight and walk away is that full
on sexual assault is that like Al
Franken grabbing a woman's breasts while
she's sleeping is that the equivalent of
Roy Moore going after a 14 year old like
there seemed to be gradations here that
everybody is ignoring in the in the rush
to throw everyone out now I'm ok with
throwing everyone out so long as we have
a consistent standard for how we apply
this one of the ways that you could tell
that Glen thrush was a creep and that
you could say if these stories are
correct one of the ways that in the old
flurb traditionalist morality that we
could easily say Glenn thrushes a creep
is Glen thrush is married and Glen
thrush is trying to make out with women
not his wife right that would be the
hard line in 1945 the married guy tried
to make out with a woman who is not his
wife we would all go that guy's gross
but now thanks to the sexual revolution
we're supposed to assume that that's
totally fine unless she doesn't consent
but consent is a murky area in the sense
that sometimes I mean there's one case
where the woman says she went back to
her hotel with Glen thrush they were
both drunk she was partially unclothed
she decided she'd want to go any further
and he left and then she says I don't
feel like I was sexually exploited or
abused but there she is in the story
anyway so is that a situation of sexual
abuse or exploitation is the power
dynamic that makes it bad because we
were told back in 1998
nothing to the power dynamic stuff when
Bill Clinton was shtupping his secretary
so what exactly is the thing that makes
it bad so it used to be there are some
pretty bright lines as to what made
things bad the brightest line of course
was don't have sex until you're married
right that was the brightest line it was
now some people didn't a lot of people
didn't keep that line but I'll tell you
what they did keep was getting married
after they got pregnant so it is some
fascinating sort of historical
statistics even colonial era America I
think it was something like one-third of
all babies born in colonial era America
were born before nine months - a married
couple meaning that somebody got knocked
up and then they got married but because
marriage was the standard this meant
that we at least had some area where if
you walk past this line we know that you
just did something wrong some objective
view right something that doesn't rely
on the subjective sense of what the
people involved are saying now there are
certain cases that clearly don't write
clearly rape does not involve a gray a
gray area right there's no gray area
with regard to rape certainly you know a
guy walk up to a girl and just ramming
his tongue down her throat that's
obviously sexual assault and that does
not apply a gray area but where two
people are drunken they start making out
and then the girl says no and the guy
walks away you know this is where you
get into dicey territory particularly in
title nine cases on campus where a guy
and a girl get drunk they've been told
that they can be a sexually libidinous
as they want to be and then they go to
bed together and then three days later
the girl says that she was sexually
exploited or raped what we need are some
objective measures this is not to say
the girl wasn't sexually exploited right
maybe she was but we need some sort of
objective measures that we as a society
can take a look at and say this is
really bad behavior in this case one of
the things that makes it relatively easy
is that we are still using we don't want
to admit it to ourselves but we are
still using the old concepts right in
our sexually in our sexually permissive
society we like to pretend that we're
not using old concepts here but the fact
is if Glenn thrush for a single man who
are the same age as the women he was
drinking with he'd be being treated very
differently than a 50 year old guy who's
going after 20-somethings while he's
married we're still using traditional
sexual concepts even when we don't want
to admit it that's one of the things
that's so funny about so much of leftist
perspective on these sorts of issues is
that they attempt to break with
traditional concepts of sexual mores
they try to say that those things are
hackneyed and stupid and we need to
leave those behind they trying to say
that Mike Pence is a crazy man for not
wanting to dine alone women with women
not his wife how could he it's terrible
and awful and yet as soon as somebody
does
something like this we immediately
revert back to traditional sexual mores
right there using my standard now right
this is more my standard I look at Glen
thrush and I say this is gross how dare
he that's my standard okay I mean I was
famous until I was 24 years old for as
the virgin been right because I used to
advocate publicly and still do for
virginity until marriage their holding
by my standard now the left is now
holding by my standard that a man should
not touch a woman unless they are unless
they're married essentially that a man
should not touch a woman unless he has
explicit permission from the woman that
drunken revelry 'he's that go wrong
right are a bad thing
now the left comes at it from the from
the angle of radical subjectivity and
this is where you get into dicey
territory because when I say radical
subjectivity I mean that the situation
can be exactly the same way as in
exactly the same and if the woman
perceives it differently than the man
and it's reasonable to perceive it
either way we have to take the woman's
word for her perception that's dangerous
territory because what is the man
supposed to expect so what we decided to
do instead is become puritanical about
sex from the left right this is why you
have no means no rules in places like
California on campus where you're
basically supposed to have a signed
checklist before every aspect of sex
like every single can I touch your arm
now can I touch your leg now you're
supposed to actually ask before every
single one of these things which has
never happened in the history of sex the
left hit though because the left refused
to dry and clear lines now they have to
fall back on drawing new lines that are
both unclear and over restrictive now
this is not to defend Glen thrush I
think Glen thrushes obviously sounds
like a scuzzbag but it is to show that
the vagary that the left has created
with regard to the sexual revolution has
not been of benefit to women in many
cases it's actually been of damage to
women and this is why I think because
these lines are not clear I think it's
it's so obvious that men are will men
use the bad men will use the the
vagueness of the lines in order to cross
the lines that no one would want them to
cross bad men will use the fact that
things are vague to suggest well you
know maybe it wasn't like totally
consensual it was kind of consensual
wasn't it
right so in that category Falls for
example Russell Simmons and Brett Ratner
according to women and carry Klaus and
colleague carry Klaus and colleague E is
a model and she told the LA Times in a
Sunday report that she met Russell
Simmons and Brett and Brett Ratner at a
casting call in 1991 when she was 17 she
said they brought her over to Simmons
his house to show her a music
they were working on and that's when the
music mogul started to pull off her
clothes I looked over at Brennan said
help me and I'll never forget the look
on his face she said in that moment the
realization fell on me that they were in
it together
she says that Russell Simmons tried to
have intercourse but she resisted and he
ended up forcing oral sex colleague he
said she tried to take a shower because
she felt disgusting and there Simmons
essentially raped her penetrate her
without permission
she claims have told at least three
people about this incident so these guys
should go to jail right if this is what
happened these guys should go to jail
obviously the question is and what was
in Russell Simmons his mind that he
thought that this was okay so Radner and
Simmons say quote everything that
occurred between Kari and me was
consensual right everything that was
consensual
so there's two ways of reading that one
is that they just have completely
different accounts of the situation in
one of them is lying and the other is
that there is this weird gray area that
now exists with regard to consent where
if a guy pushes a girl hard enough and
then she says yes for a moment she feels
like she's been violated because she has
been violated from her point of view but
the guy doesn't feel like he's been
violated because he's achieved the
cherish yes even by using all sorts of
exploitative methods now again if you
had some clear lines about sexual
activity all of this would become
obsolete you don't have to do any of
this
you'd say Russell Simmons invited a 17
year old girl to his house and then had
sex with her or tried to force her into
sex
that's gross not just because of the
consent issue but because Russell
Simmons much older guy there's a the
this is this is just you know deep down
that this is immoral activity I don't
know if it is Russell Simmons married
you might be I don't know the answer to
that but in any case clear lines the
left likes to say that clear lines are
over broad but the problem is that the
left left draws its own lines that are
over broad to whenever it comes to lines
regarding sexual behavior you're going
to catch up some people who are really
not supposed to be in that category the
question is whether there can be any
clear conviction that something is wrong
or not we on the right you know
traditional more out of moralist we have
a pretty idea of what's right what's
wrong when it comes to sexual activity
the left has no such ideas this leads to
a fair bit of confusion and I know that
a bunch of people on the left will
listen to the show and they're saying
well my value is consent the point I'm
making is that when it comes to sexual
activity there's a lot of vagueness
regarding consent there is they just
said let's be completely honest about
this okay the the notion that when
people have sex and they I'm not saying
normatively normatively would be
if they're a completely if there is
complete if there's complete
transparency with regard to consent but
in the real world of sexual
relationships there is not always this
clear consent relationship there just
isn't I mean if you how many times do
you see movies where a guy will be
badgering a woman and she's saying no no
no no no and it turns into yes right
there this is it that's not an excuse
for the guy to keep pushing it isn't
that's not what I'm saying the point
that I'm making is we have a culture
that constantly says that women want it
I mean it's the entire music culture
with a movie culture that says that
women want it we have an entire culture
of film that says that half the time
when women say no what they really mean
is yes and we have an entire feminist
movement that spent 40 years trying to
convince women there was just as
libidinous as men and that consent can
be had under any circumstances there's a
lot of murky area here and now the left
is trying to claim that it's black and
white well I want it to be black and
white I have rules I want to know what
the left's specific rules are and I want
to know what their turned their their
specific definition of consent looks
like so we can all apply and we can
determine whether it is correct or not
by the way I'm on the side of all of
these women by the way who say that they
were that they did not consent to these
relationships because again I'm the
prude right I'm the prude I think it's
wrong for guys to ram their tongues down
woman's throat I think it's wrong for
Glen thrush to go drinking with women
and then make out with them without
their permission even if the woman says
that she's totally into it for the first
five minutes and then she says no I
