Samantha bee does not apologize
president Trump pardons a drug
trafficker at Kim Kardashian's behest
and the molar Probie puddles and unfolds
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
well the lot to get to today I have a
bunch of announcements that I need to
make right here up top first of all our
events are happening in August they're
happening in Dallas and they are
happening in Phoenix and you should go
check out the tickets right now in
Dallas and Phoenix over at Daley
wired.com slash events the tickets are
going fast we're almost sold out I
believe it in Dallas and we are
approaching almost sold out in Phoenix
so check that out right now at Daley
wired.com slash events again the tickets
are available daily where dot-com slash
bands also we are doing a father to stay
live streams we are doing that Tuesday
June 12th 7:00 p.m. Eastern
Jeremy boring the daily where God came
will host a roundtable discussion with
me Andrew Clavin and Michael nose will
sit there and say nothing the whole time
but be paid handsomely for it we'll
discuss what fatherhood means even
though Michael isn't the father and
we'll discuss why father's matter how
fatherhood will stand up against an
increasingly male culture and if you're
a subscriber you can write questions to
us at Daley wire.com you go and you
follow you type it into the chat window
and we will pick up those questions
again that is Tuesday June 12th 7:00
p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific you can find
our special live stream on Facebook and
YouTube so make sure that you do not
miss it okay before we get to the news
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at blinds.com so there's
one part of your house that you probably
haven't thought very much about but it
makes a huge difference in terms of what
your home actually looks like and that
of course is the stuff that's covering
your windows that's just the old garbage
that the person three owners ago had or
the or the apartment owner who is
renting to you has instead of that stuff
you should have really nice stuff on
your windows it really upgrades the look
of your apartment or of your home and
picking out this stuff is actually kind
of difficult which is why you need to go
over to my friends at blinds.com they
make it really easy for you if you're
not sure what you want or even where to
start go to blinds comm and you get a
free online design consultation you can
send them pictures of your home and they
send back custom recommendations from a
professional for what will work with
your color scheme furniture and specific
rooms and they'll even send you free
samples to make sure everything looks as
good in person as it does online every
order gets free shipping here's the best
part if you screw it up you miss measure
you do something wrong okay if you mess
it up blinds calm makes it right for
free they remake your blinds for free
and they made it really easy for you so
go right now to blinds calm and use
promo code Ben and for a limited time
you get 20% off everything
again that's blinds comp remote clip Ben
for 20 percent off everything the faux
wood blinds the cellular shades the
roller shades and more we've used it at
the Shapiro household and blinds comm
it's first-rate and the customer service
is just top
not 20% off everything at blinds.com
when you use promo code Bennigan's
blinds comm promo code ben rules and
restrictions do apply ok so we begin
today with samantha bee samantha bee
you'll recall just about a week ago she
got herself in hot water because she
suggested that Ivanka Trump the
president of the the president's
daughter the daughter of the President
of the United States was a feckless
c-word
why because Ivanka Trump had the
temerity the utter gall the unmitigated
sort of audacity to put up a picture of
herself with her kid and in doing so she
then had somehow offended the left
because the left was all concerned about
children being separated from their
parents at the border which is an
operation of law as ruled by the 9th
Circuit Court of Appeals so Samantha P
goes on national TV and she calls Monica
Trump affectless c-word and then she
suggests that a Monica Trump should
actually go try to have sex with her
father in order to get him to change
immigration policy which is just
wonderful excellent stuff well Samantha
bee was off for the rest of the week
after that well she was back last night
and she was gonna give her apology now
well here's the wonderful thing about
apologies from the left if you're on the
left you know that there's that old that
old movie love story where the slogan
was being in love means never having to
say you're sorry love means never having
to say you're sorry
okay well being on the Left means never
having to say you're sorry laura
ingraham had to put out like a full
apology for saying the david hog a
parkland survivor was whiny about his
college admissions and she got boycotted
for that samantha be called the daughter
of the President of the United States a
feckless c-word and suggested she should
try to dress sexy to seduce her own dad
and then she goes on TV and does a like
seven minute quasi apology that is not
apology in the slightest and of course
the media are letting her off the hook
and they're saying that she is just an
emissary of genius she is just an
emissary of goodness she's an emissary
of rightness
so here's Samantha bee who it will be
noted has not said a funny thing in
years
right the last time she was funny wasn't
she's actually just the sidekick on The
Daily Show now she's not funny at all
now she goes for what we like to call
clapped her in the business it's not
laughter it's where everybody goes right
and then there's kind of like a couple
of laughs and they're not really
laughing tomorrow like smiles and
clapping because you agree with the
person you know just like you're doing
right now at this show it's like that
except I'm not a comedian
Samantha bee is a professional comedian
okay so here's Samantha bee here's her
quasi apology that is not an apology at
all last night on TV
and of course she'll just go right back
to business because that's the way it
works if you're on the left then you get
some clapped her and people pretend that
you didn't do anything wrong
if you're on the right then we cancel
your show or we boycott you and even if
you apologize we say that is
insufficient even if you are clearly
mentally ill as a Roseanne Barr is
obviously Samantha P gets to go on with
her life like nothing happened and
lecture us in the process it's my
favorite part
it's Samantha bee lecturing me I'm not
the one who went on national television
and called someone a feckless c-word and
suggested they had incest with their own
father that wasn't me you know Samantha
bee but she's gonna lecture me and she's
gonna lecture Republicans because
Republicans who are really bad how do we
know that well because they're
Republicans that's how we know they're
bad I guess a here is the execrable
Samantha P who has I will say walked
away well I've been saying for more than
a year now that there was a running gun
battle between a series of leftist
comedians to be the least funny comedian
on the left and that included Amy
Schumer and that included Lena Dunham
and then included Trevor Noah and it
included Samantha bee but Samantha bee I
mean she is now Secretariat she's just
busting out of the pack she is it she's
eight lengths ahead nobody else is even
in camera view
here's Samantha bee doing her apology
last night you know a lot of people were
offended and angry that I used an
epithet to describe the president's
daughter and advisor last week it is a
word I have used on the show many times
hoping to reclaim it this time I used it
as an insult I crossed the line I regret
it and I do apologize for that the
problem is that many women have heard
that word at the worst moments of their
lives a lot of them don't want that word
reclaimed they want it gone
and I don't blame them I don't want to
inflict more pain on them I want this
show to be challenging and I want it to
be honest but I never intended it to
hurt anyone okay composite for a second
you never intended it to hurt anyone
every day on the show she calls someone
off on them like an awful name that I
would never use she does it every single
night on her show like all the time and
when she suggests that she's trying to
reclaim the c-word this is the same sort
of stupid logic that I hear with regard
to people who use the n-word I'm trying
to reclaim the n-word and make it a term
of empowerment why why don't you say
it's a bad word people shouldn't use it
right the n-word is such a bad word and
we're not even allowed to say the full
n-word which seems to me appropriate I
feel like the c-word is the same sort of
thing I've never
tried to reclaim the kay ward I don't go
around at Scholl and my synagogue saying
the K word to people you know it sweet
let's reclaim this this slur that's been
used against Jews for a century instead
let's talk let's say to each other man I
mean let's reclaim that thing publicly
what's up Mike a word like I wouldn't do
that because that's idiotic as I
mentioned last week I wouldn't do that
like Jess is this something you're doing
you're committed to justice Hispanic so
Jess do you run do you run around your
community calling each other the S word
I assume not that's probably not a thing
right like people don't do this on a
regular basis because it's idiotic okay
this is just an excuse that she's making
for being a nasty person who likes to
use the c-word publicly and then she
gets to claim it's all about empowerment
she continues along these lines Samantha
bee boy many men were also offended by
my use of the word I do not care about
that
that's hilarious hey distracted from
more important issues I hate that I did
something to contribute to the nightmare
of 24-hour news cycles that were all
white knuckling I should have known that
a potty mouth insult would be inherently
more interesting to them than juvenile
immigration policy I would do anything
to help those kids I hate that this
distracted from them so to them I am
also sorry okay you stop right there
okay so her real apology is that she did
something distracted from the underlying
issue that was the whole point for
making the joke okay she's a smart lady
Samantha B she knows exactly what she
was doing when she went on national TV
and suggested that a vodka Trump was a
feckless c-word she knew exactly what
was going to happen this went through
writers it went through producers it was
on the teleprompter she's reading from a
teleprompter right now she doesn't have
all the stuff memorized obviously this
is just silliness and when she says I'm
so sorry to distract I should have known
I shouldn't have contribute to the
24-hour news cycle she wanted to make
news and so she said this okay it is
that simple this is obviously more heard
attempting to make news than Roseanne
Barr tweeting something out that was
execrable that valerie jarrett like
Roseanne Barr on on Twitter is a nut job
this was scripted right this was
something that was produced so I don't
buy this excuse making at all and also
by the way this idea that I can't be
offended for use of the c-word
why not I'm offended when somebody uses
the n-word because vile uncivil
disgusting behavior is vile uncivil
disgusting behavior no matter at whom it
is directed I thought that we're
supposed to live in a society where if
you see somebody use the c-word against
some
inappropriately we're supposed to step
in and say no I thought that was a good
thing I thought I'm supposed to be
offended on behalf of people who are
being maligned I mean isn't that what
makes for a better society I guess now
the idea is that if I'm a man I can't
object if a woman uses the c-word even
if she's calling another woman the
c-word I just I don't buy that at all I
think it's it's idiotic logic but she
continues with her non-apology apology
which the media will label brave
obviously if you are worried about the
death of civility don't sweat it
I'm a comedian people who hone their
voices in basement bars while yelling
back at drunk hecklers are definitely
not Paragons of civility I am I'm really
sorry that I said that word but you know
what civility is just nice words
maybe we should all worry a little bit
more about the niceness of our actions
okay just one point you just want to
point this out for one second she says
that we should worry about the niceness
of our actions rather than the contents
of our words okay
well let's say that that's the case why
are you so pissed about everything Trump
says all the time then right this is
obviously not true why are you so angry
about what Roseanne Barr says it turns
out that words are kind of actions
sometimes that doesn't mean they're
violence it doesn't mean that they are a
kind of thing that has an impact in the
world and pretend that words are all
created equal or that whatever we say
has no impact 'silly not doesn't mean
they should be restricted it doesn't
mean that every word should be met with
any sort of action it doesn't mean any
of those things but to suggest that you
are going to make a hard divide between
stuff we say and stuff we do well I
think that applies in certain contexts
that certainly doesn't apply to Samantha
B's job whose entire job is to stand in
front of a camera and say words it's not
like she's going out there you know
handing out teddy bears at the border
Samantha B's entire job is to say words
into a camera that are written for her
on a screen that moves before her right
I mean that that is her entire job and
Chava doesn't apply this logic to
anybody on the right if I were to say
the same thing Samantha bee did she'd be
calling for my firing tomorrow because
that's what that's what people on the
Left do so this sort of double standard
is really quite absurd in every way she
concludes with with a little bit more of
this non-apology apology which the media
cheered all the way
listen I wanted to introduce you to some
exciting new additions to our show these
are our new mandatory censors who will
be with us from now on don't be jittery
guys I talk fast but you'll be fine
that's right they're the best channel
for news centers in the entire business
unfortunately this is what we have to do
from now on I know I know it's some
pretty big stuff ok so this is the new
thing is that she's gonna pretend that
she's being censored in some way
she hasn't been censored in any way TBS
is allowing her to go on there and if
she wants to say feckless see where
tomorrow they'll do that too it is worth
noting by the way that her ratings stink
Samantha B's ratings stink as well they
should because she is not good at this
job but if you look at the posters all
around town so I live in LA which means
that you see Emmy posters everywhere all
the time right you're driving around you
see how the bus stop there's an Emmy
poster for Samantha B and there is this
hilarious thing that's going on right
now or Trevor Noah has a bunch of his
Emmy posters that are up and it features
a quote from Samantha bee and then
Samantha people put her Emmy poster up
and it will feature a quote from Trevor
Noah
and then Jimmy Kimmel will put one up
and it features quotes from Samantha B
and Jimmy and Trevor Noah and they all
have quotes about each other because
they're all part of this ideological
bubble we're saying stuff like Samantha
bee says is not offensive in any way the
only people who would be offended of
course are these rubes out in the middle
of the country who still think it's bad
to say the c-word about people now again
I'm not gonna do the what about ism
thing and point out here that there are
people who said the c-word about Hillary
Clinton which I thought was wrong at the
time on its face but Samantha bee is a
who is a thought leader and that ought
to make some sort of difference it won't
according to the left-wing media okay so
I want to talk a little bit about Ben
Rhodes who is out there making some
insane claims about how your control of
information should be about how your
information that you see can be
controlled first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at Indo Chino so
you're never gonna look better dudes
than you do in a nice suits okay there's
a reason James Bond is always well
dressed and it's because suits look
great well endowed Chino is the world's
largest made-to-measure menswear company
and they've been featured in major
publications including GQ Forbes and
Fast Company the make suits and shirts
made to your exact measurements for a
great fit guys love the wide selection
of high quality fabrics and the option
to personalize all the details including
your lapel lining and monogram so here's
how it works
you visit a showroom and you shop online
in Indo Chino calm you pick your fabric
you choose your customizations you
submit your measurements you wait for
your custom suit to arrive in just a few
weeks it actually is really fun if you
go to the showroom we haven't
early Hills out here I went out there
and they measured me and I got to look
at all the various types of fabrics it
really feels like you're on like your
Savile Row I mean it's really really
cool and this week my listeners get any
premium injured Chino suit for just 379
bucks at Indo Chino calm when you went
for promo code Shapiro at checkout
that's three hundred seventy nine bucks
an endowed Chino calm when you enter a
promo code Shapiro at checkout that's
any premium Indo Chino suit 50% off the
regular price for made-to-measure
premium suit shipping is free Indo Chino
kaam promo code Shapiro it's gonna be
the best suit that you've ever owned my
students grab a three-piece suit with a
vest the whole thing any premium suit
for just 379 bucks and free shipping and
if it doesn't fit then they will make it
right for you so go check it out Indo
Chino comm promo code Shapiro use that
promo code Shapiro and get the special
deal let them know that we sent you okay
so meanwhile Samantha B is out there
setting the world ablaze with her
bravery Ben Rhodes it's amazing we get
so much of our information from the
media we get so much of what we see from
the media and that means that what we
see is automatically filtered and Ben
Rhodes wants that filter to be even
higher so in the aftermath of 2016 when
the Democrats were utterly stunned by
the victory of President Trump they
suggested that what needs to change is
the way that information gets to us
right the big problem is that we had
information that was not filtered by the
proper sources so Ben Rhodes a man who
as the national security adviser to the
President of the United States Barack
Obama openly said that he had created an
echo chamber for information in which he
