so Hollywood is full of self-righteous
hypocrites Oprah takes the Golden Globes
and wants to run for president and Steve
Bannon is still on the rocks with a very
stable genius I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
no Disneyland for anyone okay this
weekend was terrible it was just
terrible
it was mostly terrible because Hollywood
can't get over tough watching Hollywood
talk about sexual abuse and sexual
harassment is like watching NFL
executives talk about concussions and
then pat themselves on the back for it
it's just absurd but before we get to
any of that first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at blue apron
so blue apron is the leading meal
delivery kit service in the United
States in while many people know what
they do they don't know about the types
of meals that you can eat well they have
the best meals
I know because everyone in the office
uses blue aper they are the number one
fresh ingredient and recipe delivery
service in the country and their mission
is to make incredible home cooking
accessible to everyone so they send you
all the ingredients they send you the
recipes you cook at home it's healthier
it's better it's fresher they have three
plans the two-person meal plan and the
family meal plan and the wine plan the
two-person meal plan our meals that
serve two people choose eight new
recipes per week with the choice to
receive either two or three recipes any
week the family meal plan those are
meals that serve four people you can
choose from four new recipes per week
with the choice to receive either two
three or four recipes any week and the
wine plan six bottles of wine from
renowned wine makers delivered monthly
if all of this sounds awesome that's
because it is they are teaming with
whole 30 by the way to bring you
delicious recipes in their menu features
things like two whole thirty approved
recipes like Mexican spiced bar Emma
barramundi I don't even know what that
is but it sounds amazing with avocado
togarashi chicken lettuce cups of
avocado kale and sweet potato salad
kickstarters ear right with blue apron
and whole 30 okay you're gonna be eating
healthier blue apron is treating my
listeners to eight $30 off your first
order deal if you visit blue aprons comm
slash Shapiro that's blue apron dot-com
slash Shapiro again $30 off with free
shipping at blue apron comm slash appear
oh it is a better way to cook everybody
in the office is using it become a big
thing in LA I know it's also a big thing
in New York I have some relatives in New
York and they use blue apron or at least
they know a lot of people who use blue
apron that's because it's easier than
having to actually go down to a
restaurant instead the meals are
delivered right to them they cook it in
their house then have to schlep that
cart up and down the blocks in New York
City it's great for everywhere though
blue apron come again use that slash up
here Oh blue apron calm slash up here we
got 30 bucks off your first order and
when you do then you will be a then and
then you will also be letting them
know that we set you okay so I am very
annoyed always by these Hollywood events
these Hollywood events always annoy me
because I grew up in Hollywood and
Hollywood is filled with the most
self-righteous and yet despicable people
that you will ever meet in your life
Hollywood is filled with people who
engage in sexual harassment and abuse in
fact Hollywood as a town was built on
sexual harassment and abuse I don't mean
that figuratively I mean that the I
don't mean that an exaggerated fashion I
mean that a huge percentage of Hollywood
films a huge percentage of Hollywood
starlets got their starts on the
Hollywood casting couch virtually every
major producer in town at one time or
another has thrown his power around as
well as his genitals okay the idea that
this is not the dominant the predominant
mode of how casting is done in Hollywood
has been done for decades I think is is
a bit of a stretch the fact is Hollywood
is pretty degenerate it always has been
on these matters and there are a lot of
women who are willing to engage with
that knowing the risks knowing that they
were gonna come here and be sent to the
casting couch I've showed you in the
past films that make open jokes about
this all about Eve there's some open
jokes about Marilyn Monroe using the
casting couch okay this is not something
that is brand new from Hollywood well
Hollywood suddenly gets hit for it and
suddenly everyone's very surprised and
not only that that are their two virtue
signal it's just great they're there to
come along and signal to you not only
that they are wonderful leftist but also
that they are just shocked by an
appalled by what's happened in Hollywood
they're here to joke about all the
terrible things they've done as I said
at the top of the show
it's like watching NFL executives joke
about concussions or penn state
executives joke about pedophilia you
can't do this okay hollywood has an
entire event dedicated to patting itself
on the back for how much it's standing
up to the sexual harassment scandal
that's happening in its own industry and
to which many of the people who were who
are testifying last night or party in
the first place and we'll go through all
of this but let's start with Seth Meyers
his opening monologue so Seth Meyers
begins by slapping Holly wouldn't then
of course he has his obligatory slams
against Trump he's too lazy to actually
write any new jokes about trumps instead
he just hijacks jokes that were told
last year by Hugh Laurie I believe is
the Golden Globes about the Hollywood
Foreign Press Association here is Seth
Meyers again an overrated comedian who
who masquerades as a political thinker
here he is doing his opening monologue
ladies and remaining gentlemen there's a
new era underway and I can tell because
it's been years since a white man was
this nervous in Hollywood there's all
this is lazy there there's nothing
there's nothing new here and the idea I
look at we're all gonna laugh now about
white men being in power all gonna laugh
now about men being sexist we're all
gonna laugh about how men are on the run
in Hollywood except that half this crowd
cheered Roman Polanski half this crowd
stood up and cheered Woody Allen when he
won a white time Achievement Award from
the globe in Golden Globe six years ago
in 2012
Harvey Weinstein on this stage was
feeted as a god by Meryl Streep who last
night was talking about me too and
time's up and it's not just Seth Meyers
how he Debra Messing arrived and decided
it was time to slam a channel for the
so-called pay gap right the implication
being that he doesn't pay its female
hosts enough Debra Messing the
multi-millionaire who's a terrible
actress by the way and blocked me on
Twitter not because I just called her a
terrible actress but long ago and she
blocked me because I guess there an
incentive she would cancel her
subscription to The New York Times after
the New York Times did a profile of me
that did not rip me as racist because
I'm not Debra Messing decides that now's
a good time to virtually signal about
the pay gap she wasn't the only one by
the way what's the name of the lady um
well what's the name of the lady from
Friday Night Lights Oh Connie Britton
right so Connie Britton shows up last
night wearing a shirt that says
something like second something like
poverty is sexist it said poverty is
sexist the shirt cost $380 not a joke
$380 and after she spilled champagne on
it then it was worth $700 so well done
Connie Britton poverty Texas but she's
not the only hypocrite here's Debra
Messing a very very wealthy woman for
being a garbage actress on a show that
was really about the gay guy and about
the and about the shrill high-pitched
woman and not about her at all
here is Debra Messing talking about the
pay yeah Pat II you know I was so
shocked to hear that that
he doesn't believe in paying their their
female co-host the same as their male
co-host I mean I missed cat Sadler and
so we stand with her and that's
something that can change tomorrow so
much heroism so much strength so much
Normandy like bravery my god standing on
the red carpet wearing a probably a
gallon worth probably several thousand
dollars talking about the pay gap that
obviously is just brutal for women at E
whose entire job that consists of
standing alongside men and both of whom
talk about celebrities all day okay
let's be real about this women in the
entertainment industry in the talent
side of the entertainment industry are
not getting destroyed by sexism okay
they are in terms of sexual harassment
and sexual assault that's a different
issue but in terms of the pay gap here
the idea that Natalie Portman and
Jennifer Lawrence are being destroyed by
sexism or that the women II couldn't
just go to their bosses and say listen
either pay me more or I'll leave but
here's the thing about the free market
if you are easily replaceable and I'm
sorry to tell you this but women at E
and men and E are probably pretty
replaceable doesn't seem like a
particularly tough job then maybe you
ought to ask for a raise less often
rather than more often I mean if you
could start a neat Channel honestly and
pay everybody $30,000 a year and be
staffed up the wazoo
I mean there are people who are
beautiful working at coffee bean every
single day who would die to work for
$35,000 I don't coffee in pays maybe
it's more than that but there are people
who had died to be working on e and be
on TV every day for $35,000 in any case
there's never a messin complaining about
that mary j blige comes out and she says
you know in the new me to moment I will
kill you if you touch me but there's
something that she doesn't say which
kind of bothers me here here's mary j
blige oh I've had the fight since I was
5 years old I'm haven't haven't had
anybody approached me like that since
I've been in the music business but ever
since from 5 to 17 I've been going
through hell with sexual harassment so
you know by the time I got to the music
business it was like don't touch me you
know I'll kill you ok so first of all
that's that's great that she had that
attitude it's horrible what happened to
her as a child I would like to hear her
name the names of the guys who tried to
touch her in the music industry right
this is the one thing that was so
shocking about last night you watch all
of this and what you see over and over
and over is that nobody's willing to
name any names right they're just
willing to talk about broad problems
broad American sexism bro
sexual harassment but no one's willing
to name any names which means all these
guys get away with it and the half of
them are in the room I half of them are
in the room natalie portman I thought
was the most egregious offender last
night just in terms of being obnoxiously
smug she got something they're talking
about the all-male directors were
nominated which which women should have
been nominated last year that I mess
like patty Jenkins for Wonder Woman who
should have been nominated exactly in
any case here's Natalie Portman
suggesting and whining about all male
directors er honored to be here to
present the award for Best Director burn
Mitch's okay really what in the world
like oh my god how did what bravery
stunning stunning bravery Natalie
Portman worth millions and millions of
dollars for being not a very good
actress yeah Natalie Portman oh man she
struck back against the patriarchy at
that time boom roasted Hollywood is so
smug and so irritating I mean I'm famous
for being smug and they outclassed me by
orders of magnitude okay so before I go
any further and we'll talk about Oprah
because I have many other things you say
about Oprah Winfrey and her presidential
runs first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at filter by comm so
the holidays are over
but the winter has just begun according
to studies that means that you're going
to be inside a lot and the air indoors
contains up to a hundred times more
pollution than the air outside which can
cause illness allergies unnecessary wear
and tear on your HVAC system that's why
you need filter replacements okay it
doesn't it's not sexy topic but it is a
topic that is going to make your life a
lot better in some of the ways you will
not even notice until you come down not
with a flu right until you until you
don't get sick until you don't end up
hacking away in the middle of the winter
it filter by comm is America's leading
provider of HVAC HVAC filters for homes
and small businesses they carry over 600
different filter sizes including custom
options all shipped free within 24 hours
plus they are manufactured right here in
the United States they offer a multitude
of options all the way up to hospital
grade so you're gonna be getting rid of
the pollen and the mold and the dust and
the other allergy aggravating pollution
and maximizing the efficiency of your
system and right now you say 5% when you
set up auto delivery the great thing
about auto delivery is you forget about
your filters until I talk about them on
the show and then you buy the new
filters and you forget about them again
until they're all black with mold well
when you set up the auto delivery it
shows up at your door and you
have to worry about thinking about it
again it shows up you install them
you're done right right now you say 5%
when you set up auto delivery you never
need to think about it again go to
filter by calm breathe better filter bu
why.com
again that's filter by dot-com go check
it out I'll order ship free within 24
hours and again they have 600 size
options including custom sizes so go to
filter by comm and check it out alright
so all of this was prelude to the big
story of the evening the big story of
the evening was Oprah Winfrey Oh Oprah
so stunning so brave such stunning
bravery such brave X Thunder angry it's
just it's so so much bravery I can't
even take it I just can't take it in
fact it was so brave that everybody lost
their mind NBC tweeted that Oprah would
be our future president yes really the
network NBC they tweeted nothing but
respect for our future president hashtag
Golden Globes
our capital oh you are amazing just
amazing your future president is gonna
be a lady who is extraordinarily rich
very good at connecting with audiences
and who has and who's famous for
vacillating in her weight for years and
years
that's just great I mean honestly we
don't get to complain about reality TV
stars and self-made billionaires being
President of the United States because
the President of the United States is
those things right and then brags about
them on Twitter don't worry we'll get to
that in a little bit but she was just so
incredible last night she got up there
and she finally spoke truth to power
sure there are tons of pictures of her
kissing Harvey Weinstein sure there's an
actress who back in November alleged
that she fell into Harvey Weinstein
Weinstein's trap because she saw Oprah
hanging out with Harvey and figured
Harvey must be a good guy sure Oprah
Winfrey existed in this town for 30
years making doodles of cash becoming
the most powerful woman in media the
queen of all media and never had one
word to say about sexual harassment
assault in Hollywood sure all of that
true but the bravery the stunning miss
the stunning Miss Mick bravery ah just
shocking just stunning Reese Witherspoon
tweeted out in the midst of all of this
that Oprah Winfrey that she was now
going to date time differently she's
what she tweeted quote I will now
officially divide time like this
everything that happened before up her
speech everything that will happen after
my god it's just like Jesus it'll be Bo
and ayo before Oprah and after Oprah
just incredible time
things have changed things that can't
you feel the change in the air can't you
feel all the men backing away from the
sexual harassment interviews because
Oprah Winfrey got up and said some vague
words I do I feel like everything
changed last night now to be fair
Oprah's really good at this right Oprah
is actually a very good speaker she's
very talented she's quite a good actress
she's very good at connecting with
audiences we've known all this for years
she gets up Chris chalisa at CNN said
you could have heard her giving this
speech in Iowa you can almost imagine
her running for president have we
learned nothing people nothing right the
entire media that suggests that
inexperience is bad that we don't need
somebody with no policy that we don't
need somebody doesn't know what the hell
they're doing it they had a government
and they're like you know what we need
Oprah yeah
solid move okay so she give this speech
and everyone is just over the moon about
this speech it's just great she gets up
there and she finally says enough she
Oprah the queen of all media finally
says enough is enough now so I think
that's anything special no because I was
under the impression that we all felt
this way right I mean everybody showed
up to the Golden Globes last night
wearing black there's a class here of
Golden Globes and we've had in years it
wasn't people dressed like Lady Gaga
breaking out of an egg at the Golden
Globes red carpet everybody just looked
like it was the 1950s and they're
wearing black dresses actually everybody
kind of look classy maybe they should be
the going rule there from now on
but you know they but and everybody
shows up and they're talking on time's
up and me too and everybody's trying to
back away slowly from from anyone who is
remotely associated from Harvey
Weinstein and and Kevin Spacey and and
so I'm not sure what was so
groundbreaking about all this except
that people on Oprah to learn from run
for president they're talking about this
back in March and I'll go through it in
a few minutes
whether Oprah could actually win when
she runs for president but first I want
to go through the speech because it's
been treated as just grand and glorious
because she finally stood up for all the
victimized women throughout history and
over time Oprah Winfrey so stunning so
brave here we go shoot there a few
problems she starts off by talking about
how she is exactly the same as Sidney
Poitier in 1964 right Sidney pointy had
won a Golden Globe I guess in 1964 and
and she said she watched it on TV or she
wanted out he won an Oscar I guess in
1964 maybe four in the heat of the night
in any case she she says this yeah just
got clipped one yeah
82 simply received the Cecil B deMille
Award right here at the Golden Globes
and it is not lost on me that at this
moment there are some little girls
watching as I become the first black
woman to be given the same award name
them name them seriously name the lives
of the little black girls whose lives
were changed because they saw Oprah
Winfrey win this award not by Oprah
