president Trump surprises the world by
brokering a meeting with Kim jong-un the
dictator of North Korea he rolls out his
big tariff plan and we will check the
mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
[Music]
every news cycle is now 33.3
milliseconds long that's how fast the
news moves these days yesterday there
are a bevy of headlines coming out of
the Trump administration we'll get to
all of them will do full analysis of the
president's big announcement that he
wants to meet with Kim jong-un the
dictator of North Korea in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blue apron so everyone
in the office is using blue apron people
all over the country are using blue
apron and that's for a reason blue apron
is the leading meal kit delivery service
in the United States and here's the way
that it works they send you the freshest
ingredients all prepackaged in the
proper amounts and you sit in your house
and you cook with your family there's no
more fun thing and cooking with your
kids I know I do with my daughter all
the time it's a blast and not only that
when you cook that fresh home-cooked
meal it just tastes better it's better
to eat at home with the kids now I'm in
a situation in my house where I've got
such young children when we go to a
restaurant there's a good shot that some
table is gonna get pushed over so eating
at home is a must when you have young
kids there's nothing better than eating
at home and there's nothing easier than
making it happen
with blue apron they're the number one
fresh ingredient and recipe delivery
service in the country they offer a wide
variety of plans they offer convenience
and variety they deliver fresh
pre-portion ingredients step-by-step
recipes right to your door these can be
cooked in under 45 minutes the menu
changes every single week based on
what's in season it's designed by blue
aprons in-house kuelen Airy team and
they offer 12 new recipes every week
customers can pick two three four
recipes depending on what best fits your
schedule and of course they send only
the highest quality ingredients it's
just awesome and blue apron is treating
Ben Shapiro listeners 230 bucks off your
first order if you visit blue apron com
slash up here oh that's blue apron calm
slash Shapiro we're talking about meals
that make you feel like a gourmet
hugging pan-fried chicken breast with
sweet and tangy zucchini quick you
Kotani with broccoli and pecorino cheese
don't know what that is but I'm looking
at picture of it it looks amazing
the Italian style shrimp and sweet
peppers good for my non-jewish friends
over for Go la serda pasta so many
amazing sounding meals and you'll be
making these in your house with the
greatest of ease blue aprons come /
capiro means they're getting 30 bucks
off your first order when you use that
slash up here a blue apron is a better
way to cook again it's fresher
ingredients it tastes better and it's
more fun the family the cooks together
stays together blue apron calm / Shapiro
again get the
dollars off and let them know that we
sent you by using that slash Shapiro
okay so the big announcement yesterday
from the Trump administration is that
President Trump was now open to meeting
with Kim jong-un and they were
attempting to broker some sort of
meeting maybe in Pyongyang maybe in the
middle of North Korea it's possible
they're talking about the president
doing this in May well there are a few
issues with this and and it's very
interesting to watch as the right and
the left split on this issue because the
left cheered when President Obama you
remember one who's Senator Obama in 2008
in a speech he said that he would meet
with the leaders of Iran North Korea
without preconditions and he would meet
with them without getting anything in
return to even sit at the table with
them and a lot of people people like me
said that's terrible why would you
possibly do that because now you're
giving legitimacy to evil regimes
without them having to give up anything
and well now President Trump seems to be
doing some of the same sort of stuff and
people on the right are split they're
bunch of people on the right who think
this is just great and a bunch of people
on the right who think it's kind of
stinks and then they're a bunch of folks
on the Left who celebrated when Obama
said that oh look at that it's a new
open foreign policy it's just gonna be
amazing
and now Trump's doing it and they're
confused are they supposed to be mad or
are they supposed to be happy and so
you're seeing this bizarre split in
alliances among political allies and and
weird new alliances forming among
political enemies all about Trump
meeting with Kim jong-un so first we
have to do a little bit of background
here so Kim jong-un obviously is the
dictator of the most repressive country
on planet earth it is basically a giant
gulag thousands of people are still in
prison camps today under Kim jong-un and
he has obviously been threatening the
world with nuclear weapons he's been
test firing ICBMs intercontinental
ballistic missiles that are apparently
capable of hitting the United States
he's been testing more and more powerful
nuclear weapons he's been threatening
shipping lanes and he's been using
bellicose language toward South Korea
now what's weird is that South Korea has
moved in the direction of appeasement so
they've elected their own sort of
Neville Chamberlain figure that would be
the president of North Korea whose name
is moon and the presidents of North
Korea is committed to what he calls a
sunlight policy the sunlight policy is a
policy of date ons with the North
Koreans president moon jae-in is
actually the guy who conveyed Kim's
supporters supposed to offer to meet to
the Americans his office said that North
Korea quote has ample intention
holding talks with the United States and
he has another agenda here which is that
he is not particularly fond of the US
having a military presence in South
Korea now it is the u.s. military
presence in South Korea that essentially
guarantees there's not another Korean
War it's the American presence in South
Korea that guarantees that North Korea
may be with Chinese support doesn't walk
across that 38th parallel and just walk
right into the heart of Seoul because
the fact is that the United States has a
trigger mechanism in foreign policy we
have a trigger mechanism meaning that we
have a certain number of troops that are
along the border and if that border were
to be breached the United States would
immediately be meshed in a war with the
North Koreans the North Koreans know
that and they know the minute they step
over the border the United States comes
in and Visser eights them and that's the
end of that war if the United States
were to remove support from the South
Koreans the calculus would change very
quickly and at the very least the North
Koreans and the Chinese could pressure
the South Koreans for all sorts of
concessions they could push them into
their own sphere of influence on train
on defense it could get very ugly very
quickly without the u.s. continuing to
be there and in a line with the South
Koreans on a military level but the
current regime in South Korea the
current administration in South Korea is
not real fond of that they don't want
the United States deploying anti-missile
technology in South Korea they don't
want the United States deploying troops
in South Korea and so they're honestly
sort of working on behalf of the North
Koreans to make a move that would push
the United States out to the fringe on
South Korean on South Korean ground so
all of that is the background of course
Trump has been using very bellicose
language with regard to the North
Koreans the North Koreans been using
bellicose language with regard to trump
they've basically been tweeting at each
other Trump tweeted that he has a bigger
button than Kim jong-un which is
obviously true and Kim jong-un has said
that the United States will bathe and
fire and all this kind of stuff and so
the the talking point for people who are
big Trump fans is that Trump forced the
North Koreans to the table with all of
this language that Trump showed he
wasn't gonna budge and now the North
Koreans are gonna come to the table and
they're gonna cave that seems unlikely
to me it seems more like this is a
calculated ploy by the curb by the North
Koreans to gain concessions from the
West in exchange for an empty promise
the reason I say this is because this
has been the North Korean way of doing
business for nigh on 60 years at this
point they've constantly threatened the
West they've constantly gotten
concessions they've constantly gotten
cash and food and even nuclear help
under the 1994 framework North Korea
by Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter under
all of that the North Koreans have
always gains and the West has always
lost the North Koreans have never felt
the need to give up their nuclear
program they've continued to progress
their nuclear program even as we
continue to sign checks to them so this
all started yesterday with the South
Korean security adviser cheung yu-yan i
think i'm pronouncing that wrong but he
said that North Korea is now committed
to denuclearization I'll explain what he
means by this in a second because if you
read the headline that sounds great
North Korea's gonna get rid of its nukes
if you know what he means not that great
here's what he had to say president in
our meeting North Korean leader Kim
jong-un said he is committed to Teague
polarization Kim pledged that North
Korea will refrain from any photo okay
so basically that's the South Korean
government saying well Kim said he's not
gonna fire any more ICBM they're testing
any more missiles well we're not super
worried about the test at this point
we're worried about the continued
development of the technology because he
can restart the test anytime he wants I
promise to stop tests so that he can get
in the room with Trump and get a picture
walking out with Trump and show his own
people that he is a powerful leader on
par with Trump is is fine with him I
mean if that means six weeks of
refraining from firing missiles he can
probably handle that remember it's
already the middle of March May is
coming up really quickly so all he asked
it so basically he's promised that for
the next six weeks he won't fire a
missile look D do what do you do when he
says that North Korea is committed to
denuclearization understand the absolute
stated program of the North Korean
government is we want denuclearization
of the entire peninsula what that means
is we want the United States to remove
its troops from South Korea so we'll get
rid of our nuclear program if and only
if the United States removes its troops
from South Korea and the United States
stops engaging in military exercises
with the South Koreans I think that
Kimmel wants to make that pitch directly
to Trump he wants to say listen we can
walk out of here with the greatest deal
you'll win the Nobel Peace Prize right
we'll walk out of here and you'll have
been the guy who disarmed the Kim regime
had all been the guy who allowed the
Korean Peninsula to finally stand up on
its own
you can make a nationalist appeal to
Trump and it would be a bad move by
Trump because again if the United States
does not have troops in South Korea this
radically changes the situation on the
ground not only militarily but in terms
of economics and trade in terms of
foreign policy spheres of influence
protection of particular trade corridors
but all of this goes in by the wayside
if the United States were to pull its
troops out of South Korea which is why
we've never really considered it before
it's possible however that Trump falls
for that routine so the question in
Trump meeting with North Korea is is
this Trump and Gorbachev right is this
Reagan and Gorbachev or Reagan basically
strong arms Gorbachev and refuses to
make concessions to Gorbachev or is this
Nixon to China is this Trump goes to the
North Koreans and the North Koreans lied
to him and then he buys it because now
he's gonna get a political win out of it
well it certainly sounds like Trump is
very positive about all this he sees
this as a big one
here's Trump talking about North Korea
acting very positively all of a sudden
whether to see they seem to be acting
positively but we're gonna see well no
one I'm willing to go as you probably
noticed this morning where we sent out
through social media statement willing
to go either way hopefully it's going to
be the proper way the proper way is the
way that everybody knows and everybody
wants okay so yeah this is all very nice
and very happy Dappy Doo he tweeted
something out similar yesterday about
about North Koreans said great progress
is being made as if Kim jong-un talked
about denuclearization with the South
Korean representatives not just a freeze
also no missile testing by North Korea
during this period of time great
progress being made but sanctions will
remain until an agreement has reached
meeting being planned okay so he sounds
very positive about all of this and the
way that Trump fans are playing this is
that Trump has won right the little
rocket man blinked this is what Sean
Hannity says that Trump has his
shellacked kim jeong-hoon into surrender
of course this is what Sean is gonna say
Sean is a big Trump fan obviously he
thinks everything Trump does is a work
of magnificent genius here was his take
major breaking news tonight a huge
foreign policy win for president Trump
little rocket man blinks now the
president's tough rhetoric his bold
action his severe sanctions they appear
to be working tonight president Trump is
accepting an invitation to meet with the
North Korean dictator Kim jong-un by May
and Pyongyang is agreeing to stop all
nuclear and missile tests while these
talks are under way and the sanctions
they will continue okay that is
not exactly the correct take I think I
think the idea that that there is a big
blink here by a Kim the question is what
it's Kim giving up and the answer is
nothing I can get Kim is giving up
nothing and he's gonna get a picture
with Trump walking out arm and arm hands
out raised right like Neville
Chamberlain and Adolf Hitler and you
know that that's that's a real
possibility the question here is are
those fabled negotiation skills of Trump
so magical is he really gonna be able to
get to a room with Kim and then get him
to denuclearize and we were obtained all
of our troops there we still have
sanctions that snap back into place if
something should go wrong we still have
verifiability of their demonization are
all those things really gonna happen do
you think they're really gonna happen
because I'm very skeptical they're gonna
happen I'm very skeptical the Kim regime
is going to give up all of that just
because Trump tweeted some nasty things
about Kim it doesn't make any real
politic sense like plagued him for a
second put yourself get yourself out of
the American political context and play
Kim for a second if you are the Kim
regime how exactly would you play this
I'll explain what you would do if you
were the Kim regime and why I'm so
skeptical that anything is gonna come
out of this that's positive for the
United States in just a second but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at filter by so and the the reality
is that right now it is very cold
outside you're spending a lot of time
inside and because you're spending a lot
of time inside you are breathing in a
lot of filtered air well filtered air
very often is dirtier than the air
outside but it doesn't have to be that
way
filter by is America's leading provider
of HVAC filters for homes and small
businesses and they want you to breathe
better they carry over 600 different
filter sizes including custom options
all ship free within 24 hours plus they
are manufactured right here in the
United States they offer a multitude of
any RV options all the way up to
hospital grade so you're removing that
dangerous pollen the mold the dust the
other allergy aggravating pollution
while maximizing the efficiency of your
system and just as importantly they have
a subscription plan so when you order
those filters they will be refreshed
every so often insuring that you are
never breathing unclean air that you put
in the new filters and forget about it
for three years you look at it and it's
filled with mold that's never gonna
happen again when you get on their
subscription plan right now you can get
5% when you set up auto delivery so you
never need to think about those air
filters again breathe better with filter
by calm it's filter bu why calm that's
filter bu why calm and right now again
when you when you order through filter
by comm you save 5% when you set up that
auto delivery system and again I'll
order ship free within 24
our 600 size options make sure that the
air that you and your family everything
is clean it's just the least you can do
to make sure that your kids are healthy
so check it out at filter by con make
sure you're healthy as well obviously
filter by comm filter B wide comm get 5%
off when you get that when you get that
auto auto delivery program okay so
imagine that you are kim jeong-hoon for
a second let's get out of trim set we
spend so much time in American politics
in the head of Donald Trump which is a
weird place now let's be real it's kind
of a weird place and even weirder places
the Kim regime but I'm not convinced and
I've never been convinced that the Kim
regime is crazy I've never been
convinced that Kim jong-un is a crazy
guy it seems to me that he is a person
who is out for self preservation and
preservation of his evil regime now if
you are him and you are looking around
if you were he and you were looking
around at the world and you were
thinking yourself how can I ensure that
I maintain power and then I stay in
power for the rest of my life the first
thing you would do is develop nuclear
weapons and that is the very first thing
that you would do because that would
ensure that there is a deterrent that
should the United States attack you he
threatened a nuke Seoul and that's the
end of it right you get to stay because
no one wants someone moved no one wants
a hundred thousand people dead in the
middle of Seoul even if it means
liberating North Korean the the North
Korean people have been subjugated for
decades on it so you want your nuclear
weapons but what you also want is
economic support from the West you want
them signing checks to you and so what
you do is every so often you offer to
give up your nuclear weapons and you say
you know we'll give those things right
up you know we'll make concessions to
you just sign us some checks remove the
sanctions sign us some checks we won't
do any we won't do any testing we won't
fire missiles we won't test start our
bombs and then you spend the next three
years in the bunker developing new
weapons and then three years later you
