leftists and conservatives battle over
MLK's legacy epa chief scott pruett is
in hot water and a Comedy Central
comedian says you are having too many
children I'm bettin Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
all right so yesterday marked the
anniversary 50th anniversary of the
assassination of the Martin Luther King
and we'll be talking about that in just
a few minutes but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Birch
gold so right now have you been watching
the stock market because it is up and
down like a yo-yo it was down 700 points
earlier this week than it was back up
and then it was down again this is how
the stock market's been working lately
if this makes you feel a little insecure
about your asset base maybe you ought to
be thinking about investing a little bit
in precious metals Birch gold group has
a long-standing track record of
continued success they are the folks
that I trust with precious metals
investing if thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews in a
plus rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group now to
request a free information kit on
physical precious metals in this
comprehensive 16 page kit shows how gold
and silver can protect your savings hey
can legally move that IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA to get that no cost no
obligation kit all you have to do is go
to birchgold.com slash pen that is
birchgold.com slash been again there's
no law in the books for the IRS that you
can actually move your IRA or eligible
401k into an IRA backed by physical gold
or silver and the folks at Birch gold
can tell you how birchgold.com slash
Bennett's birchgold.com slash men use
that slash Ben so that they know that we
say these are the folks that I would
trust when it comes to investing in
precious metals again because there are
so many others who trust them because I
know the folks over there I've talked
with them and you should ask all your
questions always before you invest in
precious metals but once you are ready
to do so call my friends over at Birch
gold and they will help you out
birchgold.com / Ben alright so yesterday
marks as you say the 49th 50th
anniversary of the what we're preparing
to commemorate the 50th anniversary of
the assassination of Reverend dr. Martin
Luther King and there's a big fight
underway over Martin Luther King
Junior's legacy now I have a great book
by Brad Meltzer that I read to my child
about Martin Luther King jr. and what
Martin Luther King jr. did for the
United States and what he did for the
black community inside the United States
when my daughter's favorite books she's
growing up with it because I think that
it is important for all children to know
about the legacy of dr. King but one of
the things that we tend to do in modern
politics is instead of remembering
people for the things that they are
actually remembered for we go back and
we book again we do have a
history we go back and we look again at
all the things they did in their life
and then we say well this is really what
we should be remembering so for example
George Washington father of our country
a great general first president that's
what we remember him for but revisionist
historians will go back and they will
look at at George Washington they will
say well he was a slave owner we should
talk about that because that's really
his legacy his real legacy is that he
was a slave owner same things happening
with Thomas Jefferson his legacy the
Declaration of Independence and his
involvement with the Constitutional
Convention right he's he's he has a
phenomenal phenomenal legacy Eve's third
President of the United States but now
their cause to remove his monument
specifically because parts of his legacy
were associated with slavery right he
was a lifelong slave owner yeah this
sort of logic has applied to everything
you see it even with Abraham Lincoln
where there's now an attempts going on
to go back and recast Abraham Lincoln as
a rabid racist because in some of his
writings he speaks in racist fashion
even though he was the great Emancipator
who ended slavery in the United States
through the Civil War and through the
Emancipation Proclamation well Martin
Luther King obviously doesn't have
anything quite that checkered
slave-owning
or racism in his past he does have some
things in his past that we have
conveniently overlooked obviously he was
personally kind of a shambles in terms
of his treatment of women for example
but what we really remember dr. King for
and why we celebrate dr. King and I'm
you know I'm blessed that I shared my
birthday with dr. King's day right
Martin Luther King Day is January 15th
that's my birthday
and I've always had a special fondness
for that fact but dr. King what we
really remember him for is his message
which was not Malcolm X's message so to
understand Martin Luther King's message
we have to do it in contrast to Malcolm
X prior to his conversion to actual
Islam and his call for peace before he
was assassinated by the the folks over
at the Nation of Islam to which
Democrats still pay homage which is just
an incredible thing right
the people who assassinated Malcolm X
are still going around claiming they did
in this Astin a Malcolm X and then heads
of the Democratic Party are meeting with
their leaders like Louis Farrakhan
should show you something about the
state of today's modern politics but
Malcolm X's message was black militancy
his message was black separatism at
least in his early days when you read
the Autobiography of Malcolm X and then
later he realized maybe we should look
for a more conciliatory message Spike
Lee's movie covers some of this ground
okay Martin Luther King's message was
very different his message was we all
have to come
they're around universal human rights
that apply to black people as well as
white people that the calls of the
founding fathers apply to black people
as well as white people like Booker T
Washington or like the or like Frederick
Douglass the call from Martin Luther
King was fully within the American
tradition America has certain rights
inalienable rights and these extend to
black people and to prevent black people
from exercising these rights is an act
of terrorism and active evil an act of
tyranny and this was his basic message
and that message of racial
reconciliation was why we honor dr. King
if he had been a racial separatist like
Malcolm X we would not be honoring dr.
King we would be we would be talking
about whether his legacy has helped
contribute to the constant racial
tensions in the country the reason that
Martin Luther King is considered such a
great figure is because of the racial
reconciliation so I mean we'll play it
because it isn't one of the great
speeches in American history this is was
his speech the I have a dream speech
from the Washington Mall man this is
because he spoke in these terms it was
it was obvious that Martin Luther King
was bound to be an American here
obviously his assassination was one of
the great tragedies in American history
because right on the verge of a civil
rights movement that was to essentially
bear his imprimatur he was killed right
as he even it's it's just a horrifying
horrifying story in any case President
Trump tried to pay homage to dr. Martin
Luther King on the 50th anniversary of
his assassination I and he spoke about
that he posted this on his Twitter
yesterday this of course caused a lot of
consternation 50 years ago dr. King was
cruelly taken from this world by an
assassin's bullet but the promise he
fought for could never be taken away his
words his deeds they live on forever and
the cause for which he gave his life
only gains strength and force and power
with the passage of time on this
cherished day we honor the memory of
Reverend King and we rededicate
ourselves to a glorious view
where every American from every walk of
life can live free from fear liberated
from hatred and uplifted by boundless
love for their fellow citizens okay now
so many people were upset about this
right Oh a lot of people were very upset
about about president Trump putting this
out because folks on the Left think that
President Trump is a racist and they're
unhappy with a lot of the racially
conflagration ax stings that that Trump
has said in the past going all the way
back to Charlottesville that the fact is
though that what Trump is actually
saying right separate the message from
the man who's saying it what he's saying
here is the great American perception
Martin Luther King so in the mood of
revisionist history what is absolutely
happening right now is that the left is
going back and they're looking at Martin
Luther King's entire legacy and again
Martin Luther King was economically a
socialist Martin Luther King was
somebody who did not really understand
economics particularly while Martin
Luther King was somebody who was who was
focused in on the supposedly burst
struggles of unions across the country
and so the left broadly has tried to
take the the great attachment we have
the Martin Luther King and extend it to
these other causes so for example
there's a piece today by Leonard Pitts
jr. who is a columnist syndicated
columnist in the Miami Herald where he
talks about where he talks about Martin
Luther King and he said he talked about
the assassination he says fear purchased
the gun delusion loaded it ignorance
adjusted the sight intolerance pulled
the trigger 50 years ago those forces
killed the man they have sought ever
since to kill the memory now you know
again I agree with with what killed the
man right there but that was an
individual assassin in a country that
was still replete with racism
we're now 50 years down the road the
idea that we've spent 50 years burying
Martin Luther King's memory is a bit
insulting to all of the history of the
United States subsequent to his
assassination but here is what Leonard
Pitts says and this again I think is the
attempt to recapture the legacy of
Martin Luther King and put him in the
radical camp so there can be a call
today for more radicalism in politics
particularly on the racial side he says
quote there's a myth some of us cherish
and it goes like this there used to be
racism in this country a distance in
benign a time about which it's best not
to talk and impolite to even recall then
Martin Luther King organized a boycott
led some marches and gave a speech about
a dream
and ever since equality has rained ok
that's obviously meant to be a
caricature and straw man obviously it's
not true we should be teach
at Jim Crow we should teach about
slavery we should teach about the legacy
of those things we should teach about
the entire civil rights movement
including the Civil Rights Act including
Dwight Eisenhower sending federal troops
down into the South in the mid-50s
including President Truman integrating
the military we should talk about the
long struggle for justice in this
country for black folks we should talk
about Martin Luther King and we should
talk about Malcolm X it was a complex
time with a lot of complex figures you
should talk about all those things but
there is no question that racism since
Martin Luther King's assassination has
depleted incredibly rapidly to the
lowest point in certainly American
history as of maybe seven or eight years
ago before Barack Obama was elected and
then Barack Obama started I believe
using intersectional politics as a
substitute for a unifying policy but
Leonard Pitts says this is a silly myth
because it ignores the reams of evidence
and towers of testimony proving that
racism continues to stunt blunt and take
the lives of people of color again this
is the point that folks on the Left want
to make they want to say that Martin
Luther King's legacy was a failure
essentially that Martin Luther King did
not succeed it wasn't that he was Moses
who goes up to the top of the mountain
and sees the promised land and then
perishes it was the Martin Luther King
dreamt of a promised land that we have
never reached that we are still
wandering in the wilderness somewhere
out here and then Martin Luther King's
legacy is basically that he says a bunch
of things that we have failed to take
him up on Pitt says it's an offensive
myth because it reduces came to an
anodyne figure harmless enough to be
embraced by conservatives who
conveniently forget that while he was
here they stood against everything he
stood for first of all that's not true
more Republicans than Democrats vote on
a percentage basis in the Congress voted
for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 then
Democrats Southern Democrats were the
ones who are standing in the way of
Martin Luther King during the Selma
marches and attempting to bludgeon him
and they were imprisoning him it was not
Republicans okay that was Democrats so
the idea that it was a bunch of
conservatives who were standing in the
way of Martin Luther King is not
historically accurate
it was conservatives in many cases who
are standing with dr. King right there
were there were liberals no question who
stood with Martin Luther King and there
were conservatives who stood with Martin
Luther King and to pretend otherwise
that is offensive and that is a
rewriting of history but Pitts continues
the forces that killed him used this
myth to kill our memory of the
provocative radical progressive prophet
and preacher that he was so successful
had they been that Glenn Beck with a
straight face
claim the mantle of King a few years ago
so successful and some people are
indignant when it is pointed out to them
that Colin Kaepernick is actually
following King's example so six
the King's youngest child Bernice
recently tweeted how someone told her
that her father didn't offend people
well I mean maybe his youngest child
knows Martin Luther King's legacy better
than like Leonard Pitts I might suggest
and using Colin Kaepernick as a as a
someone akin to Martin Luther King
that's an insult to Martin Luther King's
legacy Martin Luther King actually knew
of what he talked Martin Luther King
actually had a program for change Colin
Kaepernick was looking for publicity and
he got publicity I'm not saying that he
doesn't have a good heart for what he
thinks he is doing but Colin Kaepernick
kneeling for the anthem is something
that Martin Luther King never would have
done because Martin Luther King
understood that he was standing with
America's legacy not against America's
legacy that the the darkness in
America's history was an obstacle that
was thrown in the way of founding
ideology that it was not part and parcel
rooted in our DNA as Barack Obama was
fond of saying I have more on this I
want to talk about but first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at zip
recruiter so zip recruiter is the place
for you to get the best employees you
need great people and you need a better
way to find them zip recruiter knows
there's a smarter way so they built a
platform that finds the right job
candidates for you they learn what
you're looking for they identify people
with the right experience and then they
invite them to apply to your job and
these invitations have revolutionized
how you can find your next hire in fact
80% of employers who post a job on zip
recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day and zip
recruiter does not stop there they even
spot like the strongest applications you
receive so you never miss a great match
the right candidates are out there and
zip recruiter is how you find them now
my listeners can try zip recruiter for
freight which is pretty awesome right
now go to zip recruiters comm slash
daily wire that zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire zip recruiter comm slash
daily wiring again you can now try zip
recruiter for free so go over there make
sure you have the best employees ensure
that your company is staffed up make
sure that you're not stuck with schlubs
like I am every morning I mean how many
of these people will replace my zip
recruiter they don't know they don't
know but if we they are zip recruiter
will be the place that we look sip
recruiter calm and slash daily wire
check it out again you can post for free
over there by using slash daily wire and
let them know that we sent you zip
recruiter is the smartest way to hire ok
so to continue on with the with the
leftist revisionist history about why
America celebrates Martin Luther King
the revisionist history here is not that
Martin Luther King was they're not lying
about some of the revisionist history
right when I say revisionist history
don't mean that they are that they are
fibbing about what Martin Luther King
did I'm saying they're fibbing about why
Martin Luther King was a popular figure
right why Martin Luther King has a day
of his own in the United States so
Leonard Pitts again writing the
syndicated column about the real legacy
of Martin Luther King he says all of
this is foolishness but the foolishness
exists because we allow it to because we
failed to vote like we could teach eat
teach organize and agitate like we
should so 50 years after King was killed
police can still get away with murder
people working full-time jobs still
can't feed themselves we still take
necessities from the masses to give
luxuries to the classes our children are
still ground-up by unnecessary war
african-americans are still hot last
hired first fired still
disproportionately poor sick
undereducated and killed okay well
there's a lot to unpack there but not
every disparity as we will see and we'll
talk about in just a second is due to
discrimination in the United States but
Leonard Pitts is saying that because
there is still disparity that obviously
is a symptom of the same root cause that
Martin Luther King was fighting namely
deep American racism and then of course
Leonard Pitts drops what he considers
his ultimate rhetorical h-bomb also jeff
Sessions is Attorney General and Donald
Trump president okay to call Jeff
Sessions a racist is really absurd Jeff
Sessions prosecuted members of the KKK
and Donald Trump as president a that is
a direct response it really is a Dre I
don't think that that Trump has been
great on race I really don't but if I
haven't made that clear in the past but
see say that Donald Trump is is a cause
of racism rather than an effect of an
intersectional politics that has now
generated a blowback on the other side
of the aisle I think would be wildly
inaccurate it's not evidence of
deep-seated American racism it's
evidence that Americans are willing to
get tribal if they think the other side
of the political aisle gets tribal as
well Leonard Pitts concludes things are
not as awful as they once were
but less awful is not a synonym for good
so those of us who believe in social
justice not as abstract possibility but
it's critical necessity must reclaim the
