she says Michael your your grandfather
is not doing well he's 92 right it would
be so terrific though if if before he
died he could turn on the television and
see you doing something that looked like
work here we are in the Sunday special
with Mike Rowe we'll get to talking with
him he's the host of dirty jobs and the
way I heard it it'll be awesome but
first let's talk about your impending
death so you're going to die sometime
soon maybe not that sumit hopefully
it'll be decades but when you do you're
gonna feel bad because you didn't have
life insurance 71% of people say they
need life insurance only 59% of people
have coverage that means at least 12% of
people are procrastinating and sure
normally procrastinating is a bad thing
but if you've been avoiding getting life
insurance procrastinating may actually
have worked in your favor this time
because you're not dead and well you
were putting it off policy genius was
making it easy so policy genius it's the
easy way to compare life insurance
online you can compare quotes in just
five minutes when it's that easy putting
it off becomes a lot harder you can
compare quotes while sitting on the
couch you can do it while you're
listening to this podcast try it policy
genius has helped over 4 million people
shop for insurance placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage they don't
just make life insurance easy they also
compare disability insurance and renters
insurance and health insurance if you
care about it they can cover it so if
you need life insurance but you've been
putting it off because it's all a little
too confusing or you don't have the time
checkout policy genius it's the easy way
to compare top insurers and find the
best value for you no sales pressure
zero hassle and it's free policy
genius.com when it's this easy to
compare life insurance there's no reason
to put it off well Mike thanks so much
for coming by
really appreciate it that was terrific
thank you honestly you're the first
person who's ever praised the ads at the
beginning of the show so thank you for
that procrastination is the thief of
time I really thought you're going to
sneak it in there with that but kidding
aside I I love I love that there's no
daylight between you and the people who
make the program possible
it's it's refreshingly dare I say
authentic well thank you I appreciate it
because usually what I get is how dare
you interrupt these great conversations
with your money grabs and then I have to
remind people they're watching the show
for free because this is how commerce
operates yeah people don't like to be
reminded of that you see the filthy
lucre somehow pollutes what would
otherwise be a really wonderful series
of observations but now I'm afraid we
can't take you seriously because
somebody somewhere has decided to give
you some money I stretched I'm spent so
folks you can see why I love micro just
from the outset here but let's start
from the beginning so you now do this
podcast that's listened to by tens of
millions of people and you have various
billions billions ok billions people yet
unborn on planets that have not yet been
reached and you have the and you have
here your TV shows which have been
wildly popular you have books your mom
wrote a book they you but they've been
pressing lately you know all about her
mom and that's that's really fantastic
so how did you get from doing what you
were doing when you were 18 is this way
you saw yourself doing when you were 18
how did you get from point A to point B
Wow how long is this room it's about an
hour so okay so the short version is I
was convinced as a young guy growing up
in Baltimore that I would follow in the
footsteps of my grandfather who live
right next door my grandfather was a guy
who went to the seventh grade and then
he went to work by the time he was 30 he
was a master electrician after that he
mastered every other trade there was the
guy could build a house without a
blueprint he was that guy had the chip
right you just knew how to fix stuff
take your watch apart build your house
do whatever the handy gene tragically is
recessive so past me I didn't get that
and by the time I was out of high school
I realized that I would have to get a
different sort of toolbox
I learned to act sort of I learned to
sing a little bit and I I just looked at
a completely different way to go I
eventually got in entertainment kind of
Forrest Gump my way through the whole
landscape of narrating you know I
started narrating when I was really
young if there's a wildebeest trying to
get across the vast reaches of the
barren Serengeti but being slowly eaten
by crocodiles and and hyenas the odds
are decent that I'm telling you about it
sidenote it never works out for the
wildebeest right never leave the herd so
I started doing those things and like
frost says you know way leads on to way
and the next thing you know I'm
impersonating a host in front of various
cameras for various networks and one
show leads to the next and by the time I
was 42 I realize
that impersonating a host though I
become somewhat facile at it was not
nearly as rewarding as as telling the
unvarnished truth which dirty jobs was
it wound up being a attribute to my
granddad my mother my mother called me I
was working for CBS at the time 2001 I'm
in my cubicle and she says Michael it's
hosting a show called evening magazine
terrible show
she says Michael you're your grandfather
is not doing well he's 92 right I'm like
oh you know what do you think she said
maybe another year it would be so
terrific though if if before he died he
could turn on the television and see you
doing something that looked like work so
my mother calls me out when I'm about 42
dirty jobs began as a special for my
grandad people saw it 10,000 letters
came in you should meet my grandad
brother uncle cousin's sister aunt uncle
right and and so for 12 years I went
around the country profiling real people
who do real jobs that typically unfold
in real towns you can't find on a map
and that gave me a certain notoriety in
cable TV and way continued to lead on
two-way and a lot of other great things
have happened I have a foundation now
that focuses on closing the skills gap
and the podcast you mentioned has been
so much fun it's a writing exercise it
helps pass the time on planes their
short stories told in the style of Paul
Harvey's the rest of the story and while
I would never imagine for a moment I
could I could fill his shoes
it's been fun trying to follow in his
footsteps well it's all really fun stuff
to listen to and certainly fun stuff to
watch but it's also really meaningful
because you're one of the few people in
the entertainment industry who really
does take seriously the stuff that
people in the middle of the country are
doing and as the country sort of
polarizes between the folks who are in
the entertainment sphere or the
journalism sphere or the the sort of
high IQ is how they would term
themselves it's fear and the people who
are actually working the jobs that
actually get things done across
the country that that's a voice that
seems to have been lost a lot what do
you think is it do you think that's it
that's a really serious gap Ann do you
think that's a bridgeable gap or is that
is that gap between sort of the people
who deem themselves to be smart and the
people who deem themselves to be doing
jobs that matter that is that destined
to sort of increase as time goes on here
well there's always been a gap right
sometimes it's wide sometimes it's less
wide and we all fall in love with the
romantic version of ourselves right
whether you're a journalist or whether
you're an actor whether whatever it is
you think you are and whoever it is you
think you are that becomes you become
the Sun in your own solar system
so you everything else is just a planet
in orbit right so I think with regard to
the skills gap in regards to really any
gap it's all just symptomatic of a
series of what I would call disconnects
we've become slowly and inexorably and
profoundly disconnected from a lot of
very basic things that when I grew up I
was really connected to like where my
food comes from where my energy comes
from basic history basic curiosity you
know the things that fundamentally allow
us to assume a level of appreciation
that in my view is the best way to
bridge those gaps if we don't have
appreciation right if we're not if we're
not blown away by the miracle that
occurs when you flick the switch and the
lights come on if we're not gobsmacked
by flushing the toilet and seeing all of
it go away right when we start losing
our appreciation for those things the
gap deepens and I think the gap right
now is most extraordinary there's 6.3
million jobs that are available as we
speak we have 75 percent of those jobs
that don't require four-year degree and
yet we're still pushing the four-year
degree as the best path for the most
people and it just happens to be the
most expensive path and a lot of people
as you described who are kind of in the
middle have enough common sense to
realize that one
five trillion dollars in outstanding
student loans there's a version of
lending money we don't have to kids who
can't pay it back to training for jobs
that don't exist anymore and that's
crazy so you know I think there's great
common sense that is still alive and
well and a lot of people and I think
that as they look at the headlines
they're frustrated and to be fair I
think people on the coasts are coming at
it from their own bias and they're
frustrated and so a lot of frustrated
people are talking really loud past each
other
and a lot of truths are inconvenient for
a lot of people and so it just gets
noisy which is a long way of saying no I
don't think the gap will ever close I
I really don't but but I'm not freaked
out by that because I think the the
point is Sisyphean the point is quixotic
right so d let's talk about the college
thing for a minute because let's say
that you're somebody who's thinking
about going to college under what
conditions do you think somebody ought
to go to college and somebody who was a
Poli Sci major which is about the most
useless degree can have outside of like
lesbian dance theory or something then
my minor than that if you Poli Sci is
basically so you can go to law school
that's that's how poly SCI is and this
is true for what we at UCLA called North
Campus majors right all North Campus
majors was like English and poly SCI all
the liberal arts they all this stuff was
prepped for grad degrees or for getting
a low-level job in a newspaper or
something like that the South Campus
majors people were in the sciences and
maths those people were actually doing
something useful who do you think ought
to go to college especially because
there is a concomitant worry that if you
don't go to college and you go for one
of these blue-collar jobs that you're
talking about that don't necessarily
require a four-year degree that those
are you get automated in the in the near
future do you what do you think the
threat of that is and you have an
eighteen-year-old kid you tell him to go
to college or not concomitant
College word right I'd have gone with
contemporaneous but either way either
way those two see words leads to the
other C word which is curiosity no not
that one right look anybody who's
curious and who can afford it should go
to college the thing that I deal with
most often with my foundation which
focuses primarily on jobs that don't
require four-year degree that actually
exists when I come out in favor of those
opportunities what comes back over the
net usually with a lot of topspin is the
accusation that I'm anti college or anti
education I'm not my liberal arts degree
served me really really really really
well I got it in 1984 it was the product
of a two-year Community College and then
another couple years at a university and
when the dust settled the whole bill was
$9,800 same exact thing today is
eighty-eight grant right so my answer to
your question is hey can you afford it
if you can't don't know that doesn't
mean don't borrow money but if you don't
if you're not afflicted with a passion
for the major and you have to borrow 20
30 50 80 hundred thousand dollars in
order to pursue the thing you may or may
not be truly passionate about then I
don't know what to say to you other than
that has to be a function of either pure
pressure parental pressure were really
bad guidance counseling because I get it
it's not fair to compare a liberal
education to workforce development right
but at some point the only four-letter
word that truly matters is debt and you
can either do it or you can't I'll say
this to you know when I went to school
part of what you paid for was access a
big part of what you pay for right all
this information exists in obviously
libraries but mostly in the minds of
professors and you get access you sit in
front of them and you and you learned
well you know we have in our pockets
right now a device that gives us access
to 98% of the known information
world you can watch lectures from MIT
Yale Dartmouth William and Mary and all
the great schools for free I'm not
saying it's the same thing I'm just
saying that the cost of college is
unconscionable and and to to say that
questioning it is somehow fundamentally
you know out of bounds I just think it's
the it's the height of hubris so what do
we do
there there's a lot of talk pretty I
dove the political aisle right now about
the about the sort of falling down of
American industry supposedly this idea
that manufacturing is going away we're
moving toward a service economy that a
lot of these jobs are eventually going
to be automated or outsourced what do we
say to people who may not want to go to
college may want to get one of these
jobs worries that ten years from now
they're gonna be basically priced out of
the market by they want to be a trucker
and now there's gonna be Google trucks
on the roads
what do we do about that is there a
solution to that or is it just a matter
of human beings have to be adaptable
that you know I mean look when my
grandfather saw me mess up the
foundation and hang the drywall not
plumb you know he was very nice but
eventually eventually he just said look
you know you can be a tradesman if you
want to you just need a different
toolbox and it was really wonderful
advice in hindsight you know the idea
that I could work in Hollywood like an
electrician you know the ultimate
freelance really by the way the origins
of that word you're familiar with
freelance now it was literally a free
lance in medieval days you know you're a
knight who served whoever hired you
you're a mercenary mhm
well if you have a skill you can do that
because the skill goes wherever you go
what' question again anything question
was what do we do about the
manufacturing jobs that could be
disappearing is it something that the
government can solve or we tie is it a
trade problem is it a technology problem
or is it just gonna have to be people
adjusting as as time goes on what if
it's not a problem at all
what if it's simply the oldest
story in the world I mean I'm not a
history major but I read about the
Luddite revolution I read about what
happened in textiles I read about the
advent of looms and what that meant the
same exact argument then everybody
always says it's different this time
and maybe it is I don't know but
everybody always says it's different and
it almost never is in fact I don't think
it's ever been different so I don't know
I don't know what's a can I envision a
time when driverless cars and pilotless
planes are going all around I but I
think we'll live to see it I don't think
so I think we might I think you might
see a truck driving down the highway in
the next twenty years that's being
completely automated I also think you're
gonna see a human sitting behind the
wheel so okay so he's here you're just
optimistic in general about the
possibility that a lot of these jobs
will continue to exist because there's a
lot of pessimism from people like for
example we had aaron eric weinstein from
the from Peter Thiel's company last week
and he was deeply concerned about the
possibility as a lot of people are that
a lot of these blue-collar jobs are just
gonna go away and you're gonna have to
end up with some sort of universal basic
income or people who are not the
creatives end up not working but being
supported by the creatives because all
of these blue-collar jobs eventually
ends up being automated and and
destroyed over time I only answer that
first I'm gonna make an obscene profit
pitch so let's do that with all the
recent news about online security
breaches it's hard not to worry about
where my data goes making an online
purchase simply accessing your email
could put your private information at
risk you're being tracked online by
social media sites marketing companies
your mobile or Internet provider not
only can they actually record your
browsing browsing history they often
sell it to other corporations who would
like to profit from that information
which is why I've taken my privacy back
using expressvpn you do need a VPN and
expressvpn is the best they have easy to
use apps that run seamlessly in the
background of your computer phone and
tablet you turn on expressvpn with one
click an express VPN secures and
anonymizes your internet browsing by
encrypting your data hiding your public
IP address protecting yourself with
expressvpn it cost less than seven bucks
a month expressvpn is rated the number
one VPN service by TechRadar it comes
with a 30-day money-back guarantee so if
you ever use public Wi-Fi and you want
to keep hackers and spies from seeing
your data expressvpn is
solution and if you don't want to hand
over your online history to internet
providers or data resellers expressvpn
is the answer protect your online
activity today find out how you can get
three months for free and expressvpn
comm slash gun that's expr ESS VPN comm
slash penny at three months free with
the one-year package expressvpn comm
slash band to learn more okay so it says
restate the question for those who
forgot it during that ad the basic the
basic question was a lot of folks right
now on both sides of the aisle are
worried about the bifurcation of an
economy where it becomes in what they
are calling now an IQ economy the idea
that if you are a creative type if
you're somebody who can do stuff that
machines can't do that artificial
intelligence can't do you'll have a job
in the future and you will and and your
job will be relatively safe and if you
are somebody who is working as a truck
driver that you're basically going to be
screwed and there isn't gonna be a lot
of job opportunity available to you do
you think that's something that's not
going to happen or if it does happen is
there a solution like universal basic
income that people are talking about
