so Sean Hannity's in the middle of
another boycott we will discuss how to
fight it
Plus ROI more guilty or innocent we will
go through all of the details in
president trump sends the best tweet of
his career Bar None I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show so every week is
an adventure around here I mean really
an adventure and if you were wondering
yes I still have my cold that's why I
sound so deep-voiced and masculine today
but in any case there's so much to
discuss I want to talk about a New York
Times column which is one of the worst
columns I have ever seen in which the
author a professor at U Shiva University
suggests that his black child should not
be allowed to play with white children
no I am not kidding we'll go through the
keurig boycott there are a lot of people
who are breaking their Keurig coffee
machines and I'll explain why to you
plus we'll look at the latest on the Roy
Moore accusations breaking news the
Gloria Allred the famed gadfly and media
hound is is supposed to show up in about
two hours here and make some
announcements she's supposed to have a
press conference I guess in which she
announces that there is a second accuser
who says that when she was underage Roy
Moore the Senate Republican kanzen
Alabama sexually assaulted her
we'll discuss all this in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over a legacy box so I think
that one of the most important things
that you can do especially as you get
older is ensure that your family
memories are preserved there's
particularly true for your parents you
know your parents are getting older
they've got boxes and boxes of crap in
their garage all the old photos all the
old reels all these things you'll never
be able to watch because they're not
even on VHS tapes let alone on DVD well
what you need to do is go over to legacy
box they send you a box in the mail you
take all of these items you pack them up
you send it back to them and legacy box
puts them all together and they send it
back to you on a DVD or a thumb drive so
all of those family memories are no
longer in these waterlogged boxes in
your in your infested garage instead
they're in your house
and you can take them out take a look at
them whenever you want and when there's
a fire you just grab the thumb drive
instead of trying to schlep 37 pounds of
photos on your back out of the out of
the family garage so that's what legacy
box is for so legacy boxes comp will
slash spending at a 40% discount on your
order 250,000 families have used them
and they take care of everything that
provided updates at every step of the
way so you know that they've got your
materials they put individualized
barcodes
every one of your items you can trace it
all the way through the process again
it's legacy box comm slash bed you get a
40% discount on your order
that's legacy box comm slash bed legacy
box.com slash bed and make sure they use
that slash bed so you get the discount
and also so that they know that we say
you really as a fantastic if great
christmas gift great Hanukkah gifts if
you're trying to figure out what to get
for mom and dad nothing better than
preserving the family memories okay so
we begin today with the Keurig boycott
so this is going crazy online I want to
talk a little bit about the tactic of it
and why I think sometimes it is useful
so we have to begin with an interview
that Roy Moore did with Sean Hannity so
Sean Hannity I think has been a probably
the strongest Donald Trump defender in
the media he's also been a big Roy Moore
defender however when these allegations
arose against Roy Moore Sean Hannity
went through them and Media Matters
basically decided that they were going
to target Hannity now Media Matters is a
left-wing agitprop group run by david
brock they've targeted rush limbaugh
before they've targeted sean hannity
before they've targeted virtually every
major right-wing host has been targeted
at some point by media matters and media
matters is a clinton agitprop
organization they were they were
co-founded essentially by the Clintons
in the Podesta's and their entire goal
was to defend the Democratic agenda from
the outside what they do is they in some
cases take quotes out of context or make
up allegations or then they call up all
the advertisers on programs like Sean
Hannity and then they convince them that
there are tons of people who are super
outraged at these advertisers for
advertising on hannity and they get them
to pull their advertisements so what
they allege is a couple of things they
said that sean hannity had said that it
was consensual the the allegations about
roy board that this for that he had
taken a 14 year old girl out they'd
taken her from her home that he'd
stripped her down that he touched her
and had made her touch him they said
that that had and he had said that was
consensual had he never said any such
thing we went through that tape last
week if you recall then they said that
his interview with Roy Moore was
basically propaganda for Roy Moore it
certainly wasn't here's some clips from
the interview with Roy boy this wall you
should remember these clips cuz these
will also become relevant while we
discuss the actual allegations against
Roy board the Senate Republican
candidate Alabama
that's time in your life let me ask you
this you do remember these girls would
it be unusual for you as a 32 year old
guy to have dated
woman as young as 17 I'll be a 15 year
difference or a girl 18 do you remember
dating girls that young at that time not
generally no if I did you know just 15
things but I don't remember anything
like that but you don't specifically
remember having any girlfriend that was
in her late teens even at that time I
don't remember that and I don't remember
ever dating any girl without the
permission of her mother and I think in
their statement she said that her mother
actually encouraged her to go out with
me these allegations are completely
false false and misleading but more than
that it hurts me personally because you
know I'm a father I have one daughter I
have five granddaughters and I have a
special concern for protection of young
ladies okay so more you know these those
not good responses buy more but it was
pretty good interviewing my handy handy
went through each of the charges
individually he discussed them at length
with write more it was a good interview
it doesn't matter media matters decide
they're gonna target Sean anyway so they
go after Carrick by having my
astroturfing a bunch of people to tweet
at Kerrigan Caragh responds with this
tweet so Keurig responds by saying
Angela Angela carosone is the is the
head of media matters is good afternoon
and Keurig you're currently sponsoring
Sean Hannity's show he defends child
molester Roy Moore and attacks women who
speak out against sexual harassment
please reconsider okay he can't name how
Sean actually defended child molester
Roy Moore and he also can't explain
exactly how Sean attacked women who
spoke out against sexual harassment like
he doesn't actually have any evidence of
that this is all nonsense but Keurig
responds because advertisers get afraid
of controversy so Keurig responds by
saying Angelou thank you for your
concern and for bringing this to our
attention we worked with our media
partner and Fox News to stop our ad from
airing during the sean hannity show so
they pulled their advertisements well
this drove a lot of Sean's fans to
basically pull a reverse boycott and say
okay we're not gonna buy accurate
products anymore if you're gonna pull
stuff based on Media Matters going after
Sean Hannity well then we're not gonna
sponsor you right you won't sponsor Sean
we won't sponsor you now there are a
couple of things that are right about
this and maybe one thing that I think is
a problem but here are some video of
people destroying their Keurig machines
so this is this one is going viral this
is a fellow who decide to go golfing
against his Keurig machine he tweeted
guys magnet Twitter is drilling current
machines with 10-pound practice drivers
here we go
and there goes the Keurig machine I
believe we have one here at the office
we have not yet shattered it the reason
we haven't shattered it yet is because
if you shatter a machine that you
already bought that doesn't actually
involve a boycott right like if I
shatter something I've already bought
all that means is that I don't have the
thing anymore so I'm not really sure how
that is effective but the idea that
you're gonna boycott a place like Keurig
for pulling out advertising it's not
completely wrongheaded I think that a
lot of people who are making fun of it
today this is not the only example of
somebody to strung a Keurig machine
here's another example of somebody doing
it wait oh boy the second story somebody
broke the Keurig machine again I don't
see the point of buying a product and
then breaking the product that doesn't
make a lot of sense to me if you want to
boycott here just don't buy more k-cups
but here is sort of the logic when I was
at Ruth revolt we launched boycott
campaigns against people like Al
Sharpton against Martin Bashir on MSNBC
when we launched a boycott campaign
against Alec Baldwin we helped get Alec
Baldwin kicked off the air at MSNBC the
point of those was not because we
thought the boycotting advertisers that
sponsor programs politically is wrong in
fact we obviously love that the reason
we did that is because we were trying to
prove to the left that this is a bad
tactic we wanted mutually assured
destruction the idea here is that
whenever the left gets angry they
pressure advertisers to pull advertising
from political programming and that's
really dangerous because what that ends
up doing is creating a market vacuum
where people refuse to advertise on
places like Fox News you want know why
Fox News is constantly running you know
catheter ads and why MSNBC which has
lower ratings is constantly running car
ads the reason is because nobody is
boycotting the cars but a lot of people
are boycotting new cars if they appear
in Fox News so long as the left insists
on playing this game playing the game in
Reverse seems to me justified as a
mutually assured destruction scenario it
shouldn't be something that we embrace
wholeheartedly it shouldn't be something
where we say yeah boycott advertisers I
don't like boycotting advertisers I
think that it's generally wrong but if
the idea here is that you have to teach
advertisers number one that you can
astroturf a call on pretty much anything
and number two teach to the left that
this takes it this has the same effect
on the left that it has on the right and
everybody should you know put down their
guns and that seems to me like that'd be
a worthwhile thing meet at the bottom
line here's the Media Matters a really
despicable organisation and they're
making
allegations in order to go after Sean
you know there are plenty of things that
Media Matters could go after Sean after
if they wanted to but that's not exactly
what they decided to do instead they
decided to take Sean out of context
deliberately in order to go after him
and it's pathetic that advertisers fell
prey to that speaking of taking out of
context there's an article in Time
magazine today that I just want to
correct
Time magazine around an allegation by a
girl who was 16 I guess when she met
George HW Bush HW was 79 at the time and
apparently HW grabbed this girl's ass
apparently he this is the allegation
anyway is that HW grabbed this woman's
butt and she was shocked by it here's
the piece from from Time magazine her
name I guess is Rosalyn Corrigan now in
say hydras links apparently she's a
listener of the show the reason I know
that she's a listener of the show is
because it says in the article she said
recently she was listening to an episode
of a podcast hosted by ben shapiro
called his everything sexual assault
that was a couple weeks ago allegations
against bush were discussed on the show
and she said when i heard that was the
reason like oh he's just an old man and
he doesn't know any better and he's just
being harmless and playful and it's just
where his arm falls i just burst into
uncontrollable sobbing Corrigan said I
just couldn't sit with that I can't I
can't sit with that I can't sleep
anymore because that's not true and it's
not an excuse well I thought what I said
on the show and I actually don't think
that's what Corrigan is saying I to give
her credit I really don't think that
this this particular lady is saying that
I said on the show that HW Bush did it
because he was senile when I said on the
show is if he did it because it was Cena
because he's actually senile that's a
different story than if he did it not
being senile in which case he deserves
to be punched right if somebody grabbed
my wife's ass I would punch them at the
very least I'd push them around a little
bit okay the idea that it's okay if you
are not senile but you're old is just
ridiculous the idea that old guys can do
this stuff I said it on the show two
weeks ago right you can go back and
listen to the show but Time magazine
reports that out of context as though I
was defending bush and saying he was see
now I wasn't saying that at all I was
saying if he's seen how that changes the
scenario but if he's not senile then
that's obviously disgusting behavior
I've been I you know not to not to toot
my own horn here but I've been pretty
damn consistent on the sexual harassment
frontier and pretty consistent on the
sexual assault sexual harassment front
and that's why I'm trying to you know on
the Roy Moore stuff be as objective as
possible so today one of the things that
I want to do here is go through the what
I think are five have various
perspectives that are all
together with regard to the Roy Moore
allegations the latest on the Roy Moore
allegations as I say is the Gloria
Allred is saying that she wants to
present another accuser who's underage
and Roy Moore sexually assaulted her
that's the that's the the accusation
apparently according to the mainstream
media and there is the Breitbart news
also was going out of its way they're
sending a couple of different reporters
down to Alabama to try and discredit the
the story about the fourteen-year-old
girl who is who has accused now she's
you know in her fifties who accused
right more of taking her home and then
sexually assaulting her essentially so
here are the five perspectives on the
Roy Moore sadness he listened to the
audio already ok listen to the audio
more I don't find it particularly a
compelling defense saying I always talk
to her mother's first is not really an
excuse for dating underage girls the the
idea that when he says I can't remember
dating some of these women and then he
says well there was one of these women
and I remember being friends with her if
you want to call it a date I guess it's
a date
none of this speaks well to to his
recollection of events he was very
careful in that interview to say he'd
done nothing illegal but he did not
really deny knowledge of anything except
this 14-year old girl now the reason the
fourteen-year-old girl her allegations
are credible is because there are
supporting details that are credible
right so she says that she met him in
court that more basically recruited her
outside a courtroom her mom was in the
court but Roy Moore said I'll wait out
here with a fourteen-year-old daughter
and then he started hitting on her and
got her phone number and all of this
more was at the court at the time she
was at the court at the time her mom was
at the court at the time there are
multiple witnesses who say that this
woman has told the story over and over
and then she was sought out by The
Washington Post right she wasn't looking
for glory she wasn't looking for a
settlement she wasn't looking for cash
instead the Washington Post had to
basically push her into testifying now
the way that Breitbart pushes that
Breitbart news has pushed this in the
sense that well look at the Washington
Post they're politically motivated right
we know they're politically motivated
that's true that doesn't mean the
underlying facts are not true it's
politically motivated when Andrew
Breitbart goes after Andrew Weiner I
know I know Andrew you know that that's
it but that doesn't mean that what he
was saying was false and I think we have
to separate these things out politically
motivated does not always mean false
okay so here are the five perspectives I
think on a more and what to do about him
so perspective number one is turnabout
is fair play there are a lot of people
in
other right who are looking around
they're saying listen the left is not
willing to throw anyone out no matter
what the standard we can't play we can't
disarm ourselves right this is the
prisoner's dilemma I was talking about
last week I don't think it's necessarily
a moral perspective but it's a
politically advantageous one I guess
this is the idea that the left is not
gonna throw out people like bob menendez
so why we throw out roy more without
natural conviction and you were actually
convicted the Democrats are not gonna
throw out bob menendez right dick durbin
the senator from Illinois was asked
about Bob Menendez who is currently on
trial for corruption the senator from
New Jersey and he's asked if he's
convicted will you will you move to kick
him out of the Senate Durbin won't even
answer the question if your colleague
Senator Bob Menendez new jersey democrat
is convicted on the corruption charges
he's on trial right now the jury is
still deliberating will you vote to
expel him I'm not going to get into the
hypotheticals on either of these
situations as I said several steps
removed I'm hopeful that when all is
said and done that Bob Menendez will be
returning to the Senate representing the
state of New Jersey okay so this idea
that the Democrats are somehow moral
players here is obviously not true and a
lot of Republicans are responding to
this by basically saying well fine if
you're not gonna get rid of it ed knows
why would you get rid of more right Amy
Klobuchar who's the the Democrat senator
from Minnesota
she says that maybe if if Moore is
elected maybe will expel him but I don't
remember her saying anything like this
grabbin Edna's who's actually on trial
right now you're in favor of starting
the expulsion process potentially if he
is elected that's one way we can do it
but the other way is for the people of
Alabama to look at these two candidates
and yes I have faith that they're gonna
look at what happened in these
allegations and the fact that there's 30
witnesses and make a decision on someone
else again oh the hypocrisy front
lawrence O'Donnell who's not said one
word as far as I'm aware about expelling
Bob Menendez he asks Mitch McConnell he
says what are you gonna do about more
what are you gonna do about more and a
lot of people out there like well screw
