a huge day in news President Trump
making a very gutsy call on Israel and
Jerusalem
Al Franken finally looks like he's on
his way out the door and serious
controversy still brewing over Roy Moore
in Alabama with Steve Ben and the
execrable getting into office I'll
explain I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so as always of late the
news is just coming out of the firehose
and there is an almost no way to imbibe
enough of it to really stay abreast of
it there's so much news breaking so
quickly President Trump about to make a
major announcement on Jerusalem as
Israel's capital long-overdue at least
decades overdue so that's a great thing
Plus Al Franken on his way out I will
explain why that's happening did
Democrats suddenly discover principal
not really but does that excuse
Republicans for having abandoned
principal not really and speaking of
that will talk about Roy Moore in the
latest from down south but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so as I have said many times
I am not good at sleep great a lots of
things not good at sleep or at least I
wasn't until I got a helix sleep
mattress the way it works over at helix
sleep is they actually customize a
mattress for you go over to their
website and helix sleep comm slash Ben
and you take a quiz and it gives you a
profile you know how much do you weigh
how is what's your body shape do you
like to sleep on your side your back
don't sleep on your stomach do you want
the mattress to be breathable or firm
you know all the different settings and
then they send it to in the mail you
open the box it's a foam mattress when
you unwrap it it just inflates right in
front of you and it's ready to go it's
such a nice mattress that we took a much
more expensive mattress from our room
and we actually put it in the other room
so that we could use our helix sleep
mattress my wife absolutely adores this
mattress everyone who tries it likes it
in and here's the good news if you're
one of the few who doesn't
well you don't lose anything because you
can try it for 100 nights and if you
don't love it they will pick it up and
refund you in full the mattress arrives
direct to your door and a week shipping
is completely free go to helix sleep
calm slash Ben right now helix sleep
calm slash Ben they'll get 50 bucks
towards your custom mattress that helix
sleep calm / Ben for 50 bucks off your
order
again helix sleep calm / Ben and it's
less expensive than other mattresses
because you're getting it online anyway
so it's pretty great so yeah 50 bucks
off again helix sleep calm / Ben for 50
bucks off okay so we begin with
President Trump making a major
announcement it's supposed to happen in
about 45 minutes here it's supposed to
happen at 10:00
and that is in it's an amazing thing
he's supposed to the rumor is should not
just announce that the United States is
view now officially is that Jerusalem is
the eternal capital of Israel but also
that he's going to move the embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem this is a great
and brave thing to do and I'm gonna give
you a multiplicity of reasons why this
is a great and brave thing to do by
President Trump and not something
frankly that I expected from President
Trump I may be the statement about
Jerusalem being Israel's capital because
lots of presidents have said similar
stuff but not the statement about moving
the embassy because that's always been
politically dicey so the law is and it
has been since 1995 Congress passed a
law and they passed it overwhelmingly
that that said that Israel's capital was
Jerusalem and that it should remain
undivided that law was passed in 93 to 5
in the Senate and 374 to 37 in the house
in 1995 for years the president has been
waving that law Bush did it Clinton did
it Obama did it none of them would
actually build the embassy because they
supposedly didn't want to undercut the
peace process but really what it was
about is they they wanted to cater to
and surrender to the whims of the
Palestinian Authority a terrorist group
as well as other Muslim nations that
were propping up that terrorist group
this was stupid policy so let's begin
with the facts okay
Jerusalem is was and will be the eternal
capital of Israel Jerusalem is only
important the only reason you've heard
of it the only reason anyone cares about
it is because the Jews made it important
okay that is literally the only reason
otherwise it's just another city in the
Middle East there's both the capital of
the Kingdom of Israel and the site of
the temple it was the wellspring of
Judaic thought for literally millennia
okay when I pray three times a day
Jerusalem is mentioned frequently in
those prayers both Christianity and
Islam value Jerusalem because Judaism
did first the dream of Jerusalem has
animated the Jewish people for its
entire existence the most famous case
being in Psalms 137 where it says if I
forget the Jerusalem may my right hand
forget it's skill Jerusalem is mentioned
literally hundreds of times in what we
call Tanakh that be the Old Testament so
that includes the Torah as well as the
prophets and the writings the only
reason that it's not mentioned
specifically in the five books of Moses
is because at that time it was actually
two cities one called youru and the
other called shalom and then it was put
together into yerushalayim right it
became one city sort of like Buddha and
past became Buddha past in any case it's
always been the center of Judaic
thinking it's always been the holiest
spot in Judaism
Jerusalem by contrast has not mentioned
one single time anywhere in the Quran if
Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem and
this is the root of why Muslims want to
declare that Jews don't have a claim
also it's the root of why the papacy has
been really split on Jerusalem right
there there have been Pope's who have
been Pro the idea of Jewish sovereignty
in Jerusalem and then the current Pope
says that it should be internationalized
which is just insipid because if you
have Muslim rule over Jerusalem that
means nobody else gets to come in and
again Jewish sovereignty over a Jewish
holy site seems like the basic the basic
notion is just moral especially since
Jews have maintained the holy sites of
both Muslims and Christians in Jerusalem
if Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem
they don't claim to anything they've
claims to nothing if they don't claim to
Jerusalem there's no claim to tel-aviv
there's no claim to Haifa there's no
claim to Yaffa
yeah oh there isn't there's no claim to
Akko there's no claim to any other city
in Israel if you don't have a claim to
Jerusalem
hey that's fact number one and Trump is
recognizing an established fact on the
ground number two as I say Congress has
long recognized Jerusalem as Israel's
capital not just in 1995 this year
because you're seeing a bunch of Senate
Democrats now oh how dare Trump how
terrible for president Trump who says
how could president Trump - he's gonna
lead to a conflagration well so he jerks
were saying literally six months ago in
June there was a resolution that was
passed on the floor of the Senate it was
passed 90 to nothing zero dissenting
votes 90 to nothing saying that Israel's
remain it's it's eternal capital is
Jerusalem and it should remain undivided
okay third point recognizing Jerusalem
as Israel's capital recognizes Israeli
sovereignty hey Israel gets to negotiate
on its own behalf it's not up to the
United States or any other foreign
nation to negotiate on Israel's behalf
with regard to its own capital to
understand how important this is imagine
that foreign bodies came in and told the
United States that we had to give up
Washington DC now imagine that
Washington DC wasn't just a city that
was built on a swamp so that we didn't
have to build it inside a state it had
been divinely ordained by God for the
American people okay that's how
important Jerusalem is to the Jews it is
the basis of all Judaic thought and all
Judaic history and people who are saying
they're gonna force Israel into making
these concessions it's immoral
okay Israel gets to make a call on its
own okay recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital will minimize violence
you're hearing a lot of myths today from
the left oh look
it violence terrorism is coming first of
all the Palestinian Authority is was and
always will be a terrorist density Hamas
is was will be a terrorist entity as
Lama ki HOD is was will be a terrorist
entity all of the people threatening
violence today we're anti-semites
yesterday they'll be anti-semites
tomorrow they were terrorists yesterday
and there will be terrorists tomorrow if
it's a day ending and why the
Palestinian Authority is interested in
murdering Jews in terror attacks the
same is true of course of Hamas the idea
that the Jerusalem is the sticking point
in negotiations is just not true one
thing that will happen by recognizing
Israel sovereignty over Jerusalem is
that the Palestinians may lose hope that
they can pry Jerusalem from Israel by
pressuring the United States or
pressuring the west through terror
attack maybe they'll finally recognized
reality and they'll recognize this is
just not going to be part of the
negotiations okay fifth the United
States should not be bullied by
terrorists period anywhere all over the
world the idea that the United States
ever signed off on the Oslo Accords is
ridiculous Israel never should have
either the idea that you're going to be
blackmailed by people that you're they
were gonna say to you you know if you
just give us land then we'll stop
murdering your children blackmail used
to be a violation of both domestic and
international law then it was made into
the centerpiece of American foreign
policy in the Middle East for 20 years
and the centerpiece of Israel
Palestinian policy for 25 years it never
worked
Oslo is a full-scale disaster as it
turns out the person who's trying to
blackmail you wants the money okay they
don't want to turn back over the the
Doug regretting material if somebody
steals the porn off your computer and
then they want to blackmail you because
they have the porn on your computer
their goal is not to give you back the
porn on your computer their goal is to
continue getting money out of you
okay Oslo was always a blackmail deal
anything that blackmail deal is good for
the United States it's not caving to
terrorism also as I say
recognizing reality makes peace more
possible so a big underdeveloped piece
of news that came out last week is that
the Saudi monarchy reportedly summoned
Palestinian leadership and told them to
support a peace deal with the Israelis
not only that that deal would retain
major Israeli settlement blocs prevent
the establishment of a standing
Palestinian army and leave the PA
without Jerusalem as a Palestinian
capital in other words the Saudis know
about this already
everybody is claiming all the Saudis are
so mad the Saudis are not mad the Saudis
knew about this
they were paving the way about this
Jared Kushner over the White House I'm
sure was talking to Saudi Arabia you
know two weeks ago people were saying he
Cal telling to the Saudis now they're
saying he's stabbing the Saudis in the
back is it possible that maybe he was
talking with the Saudis is it possible
that the new anti-iranian alliance
Jordan Egypt Saudi Arabia Israel that
that Alliance is strengthened by this
status being clarified that we can
finally get this issue off the table
then now that this is clear that the
United States recognizes the truth that
Jerusalem is Israel's capital that Saudi
Arabia and Jordan and Egypt are just
gonna have to accept it if they want
this alliance against the Iranians as I
say this also means continuing the
anti-iranian alliance and forwarding the
anti-iranian alliance right in 1991
during the Gulf War George HW Bush faced
a choice
Israel was hit by Scud missiles by
Saddam Hussein and Israel wanted to join
the coalition to topple Saddam Hussein
and the or at least you push Saddam
Hussein out of Kuwait and HW said to the
Israelis don't get involved because
you'll fracture our coalition it was a
bad move HW should have said sure get
involved and then he should have said to
the Saudis you don't like it well then
fine deal with it yourself you don't
like Israel being on your side that's
your problem he could have forced a
peace through mutual Assurance he could
have forced a peace through mutual
recognition of common interest and
that's exactly what's happening in the
aftermath of Iran okay so I wanted to
lay out all of those reasons to show you
that what Trump is doing here is not
just immoral it is also smart I also
want to point out here that all of the
talk about how this recognition is going
to cause violence violence in Jerusalem
has long predated any of these
negotiations let me give you a brief
history of Jerusalem here so you have
more information today than you did
yesterday okay
in 1929 before there was in Israel
before there was Jewish sovereignty over
Jerusalem before there was Arab
sovereignty over Jerusalem it was
British Mandate Palestine right was the
British running Jerusalem and there were
riots in Jerusalem by Arabs against Jews
17 people were killed why because Jews
had the temerity to bring chairs to the
Wailing Wall to the western wall the
second holiest site in Judaism the
holiest site in Judaism is the Temple
Mount Jews are still not allowed up on
the Temple Mount because the Dome of the
rock is up there and the Muslims run it
so Jews will allow Muslims into Jewish
areas but Muslims will never allow Jews
into Jewish areas which is why Jews
should run the place and not Muslims
okay but in 1929 before any of this was
an issue for any of it existed right at
that time the Jews just
to bring chairs for the elderly and
infirm to the western wall so Arabs
rioted and killed 17 people then they
ride in have Ronan Hebron and they
killed 60 more Jews there's a report
from the British here's what it
described quote Arabs in Hebron made a
most ferocious attack on the Jewish
ghetto and on isolated Jewish houses
lying outside the crowded quarters of
the town more than 60 Jews including
many women and children were murdered
more than 50 were wounded okay fast
forward to 1948 so Israel accepts the
deal the partition deal from the UN the
UN was gonna partition Jerusalem there's
gonna divide Jerusalem instead the Arabs
blockaded Jerusalem cut off all the
roads and tried to basically put the
Jews in Jerusalem the largest most
Jewish city in Israel under siege
the Israelis at the cost of thousands of
lives finally broke through but East
Jerusalem remained in Arab hands in
Muslim hands and not only that so did
the Western Wall so did the Temple Mount
so was everything peaceful was
everything fine when the Arabs are
running it the answer was no of course
because in 1964 while the Arabs were
still running East Jerusalem and Jordan
had sovereignty over East Jerusalem the
Palestine Liberation Organization was
formed that would later become the
Palestinian Authority that was Yasser
Arafat's group in 1964 their stated goal
the full destruction of the State of
Israel from the river to the sea
Palestine shall be free that was their
slogan okay that was well they were
running Jerusalem so anyone who says
that Jerusalem is the sticking point
Jerusalem is not the sticking point in
1967 Israel finally takes over East
Jerusalem and frees East Jerusalem by
the way when I say freeze I mean that
the Arab parts of East Jerusalem are
still run like an Arab dictatorship even
though Israel has sovereignty when I
visited Israel in 2001 this is middle
with Second Intifada when we came out in
East Jerusalem I had to be guarded by
Israeli soldiers if you are a Jew
walking from East Jerusalem Arab East
Jerusalem you know life is in danger if
you are an Arab a Muslim walking through
West Jerusalem no problems at all
because that's the way tyranny versus
democracy works
by the way Israel handed back controlled
the Temple Mount to the Islamic walk
which is a huge miscalculation Jews are
still not allowed to pray on the Temple
Mount if I went there and tried to pray
I'd be arrested in 1993 Israel agreed to
negotiate with the terrorists
Palestinian Authority including over
Jerusalem what happened massive uptick
in terror in 2000 at the Camp David
summit Israeli prime minister o hoot
Barak of the Israeli Labor Party offered
Palestinian terrorists Yasser Arafat
control over East Jerusalem and the
Temple Mount itself according to Bill
Clinton Arafat didn't even submit a
counteroffer he left the table and he
started the Second Intifada resulting in
the murder of over 700 Jews I was in
Israel when the spiral pizzeria was
bombed and I remember walking past the
ruins of the pizzeria in the center of
Jerusalem all of that after Israel had
offered East Jerusalem to the
Palestinians in 2008 Israeli Prime
Minister akuto merrick offered a new
Palestinian terrorist dictator mouth
would Abbas international control of
Jerusalem's Old City which would include
the holy sites not only that he also
offered some of Israeli lands who make
up for the Israeli settlements that have
been built an Israeli land strip that
would connect the Gaza Strip to Judea
and Samaria Abbas turned it down without
a counteroffer and then launched another
round of violence in coordination with
Hamas and Gaza so all of this talk about
how it's just Jerusalem that if we were
to solidify the status of Jerusalem this
would cause violence no Jerusalem is an
excuse for violence and if Jerusalem
were an Arab hands there would still be
violence because there was when it was
in Arab hands okay so now you have all
the background that you need on this
particular topic so don't believe any of
the mythology Trump is making a moral
move and a politically smart move and a
politically valuable move for American
policy in the Middle East okay so now I
want to move to another topic that topic
of course is Democrats so Democrats have
now decided that Al Franken has to go
it's actually kind of an amazing thing
right there they're now saying that is
seven senators I believe have come out
in the last hour and said that Al
Franken needs to go why because there
was a new allegation with regard to with
regard to Al Franken there was an aide
who said that he tried to force himself
on earth he tried to kiss her and then
when she refused then she then then he
said I'm an entertainer and I'm owed
this he denies this allegation doesn't
matter Democrats have decided to throw
him under the bus they're mostly
throwing him under the bus because they
want to push Republicans into a corner
with regard to Roy Moore they want to
say we have the moral high ground you
