lots of stuff coming out of President
Trump's face yeah lots of stuff and most
of it isn't very good plus some staffing
chaos over a toy house we'll talk about
all of these things and more I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so if you sense him unwi in me if he
sends a little bit of tiredness that's
because I was up at 2 o'clock Pacific
time so I could fly back and do the show
but never fear we shall soldier through
because I mean that's just the kind of
people we are through rain through sleet
through snow through hail we must not
let the Shapiro show fail so we will do
all of the coverage in just a second and
many a piece of news there B so we'll
get through all of those things first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Skillshare so yeah you are
trying to make a living to yourself and
more than that you're trying to increase
your living you're trying to make a
better wage you're trying to some for
that better job you're trying to start a
side business well that's where
Skillshare comes in it's an online
learning platform with over 18,000
classes and design business technology
and more sits class and graphic design
social media marketing illustration
mobile photography people around here
they're taking these classes all the
time because they don't take the classes
and make their skillset better they get
fired so it's good that they're taking
classes over at Skillshare it's also
good thing for you to take classes over
at Skillshare because now you have a
whole set of skills you can put down on
your resume and all of these classes are
taught by experts they're 45 minutes
long they're really top-notch they are
really good they really work I've used a
couple of them took one on SEO marketing
also took one on watercolours which
helps me relax after I'm done fomenting
rebellion in this show join the millions
of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for my listeners get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents so they're
offering my listeners right now two
months of unlimited access to over
18,000 classes for just 99 cents so you
go to skill shared comm slash Shapiro
for that deal Skillshare comm slash
Shapiro again when you use slash Shapiro
you get two months for just 99 cents of
unlimited access you can check it out
see whether you like it I promise you
will it's fantastic Skillshare comm
slash prepare to get your two months for
99 cents Skillshare comm slash appear
I'll also use slash apparel so they know
that we sent you alright so yesterday
the President of the United States
decided that he was going to hold
another one of these open meetings with
Democrats and Republicans in front of
the cameras now usually in front of the
cameras the president tries to please
members of both parties the president
above all is a performer crazy guy who's
on reality TV he's been on the cover of
every magazine he's been performing
he's been performing every single you
know all the time for years
and that performance does not stop just
because he's the President of the United
States when a camera is on when the red
light is on he's performing and what
that usually means that he's trying to
cater to the people in the room so when
he's performing at CPAC and the red
lights are on there he's saying what
CPAC wants to hear and when he's in
front of the NRA then he is saying what
the NRA wants to hear and when he is in
front of a bunch of Democrats and
Republicans he's saying well he thinks a
lot of the Democrats would want to hear
and that's basically how went yesterday
now we're gonna analyze the Sun two
levels one is did he mean any of this is
it real and two is what did he just say
because we sort of always have to
separate out these two things what he
said and is it important these are two
separate questions because the president
says a lot of stuff a lot of crap comes
out of that face so the question is was
the stuff that he said good or was it
bad and - was it important well that's
for the second question first I don't
think the stuff that he said was
important he's gonna have to get the
legislation through Congress Republicans
run Congress they're not gonna do any of
the things that he wants them to do here
because they don't have the votes for it
the reason I say this is because the
president did exactly the same thing
with daca
you recall that he had a meeting with a
bunch of Democrats and at that meeting
on daca he specifically said that he
would be fine with passing a clean daca
bill we mocked him up and down for it it
was ridiculous he said that he was fine
with a clean amnesty bill and no border
security measures and Kevin McCarthy the
House Majority Leader had jump in and
say mr. president you mean they want
border security and Trump's against her
I mean I mean I want a clean bill with
border security which is not originally
what he said now of course all of his
overtures to Democrats in that meeting
meant nothing the same thing is probably
happening here on guns but it is
important to note the president only
became an advocate of gun rights
relatively recently up till 2012 the
president was a gun control advocate the
president was not a big fan of guns and
so when it goes back to the root the gut
level for President Trump when he goes
back to his gut on this issue there are
certain issues where the president's gut
is very much in line with with sort of
conservative policy guns are not one of
those issues on guns this is a guy whose
gut is from New York and New Yorkers
people from New York City they're not
particularly big into the second
Amendment rights of all of it so the
president has this meeting yesterday and
he says a bunch of things that are just
laughably awful so he starts off by in a
conversation with Pat Toomey so Pat
Toomey is the is the senator from
Pennsylvania now in order for you to
understand how absurd it is what
President Trump says right here you have
to understand that Pat Toomey is one of
the
left most members of the US Senate on
guns so in 2013 it was it was Pat Toomey
who proposed a piece of legislation in
the aftermath of Sandy Hook with Senator
Joe Manchin from West Virginia Democrat
and that piece of legislation would have
forced federal background checks for any
sale of any weapon in the United States
except between family members or close
friends so if I wanted to sell a gun to
somebody in the office with whom I was
not friendly then I would have to go to
a federally licensed firearms dealer now
the only way to enforce that the problem
this policy is the only way to enforce
that law is that you actually have to
have a full gun registry because in
order for the government's keep track of
how I sold my gun to somebody they have
to know that I own the gun in the first
place right a federally licensed
firearms dealer keeps records with the
federal government they know how many
guns are in that gun shop and so when
that love firearms dealer is requested
for records by the NRA rather thee by
the ATF then the ATF knows that where
the guns were how they were transported
all the rest of it that would have set
up a gun registry in the United States
gun registries are really troubling
concept you really don't want the
government knowing who has a gun and
where because it's none of the
government's business there are two
purposes to the Second Amendment one is
self-defense in which case you don't
really care about the government knowing
you have a gun and the second is being
free of government tyranny and in that
case you really don't want the
government to know who has how many guns
and where and obviously there's a
certain amount of of knowledge the
government has with regard to federally
licensed firearms dealers but having a
full gun registry is not quite the same
thing as all that the government would
have to come into your house and check
every so often the government would have
to figure out whether you were telling
the truth the government could
theoretically charge you with perjury
for lying on federal forms if you if you
did not fill out the forms properly and
these hand hand transfers in any case
the manchin-toomey bill went down to
defeat it got 54 votes in the Senate it
could not hit 60 but to me who had
proposed it was bucking the NRA when he
proposed that so to me actually his NRA
rating was demoted from an A to a C and
it was demoted from an agency not only
was it demoted from an A to a C in 2014
the NRA declined to endorse to me so
they'd endorsed to me in his last
senatorial race and then they unendorsed
to me in 2008 so that's how seriously
they honor I took all of this and that's
how much at odds to me was with the NRA
well Trump because he always wants to be
the guy saying the brashest thing in the
room he starts ripping into to me for
some reason and suggesting the to me is
a tool of the
our a which is just idiotic it doesn't
make sense said I have to wait till I'm
21 to get a handgun but I can get this
weapon at 18 I don't know so I just
curious as to what you did in your bill
look at all the staffers even Manchin is
going he's not afraid of the NRA he and
I partnered on the legislation what the
hell are you talking about the Trump is
accusing to me being afraid of the NRA
which is just great press for the NRA
considering the entire Democratic Party
and the media have been claiming that
the real reason Republicans are pro-gun
is because they're afraid of the NRA so
well done mr. president for doubling
down on that idiotic message then the
president went even further and that's
the clip we're about to show you where
where Dianne Feinstein jumps for joy Amy
Klobuchar who's the senator from
Minnesota
she suggests that they add an assault
weapons ban to manchin-toomey so not
only would there be a full gun registry
now you would not be able to buy an
assault weapon meaning any rifle in the
United States that has a couple of
features added to it like a pistol grip
and and a certain type of barrel for
example if he or a sight if he added
those things if the government looks
scary it's an assault weapon Republicans
have opposed this forever
Amy Klobuchar says why don't we do it
and Trump immediately says yeah let's
wrap that up into an even bigger gun
control package and watch Dianne
Feinstein's reaction Dianne Feinstein is
84 years old but suddenly she's a little
girl again Dianne Feinstein she's been
my senator virtually my entire life
she's been senator here since I was 10
years old Dianne Feinstein her 9 years
old I have never seen Dianne Feinstein
smile ever not once on tape like it
needs it there's there's this myth that
once Dianne Feinstein smiled and a
rainbow came out like she's not a big
laugher and a big smile er hey watch as
she turns into a small child clapping
for Glee like my kids when I give them
chocolate when Trump says this about
assault weapons it's really amazing just
doing something on this background check
issue and using that as a base and then
I would like to add some of these other
things we've talked about I think would
make a major difference you can add that
to this bill that would be great
you have also and I think you can into
the bill so were you ready can you do
them Joe can you do them better make
some of the things you're not you don't
really have you help well no I'll help
but can you add what Amy and what Dianne
have K we had the minute and I know you
can add what you okay and look at the
Republicans are like what is going on
now
like Cornyn who's sitting right next to
trump he's putting his hand to his mouth
like this can't be happening this isn't
real like Trump really doesn't know it
he's saying here and Dianne Feinstein
knows exactly our Trump saying again
she's 84 years old
and suddenly she's my four-year-old
daughter she's so gleeful if you are
saying things about guns that are making
Dianne Feinstein gleeful let me suggest
that you've undermined the Second
Amendment and that you are not standing
with conservative ideas on the Second
Amendment okay then it gets you more so
he turned us to corn and who's sitting
right next to him he says you know we
should do we should actually do a
comprehensive gun reform like a big big
bill like a big historic bill and you
can see Cornyn going what the hell is
going on like was he dropped on his head
this morning did he did he wake up on
the wrong side of the bed was invasion
of the body snatchers like what in the
world look at look at John Cornyn space
here and John fix Nick's has some really
good things in it but it would be nice
if we could add everything on to it and
maybe you changed the title alright the
US background check bill or whatever but
your bill is really good and really
important having to do with a certain
aspect but maybe we could make it much
more comprehensive and have one bill
instead of 15 different bills that
nobody knows what's happening if we can
get 60 votes for mr. Pradhan steps in he
goes according to steps and he goes mr.
president your acting coach I old we
need 60 votes and we're not gonna get it
so the president of course just
completely overlooks this it was just
ridiculous ridiculous on every possible
level and and it gets even more
ridiculous okay so this is the thing
that is most ridiculous and had people
really up in arms as they should be so
the president is talking about a vice
president pence starts talking about a
proposal those first made by David
French a proposal that I back forgotten
violence restraining orders gun violence
restraining orders our process that we
have here in California where close
family and friends can apply to a court
to have your gun rights temporarily
suspended if they show past a certain
burden of proof that there is evidence
that you are danger to yourself or
and then there is a hearing right so
there's due process so the due process
can go in a couple ways you can have the
hearing before the guns are removed or
you could have a preliminary hearing in
which all of the evidence is shown and
then the guns are temporarily removed
because we don't want people sitting
around there with guns and then the guns
are and then the guy realizes that the
cops are going to come take away his
guns go shoots up to school okay so the
you can have due process in the sense
that you have the right to confront the
accuser but it's done on really
spontaneous quick basis or you could
have like a full drawn-out hearing but
both of those are due process so Mike
Pence explains the proposal and Trump
proceeds to piledrive the proposal Trump
proceeds to take Pence's proposal the
gun violence restraining order proposal
the David French proposal and he
proceeds to say something so wildly
unconstitutional and so wildly
unconservative
that it boggles the mind I mean if
Barack Obama had uttered these words we
would all be up in arms the reason that
it's different if Obama had sent them
and then Trump sang them honestly is
that Obama knew what he was talking
about on these issues and Trump clearly
doesn't anyway here is here's Mike Pence
saying something smart and then Donald
Trump following up with something so
egregiously stupid that minds of small
children were blown all over the country
because a lot of times by the time you
go to court it takes so long to go to
court to get the due process procedures
I like taking the guns early like in
this crazy man's case it just took place
in Florida he had a lot of fires they
saw everything to go the court would
have taken a long time so you could do
exactly what you're saying but take the
guns first go through due process second
okay that's not what due process is the
reason this is a problem is not because
anybody wants mentally ill violent
people to have guns nobody wants that
but it is astonishing to me that the
same people on the Left who are afraid
of Trump becoming an authority Rhian are
sitting there laughing with glee when
the President of the United States says
somebody applies to have somebody else's
gun rights taken away and we should all
just shrug
I mean honestly that's what the
President of the United States says
right there the presidents in the United
States just said that you should be able
to go into the police should be able to
go into your house I should be able to
go to the cops and say to them my
next-door neighbor is crazy
and that's your idea of it it's right
there's no due process I just call up
and I say tip next door neighbor is
crazy in the gun and the cops go and
take that guy's guns and maybe arrest
him right and then later comes the due
process we fought an entire revolution
to prohibit this sort of thing we fought
in
revolutions that there will be a right
to habeas corpus so you know why you're
being arrested and your rights are being
violated we we fought an entire
revolution so their ex post facto laws
laws that were specifically designed
after the fact in order to get certain
people none of this is part of the
constitutional order but the president
who's a Republican was sitting there
saying this stuff with a straight face
now this brings us to our to our I'll
get to the last question as to whether
any of this is important in a second he
didn't even stop there is I mean
everybody on the right is just looking
at this going what happened I mean what
it was every WTF gift that you can find
online was it with my I mean every face
that you can make right the was just was
being made by Republicans yesterday
watching this thing unfold in real time
it's astonishing it's astonishing okay
then he goes he says he goes after Steve
Scalise Steve Scalise shooting victim in
the Congressional baseball shooting Ben
Scalise has proposed in the NRA is
proposed in Trump has endorsed in his
2016 election cycle the idea of carrot
concealed carry reciprocity concealed
carry reciprocity is the idea that when
you apply for a concealed carry license
in Oklahoma and you are approved by the
government for that concealed carry
license you should be able to concealed
carry and other any other state normally
this sort of thing is fine like we have
a marriage license in one state it's
usually transferable over to another
state if you have if you have a liquor
license in one state and it fulfills the
obligations of the other state then it
should be able to be fulfilled in that
state I believe but when it comes to
concealed carry there's questions as to
whether you should be able to take your
concealed carry license from Oklahoma
and bring it over to California and and
so Trump is told by Steve Scalise that
they want this concealed carry
reciprocity and president Trump's
response is as always amazing here's the
President of the United States
responding to Steve Scalise by saying
it's utterly it's it we can never do
this it can't be a thing and there were
a lot of our members that said look we
want to close these these problems and
fix these problems with the background
check system and we came together and
actually passed a bill but we also felt
