this guy's 70 years old he just gave me
accumulated knowledge of 50 years
I just saved 50 years in one hour that's
a mentor here we are on the bench
Shapiro's Sunday special and we are here
with tylo PES you can check out all of
his stuff at Tai Lopez comm slash ben
shapiro is a brand new program called
knowledge society we're going to talk
about plus everything else on earth but
first let's talk about your internet
security with all the recent news about
online security breaches it's hard not
to worry about where my data goes making
an online purchase simply accessing your
email could put your private information
at risk you are being tracked online by
social media sites and marketing
companies and your mobile or internet
provider not only can they record your
browsing history they often will sell it
to other corporations who want to profit
from that information which is why I've
decided to take back my privacy I use
Express VPN expressvpn has easy to use
apps they do run seamlessly in the
background of my computer and phone and
tablet turning on expressvpn protection
it only takes one click expressvpn
secures it anonymizes your internet
browsing by encrypting your data it
hides your public IP address protecting
yourself with expressvpn it cost like
seven bucks a month expressvpn is ready
the number one VPN service by TechRadar
it comes with a 30-day money-back
guarantee so if you ever use public
Wi-Fi you want to keep hackers and spies
from seeing your data expressvpn is
indeed the solution and if you don't
want to hand over that internet history
to internet provider or data resellers
expressive VPN is the answer protect
that online activity today find out how
you can get three months for free at
expressvpn comm slash Ben that's exp
ress VPN comm / Ben for three months
free with a one-year package visit
expressvpn comm slash Ben to learn more
well ty thanks so much for stopping by I
really appreciate it thanks for having
me and so for folks who don't know the
eye Lopes is kind of the entrepreneurial
guru for probably hundreds of thousands
of people across the United States you
can see all of his his programs of her
title OPM he's a brand-new one called
knowledge Society we're gonna talk about
but I how did you get started in this
business because your career path shall
we say is is somewhat unconventional
yeah there's a personality test you can
take called hexaco it's the most
scientific one and one of the it puts
you in twenty five there's twenty five
traits in human personality this is the
most updated scientific test and one of
them is
openness to new experience in
unconventionality and dr. david buss a
mentor of mine he is he says its genetic
so my mom is a super hippie so I think I
became unconventional maybe in the womb
and maybe maybe it's something like that
but yeah I mean I think that at some
point in my life the most unconventional
part has been my education and how I use
the education system so I went through
the regular kind of education system but
then I was 18 graduated high school was
gonna go to college and a guy called me
up guy named Joel Salatin and said do
you want me to mentor you I'm doing a
six-month apprenticeship he had a farm
in Virginia it's like completely
different cuz I grew up I was born in LA
and I said I wonder if I should do this
my stepdad I had kind of a rough
childhood but one piece of good advice
my stepdad did he said you can always go
to college later you might not get a
chance to do a mentorship with this guy
and so I went up there for six months I
lived in a little cabin in his backyard
it's a 500 acre farm
I worked 12 hours a day for I ended up
being there for about two years and it
changed my life because instead of being
in a system where I had lectures and
professors talking to me and you're
partying and all that I was 20 or 16
hours a day with somebody 20 years ahead
of me and I did a TEDx talk and it kind
of went viral and I think the reason was
I told people if you want to do big
things in life you have to follow this
thing I call the law 33 percent so you
spend 33 percent of your time around
people with less accomplishment with you
those are people maybe you mentor you
help right then you spend 33 percent a
time around people who on your level
those become your friends people you
smoke cigars with or bubble cigars but
the last thirty three percent is what's
missing in education in society is where
you spend 33 percent of your time around
people twenty years ahead of you
shadowing them and I once in a few years
ago I made a list like everybody that
you think of as great people Albert
Einstein Stephen
Hawking Bill Gates Mark Zuckerberg Jeff
Bezos Warren Buffett and I was like
differ some of them went to college but
I was like what's a common thread that
they all have in it and found out that
Albert Einstein bumped into this guy I
think his name was max Levinson who was
a mathematician an older mathematician
every Thursday he would go to lunch and
talk math with this guy from age 16 on
Alexander the Great who maybe was the
greatest Conqueror of all time his dad
hired a mentor for him at age I think 14
to 16 and a pretty good mentor
his name was Aristotle and you know
Warren Buffett got a guy named Benjamin
Graham and as I went through the list I
found on the top 40 people that you
could say have done big things in our
time
I think 39 of them attribute a lot of
their success to Mentors
they don't attribute it to oh I took a
social studies class
oh I'm M Erised things in seventh grade
they attributed as somebody who kind of
held their hand in and and they shadowed
through education process so that's what
I kind of did it and I'm thankful that I
tried that approach I guess you had a
bunch of kind of interesting experiences
all the way through here I mean you
spent two years living with the Amish
Amish yeah how did you wind up moving
from two years of the Amish to you know
multi-million dollars here 500 acres
over in Virginia and yeah people off
would say they're like because I did a
video 2014-2015 with I had bought a
Lamborghini and I posted it and it ended
up I think the total views there's a few
versions of it is six hundred million
views on YouTube it's one most viewed
things besides music videos right so
people are like I joined up from no
electricity living like that for two
years to Beverly Hills and I'm like I
have no idea actually but life has lead
you down a path that you don't always
understand except in hindsight so I
guess in hindsight are motivated by
adventure one of the things a mentor
taught me is this thing that I call the
4ms blog people procrastinate if you
bump into most people I meet I've got
about 13 million social media phone
now so I get thousands of people asking
me questions every day and the most
common theme one of the most common is
how do I overcome procrastination fear
and anxiety my answer is like well you
got to know what motivates you and
different people are motivated in
different ways so the four M's
and I've run this by a lot of scientists
most of them think I'm on the right
track one of them just he thinks I'm
missing an M but the first M is material
things might slash money the second one
is mating slash romance the third one is
momentum slash freedom and and the
fourth one is mastery slash status if
you look at any person that you know and
you break down why do they do what they
do it's one of those four now dr. David
buss who's a mentor to me now he's used
to teach at Harvard and he's
evolutionary psychologist he said tie
it's all maybe all human psychology is
mating it has to be it's evolutionary
it's but I would say for me my number
one is this thing movement freedom and
I've kind of been a free spirit the
reason I went from living with no
electricity focused on you know living
in the country close to the land nature
to the city was I realize I need to make
money to have freedom an average person
in America I read saving about two
dollars for every hundred dollars I make
and that's a great way to create a
feudal society you know for every
hundred bucks you if you want to
guarantee Charlie Munger says don't try
to think out how to have a good life
he says use the principle of inversion
try to think how to have a bad life and
then don't do that
so guys you want to have a bad life for
every hundred dollars you make save one
or two of them and spend 98 and so I
grew up you know I was born to a single
mom my dad was actually in prison when I
was born I was born kind of an inner
city in Long Beach and growing up until
I met these mentors I was just kind of
floating around yes you're in school and
but they don't teach anything about
making money but just has to be the
biggest oversight in the solar system
it's like why do you go to school at the
core practical value because you have to
provide for yourself and your family for
the next 40 50 years do we equip you
with anything
old for that no we did you calculus
which will help you if you become an
engineer which I remember I was in a
class I remember learning in seventh
grade they made me memorize what the
California State bird was Cal I think
it's the California condor if I remember
correctly right um but I was thinking
then when I was like 25 I learned how to
invest in real estate in stock market I
was thinking I could have waited on the
California state bird like I feel like
you can learn that at 60 and you'll
still have an enriched life but you may
want to teach kids before they're 18
like how to do their taxes how to invest
how to do real estate how to sign a
contract
there's zero of that in school even in
college I hire PhDs that are just morons
or actually don't hire my interview and
I'm thinking get your money back son
there's there's one there's depend on
who you ask there's 1.2 trillion dollars
of recorded debt for college in the
United States and they think if you
can't untracked loans from parents we're
talking two trillion dollars in debt and
people are coming out knowing nothing
common sense is no longer a common you
know and so how does a society survive
that doesn't know how to take care of
themselves it ends up in a government
state that becomes a solution you know
Joel Salatin I'm not as political as you
or even my first mentor saltan but
libertarian and I tend to be more
libertarian probably partly because of
that but partly because it makes sense
and so now it's the replacement of
common sense with the replacement of a
big government that's gonna be the
common sense for you but it's not in
fact the government's designing the
school curriculum that says let's focus
on the California state bird and forget
the rest so I asked you about you
mentioned these four ends the motivating
factors so I'm gonna kind of softly
positive 5th mm which I think we're
under and I want to ask you about this
which is meaning so you talked about you
know the idea of mastery and you talked
about money and you talked about mating
and you talked about the any talk about
freedom essentially but where do you get
your meaning what what what gets you up
every day like what we can
have all these things and we do we live
in the virtual society in the history of
the world the free society in the
history of the world and yet rates of
depression are rising rates of suicide
are rising where are people missing the
meaning in life because you know as
somebody who's also very libertarian
minded I'm very much in favor of free
markets and I'm very much in favor of
earning an entrepreneurship we'll get
back to all that in a second but what
gets you up in the morning what what and
it can't just be money because you've
got a lot of it otherwise you would just
retire right right and it can't just be
freedom because the truth is that you've
got enough money to provide for you that
freedom what makes you think okay I'm
gonna get up today and I'm gonna go do
some work well what gives you that sense
of meaning so now we're going to the
deepest question of you know I'll give
you a I do a lot of book stuff I'll give
you what I think is the greatest answer
to this question and maybe the greatest
book that nobody reads there's a book
called civilization as discontents by
Sigmund Freud and Sigmund Freud's been
discredited in some ways
but the man may be the smartest person
you'll ever read if you read
civilizations it's condensed and he says
this question of what the meaning of
life is has been asked time without end
and nobody can give us a satisfactory
answer and he says maybe because there
is no answer but he says I can tell you
by the actions of we humans what our
meaning is and that is to be happy and
to avoid pain so it depends how deep you
want to go I'm probably searching for
happiness and at the core of every human
action of those for Em's people perceive
if I get money I'll be happier if I get
freedom I'll be happier so I used to
have a more complex answer but now I
give a cliche answer I'm probably
searching for happiness and avoidance of
unhappiness I don't know it's a good
question are we human so differentiated
that meaning is different for everybody
I don't know I think Sigmund Freud might
be right at Al Capone was seeking
happiness in a distorted way and so was
I just read the book of El Chapo dude
want to be happy he did it you know by
selling method and all this stuff and
and people like the Amish or deeply
religious people now the Amish it's
interesting you bring up depression knee
Jared Diamond who wrote Guns Germs and
Steel here at Harvard Pulitzer Prize
he studied Amish and he said they have
500 percent lower depression which is my
experience the Amish are the happiest
people and I think that the Amish are
happy I think they would disagree with
Freud so for the Amish life is is a
religious spiritual they're Christians
just very concerned they're Christians
how Christians used to be an 1800 Amish
are actually not as weird as people
think they just froze in time it's that
sad that seven days a week basically
yeah they're off with some morning it's
like a Jewish Sabbath just yet
so maybe better than so my humanistic
answer is I'm seeking to be a happy but
you know the Amish or their thing is
like there's gonna be another life after
death and so that's their meaning so
they don't take themselves maybe as
seriously on planet earth so I would say
I'm not as religious as the as the Amish
um but that's a good answer to if you
can pull it off I don't know that when I
live at the Amish I live when after
drill salads and I ended up at the Amish
for over two years and I actually own a
ranch in the middle of Amish community
now and I sometimes think that you know
that the Bible story of the Garden of
Eden right and some people think it's
literal and some people think it's
allegorical and but the story is that
they were in this innocent bliss then
they eat an apple and the Apple was that
from the tree of knowledge right also
they knew lots of stuff and because they
knew lots of stuff they were kicked out
forever and the flaming sword was there
and I kind of feel like for me since if
I had been born Amish and never seen the
outside world I could just be happy with
that but because I've been out in the
modern world there's like a flame now i
see the happiness that they have but i
can't get fat as a sword so uh maybe I'm
not as happy as them just a second I
only asked you about my mentorship and
entrepreneurship we'll get back to that
in just one second but first I want to
talk to you about zip recruiter hiring
is challenging but there's one place you
can go where hiring is simple fast and
smart a place where growing businesses
connect to qualified candidates that
place is zip recruiter
komm been guests because we have a guest
zip recruiter sends your job to over 100
of the web's leading job boards they
don't stop there with their powerful
matching technology zip recruiter scans
thousands of resumes to find people with
the right experience and invite them to
apply to your job as applications come
in zip recruiter analyzes each one and
they spout like the top candidates so
you never miss a great match
zip recruiter is so effective at 80% of
employers who post on zip recruiter and
a quality candidate through the site
within the first day with results like
that it is no wonder that zip recruiter
is the highest rated hiring site in
America and right now my listeners can
try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web address zip recruiter comm
slash been guest be Eng you est that zip
recruiters comm slash been guest zip
recruiters comm slash been guests we use
zip recruiter here at the daily wire
offices there's a reason we do so it is
because they do a wonderful job ensuring
that we get the best candidate zip
recruiter comm it is indeed the smartest
way to hire okay so speaking of
entrepreneurship let's get started with
that video that has 600 million views
here big reader obviously you've talked
about how you read a book a day what's
your technique for reading first of all
I see you're really busy ready you walk
around here you got a big crew and
you've got people following the cameras
all the time where do you find the time
to read a book a day how long does it
take you to read a book and how in-depth
oh you're reading it versus skimming it
how does that work so here's my thing on
but it's funny you're controversial on
many subjects my takes the books as
controversy if you can believe that you
have a cooler but a controversy story
politics is cooler in some ways but
books here's my thing most books suck
first of all so you don't need to read
as many books as you think so in a book
a day I often read some of the great
books over and over maybe once a year I
read civilizations discontents by
Sigmund Freud probably 10 times a year
it's that good so I think you have to
wait and when you pick up a book that
someone recommends and it's the book of
the day for me and I realize it's not
that good I don't finish it and people
think that's controversy at all time you
don't really finish a book a day I'm
like yes I did I got no only good the
rest of the book is just they couldn't
sell they had one good premise that was
eight pages and they but the publishers
like we can't sell an eight page book
for 25 bucks so fill it up with
anecdotal stories it's like when I read
these books now a lot I won't name names
what big names I'm going once I find out
their premise in the chapter I just move
on because I know they're only gonna put
stories in there supporting what they
said I'll join you in the controversy
I'm you know as I get older I have the
same experience when I was younger I
used to boil my way through everything
and now I mean I was in the middle of a
book the other day and it was a 500 page
book and I was at the page 350 dive in
normally I've been like okay there's
only 150 pages left go for it right
let's finish this thing through at page
350 I was like this is not worth another
two hours of my time I've gotten here
we're finished and put it down would I
