a new tape brakes from Michael Cohen
president Trump slams the media and
Elizabeth Warren makes her pitch I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
a lot of breaking news today but let's
begin with this I have some exciting
news to announce I know you've all been
waiting with bated breath for this
particularly my college fans right now
we are about to announce where exactly I
shall be going with the FK young
America's Foundation last month we
announced the finalists from I fall
campus tour those are the schools that
might just might be so lucky as to risk
the ire of trigger left to students when
the hurricane that is me comes to campus
well today I'm excited to announce the
six colleges that make the cut so here
we go drumroll please USC okay so we
begin with University of Southern
California on October 4th and then we
move on to university at buffalo at octa
on October 8th North Central College on
October 10th University of
wisconsin-milwaukee on November 12th
Ohio State University on November 13th
and University of Pittsburgh on November
14th so if you are looking for tickets
at any of those lucky schools then make
sure you go over to ya org slash Shapiro
tour YF dot org slash Shapiro tour and
get this we now have a shirt at or short
it's an official Ben Shapiro Yap tour
shirt it will be available on Amazon in
our new merch store that's right the
Shapiro store is finally open at long
last you survived to see it you can wear
the shirt when you come to see me speak
at your school or you can frame it and
treasure it hang it on the walls you
watch the livestream gaze at it every
evening knowing that you've made your
life better and they've made the world a
better place if you'd like me to visit
your campus in 2019
then definitely check out ya org slash
Shapiro tour and that's where you can
learn how to apply to bring me to your
school I have to say these t-shirts are
pretty cool although it would be kind of
douchey for me to wear a t-shirt with my
own face on it but why would that stop
me I mean come on we've met haven't we
okay before we go any further I also
wanna mention your Second Amendment
right so you've heard all these stories
in the news where a kid gets hold of a
firearm and then something terrible
happens well you don't want that to
happen to you obviously but you also
want to make sure that you're exercising
your first your Second Amendment rights
which is why you need to go talk with my
friends at the u.s. ECA they want to
give your entire family 100% free guide
an audiobook for complete firearms
conference is a person with two kids
under the age 5 I want to make sure that
I'm doing firearm safety correctly you
should to go to defend my family now
calm right now for your brand-new kids
and guns guide that's defend my family
now calm you'll learn the most dangerous
mistake
that put kids at risk proven strategies
for teaching gun safety to kids the
right way eight life-saving tips to
responsibly own and store a gun and a
whole lot more it has never been easier
to educate every single member of your
family the guide is life-saving and
you'll get it 100% free when you go over
to defend my family now calm it's only
available for a few days and don't miss
it go over to defend my family now DICOM
get that free life-saving guide and the
peace of mind that you deserve let's
defend my family now.com again defend my
family now.com you SDC is a wonderful
organization helping you exercise your
second Amendment rights properly go
check it out defend my family now calm
alright so last night late in the
evening Chris Cuomo the slightly lesser
block of wood known as the Cuomo
brothers Chris Cuomo on CNN brought out
his big reveal what was his big reveal
his big reveal is that Michael Cohen the
president's former lawyer his personal
attorney had revealed a tape woo a tape
now we know tape is always bad except if
the tape doesn't tend to show a whole
hell of a lot so here's what happened
Michael Cohen apparently was talking
with the President of the United States
before he was the President of the
United States this is during the 2016
campaign
and he decided to basically wear a wire
into his conversations with Trump or at
least to carry a tape recorder in his
pocket now this is not illegal and a lot
of people saying today isn't that
illegal like the President of the United
States was tweeting out that he thought
that maybe this was illegal
this is his tweet this is 19 so the
president tweeted out what kind of a
lawyer would tape a client so sad is
this a first never heard of it before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
cut well I was presumably saying
positive things I hear there are other
clients and many reporters that are
taped can this be so too bad okay well
it's not illegal for Cohen to tape
trumpet is weird it's very weird to tape
a conversation with your client because
the only point of taping a conversation
with your client presumably would be
either blackmail or the possibility of
violating attorney-client privilege or
maybe you want to show your client later
that he said something that he said he
didn't say but like I'm a lawyer I've
never taped a conversation with a client
because that'd be extraordinarily weird
it is indeed a weird thing to do it is
not illegal because the state of New
York oddly enough is one-party consent
state there are different laws in
different states around the country as
far as whether you can tape people so
California where I live is a two-party
consent state you cannot tape a
conversation with anyone unless it's for
news purpose
you're not allowed to tape a
conversation with anybody without that
person's consent which is why you
generally have to get release forms or
you least have to ask on the tape
whether it's okay to tape that's not the
case in New York and New York so long as
one of the members of the conversation
is okay with the taping in this case
Michael Kohn the taping is in fact legal
so they're taping and what exactly are
they talking about well apparently
they're having a conversation about how
to pay off Karen McDougal Karen McDougal
is another one of the bevy of porn stars
that President Trump stooped during his
during his great adventures in the in
the Vietnam that is the STD ridden world
of pornography
so Karen McDougal is former Playboy
Playmate and the president has basically
had sex with I think 10 out of every 12
Playboy Playmates at last count he did
yeah
well that let's not be shy about this
the president is not exactly a sexual
miser he's been rather profligate with
his services and with the services of
others for several decades and none of
this is a shock because as I say all of
this is priced in but we knew all of
this about Trump for years this guy who
used to openly brag about stopping other
people's wives like all of this is
priced in whether you like it whether
you don't
nothing's gonna change people who like
Trump like Trump they don't care about
this people who don't like Trump don't
like Trump they're gonna pretend they
care about this if they're on the left
while they don't care about Bill Clinton
and there are a few people on the right
who aren't fond of Trump's character and
also don't like that this is the stuff
that he does that's a shrinking group of
people in any case the president is
speaking with Michael Kohn and Cowan is
saying we need to pay off Karen McDougal
and here is what it sounds like a
company for the transfer of all of that
info regarding our friend David you know
so that I'm gonna do that right away and
I spoke to Alan about it when it comes
time for the financing which will be
okay so he then said the part of that
conversation that actually matters is
the very end so what's happening here is
that there is a guy who owns the
National Enquirer and his name is David
pecker he is not a joke that's his
actual name and he and president Trump
are apparently very close friends and
the way that this this this shtick would
work is that David pecker would go and
buy the life rights for all of these
women who had stripped Trump and then
Trump would set up a shell corporation
then pay David pecker to actually convey
those rights to Donald Trump's and these
stories would never hit the press and
apparently there's a fairly regular
thing according to various news reports
well as the election approached Michael
Cohen comes to trump and he says David
pecker has just bought the rights to
Karen McDougal story about stopping you
and he says we need to basically figure
out a way to pay David pecker for those
rights we need to give him some cash and
then he'll give us the the information
and then the information will never go
anywhere and so we'll set up a shell
corporation that nobody really knows
about and the key part of that is the
very end where Trump says something
about cash and then Cohn says back to
him no no no no okay
and what's unclear exactly is what Trump
is saying so it's Trump saying that we
need to pay off David pecker in cash or
is he saying we need to sign him a check
instead the reason this makes a
difference is because none of this is
particularly relevant there's nothing
illegal about me paying off somebody to
keep silent signing a settlement
agreement buying their life rights if
God forbid I were to have an affair or
something and pay somebody off that is
actually not illegal because not
blackmail it's just me paying somebody
off it's a legal agreement for somebody
to shut up so Trump has done this
apparently a lot there's nothing illegal
about that so he's not in any legal
trouble for that as Alan Dershowitz has
pointed out where there could
theoretically be legal trouble is we are
approaching the 2016 election and Trump
wants to keep Karen McDougal silent and
so this act is essentially a campaign
expenditure the reason he's paying off
Karen McDougal is because he wants her
to keep quiet in the run-up to the
election same sort of accusations were
made about Stormy's annuals that the
reason the president actually paid off
stormy Daniels is because he thought
that if those stories broke right before
the election he wouldn't win the
presidency and he wanted to keep those
people quiet so he paid them a bunch of
money and then more importantly he
didn't actually report that to the FEC
so if it's a campaign expenditure and he
didn't report it to the Federal
Elections Commissioner then that could
be a violation of campaign finance law
now he's it really a violation of
campaign finance law he very difficult
to say yes considering the John Edwards
did the same thing back in 2008 you
remember John Edwards that guy right
Breck hare girl you remember that guy he
in 2008 was one of the frontrunners for
the Democratic presidential nomination
but he'd been knocking on one of the
photographer's on his campaign he
actually knocked her up he actually got
her pregnant and then he had a bunch of
his campaign supporters paying her like
a million dollars to shut up and this
came to light and they tried to
prosecute him for campaign finance
violations and
prosecution fell through there's a hung
jury and then they never retried him so
it's difficult to say that Trump did
anything wildly different than anything
that John Edwards did back in 2008 that
said the media think they finally have
president Trump they think this will be
the porn star that finally takes down
the president it's like Lucy with the
football basically there's a story that
comes out with Trump stopping a porn
star and then paying her off and the
media says ah now we have him now we
have him and Trump kind of nods slowly
like Jack Nicholson in that in that gift
he kind of just nods slowly and then the
Democrats approach the football Trump
pulls away the football and and the
Democrats and the media go flying
through the air now the reason that
Democrats are really excited is because
they think Michael Cohen has even worse
material on Trump that is unclear at
best we know that there is something
like 12 tapes between Trump and Cohen
supposedly or 12 tapes that Cohen has we
don't know what's on those tapes we know
eventually they will leak Cohen's lawyer
is suggesting that this tape itself is
evidence of illegal activity by the
President of the United States so this
is this is Lanny Davis
so Lanny Davis was last seen in 1998
defending President Clinton and now here
he is on the other side going after
President Trump basically history
repeats itself the first time is tragedy
the second time is farce this is the
farce
here's Lanny Davis Michael Cohen's
lawyer on what these tapes supposedly
show we know that Trump has lied even
during the campaign when this campaign
spokesman denied two months after this
tape that he knew anything about Karen
McDougal
ladies and gentlemen if you voted for
Donald Trump listen to the tape and ask
yourself is Donald Trump lying when he
said he didn't use the word cash and
accuses Michael Kohn of using the word
cash okay so there is that and is he is
really in a situation where President
Trump is lying about cash or checks it
doesn't matter honestly legally speaking
it doesn't matter if you paid cash
doesn't matter if you paid for a check
the only real question is whether he
reported it to the FEC or whether he
even had to if it turns out that Trump
regularly paid off women to keep silent
this probably is not an election
violation but Lanny Davis is gonna make
this as look as bad as humanly possible
why why is Michael Cohen doing this
because Michael Cohen thinks that he's
going to be prosecuted and if he flips
on the president that his prosecution
will basically be kicked to the to the
second priority position that it just
won't matter as much so Michael Cohen's
lawyer continues he says only drug
dealers and mobsters use cash the idea
here is to make Trump look as bad as
possible so that it looks like Cohn
actually has material gotta say Cohen is
is is pretty sleazy dude here now this
is not to excuse the president's sexual
profligacy it's not to excuse the fact
that Donald Trump has a really really
poor history with women it's not to
excuse any of those things but when I
see this situation the first thing that
occurs to me is Michael Cohen was happy
to ride on Trump's coattails for years
and take his money and play his
protection man and then the minute
things go wrong he's out there ratting
on him but it's not even ratting about
anything that's necessarily illegal he's
just ratting on him in order to avoid
culpability for other activities perhaps
but Lanny Davis says that this is
mobster type stuff what trumped in here
there's no way that mr. Giuliani who
knows from being US Attorney the only
people who use cash are drug dealers and
mobsters cash is not what you do okay so
again I think this is this is an
exaggerated case being made by a lot of
folks on the left they think they're
really gonna get Trump this time
apparently they do Zhu Rudy Giuliani has
been caught in a little bit of a pickle
this is the president's lawyer he's been
caught in a little bit of a pickle
because he suggested that Trump only
paid via check he never would have paid
via cash now it appears that he may have
paid via cash but again I don't think
that any of this gonna make a large
difference I'm gonna explain that in
just a second first let's talk about the
software that you are using for your
company
okay you're dealing with a real
head-scratcher and having your go-to
person
on call is a no-brainer and this is
particularly true when it comes to the
world of software which is really really
complex when it comes to picking the
right software for your business
software advice has done all the
research for you their team of advisers
can point you in the right direction so
you can start working more effectively
right now and it's absolutely free just
go to software advice calm /ban answer a
few short questions about your business
you will be connected with an advisor to
discuss the best software options for
your needs talking to an advisor it can
take ten minutes or less whether you're
a medical professional construction
manager HR pro software advice saves you
time and helps you make a more informed
decision we here at the daily wear
offices talk to the folks at software
advice because we use an awful lot of
technology and we need to know what is
the best technology to use so whether
you are any of those jobs you're going
to need software vice and if you're
entrepreneur or I work solo software
advice is a great way to get an expert
opinion even without the resources of a
big company so they're on call and it
can help you figure out your business
software in minutes for free go check
them out software advice.com slash pens
get started that software advice.com
slash been software advice.com slash pen
go and check it out
okay so rudy giuliani comes out in
president Trump's defense he says listen
President Trump is not an idiot he
didn't do anything illegal here there's
no way the president is gonna be talking
about setting up a corporation and then
using catch unless you're a complete
idiot any chance president's not idiot
okay well you know I honestly think
that's sort of an irrelevant point in
the end is this going to take down Trump
no of course this isn't going to take
down Trump now what we do have to
discuss here is the way that the media
has treated this particular issue so
when it was President Clinton okay again
I don't mean to misdirect away from the
supposedly central issue which is how
President Trump acted with regard to
money when it was John Edwards when it
was President Clinton when it was Ted
Kennedy the media buried this stuff okay
the media were not interested in
covering this stuff when it comes to
Barack Obama's college transcripts we
still don't have those when it comes to
tapes that are being released by Michael
cone then the media is eager to run all
of those right this is the same media
who decry all the people who are running
all of the Hillary Clinton emails that
were being put out there by WikiLeaks
the same media is now saying well you
know if we decide to run these tapes
it's totally fine to run these tapes in
the end none of this is going to matter
the reason it's not going to matter is
because everybody already has an opinion
on President Trump everybody already
knows this is the sort of stuff that
President Trump does none of this is
particularly telling none of it is
particularly revealing and none of it is
particularly troubling if you already
like President Trump so all of this talk
about this is going to take down Trump
seems to be wildly exaggerated and it's
a level of enthusiasm that I think is is
rather uncalled for given the fact that
everybody already assumed all this stuff
was true it's so funny every time the
left thinks they catch President Trump
