students walk out of their schools for
gun control to the delight of the media
stormy Daniels gets the red-carpet
treatment and President Trump talks
trade in the weirdest possible way I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so we have a lot to get to today as I
predicted yesterday all of the walkouts
turned out to be just a media propaganda
campaign on behalf of gun control it was
not about solidarity with the slain
students it was not really about
mourning over the slain students it was
not about America coming together around
the cause of stopping violence in
schools it was a gun control program
that's all that was happening yesterday
all across the country it was not a
unifying moment it was a divisive one it
needn't have been we'll get to all of
that in just a second first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
wink so I know that you spent a little
bit of time at the beginning of the year
trying to wean yourself off the alcohol
because you thought it was gonna make
your life happier well it didn't it
turns out it's time for you to relax a
little bit not only that it's time for
you to make sure that when you go over
to your friend's house and you need to
bring a bottle of wine you don't look
like a schmuck for bringing the worst
kind of wine this is what wink is for so
wink come winc it's a great resource and
it makes enjoying downtime that much
easier and it ensures that you don't
look like an ignoramus when you bring a
bottle of wine to your friend's house
here's how it works
you go over to try wink calm slash bend
it's t ry winc comm slash bend and then
you have a profile palate profile quiz
it asks you questions about what sort of
foods you like what sort of foods you
like to eat together and then they
translate that into a recommendation so
I'll ask how do you take your coffee or
how do you feel about blueberries and
then they give you a wine recommendation
and they send you wines curated to your
taste so the more wines you rate the
more personalized your monthly
selections that become and each month
there are delicious new wines like the
insanely popular summer water rose a
folks around the office have tried these
wines they say they are top-notch no
membership fees you can skip any month
you can cancel anytime and shipping is
covered so if you don't like a bottle
they send you they will replace it with
a bottle that you will love
no questions asked try it today go to
try wink comm slash been try wink comm
slash been you get 20 bucks off your
first shipment that's t ry winc comm
slash man again $20 off your first
shipment pretty spectacular deal try
blink comm / Ben and again they'll help
you pick the best pile of wine and then
will ensure that you enjoy your evening
t ry winc comm / Ben you get $20 off and
it lets them know that we sent you as
well okay so yesterday wall-to-wall
coverage of all of the students walking
out of their school so first we need to
ask how does such a thing get planned is
such a thing spontaneous do you have a
situation here where thousands hundreds
of thousands of student
I was just getting up and walking out of
school at the same time because they
heard online they were supposed to do so
or are they being told by their teachers
and the teachers unions and all the
leftist administrators at school that
it's a good thing for them to get up and
leave class because I guarantee you that
if I had gotten up in ditched class in
high school there would have been some
sort of some sort of excuse note needed
right you don't just get to leave class
in the middle of class when you're in
junior high or high school you actually
have to have an excuse for doing so
otherwise you are a truant right
so here the schools themselves are
writing the excuse notes now let me just
ask a question that's been asked by a
lot of folks on the right let's say
there were a pro-life walkout tomorrow
how many of these teachers do you think
would be okay with the students leaving
if all the students just got up and
walked outside to protest for 10 minutes
the 1 million abortions plus in the
United States per year if every student
in America did that how many of those
teachers do you think would excuse the
students and how many of them do you
think would actually punish the students
how many do you think would dock the
students in some way in other words one
of the problems here is that you have
these leftist propaganda centers called
our public schools that are taught by
teachers who are members of teachers
unions who are Democratic Party cronies
and then they use that position in order
to promulgate a certain agenda so all
these students get up and they walk out
of course this thing really was
organized in astroturf by the women's
March and they use the same
organizational structures in order to
push it and the women's March of course
run by some of the worst people on
planet Earth
members of the louis farrakhan
contingent and so they organized this
whole thing as a gun-control push now
what was so annoying about this and I
discussed it yesterday I've read a bunch
of letters from students and I have a
thousand more today I mean I really I
must have received at least 250 emails
yesterday from students around the
country who are upset about how they
were treated yesterday during these walk
outs yet I was hearing from tons of
people yesterday this was going to
happen than it did that this turned into
a propaganda effort that this was never
about solidarity with the students that
if you said listen I am in favor of gun
rights and I also feel terrible for what
happened for the students that you were
treated like garbage the most obvious
example of this is clip 13 so yesterday
there was a clip that was going around
the internet pretty amazing one of the
students walked out of class and did
what I suggested right brought a sign
that was a pro Second Amendment sign
that also expressed sympathy for the
children who are killed and he was
escorted from the protest right he was
told he couldn't
the protests and they actually try to
push him into a police car here sort of
look like yesterday so he was told to
leave you as told he couldn't stand with
all of the students because for some
reason or other that was just
unacceptable now if you've been holding
a sign that said stop guns now do you
think that would have happened to him
the answer of course is no the video is
posted to Facebook by Kenny McDonald's
is a student at New Prague High School
in New Prague Minnesota the short video
does not show what took place before
after the principal singled out the
student here's what McDonald's said he
says kids at our school today walked out
in honor of the 17 students killed in
Florida students held signs that said
arm our teachers they had two signs a
student walked out without saying a word
peacefully put up a sign which said guns
don't kill people people kill people and
he was escorted off the property by our
principal and threatened to be put in a
police car this violates the First
Amendment it makes me sick that they can
do whatever they want please make this
go viral so it's not been verified that
the student story is the entire truth
left to hear from the school exactly
what happened but is there a question
that if the student had been holding a
sign that said gun control now that
everything would have been fine for him
I have very little doubt that's the case
it was obvious what the network's we're
trying to do here it's obvious what the
media we're trying to do here again
these are the same media whoever you're
ignore the March for Life which draws
hundreds of thousands of people to
Washington DC and the coverage is always
scant and minimal even though it's a
huge number of young people who are
going to that particular March I mean
this big school walkout that is
sponsored by the left yesterday and it's
widely covered by the media and of
course they're always you know I don't
want to slander all the students who
walked out as people who are just taking
advantage although I will say that you
know if I were a student in high school
and I had the choice between sitting in
class and walking out and ditching I
would ditch right there that's true for
the vast majority of students so playing
it as though all of these students are
pro-gun control I think is silly
most students just go along to get along
just like most people go along to get
along particularly when they are told
that it makes them morally superior to
walk out of class for some sort of
clause or another but there there were
some students who decided to go wild in
Tennessee there were some students who
tore down an American flag and jumped on
a cop car during the walkout which is
just delightful so you can see them I
hear they're there walking around they
go over to the flagpole and they're
taking down the American flag I'm
turning the walkout which is just which
is glorious and here they are rush
a cop car so does it Antioch high school
I guess in Tennessee and making sure the
kids making trouble not not a grave
shock there you know we saw this before
I mean last week there was a walkout as
well and it was in California there a
bunch of students who essentially went
wild now that was not representative of
these rallies the only reason that I'm
pointing this out is to point out that
young people are supposed to be our
leaders sometimes are very stupid okay
just like old people are sometimes very
stupid and so granting them conferring
upon them some sort of grand in
intellectual legitimacy because they're
young seems to me really really foolish
this was in fact as I say a left
propaganda effort if you don't believe
me here's what it looked like when
Bernie Sanders showed up at the walkout
rights and no Republicans were invited
to the walkout no Republicans were
invited to speak at the walkout none of
them were invited to the steps of the
Capitol for the walkout but Bernie
Sanders walked out to join the students
in the gun protest and he was treated
like a hero this is a clip 15 actually
here's what it looked like when he was
walking through the crowd
[Applause]
right all the kids are going now oh my
god it's Bernie Sanders yeah but this
isn't a political rally right they're
all smiling and laughing and taking
pictures oh my god it's the old man the
old cuckoo let's put in what are we
gonna do but don't worry this had
nothing to politics folks this was
beyond politics this had nothing to do
with the political agenda this was just
about solidarity with the victims in
parkland it was not political in any way
this is the way the media were playing
it last night of course Bernie Sanders
speaking and shouting for gun control is
an amazing thing considering that Bernie
Sanders comes from Vermont to state with
very little gun control even though it
is very left state here's Bernie Sanders
speaking yesterday here crazy Oh bring
it you the young people of this country
are leading the nation please give me
money please for my next campaign the
time is now for me to pretend to be
relevant as though I had done anything
except run for president in my entire
career so Bernie Sanders stepping out
and of course you're not seeing any
actual discussion here now a guy who who
I've become friendly with Kyle cash of a
student over at Parkland at the Parkland
High School um he actually went around
on Capitol Hill didn't Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders has refused to meet with
him apparently they're a bunch of other
legislators legislators right and left
we have met with him and cash has done a
lot of the work that the the kids at the
other kids at his high school won't
where he's actually going around trying
to trying to speak with various members
and legislators spoke with Marco Rubio
and Bill Nelson he spoke with Chuck
Schumer and he spoke with and he spoke
with Paul Ryan
so he's met with a bunch of legislators
he met with President Trump the idea
here trying to come to some sort of
consensus about things that can be done
the kids at Marjory Stoneman high school
though they the ones who are being shown
on the media are not the ones who are
meeting with legislators on Capitol Hill
they are the ones instead of hearing on
Ellen and then shouting about how
America is a terrible horrible very bad
place where the old people suck right
they're the ones who go on Bill Maher
and say F my parents which is just a
great way of getting things done which
again shows this a lot about moral
posturing and not very much about
getting anything done you can see it the
media's bias here so Viacom networks
decided to go silent for 17 minutes in
order to this is Nickelodeon and
and I'll and MTV they went silent for 17
minutes in order to pay tribute to the
parkland students they would say oh this
isn't political at all except that I
don't remember them doing this after the
Boston Marathon bombing I don't remember
them doing this after the after of the
Orlando shooting I don't remember them
doing this after any terrorist act they
only do this after a particularly
that is driving a particular narrative
on a particular day at a particular time
when everyone else is walking out so
here's what it looked like on Viacom
networks last yesterday morning they
printed on their screen
Viacom stands with all students as they
participate in the National School
walkout against gun violence it's nuts
vh1 its TV Land it's its Paramount it's
Nick jr. and so if you're if you just
want to put your kid down for a second
heaven watching it's you know you
couldn't do that because Viacom was busy
protesting with all the kids listen
they're a corporation with this
corporate virtue signaling is really
amazing and it's obvious that all the
people in Hollywood who proclaim they
have no political agenda have a pretty
obvious political agenda they again they
would not do this if there were a school
walk out against the violence of the
murder of the unborn and there are many
many many more children who are killed
in the womb every year that are killed
in schools every year no question Viacom
does nothing it not only does nothing
probably put son Linda Ellerbee to talk
about why it is that abortion should be
legal and so there is a political agenda
on the part of the media and this is the
part that really is is galling it's the
part that kinda makes you sick to your
stomach a little bit is the lie that
this is a political I'm fine with you
politicking you own a politic go ahead
you and me pro-gun control fine with me
but don't pretend that it's news
coverage when CNN puts on a town hall
that is essentially a show trial on
behalf of gun control don't pretend that
that's neutral arbiter that that's you
being a neutral arbiter of the facts it
is not if you're the media and you
proclaim all you care about is ratings
on the one hand and and just pleasing
people on the other entertaining people
on the other then don't claim that this
is a political because this is not a
political it obviously is incredibly
political we're gonna get some of the
stuff that students had to say yesterday
again proving that 17 year old 17 year
olds don't know everything despite their
own maybe beliefs to the contrary well
we'll get to all of that in just second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at texture so if you are
interested in making sure that the
information stream into your brain never
stops this is what the texture app is
for so I use it in my house to get all
of the leading titles like thyme the
Atlantic The New Yorker
Vanity Fair and wired right now you can
try texture for free the texture app
delivers unlimited access to over 200
premium magazines again it is it is just
fantastic so here's the way that it
works you go over to texture comm slash
Ben and you get a free trial that's just
for my listeners you get a free trial at
texture comm slash man if you choose to
continue then my listeners get a price
of $9.99 a month which is 30% off the
listed price over at textured comp so
you got your favorite magazines their
back issues anytime anywhere this means
you can browse the archives it means
that you'll never run out of reading
material suck at the airport it doesn't
matter you can still have stuff to read
you can still be getting informed
texture calm / meta and the list of
magazines is just it's a fantastic list
I mean it's everything from National
Geographic to Food Network Magazine to
Newsweek to Vanity Fair to Men's Fitness
& Entertainment Weekly I mean the
variety of magazines here is
extraordinarily high and magazine
journalism lately has been really good
like the Atlantic has done a lot of
really good long form journalism The New
Yorker of course broke the Weinsteins
story there's so much good journalism
happening in the magazine sphere but
you're not looking at it you're not
seeing it unless you go to texture so go
to texture comm /ban it could cost you
like $9.99 a month just to subscribe to
like two of these magazines at a time
make it 200 of them for the same price
texture comm / Ben get your free trial
today and if you choose to continue it's
just $9.99 a month after that so use
that slash pen so make sure you get the
special deal and let them know that we
sent you texture comm slash Ben okay so
here are some of the things that the
students had to say at this at this
rally again the rally was happening all
over the country so there was a set of
disparate rallies happening everywhere
here is a USA Today covering this as
though it is one of the great moments in
human history when in reality it's just
an astroturf
it's an astroturf leftist thing again
when teachers are telling students to
walk out this is teachers using students
to push their political agenda end of
story
there's not a bunch of students who are
voluntarily deciding that they want to
get together in a walkout it's not
grassroots this is being done from top
down when teachers tell students that
it's time to walk out when teachers
inform students it's time to walk out
and students walk out that's really on
the teachers not on the students I'm not
blaming the students but I'm also not
gonna pretend that this was led by
students it wasn't it was led by a bunch
of adults who decided they were going to
work with a couple of students and use
those students as a prop in order to
push a particular agenda again not
ripping on the students students can
have their own beliefs that's fine I
like the kids are politically active a
lot of people
was in my program are people who are
under the age of 18 that's wonderful be
politically active enjoy but we're going
to analyze your arguments with the same
seriousness we would analyze anyone
else's arguments and we also cannot
pretend that this entire thing was just
some spontaneous uprising of the people
and that everybody just decided all the
sudden that like they're trying to
portray this is like it's the Arab
Spring like it there's this horrible
superstructure run by the NRA and Dana
