the attack on capitalism ramps up
scientists fear the all right and the
media cannot get over her stays we'll
get into all of it I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show quick note
upfront I thought that our one our one
of our producers Colton Haas had the
best take on the horse face situation
altogether he said that perhaps
President Trump was just using voice to
text and he said her these days and it
just messed up just it was serious fault
maybe maybe well we'll get into all of
the latest news but a couple of
announcements first first if you are in
LA this weekend comes yet political I'm
giving a keynote speech at noon on
Sunday followed by a book signing in a
town hall event with The Daily wire gang
I can't say I'm really looking forward
to spending all day with you people but
I guess it will have to be there anyway
so you may as well show up it's
guaranteed to be a great time for you
and to produce an abundance of leftist
cheer so you're not gonna want to miss
it make sure you use promo code DW
wouldn't get your tickets so they know
that we sent you we get nothing out of
it they get nothing out of it but use
that promo code anyway make sure to use
promo code DW when you get those tickets
and again they will know that we sing
also before we get into the day's news
you know there are certain ways that you
can save money that cost you a lot of
time and they're annoying this is not
one of those ways this is a way for you
to save money that will not cost you
time and will not be annoying that of
course is honey it is a free shopping
tool that automatically searches the
internet for the best promo codes every
time you buy something online in fact
honey has already saved listeners of
this podcasting average of twenty six
dollars and thirty four cents because so
many of our listeners have actually used
honey before honey believes everyone
deserves the best possible prices on all
the things they love which is why it
works on all your favorite sites like
Amazon eBay j.crew Walmart Best Buy
Groupon I use Amazon all the time I buy
books and products from Amazon all the
time honey helps me out nearly every
time it's really spectacular
I've saved significant percentages of
money by using honey they have 10
million members over a hundred thousand
five star reviews my honey is the money
saving shopper tool that everyone can
agree on get honey for free at join
honey calm slash Ben that's join honey
calm so I spent all you do is you go to
join honey calm slash Ben and you
register and then it automatically
basically uses all of the best promo
codes to get your discounts go check it
out join honey calm slash Ben honey is
the easiest way to save money without
shopping online use honey go check it
out right
now all right so I want to talk about a
broad issue that is now happening in
American politics and that is a sudden
lack of interest in or enthusiasm for
capitalism the greatest system of
markets ever devised by mankind free
markets which have raised half the globe
from abject poverty in the last thirty
years ole marse which have created the
kind of prosperity in which you get to
sit there and enjoy entertaining shows
every single night from people like me
just by sitting there I didn't just
imagine a world 150 years ago where most
people's homes were lit not by
electricity but by candle light where
heat was not a thing where people died
when it was cold outside and died when
it was super hot outside
when disease was rampant when
entertainment mainly consisted if you
were lucky if you were lucky of reading
around a fire but very often consisted
of less than that I mean the reality is
that your life now is so unthinkably
great in terms of material prosperity
that if somebody were dropped into 2018
from 1870 they would literally not know
what had happened they would think that
they were on an alien planet inhabited
by a species similar to the one that
they knew back home but in an area of
complete material prosperity they would
think they were almost literally in
heaven remember what one in three kids
one in four kids and families were dying
in large swaths of Europe and child
mortality in the United States was a lot
higher I mean today you have a baby you
can pretty much expect that baby to live
till the age of 80 yeah this is amazing
amazing stuff and that has been brought
about by free markets and capitalism and
entrepreneurial ISM so naturally that
means that we're now going to eat free
markets capitalism in entrepreneurial
ism we're going to dump all over them
and there are a bunch of stories today
along these lines the the top one that
comes to mind is there is one from Kim
Kelly over at Teen Vogue now this is an
older piece it's from April of this year
but Teen Vogue tweeted it out again
yesterday it should be noted Teen Vogue
is supported by ad dollars and they make
all of their money by running stories
about the latest products that you can
buy but they wrote and they ran a piece
called what capitalism is and how it
affects people and the tweet from Teen
Vogue was why capitalism
to end hey Kim Kelly wrote this at Teen
Vogue they're trying to teach teenage
girls this capitalism is defined as an
economic system in which a country's
trade industry and profits are
controlled by private companies instead
of by the people whose time and labor
power those companies the United States
and many other nations around the world
are capitalist countries but capitalism
is not the only economic system
available throughout history other
countries have embraced other systems
like socialism or communism so it's
important to explore what capitalism
actually is CNN recently reported that
66 percent of people between the ages of
21 and 32 have nothing saved for
retirement however according to salon
the reason many Millennials haven't been
investing in mutual funds or building up
their own financial nest eggs isn't
because they're too broke or that they
lack personal responsibility it's
because they think our current economic
system capitalism will cease to exist by
the time they are in their 60s in other
words they think that somebody else is
going to come along and pay their bills
Bernie Sanders is gonna come out of the
sky and pay their bills capitalism has
become markedly less popular among the
younger generations with the Washington
Post noting in April 2016 that in one
survey a majority of young adults aged
18 to 29 said they rejected it outright
and this article goes on to try to
explain where capitalism comes from they
say that capitalism is evil because
individual capitalists are typically
wealthy people who have a large amount
of capital invested in business this is
false
okay the individual capitalists are
anyone operating in a free market system
and selling their labor or their
products of their labor that is a
capitalist anybody who is involved in
the free market is a capitalist you
don't actually have to be the person who
is hiring somebody else in order to be a
capitalist as long as you are investing
your capital even in buying products
that makes you a capitalist hey but she
continues these are the people who
benefit from the system of capitalism by
making increased profits and thereby
adding to their wealth a capitalist
nation is dominated by the free market
which is an economic system in which
both prices and production are dictated
by corporations and private companies in
competition with one another again false
capitalism is a free market system in
which prices are dictated by what
competitors are willing to sell and what
more importantly consumers are willing
to buy if you are in a business where no
one wants your product you don't get to
set the price where you want to set it
if I could I would sell this podcast for
a million dollars per listener I cannot
because the market does not bear that
the same thing is true in your business
as well but these basic
misunderstandings about the free market
leads to the idea that the free market
is somehow Oleg ARCIC when in reality
the free market is the most democratic
system of property ownership ever
devised by humankind and says that you
are the owner of your own labor and your
own time it says that you are the owner
of the product of your own hands but
according to Kim Kelly at Teen Vogue our
great economic clear-thinking source
she says the capitalism places a heavy
focus on private property economic
growth freedom of choice and limited
government intervention all of which is
true generally these tend to be toward
the right of the political spectrum and
then she says how does capitalism impact
people well it depends on whether you're
a worker or a boss if you own a company
or employer the workers capitalism may
make sense but if you are not then it's
bad for you that's a bunch of nonsense
ok capitalism again has raised the globe
from an abject poverty it's the reason
why you have cool stuff today so why do
people oppose capitalism well
anti-capitalist view capitalism is
inhuman anti-democratic unsustainable
deeply exploitative and say it must be
dismantled they see it as inherently at
odds with democracy because of how
capitalists bosses hold power over
workers in the workplace and the fact
that the more capital one accrue is the
more power they have again untrue richer
people do not have more power over other
individual human beings than poorer
people do because they can't compel you
to do anything it's when regulatory
capture takes place that they have more
power power is not just power is not
just being rich power is are you
pointing a gun at somebody power does
issue from the muzzle of a gun it does
not issue simply by verb I basic how
many times have has a rich person asked
you to do something just in your life
and you've said no probably fairly often
I'm not even talking about things
they're offering to hire you to do if
they offer you if they offer to pay you
something that is not power that is them
offering you a consensual exchange and
you saying yes in any case the the
enthusiasm for capitalism has fallen
away because everybody gets to be the
product of a capitalist system we all
get to live extraordinarily wealthy long
healthy lives because of capitalism so
that gives us the ability to crap all
over it the same way that spoiled brats
yell at their parents
spoil them we are yelling at free
markets that have spoiled us to the
latest evidence of this is also Pope
Francis talking with Michael Moore
during his weekly general audience in
st. Peter's Square at the Vatican the
current Pope is not a friend to
capitalism he's a Liberation Theology he
believes that that progressive economics
ought to be wedded to the Gospels and
therefore he has constantly talked about
the shortcomings of free markets as
though the alternative government
controlled distribution of resources is
going to be superior even though it has
not been and even the social is
supposedly socialist countries that
folks on the left like to talk about the
Nordic countries Norway and Denmark and
and all the Scandinavian countries
Sweden those are all capitalist
countries with socialist redistribution
systems piled on top of them the
question for those countries is how long
you can keep piling elephants on top of
stilts and hope that the stilts continue
to support that weight the stilts are
capitalism the elephants are socialism
it is not that the entire system is
socialism but the Pope meeting with
Michael Moore is pretty indicative of
where we are and then we have a much
ballyhooed proposal from Kamala Harris
the senator from California who is just
awful I know she's my senator she is she
is proposing a what they call a trumped
sized tax plan of her own the Atlantic
doing yeoman's work to try and suggest
that a tax plan is basically just
redistribution of resources here's the
Atlantic reporting on Kamala Harris's
new tax plan and this is the way
Democrats are going to run here the way
the Democrats are going to run is in a
way that that undercuts capitalism and
this is an example of it
here's her proposal according to the
Atlantic Harris is offering a kind of
funhouse mirror in version of the
sweeping Republican tax initiative one
that would instead of slashing rates on
high-income households and corporations
push huge credits out to middle income
and poor families the lift the
middle-class Act would provide monthly
cash payments of up to $500 to lower
income families on top of the tax
credits and public benefits they already
receive last year Congress gave a
trillion dollars in tax breaks to
corporations Harris told me that money
should have gone to American taxpayers
who Indian who need it instead of
handing it over to corporations and the
top one percent now the fact is that the
people at the bottom of the spectrum the
people at the bottom of the
spectrum are not actually paying any tax
right now they are receiving net tax
benefits okay the people who are paying
all of the taxes and I mean literally
all of the taxes in the United States
all of the net taxes in the United
States are the wealthy in the United
States in the wealthy in the United
States are paying far more than their
fair share it is just a lie that people
at the bottom of the economic spectrum
are paying the tax burden in the United
States we have the most progressive tax
system on planet earth and yes that
includes the Scandinavian countries the
lie about the Scandinavian countries is
that they are progressive in their tax
structure they are not they heavily tax
people at the bottom of the lower end of
the economic spectrum as well
because you have to pay for stuff but
Democrats don't want to pay for stuff
and as we will see as we examine Kamala
Harris is supposed to tax plan she's not
talking about paying for stuff instead
what she's talking about
is essentially forcing Republicans to
raise taxes on the wealthy or forcing us
to take out inordinate amounts of debt
that will inevitably have to be paid for
either through inflation or through
higher taxes not just on people who are
rich but on everyone on everyone as well
okay we'll talk about all of that in
just one second but first let's talk
about your second Amendment right so
there's a reason that the founders felt
second amendment was the most important
amendment because it protected all the
other amendments and you want to
exercise the Second Amendment rights are
law-abiding citizen you want to own a
gun well if you are a gun lover have you
entered to win your brand-new gun from
the US ECA yet if not what are you
waiting for you're about to miss the
deadline the gun at a giveaway ends very
soon you could get up to 24 chances to
win your gun get daily but only if you
act right now it could be 24 Kimber's 24
Glocks 24 6 even 24 a ar-15s just text
safe to the number 8 7 2 2 2 and reveal
which gun you could be taking home today
but hurry free guns are not gonna last
long today's gun disappears at midnight
today the US ECA wants to get more guns
into the hands of responsible
law-abiding armed Americans like you and
they are here to help train and protect
protectors so don't put it off don't
miss your chance text safe SAF e to the
number 8 7 2 2 2 and enter right now you
have until midnight tonight to win
today's gun text the word safe - eight
seven - 2 - before it's gone forever
that's 8 7 - 2 2 again text that word
safe
- 8 7 2 2 to go check it out right now
so Kamala Harris is basically suggesting
that this is a tax
to sign checks to people who don't
actually pay taxes this is the great lie
that Democrats and the media are
constantly telling about things like the
Trump tax cut when they suggest that
it's skewed toward the wealthy the only
reason tax cuts are skewed toward the
wealthy is because the wealthy are the
only people paying taxes in the United
States people at the lower end of the
economic spectrum are not paying income
taxes they are not paying income taxes
again the net taxes that are paid by the
wealthy they pay for ninety seven
percent of all government expenditures
okay the those in the top half of the
income bracket are paying virtually
everything virtually everything as of
2015 this was the case the top 10% of
Americans pay two-thirds of the income
tax the bottom 50% of all Americans with
an income below the median pay three
percent three percent of the total
income tax we have one of the
progressive most progressive tax systems
in the world so it's just a lie that
people who are rich are not paying their
fair share Kamala Harris really just
wants to pay off a bunch of poor people
to vote for her that's that's basically
her plan her proposal joins a growing
number of aggressive plans coming from
Democrats concerned with economic
stagnation competing to win over younger
and more progressive voters and
emboldened by the success of President
Trump they differ in their mechanisms
costs and effects but all point to the
same Robinhood goal not just raising
taxes on the rich but shunting vastly
more money to the working classes and
the poor in Harris's case that means
something like two hundred billion
dollars a year more now again it is
important to notice that in the United
States the amount of benefits that are
being received by people at the low end
of the economic spectrum it's tens of
thousands of dollars in very many cases
I mean there been a lot of studies that
are done that have been done on this
particular issue benefits received by
people who are lower income in the
United States
it's then the numbers are pretty
astonishing okay people who the folks
who receive benefits forty-nine percent
of the population as of 2011 lived in a
household where at least one member
received a direct benefit from the
federal government the number of
households receiving government benefits
has steadily risen over time and those
benefits are almost entirely going to
people who are in the lower half of the
economic spectrum so that those are the
settlements that include things like
Social Security Medicare Medicaid
children's health insurance food stamps
school lunch programs the Earned Income
Tax Credit in 2010 the Tax Foundation
found that 60% of Americans were
receiving more in government benefits
than they paid in taxes so again the
folks who are receiving the government
benefits are now the people that Harris
basically wants to give more government
benefits to now I'll explain it in one
second why this is a bad idea so to
continue with with Harris's tax plan
she's offering as much as $3,000 a year
for a single person or $6,000 a year for
a married couple on top of existing tax
and transfer programs dispersed either
as a lump sum tax refund or as a monthly
payment as many as 80 million Americans
would benefit so who is going to pay for
all of this the answer is that they
don't care that really is the answer
they say that this is going to jog the
economy because if you give a bunch of
