a soap-opera breaks out at the White
House the Republicans decide that it's
time to spend all the monies and we
check the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
so many dramatic and terrible events all
in one day and we will discuss all of
them in just a moment but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
Indo Chino so you want to look stylish
you want to look good you want to look
like James Bond well the way to make
that happen is with the tailored suit
but you don't want to spend thousands of
dollars on his hailer suit you want to
go to my friends over at Indo Chino it's
the largest custom apparel company and
here is how it works you go to Indo
Chino comm you can pick your fabric
choose your customizations submit your
measurements place your order and you
wait for your custom suit it's custom
made just for you to arrive in 3 weeks
or less they make suits and shirts
designs your exact measurements for a
great fit and they have a wide selection
of high quality fabrics you can
personalize pretty much all the details
lapel jacket lining monogram much much
more they have offices in some major
cities there have one in Beverly Hills
that I went to when I got my Indo Chino
suit which is indeed the gaudiest and
flashiest
and most amazing suit that I own you can
shop online at ENSO Chino calm or visit
any of their showrooms across North
America and this week my listeners get
any premium Indo Chino suit for just 359
bucks at ENSO Chino calm when you enter
promo code
Shapiro's at checkout that's 50% off the
regular price for premium
made-to-measure suit again I mean you
know James Bond he goes to the what is
it Savoy row over at Savile Row over and
over in London well you don't have to do
any of that you can just go to Indo
Chino calm and the shipping is free Indo
Chino calm promo code Shapiro for any
premium suit for just 359 bucks plus
free shipping it's a best deal the best
deal you can find for a perfectly
tailored suit and you will look like a
million bucks so there's no better way
to do that for for a less expensive
price then Indo Chino comm enter promo
code Shapiro check out again for that
special deal 359 bucks for any premium
Indo Chino suit also that lets them know
that we sent you okay so the continuing
controversy that follows the white house
today is of course the controversy over
Rob Porter when did the White House know
the top Trump aide Rob Porter had
allegedly beaten not one but two of his
ex-wives and when did they know about it
what did they know about it and when do
they know about it right those are the
two questions
Shawn Kelley is the White House chief of
staff he's the one who stood by Porter
as late as Tuesday afternoon he was
saying the Rob Porter was his man he was
standing by Rob Porter Rob Porter was
just great they're a bunch of defenders
inside the Trump administration and it
now turns out that Trump is angry at
those defenders because there's a photo
of one of this guy's ex-wives and one of
this guy's ex-wives actually has a photo
of a big shiner on her face we showed it
to you yesterday well one of the big
questions that has arisen is there are
questions now about hope Hicks hope
Hicks is the beautiful young staffer who
works at the White House you very close
to the president you start off I believe
as a PR flack for Ivanka's fashion line
and then moved into the Trump campaign
and now is at the top levels of the
White House apparently very nice person
but has terrible taste in men and she is
now dating Rob Porter and Rob Porter's
ex-wife says listen hope if Rob hasn't
been abusive with you yet don't worry he
will reporters now in our relationship
with the White House press secretary
Hope Hicks do you think he's changed I
don't think he's changed does that worry
you
it worries me for a lot of reasons I
mean it definitely worries me because if
I'm being Frank with you if he hasn't
already been abusive with hope he will
and particularly now that he's under a
lot of stress and scrutiny that's that's
when the behaviors come out and if he
hasn't already he will so hope Hicks is
under a lot of fire from the White House
she's under a lot of fire from outside
the White House and for pretty good
reason here because what we have on our
hands here is indeed a soap opera yes
hope Hicks a young woman looking for
love in all the wrong places she dated
Corey Lewandowski the Trump campaign
manager who was married at the time
during the campaign was spotted yelling
at him on the street by the Nira post
Corey Lewandowski of course had a
penchant for grabbing women and bruising
them and then lying about it for three
weeks
hope Hicks then moved on from Corey
Lewandowski to rob Porter who it turns
out has a penchant for allegedly
punching women in the face kopecks then
helped co-write the memo and that memo
that would exonerate Brad Porter that
memo basically was written for Kelly and
said that Rob Porter was a wonderful man
so not only does hope Hicks have some
problems in choosing dudes hope excess
from Robins in defending that bad dudes
and president Trump is rightly angry
saying why in the world are you
defending a staffer over me your job is
to protect me from Bad staffers Trump
apparently didn't know about the
statement that had been drafted in order
to help exonerate Rob Porter he didn't
know about any of that stuff until it
came out it was too late for him to do
anything so he's spitting mad at hope
Hicks as well he should be so that is
the soap opera portion of the what's
going on at the White House we also have
the John Kelly portion of what's going
on at the White House so Kelly it now
turns out testified in 2016 on behalf of
a marine who is alleged to have
committed some sort of sexual abuse or
sexual assault and he went on to go
according to our times he was this
marine went on to abuse a child sexually
so there there's a lot of problems
inside the Trump administration with
defending some pretty bad folks Raj Shah
is out there defending the White House
response yesterday why was he out there
as opposed to hope X well because hope
is at the center of the of the soap
operas and is any of this good for the
White House the answer of course is no
but we've had a lot of bad staffing
decisions right in the first year of the
Trump administration we had Steve ban
a piece-of-crap was in and then he was
out we had Anthony scare Moochie who was
in it for five minutes and then out we
had Mike Flynn who's now under
indictment he was in and then he was out
we've had 37 people inside the Trump
administration who were in and then they
were out it not good so Raj Shah was out
there trying to explain this yesterday
because hope Hicks couldn't come front
and center and defend what she'd done
cuz she's involved with the man by the
way the Lewandowski the the other
elements the soap opera that I forgot
the other element is that Corey
Lewandowski allegedly
is one who leach to the media all of the
information about Rob Porter apparently
yeah we can play the music
that's right Corey Lewandowski the hope
picks his ex-boyfriend who was married
at the time was apparently suspected by
the White House of being the guy who
leaked out all the information about Rob
Porter in the first place so the
ex-boyfriend going after the current
boyfriend and the girlfriend of the
abusive boyfriend two ex-wives defending
that person instead of the president so
ok enough with soap opera ok so Raj Shah
defending the White House yesterday it
was not a particularly good look the
allegations made against Rob Porter as
we understand them involve incidents
long before he joined the White House
therefore they are best evaluated
through the background check process
it's important to remember that Rob
Porter has repeatedly denied these
allegations and done so publicly that
doesn't change how serious and
disturbing these allegations are ok the
problem is now a lot of people move
about this at the time the Washington
Post reporting today quote in January
2017 right is a year ago White House
Donna counseled on McGavin learned of
the allegations and he wanted to stay
put because he saw the Harvard Law Train
Capitol Hill veteran is a studying
professional voice in the White House
according to people familiar with the
matter his view didn't change in June
when the FBI flagged some of its
findings to the White House nor did he
act in September when he learned that
domestic violence claims were delaying
Porter's security clearance or in
November when Porter's former girlfriend
contacted him about the allegations
according to these people that's four
separate times in a year that the White
House Counsel was told that this guy was
a real problem and had some serious
issues in his past and the White House
Counsel did nothing about it
which raises some questions what exactly
is the White House looking for they're
looking for good staffers capable
staffers is the White House looking for
people who are good at their jobs
where's the White House looking for
loyalty because you look at Rao's
response to yesterday saying well the
process sort of had to play out and now
look at the white
response to Omarosa okay let's look at
the White House response to Omarosa so
uh morosely yesterday did two to go back
for a second Omarosa Manigault is a
person who is on trump's reality TV show
she was fired three times on a separate
reality TV shows then he hired her for
the campaign and then she was working in
the White House basically walking around
doing stuff that nobody knows what she
was doing and then she came out
yesterday and on TV she said that
everything in the White House is awful I
here's what she had to say
not there I don't it's not like it's not
my circus not my Luckies you know I'd
like to say not my problem but I can't
say that because oh it's so bad okay so
she says all this stuff on and people oh
my goodness the crying and yes Trump
picked this person to be in the White
House solid staffing picked by the
president she then came out and she said
that she would not vote for Trump again
if she were given the opportunity would
you vote for him okay
I'm billionaires okay so how did the
White House respond to that the White
House ripped the crap out of amaurosis
oh you have a guy in the White House
who's credibly accused by two ex-wives
of beating them and the White House
quasi defends until the last minute
Omarosa says that I won't vote for the
guy again she's a reality star was this
non predictable right and the way here
was the White House ripping on the rosa
she described the situation inside the
White House as bad and said it is not
going to be okay
not very seriously Omarosa was fired
three times on the apprentice and this
is the fourth time we let her go she had
limited contact with the president while
here
she has no contact now okay so I love
that they fired her three times when
they brought her back the fourth and
then they fired her fourth time but
they're really pissed at Omarosa but Rob
Porter you know that really dicey about
which demonstrates it when it comes to
the Trump administration loyalty matters
a lot more than competence and that's a
serious problem that should not be the
case at any business loyalty matters
competence matters more particularly the
level of the White House right people
who made one anti Trump remark during
the campaign have been banned
essentially from the White House or at
least were when they originally staffed
it up and that rules out a lot of pretty
competent people because they weren't
quote-unquote loyal and so you end up
with loyalists who may not in fact be
particularly competent there's a bunker
mentality at the White House and it came
to bear here and it's really nasty and
there is no excuse for it it is
disgusting that anyone was defending Rob
Porter after these allegations were
known it is particularly disgusting that
people were defending Rob Porter after
you know after there were reports on
Tuesday again all of that there's just
no excuse for it and you have to wonder
whether whether the people in charge who
knew about it ought to be fired and I am
talking about John Kelly if John Kelly
knew and he was defending this guy for a
year if McGann knew for a year front
they they've missed served the President
of the United States okay so I do want
to talk about a piece of even bigger
news that is the the Republicans
deciding that fiscal conservatism is no
longer a thing first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at blinds at
calm so there's one part of your house
you don't think about very much right
you think about the floors you think
about the walls you think about the
furniture but you don't very often think
about the window coverings and that's
something you should
be thinking about because window
coverings can make a huge difference in
the look and feel of your house they can
also save you on energy cost as well
taking the time to pick out blinds
however it sounds expensive kind of
boring installing them yourself sounds
like a giant pain in the butt but
blindness calm makes it really easy for
you if you're not sure what you want or
even where to start with blinds calm you
get a free online design consultation
you send them pictures of your house
they send back custom recommendations
from a professional from what will work
with your color scheme furniture
specific rooms they'll even send you
free samples to make sure everything
looks as good in person as it does
online every order gets free shipping
and this is the best part if you
accidentally miss measure or you pick
the wrong color if you screw up
blinds.com will remake your blinds for
free so you're the one at fault that
matter they will make it right anyway so
there's no reason for you to look like
you live in a derelict trailer instead
why don't you go out and get some decent
blinds for a limited time get 20% off of
everything at blinds calm when you use
promo code Ben that's blinds comp remote
code Ben again blind second promo code
Ben you get 20% off everything the faux
wood blinds the cellular shades the
roller shades and more blinds Comm promo
code Ben rules and restrictions do apply
go check it out use that promo code Ben
as well so they know that we sent you
all right so last night late in the
evening right in the early morning hours
on the East Coast the Republican
Congress along with a bunch of Democrats
voted in favor of a two-year funding
bill this is not a budget okay it's not
technically a budget the reason that
makes a difference is if you don't pass
a budget you can't use reconciliation
processes to pass new bills I discuss
this a little bit yesterday but in order
for you to pass a bill under
reconciliation meeting with 51 votes in
the Senate in order for the filibuster
not to apply you have to pass a bill
that is budget neutral well that doesn't
apply if there is no budget you cannot
have a budget neutral bill if there is
no budget so they essentially passed a
funding bill but no budget so that
prevents them from passing any new
legislation that really affects spending
so they can pass something on daca maybe
but that's about it right there will be
no further movement on Obamacare
there'll be no further movement on taxes
there will be no further movement
significant movement on regulation in
all likelihood you know that's a serious
problem the bigger problem however is
they just blew out the budget I mean
blew it out they they're spending more
money now than Barack Obama was spending
they're spending about the same amount
of money actually so Bob was saying
they've got a trillion dollar debt
yesterday a trillion dollar deficit in
the budget they blew a hole in it Rand
Paul wanted to stand up and say
something about it
yo Rand has a
knack for standing and talking at these
times and that's something you got to
appreciate about the senator from
Kentucky here is Rand Paul saying listen
you know we campaigned on fiscal
responsibility and then we lie about it
and you know the thing is is we think
when Democrats are in charge that the
Republicans of the conservative party
the problem is when the Republicans are
in charge
there's no conservative party and that's
kind of where we are now someone is to
stand up and say you should spend what
comes in we should balance our ledger
and that used to be what it meant to be
conservative but a lot of so-called
conservatives lose their mind once it
becomes a partisan thing and they say we
must govern now so they've governed by
giving is massive new debt and I don't
think that's good for the country I
think ultimately it threatens our
security not only our external security
but also the internal foundation of the
country is threatened but so so large a
debt he's exactly right here the real
problem with the debt is not that we're
gonna go bankrupt immediately we're
still the strongest economy on planet
earth that means people are gonna
continue buying our bonds but one of the
problems you have is that over time as
you accrue more and more debt we're
gonna keep getting people to buy into
that right now our the American debt to
GDP ratio is growing and growing so I
want to look it up right now the United
States American debt to GDP ratio let's
see what is it here in the United States
is let's see it is 106 point one percent
of the countries at GDP we have a
government debt equivalent to more than
the entire country GDP okay that is not
a good thing that is not a good thing
okay we've reached a record low in that
number in 1981 under Reagan when our
government debt was only 32 percent of
GDP but that is not a healthy number
okay if you look at debt to GDP ratio by
country we are we are starting to climb
those charts and they are not good in
the slightest right in Japan of course
Japan is basically bankrupt their public
debt is now 243 percent of GDP but
China's really looks like 23 percent of
GDP using just tax the crap out of their
own citizens but if you look at some of
the more healthy countries like Germany
they have a 70% GDP to debt ratio or
debt to GDP ratio even France ranks
below us the UK ranks below us we have
been selling our debt at ridiculous
rates for a long time and eventually
that's gonna come around to buy II can't
just borrow on the credit card
interminably in the end somebody's going
to stop lending you that line of credit
when that happens they're going to have
to be austerity measures nobody wants to
look at that however because they're
afraid of the political blowback should
that happen Rand Paul suggests that it
is hypocrisy for Republicans who talk
deficit for years and years and years
and then under Obama and then Trump
becomes president suddenly we stop
talking deficit anymore
how government's taking off and this new
stimulus of deficit spending will be as
