all right we're gonna tell you
everything that you need to know about
the Las Vegas massacre that occurred
late last night we're gonna give you all
the information on background all the
political hot takes and why we should
wait for all the information to come out
plus we'll talk about Puerto Rico and
the fallout therefrom I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show horrifying
act of evil last night about 10:00 p.m.
in Las Vegas a shooter opens fire from
the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel
overlooking a giant 22 thousand person
country music concert that was happening
the shooter ends up murdering almost 60
people the number continues to rise and
has injured well over 500 people so it's
the worst massacre the worst mass
shooting in American history of course
this is leading to all sorts of
political hot takes without any
information I want to discuss a bunch of
things bunch of angles on this
particular incident I'm gonna give you
all the information I'm going to explain
the the hot takes that are being
presented and I also want to talk about
the problem of evil and what exactly how
we break down evil how do we fight evil
how is it possible to stop situations
like this or can situations like this
attacks on soft targets by people who
heretofore had had really no criminal
background how okay can we stop those
things it possible to stop those things
we're going to talk about all of this
but first I just want to say thank you
to our sponsors quickly over at zip
recruiters so right now you're looking
to hire up you're looking to staff up
the economy's doing well but you don't
know where to get the best employees
well that's why you need a zip recruiter
with zip recruiter you can post your job
to over 100 of the web's leading job
boards with just one clip then zip
recruiter puts its smart matching
technology to work actively notifying
qualified candidates about your job
within minutes of posting so you receive
the best possible matches we use it over
here at the Daily wire that's why zip
recruiter is different unlike other
hiring sites it doesn't depend on the
right candidates finding you it finds
them for you you post the job and they
already have all the resumes and it just
hooks you right up no wonder 80 percents
of employers who post on zip recruiter
must they do get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day zip
recruiter is the smartest way to hire
and right now you can post jobs on zip
recruiter for free again that's for free
@ 0q dot-com slash daily wire that zip
recruiter
komm slash daily wire you're gonna get
the best employees if you use zip
recruiter Bar None zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire that allows you to post
your jobs for free go check it out and
make your company better today with zip
recruiter okay so here is the quick
backgrounds on what exactly happened
last night first I can show you this
video there's a lot of video that has
been emerging from the incident because
obviously in a crowd of 22,000 people at
a concert there are a lot of folks who
are filming the concert and then shots
ring out and it sounds like an automatic
weapon it sounds like someone is firing
a machine gun from about 300 yards about
three football fields away from the
Mandalay Bay and you can see it looming
up there in the skyline and people just
being mowed down and in this concert
[Music]
[Applause]
ingest unbelievably horrifying
[Applause]
[Music]
so war zone right in the middle of one
of America's largest and most prosperous
cities and I mean just overwhelming the
the hospitals right now if you can you
should go out and you should give blood
we have a list over at Ely we're kind of
ways that you can help with with this
situation so you don't feel helpless
obviously pray for the world pray for
the country and pray for the victims
just horrifying all the way around here
was president from press conference this
morning at which he spoke about what had
just happened my fellow Americans we are
joined together today in sadness shock
and grief last night a gunman opened
fire on a large crowd at a country music
concert in Las Vegas Nevada he brutally
murdered more than 50 people and wounded
hundreds more I want to thank the Las
Vegas metropolitan Police Department and
all of the first responders for their
courageous efforts and for helping to
save the lives of so many the speed with
which they acted is miraculous and
prevented further loss of life to have
found the shooter so quickly after the
first shots were fired is something for
which we will always be thankful and
grateful
it shows what true professionalism is
all about so president Trump ordered the
flags around the United States be flown
at half-staff in honor of the victims it
is the worst massacre the worst mass
shooting in American history here's what
we know about the shooter his 64 years
olds name is Steven paddock from
Mesquite Nevada there's no motive as of
yet people you know whenever these sorts
of things happen everybody in the news
industry immediately goes to social
media and begins trying to uncover all
of the facts about the guy none of that
has come out so far apparently according
Cory Rose over at the local news he was
known to local police but they don't
really have a criminal history they've
been reports that he lived in a
retirement home but this remain under
this remains unconfirmed
at this time the police have checked out
his girlfriend woman in Marylou danly
they've said that she had nothing to do
with it at this point they're now saying
that he's a fully automatic weapon and
upon searching the suspects home
officers found several weapons so I'll
explain to you what the law is regarding
fully automatic weapons in the United
States suffice it to say federal law has
forbid the sale of fully automatic
rifles in the United States since 1986
so the idea that this was you know some
guy just went down to the local gun shop
and bought a gun if this was indeed a
fully automatic weapon that is that is
not correct and you can hear on that
tape it sounds like a fully automatic
weapon right the difference between a
fully auto and a semi-auto for people
who are not familiar with guns is that a
semi-auto you would here burst fire and
usually those bursts are three bullets
so in that case you hear a continuous
rat rabbit adding of a machine gun like
you wouldn't war movie that's what a
fully automatic weapon sounds like there
is a modification that you can make to
to some semi-automatic weapons they can
ruin the gun it can also if you if you
do it right then it can apparently make
it fully automatic or there's also a
modification that you can make that
allows you to fire using the recoil from
the fully on from the semi-automatic
rifle basically you hold your finger in
one place and then there's a stock that
you a gun stock that you put on the gun
that bounces back and so they sort of
rattles against your shoulder and that
allows it to sort of act like a fully
automatic weapon but we don't have
evidence that that's what was happening
as of yet according to Las Vegas Sheriff
Joe Lombardo the motive remains unclear
but it's not suspected to be terrorism
this all according to Amanda Presta
Jacomo over at Daily wire says he said
at this point we believe it was a local
individual he resides here locally I'm
not at liberty to give you his place of
residence yet because it's an ongoing
investigation we don't know what his
belief system was at the time right now
we believe he's the sole aggressor at
this point the scene is static do not
believe rumors that Isis is putting out
claiming credit for this Isis does this
sometimes Isis has claimed credit for
crimes it did not commit because it
wants to make it appear as listen to act
of terrorism now it may come out later
that it was an act of radical Islamic
terror but we have no evidence of that
so far so please do not spread rumors of
that if you're gonna talk about it say
there's no evidence so far because there
is no evidence of it so far so again the
girlfriend was a poor was reportedly
traveling with him but they are
suggesting that that she has nothing to
do with it at the
point she was apparently found outside
the country and paddock reportedly used
her ID to get into the hotel he was
found dead by officers in a hotel room
on the 32nd floor
apparently when it blew open the door he
killed himself the suspects brother to
give a TV interview in which he said
that there were no warning signs and
said that he just snapped now we're
gonna continue updating and providing of
that information as the show goes on
live also go over to daily wire for
real-time updates so those are all the
facts that's what we know okay those are
all the things that we know that's
pretty much it I mean like I'm not aware
of anything else that we know based on
that slim coterie of fact people are
immediately drawing the conclusions they
want to draw and this is one of the big
problems in modern politics is that
people are immediately they have preset
conclusions that they want to get to
such as gun control good gun control
useful and they immediately take this
and they just shove the square peg into
the round hole of gun control even if
there's no real evidence at this point
that gun control would have made this
any better so Stephen Gostkowski over at
the Washington free beacon he has a very
good run down over at Washington free
beacon talking about exactly what what
exactly
the gun laws are that are on the books
at this point and as he says the gun
laws with regard to machine guns are and
have been quite strict for a long time
so since 1986 that is the case since
1986 it has been illegal in the United
States to buy a fully automatic long gun
fully automatic firearms this is
Gutowski talking is fully automatic
firearms that were registered under the
National Firearms Act before 1986 were
grandfathered in and are still illegal
however in order to obtain a legal fully
automatic firearm you must apply to the
ATF pay a $200 tax and register with the
ATF the ATF has a registry of every
legally owned fully automatic firearm
and informs local law enforcement of all
who owned them in their jurisdiction
fingerprints and photographs are
required to be submitted along with the
registration application in practice
there are several hundred thousand
legally registered fully automatic
firearms in the United States but they
are very hard to obtain and beyond the
registration process what can't a which
can take up to nine months to complete
the price of fully automatic firearms is
extremely high the low end of fully
automatic firearms is around five
figures per gun he says he's seen fully
automatic firearms in the $300,000 range
the reason this is relevant is because
what you'll hear is that they're
unregulated this is untrue
that is a gun myth now they're a bunch
of people who are putting a sigh or
putting aside any semblance of reality
in fact in order to promulgate this
political agenda Hillary Clinton is one
of those so Barack Obama does the right
thing he tweets out basically that this
is just horrifying Hillary Clinton
however can't stop herself so she tweets
out she starts in this way Las Vegas we
are grieving with you the victims those
who lost loved ones the responders and
all affected by this cold-blooded
massacre and then she continues along
these lines she says the crowd fled at
the son of gunshots it took her
legitimately five minutes to go
political with this she says the crowd
fled at the sound of gunshots imagine
the deaths if the shooter had a silencer
which the NRA wants to make easier to
get so within minutes
she's already politicizing this and
blaming the NRA without any evidence the
NRA had anything to do with this there
was no silencer on the gun obviously and
apparently she continued along these
lines as well but this is this was the
the main thrust of it so she's blaming
the NRA for all of this and that is just
unacceptable it's irrelevant he wasn't
using a silencer it's stupid because
that's not how silencers work the idea
that the silencer would preventing
people from hearing that all a silencer
does is it prevents damage to the ears
of the person who's firing the gun
silencers do not silence guns okay when
I meant they they reduced the volume of
course but it doesn't sound like it
doesn't die hard like if you watch a die
hard if you watch any of these older
movies where somebody puts a silencer on
a pistol and then they fire it and it
sounds basically like an envelope
opening register it sounds like right
then that's not when he gun sounds like
when fired with the silencer I've fired
a gun with a silencer it sounds like a
jackhammer it's very very loud
beyond that the reason that this shooter
presumably didn't use a silencer is
because silencers can overheat and
prevent the firing mechanism from
working properly this guy knew what he
was doing he apparently had multiple
firing positions inside his suite in the
Mandalay Bay and was firing down into
the crowd so Hillary doesn't know she's
talking about it's irrelevant it's
ignorant and it's doing something else
which I find really atrocious and that
is doing the same routine I blamed Piers
Morgan for back after Sandy Hook
standing on the on the evils of this
situation and the horrors of this
situation in order to make a political
point and suggesting the people who
disagree with her about things like
silencers don't care enough about the
people who are just shot first of all I
would just suggest this is a country
music concert I would bet you the
majority of the people in that crowd are
not
of Hillary Clinton's have gun
regulations even the people who are in
the crowd even the victims I'm sure many
men not the people who are who I don't
speak for people who are dead or people
who are shot so I shouldn't say that but
I will say that a lot of people at a
country music concert that's a crowd
that's more likely to be pro-gun than
other men than other crowd so Hillary
Clinton Clinton can't even speak on
behalf of those people with accuracy
okay I want to talk in a second about a
couple of other reasons it's
inappropriate to immediately jump to
legislative proposals without evidence
in just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at
ProFlowers so for anyone who's excited
about this fall if you're just looking
to help a loved one or give something
nice to a loved one you need to go over
to my friends at ProFlowers they have
long lasting bouquets and your favorite
fall colors their best selling is
cinnamon cider roses a great option for
a birthday or go with one of the
classics like a hundred autumn blooms or
a dozen autumn roses you can't lose
because no matter what bouquet you send
right now you get 20% off any of
ProFlowers unique bouquets of 29 dollars
or more ProFlowers is just great it
shows up at the house you can pick the
date you want it to show up and these
flowers are guaranteed to last at least
7 days they're guaranteed fresh for at
least 7 days or you get your money back
and if they break so if it comes and
it's broken in delivery if the vase is
broken they'll replace it we've had that
happen they're great about it they just
replace it right away to get 20% off all
bouquets of $29 or more go to
proflowers.com that's proflowers.com use
my code benzo at checkout that's
proflowers.com and use code Bend show at
checkout again proflowers.com use Ben's
show at checkout and get 20 percent off
all bouquets of 29 dollars or more
whenever I'm out of town I send my wife
flowers using Pro flowers and yes I use
my own promo code Ben show in order to
get the discount so go over to
proflowers.com and he's been show a
check out so as I say people on the left
immediately jumped to political
positioning Elizabeth Warren said the
routine we have to do something now
something now to stop it
so talk in a second about what could be
done to stop these sorts of things if
anything but she's not the only one
Richard Dawkins the famous atheist
tweeted out something quite disgusting
he tweeted out Duren tootin great
shootin cool dudes certain his second
Amendment rights hell yeah and he smells
rights RA HT asked is supposed to be in
a southern accent every country has its
Psychopaths in u.s. they have guns okay
well in Britain they've been murdering
people you know they'd had multiple
terror attacks including in Manchester
using weapons and bombs and you know
that this idea that it's only in the
United States we have to worry about
this stuff is just not true but Richard
Dawkins could use a little bit of God
because apparently he lost his tact in
his decency when he lost his God there
are a few problems with with jumping to
conclusions here one again we still do
not know the shooter's motive this
happened last night we still have no
inkling of the shooter's motive how this
how this should require his weapons we
still don't know
so suggesting laws that we don't know
would stop this guy from acquiring the
weapon in the first place is always
troublesome now to be intellectually
honest I want to say you can propose a
good law that doesn't necessarily deal
with this specific situation right it's
not like every law has to deal with the
specific situation at hand if it reduces
the probability of a situation like this
or if it doesn't even have to do with
this situation but it's going to make
things safer generally right you pass a
seatbelt law that has nothing to do with
the mass shooting the seatbelt law can
still be good but it's dishonest to
suggest that using a situation like this
to push a law that wouldn't have stopped
the situation like this the two things
are related because they're not right if
you if you use this to push a child
safety law about cribs that's obviously
unrelated well if you use this incident
to pass a law or push a law or push a
policy that has nothing to do with this
particular shooting again unrelated is
unrelated and then there's a final point
this is something that we all fall into
whether on the right and on the left
when something bad happens we
immediately jump to what could the
government have done what should the
government have done making policy in
the heat of passion is not a good way to
make policy it's why we don't have a
democracy it's why we have a republic it
was to shield policymaking from the
passions of the public use to shield
policymaking from the problems inherent
in getting very emotional and passionate
about situations you know the fact is
that policy is best made when we're at a
bit of a remove injecting emotional
accusation since the process does not
make things better it just makes things
more polarized we saw this after Barack
Obama would push gun control after every
mass shooting and people would say wait
a second are you implying I don't care
when people get shot just because we
