well looks like that government shutdown
is pretty much over we'll discuss how it
all comes to an end today plus we'll
talk about President Trump who
apparently has some pretty good grounds
to shut down the Mueller investigation
or at least some new ones and Hollywood
can't stop ripping on Milania Milania of
all people I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
by the end of last week I decided that
while the rest of the world didn't
deserve Disneyland I certainly did so I
took my children to Disneyland yesterday
so I'm in a good mood because I got to
watch my kids have a really good time
and and I got to pawn them off on the
grandparents for a few minutes as well
so it was really wonderful we will get
to all of the late-breaking news and
there is some that is breaking right now
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at stamps.com
so stamps.com brings all the amazing
services of the US Postal Service right
to your computer we use it here at the
office over at Daily wire not only does
it save us time because we don't
actually have to go over to the post
office it also gets us better deals on
virtually everything right stamps that
come has postage discounts that you
can't get at the post office and it's a
fraction of the cost of those super
expensive postage meters they send you
one of those postage meters when you try
the stamps comm service with our special
offer which includes a four week trial
plus postage and the a digital scale it
is convenient it's easy it's reliable
and it's efficient stamps comm sends you
a digital scale it automatically
calculates your exact postage so you
never overpay or under pay for postage
again and increate that stamps calm
accounts in minutes online no equipment
at least no long-term commitments it's a
fraction of the cost by the way of doing
other mail services it's just fantastic
so stamps comm check it out right now
stamps.com anyone you want to get this
deal this four-week deal that is the
four week trial plus postage ends a
digital scale click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
Shapiro again click on that microphone
type in Shapiro and you will get that
four week free trial plus postage and a
digital scale which is pretty awesome so
check that out special offer so you're
gonna wanna do that save your business a
lot of money save you a lot of time
doesn't matter how much you love the
post office you probably don't have the
time to stand in line there so check out
stamps calm and use promo code Shapiro
when you click on the microphone okay so
here we are apparently Mitch McConnell
has made a new offer to Democrats on the
government shutdown and they are going
to pursue it they're going to they're
going to go for it what exactly was his
new offer
so one last we left our epic story our
epic story last week it looked like the
Democrats were going to run this
government shutdown into the ground
their goal here was to make sure that
Trump was in the middle of a government
shutdown on the first anniversary of his
inauguration
they're outside goal may have been to
make this thing last beyond the
inauguration should be on
the State of the Union address so the
Trump would actually have to speak about
the State of the Union in the middle of
a government shutdown that looks like
that's about to end and when I say about
tenth I mean like right now as we are
recording this show it looks like
they're about to take a vote that will
end the government shutdown which lasted
all in all three days two and a half
days and that comes to an end as Mitch
McConnell the Senate Majority Leader
offers the Democrats virtually nothing
he says we will have a short-term CR
that continuing resolution that funds
the government through February 8th so
it takes us past the State of the Union
address and he says before we get there
we will have a vote on tattoes who will
try another three weeks to come up with
a vote on zakah if not then I guess
we'll have another government shutdown
on February 8th when Democrats tried to
attach deck legislation to the
government did to the government budget
to the continuing resolution remember
that's how this whole thing went down in
the first place we needed to fund the
government the Democrats said we're not
going to fund the government unless you
give us daca unless you give us Obama's
executive amnesty and shrine in law
Republicans said we're not gonna do that
unless you give us some concessions
Democrats said no and then we went into
this government shutdown that started
Friday night and is over by Monday
morning so it really is not even worth
the worth the time here here was Chuck
Schumer last week blaming Trump for it
suggesting that it was all Trump's fault
this government shutdown I love the the
shutdown clock on CNN
yeah I came back online Saturday night
and but when I left for Sabbath in the
government had not yet shut down and I
came back on Saturday night and lo and
behold everything was the same like
literally all of the things were the
same hey no one's check had not gone out
it's that you have to wait till the
first of the month from people's checks
to not go out people were still going to
receive their Social Security the
government is still gonna collect all of
its revenue you know the government was
gonna continue to function a 90 percent
of the government continues to function
during a government shutdown
88 to 90 percent of the government
continues to function as essential
services during government shutdown and
yet we were supposed to believe look at
that counter on CNN that this was the
end of the world right oh my god we're
counting down to Armageddon the asteroid
is finally gonna hit earth here was
Chuck Schumer blaming Trump for it
although Trump really had a little to do
with it the Senate Minority Leader who
thought that he was gonna get a big win
out of this now it's possible Schumer
can still get a win out of this if Mitch
McConnell then makes a bad DAC a deal
right he didn't say it was really the
threat of my it was really the threat of
my government shutdown that forced the
Republicans into a bad deal they didn't
want to redo this in February so a lot
depends on what comes next but here's
Senate Minority Leader Schumer going
after Trump Americans know why the
dysfunction is kering a dysfunctional
president hence we are in a trump
shutdown and party leaders who won't act
without them only president Trump can
end it we Democrats are at the table
ready to negotiate the president needs
to pull up a chair
and end this shutdown okay so the
president did not in fact have to pull
up a chair and end the shutdown Chuck
Schumer ended the shutdown the White
House was doing a pretty good job of
undermining the Democratic claims on
this the Democrats were basically making
two claims one Republicans are
responsible for the shutdown - we have
to shut down the government to get data
those claims are not coherent you cannot
claim both right they they're sort of in
conflict with one another anytime
there's a government shutdown that one
party is responsible for it in this case
it was the Democrats who were
filibustering right the Republicans had
the votes do you get past the government
shutdown to fund a continuing resolution
Democrats were forcing that bar to go up
to 60 votes as opposed to 51 in the
Senate through use of the filibuster you
can't argue we're shutting down the
government because it's so important to
shut down the government and also it's
the other side's fault the government is
shutting down
right because message number one we're
shutting down the government for the
time the priority suggests the
government shutdown is less important
than the other priority message number
two it's your fault suggest the
government shutdown is a terrible thing
and should never happen in any case so
yeah a stupid move by the Democrats here
was the white house comment line the
White House did something clever when
you call the white house comment line no
one picks up the phone no one picked up
the phone before but now they left an
outgoing message saying the reason we're
not here is because okay I love that I
have to admit I really like that I think
that that is good politics I think what
the White House is doing by simply
messaging it outright is smart Mike
Pence did the same thing he was speaking
in from the military and he was asked
about about pay to American troops and
here's what he had to say I'm sure
you're all aware of what's going on in
Washington DC
despite bipartisan support for a budget
resolution I know
in the senate is decided to play
politics with military pay which you
deserve better you and your families
shouldn't have to worry for one minute
about whether you're gonna get paid as
you serve in the uniform of the United
States so know this your president your
vice president and the American people
are not gonna put up with it okay so
that was you know all of this is smart
politicking by the White House the the
brood of those Breughel politicking came
courtesy of Trump himself so the Trump
administration released an ad accusing
Democrats of being complicit in all
murders by illegal immigrants basically
suggesting that the the Democrats are
upholding the rights of illegal
immigrants to stay in the country over
funding of our military and then going
even further President Trump is right
build the wall deployed criminals stop
illegal immigration now Democrats who
stand in our way will be complicit in
every murder committed by illegal
immigrants president Trump will fix our
border and keep our families safe okay
so this is what this is paid for by by
Trump for president so this is his
reelection campaign and he's running a
full ad basically saying side with the
illegal immigrants don't sides don't
side with legal immigrants side with
members of our military side with with
the people who need to be funded by the
budget this is hardcore politicking but
I kind of like it I'll admit it you know
people get very uptight about the Willie
Horton ad which was taken out against
Michael Dukakis who allowed a guy on
furlough who then went out Willie Horton
and killed like a William Horton I guess
and then killed a couple of people is my
understanding and there was an ad that
was quite brutal and it really hurt
Michael Dukakis people are saying this
ad is too much I don't see what's what's
politically stupid about the ad most
Americans agree with this they don't
want Democrats standing up for illegal
immigrants in the country for no reason
they're not they're not up for that in
the idea of Democrats siding with you
legal immigrants over American citizens
I think strikes them as weird that's why
you know Paul Ryan came out he said he
didn't think that this ad was
necessarily productive but it was
productive I mean it actually did help
force the Democrats into a corner they
were not winning this government
shutdown at least in terms of the public
debate well they're certainly not
helping us keep the government open
they're certainly not helping us getting
to a solution and immigration when you
shut down the government you can stop
negotiating an immigration reform
they're complicit with not getting
things done I'm not gonna comment I just
saw that I don't know if that's
necessarily productive
it's no secret the president strong
views on immigration but what is not
productive is a pointless government
shutdown that the Senate Democrats have
foisted on this country ok so you know I
I disagreed with Ryan here I think it
was productive during the government
shutdown you got to bring the bricks and
you got to hit each other with them I
mean that's that's basically what Obama
did during the last government shutdown
now Trump did I think the White House
did a fine job handling this what comes
next is going to be questionable because
again Mitch McConnell has offered a deal
so I'm gonna talk about that deal in one
second and what has to happen here
because now the onus is sort of on Trump
and so it'll be interesting to see this
is the first time the Republicans are
sort of gonna be divided on politics on
any matter of serious consequence they
were divided on Obamacare repeal there
was confusion I think that there may be
similar confusion I guess the second
time there may be similar confusion over
immigration I'll explain that in just a
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsor is over at Skillshare so
Skillshare is the place for you to
broaden and deepen your resume that is
what Skillshare does they encourage
listeners to use 2018 to learn new
skills and make this year their best
year let the best year yet Skillshare is
an online learning platform with over
18,000 classes and designed business
technology and more whether you're
trying to just deepen your professional
skill set make a resume better or start
a new side business Skillshare keeps you
learning in 2018 and beyond and once you
start taking the class you're not going
to want to stop we've taken SEO classes
here about search engine optimization
we've taken classes on data analytics
we've taken all sorts of classes over
here from Skillshare I took one even in
watercolor Skillshare is offering my
listeners a limited time offer of three
months of skill shop for just 99 cents
to go to sign up go to skill shared comm
Shapiro 99 again that's Shapiro
it's Skillshare comm slash Shapiro 99
that skill shared comm slash Shapiro 99
when you do you got three months of
skill share for only 99 cents it's a
great deal you're gonna want to leave it
as soon as the as soon as the offer is
up you're gonna want to continue
maintaining it simply because it's so
good
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro 99 and
make your new year better than your last
one was okay so speaking of the
Republicans being confused on this what
comes next after the government shutdown
so as I say Mitch McConnell has promised
that there will be a vote on immigration
right that there will be a vote on
immigration at some point here before
February 8 what does that actually look
like so the only deal that is currently
on the table
the only deal
it's currently being discussed is a bill
from Jeff Flake Republican of Arizona
dick Durbin Democrat of Illinois and
Lindsey Graham Republican of South
Carolina and it would according to the
hill offer a pathway to citizenship for
so-called dreamers and permission to
stay in the country for their parents
and what would Republicans get in return
for basically legalizing this could be
up to eight million people they get two
billion dollars in border security
funding can be a giant fail of a bill a
giant fail there would be no serious
changes to the visa diversity lottery
there'd be no serious changes to the to
the chain migration laws
there'd be no serious changes to
immigration basically would be Trump
caving on daca knowing the deadline is
coming up in March and knowing that
another deadline is coming up in terms
of the continuing resolution as of
February 8th now the White House opposes
that deal they say 8 million illegal
immigrants could be allowed to stay is
according to Daily wire Graham meanwhile
is attacking the special advisor to
President Trump so Trump is being torn I
think in within his administration a
little bit over this particular issue
the Lindsey Graham of course is the most
dovish of all Republicans on immigration
he says that Stephen Miller who's one of
the president's special advisers on
immigration is undermining the deal now
I have to say I know Stephen I know I'm
I wouldn't say like really really well
but I know Stephen relatively well would
there was a dinner that I was at in 2014
and the dinner was Jeff Sessions and
Coulter Stephen Miller me and like one
other guy and we were just sitting
around talking immigration for deep into
the night and Miller and Coulter were
very much on the same page even in
Milton and Ann are our friends I believe
and Stephen is named Wang kind of
immigration he's also incredibly
hardline and immigration he's also in
the president's ear on immigration the
president is a lot harder core on
immigration that he was even three years
ago Lindsey Graham is very upset with
Stephen Miller and he and he lashed out
at him over the fact that Miller and the
Trump administration are putting a crimp
in his plans with regard to this
immigration shutdown as long as Stephen
Miller's in charge of negotiating
immigration we're going nowhere he's
been an outlier for years okay so the
truth is that that Miller is a very
hardcore guy at immigration but Graham
is also an outlier he's much more dovish
than the rest of the party this is just
his latest and greatest attempt to move
toward amnesty the the White House is
firing back on Graham directly Hogan
Ginley said quote as long as senator
chooses to support legislation that size
of people in this country illegally and
unlawfully instead of our own American
citizens were going nowhere he's been an
outlier for years so this sets up the
conflict right this sets up the conflict
cuz Democrats are gonna offer some sort
of pittance in exchange for daca
Gutierrez I think this is um I'm
training members luis Gutierrez Democrat
of Illinois he came out he said about
the government shutdown but he's really
talking about daca
then maybe we'll give Trump a little bit
of funding for his wall if that's what
we have to do in order to make sure that
the dreamers stay then fine any deal
approved by luis Gutierrez is a garbage
deal okay that's the rule of thumb luis
Gutierrez is the most dovish member of
congress on immigration and particularly
illegal immigration here's what he had
to say look I think the wall is a
monumental waste of taxpayers money and
it's to build a monument to to stupidity
and and it's just idiotic having said
that if that's what it's going to take
in order to put 800,000 young men and
women in this country dreamers and put
them in a safe place and put them on a
course to full integration in our
society if that's what the hostage
takers of the dreamers if that's their
ransom call I say pay it okay so if he's
saying pay off the wall give him a
couple billion bucks for the wall and
then we'll get the dreamers in that's
the deal that no Republican should take
again this is a great lip mist test any
time luis Gutierrez for something you
run the other way you just run the other
way and one of the problems here is that
for President Trump when it comes to
negotiation he has proved not to be
particularly adept at negotiation with
Democrats remember he signed off on a
budget deal last year he undermined Paul
Ryan and Mitch McConnell and what far
more dovish on immigration I mean on the
budget then his fellow Republicans would
have had him do he got Republicans
almost in trouble on this government
shutdown like he tweeted out over the
weekend this right here's what he
