it's the last show of 2017 and what a
show it shall be President Trump signs
into law his tax reform nikki Haley
becomes our spirit animal and the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show oh yes so much to get to
here on the bench Shapiro show we
finally reached the end of the year
we're here it's upon us and we survived
we all got here you know that was in
doubt all year long it was in doubt over
the last three weeks it was in doubt I
mean I know that I was expected to be
dead at least twice I'm not even talking
about when I visited Berkeley I'm just
talking about the tax reform and net
neutrality but we'll talk about all of
the things that are happening on this
the last workday essentially of 2017 but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blinka so you're gonna
have some time over the holidays but you
don't have time to read a 500 page book
you don't you have time to listen to a
15-minute segment that basically brings
you all the points of the book cuz
that's all you're gonna remember anyway
well that's what blink astiz for instead
of having to spend all your time waiting
through pages and pages of material
you're in the car anyway there for an
hour you don't have my podcast next week
so what are you gonna do they're driving
to Grandma's house what are you gonna do
all week well this is why you need the
blink a snap the blink a snap
gives you in what they call blinks 15
minutes summaries of the main points of
2000 of the best-selling non-fiction
books in America transforms into
powerful information packs now you can
feast your mind on key ideas from top
best-selling non-fiction books things
like flow which talks about how to
achieve more happiness in your work life
to why nations feel talking about how
nations are run why did I shouldn't else
like a 700 page book taking a week to
complete but if you listen to the bling
cast on it it'll take you like 15
minutes to complete it's been selected
as one of the best apps in America by
Forbes BuzzFeed The New York Times and
it's used by over 3 million users right
now Blinky's has a special offer just
for our audience go to blink accom slash
Ben right now to start your free trial
or get three months off your yearly plan
when you join today that's blink is to
spell bli and K is T blink is calm / Ben
to start your free trial or get three
months off your yearly plan blink is
calm / Ben uses flash pens they know
that we sent you okay so today big day
over at the White House the President of
the United States
signs into law his ginormous tax cut and
everyone is very excited so the
president
signs that into law just before
Christmas and then he says that he's
gonna have a working vacation I hope not
I hope the president just takes the time
off
what's the media Fester you know he
doesn't he doesn't need to provide them
content let them chew on all of the good
things that are happening because of
this tax cut so there is an additional
list we gave you a list yesterday of
corporations they're now giving bonuses
and raises to people and hiring more
people because of the tax cut that just
passed the Senate and the house and was
signed into law by the president in
Texas New Braunfels based rush
enterprises is planning to give each of
its employees a $1,000 bonus after
President Trump signs the tax reform
bill into law the commercial truck
dealer said all of its approximately
6600 US employees will receive the
one-time payout which will cost about
six point six million dollars in
Wisconsin Associated Bank said it would
boost its minimum hourly wage to fifteen
bucks and pay workers a $500 bonus their
current minimum wage is $10 an hour so
that's a fight that's a fifty percent
increase the company said that its moves
would affect about three thousand
employees in Idaho Melaleuca Inc which
is run by frank van der Sloot's an
Anderson Republican he said in a phone
interview that his 2,000 workers would
get a one-time bonus from a hundred
bucks for every year they worked at the
company they have about 150 employees
who have worked there for twenty years
or more the average employee will get
about an $800 bonus in Hawaii the Royal
Hawaiian heritage jewelry that they've
decided to open a second shop and
there's gonna happen all over the place
right then there's gonna happen as
businesses decide they have more money
to spend then hiring should go up
investment should go up even their stock
buybacks maybe jester stocks go up but
it's good for the economy when people
get to keep their own dollars why
because they get to spend those dollars
they invest those dollars and you know
what you want to buy better than the
federal government knows what you want
to buy now the left has lost their mind
over the tax cut obviously they just
can't deal with it and it's really
interesting because it sort of betrays
what they actually think of America and
what they think of your capacity to keep
your own money so Elizabeth Warren for
example you know she has an interesting
take her basic notion here is the reason
corporations are now giving bonuses and
raises is because they're trying to
propagandize to their workers not
because they actually like their workers
or help their workers they have
nefarious motives all of the
corporations are essentially evil in the
end they'll just use that money to line
their own pockets and give the
selves big bonuses that's what they'll
do they're cruel and plutocratic here's
Elizabeth Warren sending a few smoke
signals of her own I want to be
absolutely clear I am delighted when
workers get more money
I'm glad when it happens at any
corporation in America yay
but let's be really clear if these
corporations had wanted to do that they
already had plenty of profits to do it
the idea that this is trickle-down
economics at work rather than just plain
old politics it's just wrong the
corporate CEOs have already told us what
they're going to do with this money give
you an example Home Depot right after
the Senate passed the tax bill a couple
of weeks ago Home Depot CEO is executive
is interviewed instead so what are you
gonna do with all of this money that
Home Depot has because they're going to
do really well on this was it we're
gonna raise wages for our employees mmm
no why is it we're going to hire more
employees at the Home Depot stores no
our was it we're going to build more
Home Depot's across America um no they
said what we're gonna do is we're going
to do stop buybacks in other words we're
going to use whatever money comes in to
pump up the price of our stock okay so
what's hilarious about this is number
one the Democrats were claiming for
years that the stock market growth of
the Obama administration was clearly a
reflection of his underlying solid
economy except the job growth didn't
keep up because the stocks were actually
stock buybacks right now she's ripping
stock buyback stock buybacks are
terrible but the idea here is that
corporations are nefarious their profit
seeking isn't that awful now hilarious
is the same folks who think that
corporations are profit seeking and evil
number one I don't know if they've ever
met anyone who runs a corporation okay I
help run a corporation right I along
with my executive team the people I work
with the presidents of the company and
the CEO the CEO of the company you know
we run the company together we actually
do care about our employees if you went
to our Christmas party yesterday the
only employee who got a bad gift in our
Christmas party was Michael Knowles
because he's a bad employee right he got
coal that I gave him for Christmas but
aside from that it was in a Tiffany's
box so I guess it was nice a little bit
and one day if Michael really puts
himself under pressure that coal will
become a diamond it was actually in
there's me exhorting him to work but
everybody at the company is relatively
happy because we are interested in
keeping them employed and if they are
good at their jobs we give them raises
and if they're good at their jobs we
retain them and if they're bad at their
jobs we fire them people don't want to
fire people okay they actually don't
people are not generally in the business
of enjoying firing people and
corporations actually do care about
their workers which is why wages have
risen in the United States in terms of
what you can buy they've risen in the
United States continuously despite the
death of private sector unions private
sector unions represent something like 3
percent of the workforce now they barely
exist all of the unions exist in the
public sector where they're unionizing
against the government but in the
private sector people have decided that
they're gonna have better luck instead
of unionizing just going and talking to
their employer about arrays which is
correct but the idea from the from the
left is precisely the reverse
corporations are cruel they hate you
they want to harm you they want to use
you as a slave labor but the government
is benevolent
so it's benevolent when the government
comes to me and takes a gun out and
points it at me and says give me your
money that's benevolent but and if the
mutton if the government gives me my own
money back then that's bad that's bad
because you know that's redistributing
the wealth but if a corporation is
working and giving bonuses and keeping
people employed then somehow they're
cruel now here's the thing I think most
people are motivated by self-interest
the difference is that in a capitalist
economy my self-interest does not
manifest as anything good for me unless
I give something to you
capitalism turns self-interest into what
I have called for stala ISM the point
being that I can be as selfish as I want
but if I don't produce a good or service
that you like I'm gonna starve hey
that's the beauty of the capitalist
free-market system government has no
such qualms government has no such
issues if government wants to survive
government can't go bankrupt it will
just bankrupt you it will take all your
money all your children's money if we're
gonna talk about caring levels versus
corporations versus government
corporations care a hell of a lot more
about making sure that you are employed
as long as you are doing work for them
then the government cares no more than
care at all the government will just tax
the hell out of you if you earn and
they'll give you money if you don't
because the government is interested in
your dependency or in sucking money out
of your pocket those are the only two
things the government is interested in
on a fiscal level either taking your
money or turning you into a dependent
those are the only two things government
is not interested in boosting you or
giving you a hand up you know the
Democrats will say we would just wanna
give you a handout because to hand up
then and then they promote policies that
make sure that people stay in poverty
they pay people to stay off the work
lines right they want welfare increased
so that people don't have to work jobs
this is why you have Nancy Pelosi saying
things like we want to make sure that
you are not burdened by job lock lately
you're not locked into a job you don't
want to do okay that fundamental
difference between how you view private
industry and how you view government
undergirds this entire thing and in a
second I do want to discuss what
happened at the UN as a major
development to over at the UN yesterday
with nikki Haley really taking charge
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at us CCA so if you're a
gun lover it's time for you to listen up
how would you like to head to the range
tomorrow with a brand new gun I know you
would it's Christmas time folks I know I
would too well my friends over at the
u.s. CCA want to get more guns into the
hands of more responsible law-abiding
armed Americans like you so they are
ending 2017 by giving you up to 17
chances to win your new gun every day
that's right a different gun every
single day of the week could be a Kimber
could be a lock could be a Springfield
all you have to do is go to defend my
family now three calm defend my family
now judge it three.com to reveal which
gun you could be taking home tomorrow
its defend my family now three.com
remember not a lot of time the gun of
the day will always disappear at
midnight this will be the last time I'm
telling you the website so listen
carefully it's defend my family now
three.com defend my family now 3.com get
your chance to win a new gun every
single day but do it right now defend my
family now three.com go check it out USC
c8 does a lot of fantastic work you
should register with them in any case
okay so yesterday as I said nikki Haley
acting as my spirit animal and she was
at the UN the UN votes 128 to nine
against the United States moving our
embassy to jerusalem's which we say go
to hell who cares what you have to say
why in the world when I care that Yemen
doesn't want us to move our embassy to
Jerusalem and Yemen can kiss our ass who
cares
answer no one no one okay and nikki
Haley made that pretty clear she
basically looked at the entire UN and
she said guys you think I'm standing
here like caring about what you guys
have to say
welcome to murica Nikki hailey doing
yeoman's work over at the UN it's always
weird whenever people speak at the UN it
looks like they're speaking in the
bathroom of the Macy's right Meg there's
there's Nikki hailey really bashing
people about the head United States is
by far the single largest contributor to
the United Nations and its agencies when
a nation is singled out for attack in
this organization that nation is
disrespected what's more that nation is
asked to pay for the privilege of being
disrespected the United States will
remember this day in which it was
singled out for attack in the General
Assembly for the very act of exercising
our right as a sovereign nation we will
remember it when we are called upon to
once again make the world's largest
contribution to the United Nations and
we will remember it when so many
countries come calling on us as they so
often do to pay even more and to use our
influence for their benefit cut them off
cut them off
cut them off okay none of these
countries that are voting against the
United States ought to take their
foreign aid for granted now there are
two types of foreign aid that the United
States grant it represents foreign aid
by the way about 1% of the American
federal budget every year what's
breaking the bank is not foreign aid but
we can use this as a tool you know we
give it like a hundred million dollars
is in Bob way every year like in human
and development aid in health and
development it we give a true it says
something 135 million dollars every year
to Zimbabwe which was until five minutes
ago run by Robert Mugabe one of the
worst people on planet earth there been
studies that show that foreign aid does
virtually nothing when he's trying to
check to a dictator the dictator takes
the check immediately cashes it builds
himself a new palace buys himself a
couple of new female bodyguards and then
goes about his daily business by
stopping the bodyguards and and
murdering his own people four and eight
unless it is specifically to the right
areas doesn't do a whole hell of a lot
and the UN doesn't do a whole hell of a
lot the idea of attaching strings to the
system makes a lot of sense now what's
funny is that there are people on the
Left who don't believe this so Philip
Mudd is one of these people he's a you
know his name is mud literally and he he
actually says this on CNN he said
he said that Trump was acting in the
form of diplomatic prostitution he said
let me be blunt here wolf he said this
to Wolf Blitzer
this is diplomatic prostitution we're
telling people unless you vote with us
we're not going to give you money and if
your heart doesn't agree with American
policies we're not gonna support you in
terms of USA that's not prostitution
it's just called diplomacy like we
actually get to attach strings to the
checks that we sign to people it's true
everywhere by the way it's true in
domestic policy too no such thing as a
free lunch internationally or nationally
and by the but what this really betrays
is that there are a lot of people in the
United States living in the United
States who do not actually see the
United States as a force for good in the
world they don't they see it as a bad
thing they see it as a bad thing when we
exert our power in the world that's
because there are really two different
views of America on the world stage view
number one is that America is a big
bully this was Barack Obama's view and
his apology tour early on in his
presidency in America is the big bully
on the world stage were mean to people
and cruel were overreaching were sort of
bull in a china shop sure we try to do
the right thing but we usually do the
wrong thing and then there is the more
traditional and correct view of
America's role in the world which is
that we are the greatest force for
freedom the world has ever seen and ever
known in fact is where American boots
have set foot freedom follows
I'm not gonna talk about whether we
should have been in every war that we've
been in but where America was present
there was freedom and where America was
removed at the freedom went away this is
true in Vietnam where when we pulled out
of Vietnam South Vietnam and South
Vietnam a free country turns into a
communist tell Ho so does Cambodia in
Cambodia where they were the Khmer Rouge
and at murdering a million people right
when we when we pull out of Korea out of
North Korea North Korea is still a
prison camp 60 odd years later in South
Korea where we still have troops is one
of the freest most prosperous countries
in Asia
forget about your upper I mean all of
Europe would be speaking German right
now for one for the United States
including Britain so the idea that the
United States has been nefarious force
on the world stage that we have strings
attached
we should have strings attached because
our strings are good and our strings are
usually things like we would like you to
free up your press we would like you to
not oppress women we would like for you
to support United States foreign policy
in strengthening our interests around
the world this is good stuff
the United States has never conquered
nations to take them the United States
has conquered nations in order to place
regimes with better regimes ask how
that's gone for Japan and Germany the
answer is pretty well and by the way it
was going a lot better in Iraq until
President Obama decided to precipitously
withdraw from Iraq leaving in his wake
an Iranian backed regime and Isis in the
in the west of the country in the
northwest of the country so this view
that the United States is being terrible
