a violent political attack shocks the
nation Joe Scarborough compares
President Trump to 9/11 terrorists and
the Washington Post blames President
Trump for our hurricane I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show well glad
to be back saving the world once again
from the steaming pile that is Michael
Knowles who apparently took over my
radio show for a couple of days in my
absence I just cannot believe that such
things happen well I am gone we'll get
to all of the latest news but first
let's talk about your sleep quality
because the fact is you're sleeping on a
mattress probably built for somebody
else and there's no reason for that
instead you should be checking out
helix-loop-helix sleep has built a sleep
quiz it takes two minutes to complete
they use the answers to match your body
type and sleep preferences to the
perfect mattress whether you're a side
sleeper a hot sleeper whether you like a
plush or firm bed with helix there's no
more guessing and no more confusion all
you have to do is go to helix sleep calm
slash Ben and take their two minutes
sleep quiz and then we'll match you to a
mattress that will give you the best
sleep of your life I know their
mattresses are great because I have one
my wife and I took the sleep quiz it
arrived in the mail the mattress and
then we opened it up and and just
inflated it right in front of us we
tossed it on the bed frame we were good
to go it's incredibly comfortable
we took a more expensive mattress and
moved it out of our room because the
helix sleep mattress is so good I even
got one for my sister for her wedding go
check it out right now they have a 10
year warranty and you get to try it out
for 100 nights risk-free as well so
there's really no reason not to do it
right now helix is offering up to 125
bucks off all mattress orders again 125
bucks off at helix sleep comm slash pen
that's helix sleep calm slash Ben for
125 dollars off your mattress order once
more helix sleep calm slash Ben go check
it out alrighty so we begin today with a
violent attack that if the parties had
been reversed would be national news on
every major channel instead it was sort
of news inside the conservative
ecosystem here is the story according to
CBS San Francisco a man was arrested on
suspicion of felony assault and other
charges after allegedly attempting to
stab a Republican congressional
candidate with a switchblade over the
weekend in Castro Valley according to
the Alameda County Sheriff's Office on
Sunday September 9th at approximately
3:45 p.m. deputies working at the Castro
Valley Fall Festival were alerted to a
possible knife attack at one of the
vendor booths deputies arrived at the
booth and made contact with the victim
Republican candidate Rudy Peters who's
running against incumbent Erik sois well
for the 15th congressional district seat
the Castro Valley news first reported on
the attack according to witnesses 35
year old Castro Valley resident Farzad
Fez le approached Peters at his booth in
an aggressive manner and made
disparaging profanity-laced remarks
about the Republican Party and President
Donald Trump during the incident FFA's
le allegedly pulled out a switchblade
knife and attempted to stab Peters the
knife malfunction the candidate became
involved in a physical struggle with
FFA's le according to the sheriff's
sergeant Ray Kelly the suspect then fled
the scene but was later detained by
deputies and found in possession of a
switchblade knife now this isn't
national news its regional news and the
reason its regional news is because the
guy was cursing about Trump if this has
been an acolyte of President Trump who
is instead attacking a Democrat or a
member of the media this would be
national news because then we'd have a
national conversation about the extent
to which rhetoric on the left is
generating violence and there are some
folks on the right who are qualified to
speak on this for example representative
Steve Scalise the House Majority Whip
Steve Scalise you'll recall it was shot
nearly to death in a congressional
baseball attack they were they were
playing baseball bunch of Congress
people and an anti-trump Bernie Sanders
supporter walked up and started shooting
folks up I said at the time Bernie
Sanders is not responsible for the
actions of a crazy person who decides to
shoot up a bunch of Republican Congress
people but that story disappeared from
the news in about a week in about a week
we would still be talking about that
story if it were a bunch of Democrats
here's Steve Scalise explaining that
some people on the Left incite violence
here's what Scalise had to say he said
you've got some people on the left that
just want this idea of resist and ignore
the fact Trump is president they want to
interrupt the ability of Congress to do
its job and of course you've got death
threats and literal attacks home lives
and frankly I want to see the left stand
up to this and of course Scalise should
know and Scalise is right and this is
not the only evidence of violence and
violent threats coming from folks on the
left again in the media all you hear is
people on the right have grown
increasingly violent thanks to President
Trump's rhetoric and the escalated
rhetoric of recent years you never hear
this about folks on the Left even as
mainstream anchors like Chris Cuomo on
CNN defend an Tifa an actual violent
domestic terror group here's another
story from yesterday according to Ryan
Saavedra over at Daily wire a supporter
of the Democratic socialists of America
has reportedly threatened to shoot up a
make America great again event at the
Trump International Hotel in Washington
DC
law enforcement officials with the
Metropolitan Police Department have
opened up an investigation in response
to the threat which was posted to
Twitter on Tuesday according to the
Daily Mail the Twitter account wrote to
right-wing pundit Cassandra Fairbanks
I'm coming with a gun and I expect to
get numerous blood-stained Magga hats as
trophies the account used the DSA logo
as his profile photo added an emoji of a
rose to its name which is common among
DSA supporters and shortly after the
threat was posted the owner of the
account changed their twitter twitter
handle as well so that's another story
of left-wing threats to violence here's
another one a Republican Party office in
Laramie Wyoming caught fire early
Thursday morning just days after it
opened the Daily Caller news foundation
learned this is a bit of an older story
this one is from September 6th the fire
appears to have been set intentionally
according to Laramie Police Department
spokesman Steve Morgan the local police
department is cooperating with the
Federal Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and
Firearms in the ongoing investigation
according to Morgan adding that
authorities have not yet identified a
suspect or a motive for the fire that's
not a major shock that have been attacks
on Republican Party offices for the past
several years actually for the last
couple of years there have been attacks
on Republican Party offices and again
the motive of the person who is engaging
in the attack seems to be the only thing
that the media definitely care about if
the person is motivated by pro-trump
animus then that person gets all sorts
of press if the person is motivated by
anti-trump anti right-wing animus then
the person gets no press at all if it
turns out the person was a racist
lunatic then it's a then it's a major
story if it turns out the person was a
left-wing environmentalist Luna lunatic
then the story gets virtually no
coverage and the reason for this is
because well the left does not in most
cases and the vast majority of cases
agree with violent rhetoric the left
does agree with pretty extreme rhetoric
about the right that they would never
tolerate from folks on the right and I
speak today specifically of a column by
Joe Scarborough so Joe Scarborough
yesterday put out a piece in The
Washington Post in which he suggested
the President Trump is harming the dream
of America more than any foreign
adversary ever could his contention is
that Trump is basically worse for
America than 9/11 that is his contention
now again is Joe Scarborough responsible
for violence against proton people no
he's not I have a very simple rule and
I've held this rule consistently since
long before Trump was president
held with regard to Barack Obama if
you're not overtly calling for violence
you're not responsible for violence on
behalf of people who quote-unquote agree
with you because then it's gonna be very
easy to malign mainstream political
opinions because there are a lot of
folks who are crazy who agree with
mainstream political commentators so
instead what I've said and I think this
is the relevant gauge is that you're
only held responsible for the violence
of people who take you up on your offer
of violence or on your urging of
violence then we can fairly say that
rhetoric was involved in violent it is
true however that as we raise the
temperature in the country as we raise
the temperature on the rhetoric there
are people who are on the fringe and
those people are more likely to be
activated by the extreme feeling that
they are getting from the nature of
today's politics think of politics like
ripples in a pond and the epicenter of
those ripples the the very center of
those rules when you throw the rock and
the pond that's a political event and as
um as the ripples move out they
encompass a larger and larger group of
people and I'm from Orem or fringe group
of people so if politics are now
reaching a more fringe group of people
and making those people more apt to feel
extreme more apt to engage in violence
then that's something we ought to be
watching it's one of the reasons we got
to be taking the temperature down at
least a little bit here's Joe
Scarborough though encouraging at least
this this sort of extremism and rhetoric
again this is a guy who it is worthwhile
to recall Joe Scarborough and Mika
Brzezinski an MSNBC spent months pumping
president Trump months pumping President
Trump Joe Scarborough and Mika
Brzezinski had him on the show they sat
with him during the primaries they kept
talking about what a great guy he was
they enjoyed the ratings boost that they
got from hanging out with President
Trump now of course President Trump is
the worst thing since since New Coke
here is Joe Scarborough explaining why
the President of the United States is
worse than 9/11 here's what he said he
said cataclysmic events often bring with
them violent and abrupt endings to
settle the ages and long established
norms those absorbing the impact of
these historical aftershocks readily
grasp the epical changes in real time
who could have imagined during their
commute home on the night of November
21st 1963 that an event in Dallas the
next day would shake the post-war order
guaranteed by America's victory in World
War two even after Lee Harvey Oswald's
shots rang out from the Texas
School Book Depository anyone could have
could anyone have foreseen the collapse
of such an ordered age soon overtaken by
the anarchy of Vietnam the murders of
the Reverend Martin Luther King jr. and
Bobby Kennedy the race riot Chicago Kent
State Watergate post-industrial rot and
the cultural caste set loose across the
country by these events and could even
the most insightful observer have
foreseen while staring at the billowing
smoke set against New York's brilliant
September sky the avalanche of strategic
blunders set in motion by Osama bin
Laden's attack on the United States of
course not but two wars three presidents
and 17 years later the tragic lessons of
that time are still lost on our leaders
and then he goes on to talk about the
United States deploying its its various
resources and how the and how the
various parties dealt with 9/11 but then
he gets to President Trump and here's
what he says 17 years later endless wars
broad and reckless policies at home have
produced annual deficits approaching one
trillion dollars first of all that's a
lie the reason that we actually have a 1
trillion dollar deficit every year is
because of social programs it is not
because of war the reason that we have a
massive massive deficit is not because
of the war it is because of Social
Security Medicare and Medicaid which
constitute somewhere on the order of 66
percent of the federal budget each and
every year in mandatory spending but
Scarborough then continues president
Trump's Republican Party will create
more debt in one year than was generated
in the first 200 years of America's
existence and it's always fun to watch
as people who didn't care all that much
about Barack Obama's debts suddenly care
about Donald Trump's debts and vice
versa by the way Republicans don't care
about that anymore they used to care
about debt an awful lot but the part
that's really astonishing about this
Scarborough column is when he gets it
tore to the end he says for those of us
still believing that Islamic extremists
hate America because of the freedoms we
guarantee to people the gravest threat
Trump poses to our national security is
the damage done daily to America's image
as the New York Times Roger Cohen wrote
the month after Trump's election America
is an idea stripped freedom and human
rights democracy and the rule of law
from what the United States represents
to the world and America itself is
gutted Osama bin Laden was killed by
SEAL Team six before he accomplished
that goal other tyrants who tried to do
the same were consigned to the ash heap
of history the question for voters this
fall is whether their country will move
beyond this troubled chapter in history
or whether they will continue supporting
a politician who has done more damage to
the dream of America than any foreign
adversary ever could
apparently Donald Trump has now done
more to damage America than you know the
murder of 3,000 America
on 9/11 and the murder of Americans by
the way aboard the USS Cole that this
sort of rhetoric is not particularly
helpful I'll give you another example of
this sort of rhetoric in just a second
Donald Trump apparently responsible for
every horrible thing that happens in the
universe it's amazing if the left were
to simply restrict their criticism of
President Trump to the relevant if they
were simply to say you know President
Trump not a supremely confident guy the
people around him maybe keeping him on
track but is this somebody who you
really want to trust is this somebody if
you really trust to make the right
decisions for you they'd have a lot
better shot at winning back power then
they will just screaming to the sky
about how President Trump controls
everything and honestly people on the
right who resonate to this and think
President Trump does control everything
are contributing to a belief that
government can solve all of your
problems when you believe that
government is the only thing that
matters the government can solve all of
your problems or it causes all of your
problems you're more likely to fall into
a pit of extremism and extreme feeling
and rhetoric about the government that
makes the condition of the country a lot
worse rather than better I'm going to
talk about the latest example from the
Washington Post in just a second but
first let's talk about the folks who
work at your company so in my absence
Michael Knowles did a radio show for two
days and this has made me think should I
replace Michael Mills I mean I've been
thinking about that for quite a long
time if I do decide to replace Michael
Knowles I know I've been urged by others
to do so and only the better than angels
of my nature prevent this if I were to
do this I would go over to zip recruiter
comm right now because zip recruiter is
the best way to replace your bad
employees with better employees zip
recruiter sends your job to over a
hundred of the web's leading job bores
but they don't stop there with their
powerful matching technologies zip
recruiter scans thousands of resumes to
find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job as
applications come in zip recruiter
analyzes each one spotlights the top
candidates so you never miss a great
match zip recruiter is so effective that
80% of employers who post on zip
recruiter an equality candidate through
the site within the first day with
results like that it's no wonder zip
recruiter is the highest rated hiring
site in the United States and right now
my listeners can try zip recruiter for
free at this exclusive web address zip
recruit com slash daily where again zip
recruiter com slash daily Wire Dai ly WI
re zip recruiter com slash daily Wire
zip recruiter is indeed the smartest way
to hire get better employees get new
employees best way to
zip recruit calm / daily wire try it out
for free okay so not only is president
Trump worse than 911 according to the
editorial board at the Washington Post
President Trump is responsible for
hurricanes he rocks you like a hurricane
President Trump
apparently threw flatulence alone can
generate hurricanes here is what the
Washington Post says this is their
editorial board but don't worry they're
not generating a feeling of extreme
rhetoric with regard to politics in any
way shape or form politics is the be-all
end-all here's what they say quote yet
again a massive hurricane feeding off
unusually warm ocean water has the
potential to stall over heavily
populated areas
menacing millions of people last year
hurricane Harvey battered Houston now
hurricane Florence threatens to drench
already waterlogged swathes of the East
Coast including the nation's capital if
the category 4 hurricane does indeed hit
the Carolinas this week it will be the
strongest storm on record to land so far
north
president Trump issued several warnings
on his Twitter feed Monday counseling
those in Florida in Florence's projected
path to prepare and listen to local
officials that was good advice yet when
it comes to extreme weather mr. Trump is
complicit he's complicit apparently the
hurricane calls up the president and the
president's like listen I can't help you
out hurricane but what I can do is I can
keep my mouth shut I will be complicit
in your sins hurricane he plays a parent
so it used to be the Democrats blamed
the udin for the weather and we got that
from from that Democrat crazy person in
Washington DC the Jews were responsible
for the weather now President Trump is
controlling the weather it is this meme
on Twitter where you say something like
President Trump I can't believe he just
did flips through notebook and then you
land on some random thing I said flip
through I can't believe that he's
responsible for flips through notebook
dog abandonment right this is this is
that right
I can't believe President Trump is
responsible for flips through notebook
hurricane hey here's what they say he
plays down humans role in increasing the
risks he continues to dismantle efforts
to address those risks and now it should
be straight if President Trump signed on
