after a shooting in a newsroom the media
jumps you anti-trump conclusions Supreme
Court talk heats up and we'll check the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
Oh tons to talk about today and we will
get to all of it first I want to remind
you that we have a special livestream
coming up this Monday July 2nd 7:00 p.m.
Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific we're going to be
joined by special guest Jordan Peterson
to celebrate Independence Day because
he's the world's foremost Canadian God
King Jeremy boring he's gonna host a new
edition of daily wire backstage with me
and Andrew Clavin in the execrable
Michael Mills to look back on our
country's birth and look ahead to its
future with an ignoramus like Knowles
and a very well informed Canadian like
Jordan Peterson subscribers will even be
able to write in live questions for us
to answer on the air again that is this
Monday July 2nd 7:00 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m.
Pacific with special guest Jordan
Peterson you can find our special live
storm on Facebook and YouTube you're not
going to want to miss it also you're
going to want to check out o Max and the
reason for that is because you're not as
healthy as you could be omega-3s have
been touted as one of the healthiest
supplements you can find but the reality
is they're even healthier than that try
Oh max calm / appear and get a box for
free that's about free box of Oh max 3
ultra pure which is the purest omega-3
supplement on the market over 75% of
Americans don't get enough Omega threes
in their diet you're probably one of
them so here's why they're important to
your health really and they can improve
focus and memory they can boost your
cardiovascular health they can alleviate
joint pain and here's the problem a lot
of the ones that you're saying in the
market a lot of these Omega threes you
see on the market they are not pure
enough o max 3 ultra pure is almost
ninety four percent pure omega-3 fatty
acids it's so pure that you can do with
it what they call the freezer test
challenge basically if you take any
other omega-3 and you stick it in a
freezer and you take it out it's gonna
look cloudy because that's all the
filler but if you put o max 3 soft gel
in there it remains clear because it is
that pure is clinically tested so it's
safe for you and your family
well max 3 is the purest most potent
most concentrated omega-3 on the market
you're gonna want to use it whether
you're an athlete whether you're a
student whether you're just somebody who
needs a little bit more focus Oh max 3
comes with a 60-day money-back
guarantees you have plenty of time to
try it and really feel that Oh max
difference you're really not risking
anything at all go to try Oh max calm /
Shapiro today to get a box of Oh max 3
ultra pure for free that's try Oh max
calm / compare to get your free box of
Oh max 3 T ry om a XCOM / Shapiro Terms
& Conditions
to apply ok so yesterday there's a
horrific event and it happens at a
newsroom in Annapolis Maryland at a
place called the Capitol Gazette
nobody's ever heard of the Capitol
Gazette newspaper because a local
newspaper and a
walked into the building and proceeded
to gun down a bunch of people killed at
least five people and this shooter was a
peculiar human being shall we say aside
from being evil he apparently damaged
his finger so that he could not be
identified and then the investigators
had to use facial recognition to
identify him and the shooter had a
history with the newspaper it turns out
because he had sued them in 2012 for
defamation after there was a story by a
person who wrote for the paper about how
this guy had basically harassed her
online and then he sued for defamation
and he lost the Capitol Gazette reported
in 2015 the suspects lawsuit against the
newspaper had been thrown out by a judge
because the article is based on public
records and the suspect presented no
evidence that it was inaccurate the
Capitol Gazette reported at the time
that the suspect who represented himself
appealed the decisions in the Maryland
Court of Special Appeals which upheld
the ruling in an opinion that was filed
that day a lawyer would almost certainly
have told him not to proceed with the
case the court wrote it reveals a
fundamental failure to understand what
defamation law is it more particularly
what's information law is not so why is
this national news aside from the fact
that it's yet another mass shooting on
American soil
the reason it's national news is because
everybody decided it was very important
to jump to conclusions so a bunch of
people decided online that they were
going to jump to the conclusion that
this person had been inspired by my
lowly innopolis now I've been loath to
say the name Maile Ohye Annapolis
because I find him alone some human
being but Milo in Annapolis has been
sort of an ultra provocateur for several
years he's the kind of fellow who one
sent me on my son's birthday a picture
of a black child because I was a cuck
right I was somebody didn't care enough
about the whiteness of the United States
and thus I would not have minded if my
wife slept with a black person and had a
and had a black child that's the kind of
person Maile Ohye annapolis is well my
Lily had said a couple of days ago he
was in a couple of exchanges with
journalists and he had written back to a
journalist that he hopes the journalist
gets shot so the entire left decided
this was my Lully Annapolis his fault
the shooting and then they decided also
that it was Donald Trump's fault the
shooting this is before we actually knew
why this guy had gone and committed the
shooting in the first place and as I say
it turns out the reason that he
committed the shooting is because a
nutjob who had filed suit against the
newspaper and had a vendetta against the
newspaper but did not stop the media
from trying to blame Donald Trump
yesterday over all this now none of this
is to say that Miley innopolis is
worried about journalists aren't
execrable and terrible they are
execrable and terrible but lots of
people say execrable terrible things
that does not mean
they are responsible for the actual
shooting of other human beings unless
you are actually telling people to go
shoot journalists you're not responsible
for somebody going and shooting
journalists this is why when Bernie
Sanders was blamed for the Congressional
baseball shooting by some I said this is
not on Bernie Sanders I don't like
Bernie Sanders I don't like anything the
Bernie Sanders says but we're on a very
dangerous slope here if we're gonna
blame speech for the actions of people
who are crazy who go out and shoot other
people well the administration
immediately came out and condemned the
attack of course Sarah Huckabee Sanders
has asked about it and she condemned the
attacks and strongly condemn the evil
act of senseless violence in Annapolis
Maryland a violent attack on innocent
journalists doing their job as an attack
on every American our prayers are with
the victims and their friends and
families and it wasn't just Sarah
Huckabee Sanders president Trump also
tweeted out in Sweden
prior to departing Wisconsin I was
briefed on the shooting at Capitol
Gazette in Annapolis Maryland my
thoughts and prayers are with the
victims and their families thank you to
all the first responders who are
currently on the scene okay so it's a
perfectly nice tweet from president
Trump Mike Pence did the same the vice
president he tweeted something out just
arrived in Guatemala we're monitoring
the horrific shooting at the Capitol
Gazette in Annapolis Karen and I are
praying for the victims and their
families we commend the swift action by
law enforcement and all the first
responders on the scene okay so how does
the media cover all this did they cover
this as a nutjob went into a newspaper
he had a vendetta against with the
shotgun and murdered a bunch of people
no they covered this as though as
Trump's fault because they have no sense
of perspective because they have no
sense of their own hypocrisy these are
the same people who are in many ways
defending Maxine Waters in her call for
sort of mob confrontation a lot of these
folks are the same people who are
laughing about you know the various
Kathy Griffin stunts with the heads of
Donald Trump and such these same people
are saying that it is Donald Trump's
fault
when a person who is totally
unassociated with Donald Trump goes out
and shoots up a newsroom and they dug up
a tweet from 2015 in which the guy
suggested that anti-trump bias could be
met with violence but again they say
this is the he tweeted something like
that you can bring that tweet back up
he had tweeted something to the effect
of that the he had tweeted something
like the newspaper was unqualified and
it could end badly again he tweeted some
of the shooter tweeted referring to
Donald Trump is unqualified could end
badly again okay well he wrote that in
2015 which is about the time that he had
filed his lawsuit his lawsuit against
the news
paper had been dismissed and Donald
Trump and filed a lawsuit against
Univision so basically you know the only
threat that I can see there is a lawsuit
threat even though this guy was
completely not but a bunch of people in
the media decided that this is Trump's
fault the Trump's language about
journalists the fact that journalists
are booed at all of his rallies the fact
that people chance CNN sucks this is
responsible for some unrelated nutjob
going out and shooting up a newsroom
even though it's very obvious that this
guy went in Trump the newsroom because
he had a vendetta against the people at
the newsroom so brian Stelter for
example on CNN he says this is the
moment that so many journalists have
feared it's a moment that I think so
many journalists have feared for a long
time regardless of whether this newsroom
was targeted or not this has been a fear
on many journalists Minds okay so it's
not that it's not a fear of many
journalists mind okay it isn't as a
journalist for nearly my entire life an
opinion journalist for my entire adult
life I can say that I don't have
significant fear that people are gonna
randomly come into our daily wire
offices and start shooting the place up
unless I were talking about an actual
politically motivated attack for spelter
to say that as though journalists have a
special fear is just weird okay the fact
is that journalists are not routinely
targeted by the general public and what
he's really implying there is that the
the tenor of anti media activity has
grown so strong that people are going to
go out and shoot people so he's
attempting to and backhanded fashion I
think blame President Trump and it's not
just him there's a political reporter
Josh Meyer in DC who tweeted something
out similar he said every journalist and
those who support us should retweet this
I can't think of a single other
president in my lifetime who would have
acted like this perhaps he fears
questions about whether his anti media
rhetoric played a role and those Josh
Meyer referring to President Trump being
asked about the Maryland shooting so
hero reporters harassing Trump about the
Maryland shooting yesterday
[Music]
[Music]
okay so then the reporters are screaming
at him and they're yelling at him
this happens virtually every day okay
I've been to the White House several
times and every day the president comes
out and pours screen on him and he
doesn't answer their questions it's
actually pretty rare that the President
breaks off and does like an impromptu
press conference over this whole thing
he tweeted out what he thought about it
but this is being taken by Politico and
others as evidence that Trump doesn't
care if journalists get shot and then
Maggie Haberman who's reporting I
generally think is good she came out she
did sort of the same thing she tweeted
this out she tweeted out because the New
York Times reporter the near Times
reporter blaming Trump as Maggie
Haberman saying supporting local
journalism is important what happened
today is sickening this alleged gunman
appears to have had a long-standing
grudge against the paper and little else
is known so far but Trump is the only
president in memory to call the press
the enemy of the people well there's no
connection between Trump doing that and
the guy shooting up the newsroom that
this is the attempt to make a connection
two strains make a connection between
Trump's language and the shooting I
think his is foolhardy now again I don't
like Trump slang which was her card to
the press I've been very critical of
President Trump's language with regard
to the press when they report on fake
news I think that is perfectly who I
think is perfectly appropriate for him
to say that fake news is fake news when
it's fake news but his tendency to call
the press the enemy of the people I
don't like I never have liked it I've
always thought that it was a serious
problem but the attempt to paint that as
responsible for a shooting that he had
nothing to do with is really quite
amazing it really is and again it was it
was many members of the media doing this
routine yesterday for example the
editor-in-chief of Reuters tweeted
something out along these lines is the
tweet from from this is 17 so this is
the the statement that was put out by
Steve Adler who's editor-in-chief of
Reuters
regarding the Rob Cox tweet so the
breaking views editor Rob Cox actually
tweeted about the shooting in Annapolis
let's see the tweet first and then the
response from Reuters so you said this
is what happens when Donald Trump calls
journalists the enemy of the people
blood is on your hands mr. president
save your thoughts and prayers for your
empty soul at least four people killed
in Maryland newspaper shooting reports
okay so he's blaming President Trump for
all of this in the fact that the media
are eager to leap to this but for
example when President Obama was
incentivizing
it's in places like Ferguson in
Baltimore or when cops were shot in
Dallas the media rightly said that this
is not true this is not Obama's fault
it's not Obama's fault the cops got shot
in Dallas by a black lives matter ally
that's not Obama's fault so it's not
even black lives matters fault I think
but the media was in a real hurry to
defend President Obama over that but
they are in a real hurry to blame
President Trump for this particular
shooting so all of this is just
disgusting because if you're going to
blame somebody for actual violence
against somebody else you ought to have
some evidence that the violence is
connected to the thing that somebody
said as an journalist should be shot
somebody goes out reads that tweet says
great tweet now I'm negotiate
journalists okay that that is a fair
connection but to connect vague language
with regard to how much you dislike the
media and how you hate the media with
somebody going and shooting up members
of the media if we're gonna do that then
every shooting in the United States can
be tied to somebody else's First
Amendment protected rhetoric because
here's the reality incitements is not
protected under the First Amendment if I
say Mathis shoots Enya okay that is not
protected under the First Amendment if
Mathis goes and shoots Enya I actually
bear some criminal liability for
incitement okay but the same thing is
not true if I would say you know sending
is a really terrible producer and I rip
something bad should happen to send you
like that isn't that's actually First
Amendment protected make me a piece of
crap right it would make it be a bad
thing to say but it doesn't actually
mean that I'd be responsible for
something bad happening to send you by
the way nothing bad should happen to
sending us I mean is wonderful but all
of this said it really is it's it's
amazing to watch as the media
immediately mobilized to make a
narrative out of something that does not
meet the standards for that narrative
okay in just a second I want to talk
about how the left is again embracing a
certain level of violent rhetoric and
and violence that is really disturbing
there to talk about president Trump
being violent in his rhetoric and the
left it certainly does not have clean
hands on this I have a clip from Michael
Moore I want to show you in just a
second all about this but first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors
overexpress VPN so with all the recent
news about data hacks breaches it's hard
for me not to worry about my digital
privacy because the fact is that you
know I figure that people are always
trying to grab my data whether I'm at a
public Wi-Fi or whether I'm just online
generally every website you visit it's
pretty clear that every email you send
oh there are too many people who
couldn't have eyes on your stuff and
that's why you need a VPN and you really
should have expressed VPN expressvpn is
the world's leading VPN provider
and lets you securely use the internet
without being tracked by anyone which is
the way the Internet should be
expressvpn keeps my online activity
private in anonymous while I browse
email tail notice stream expressvpn is
great for streaming content as well you
can watch the World Cup without a cable
subscription which if that's your thing
it's pretty awesome expressvpn cost less
than seven bucks a month and runs
seamlessly in the background of your
computer phone or tablet it is super
easy to set up in the first place
they're easy to use the app encrypts all
my Internet's and it has my IP address
it protects my entire connection take
back your internet privacy today find
out how you can get three months for
free so go over to expressvpn dot-com
slash man I use Express VPN again it was
super easy to set up and it really is
terrific expressvpn comm slash been for
three months free with one year package
exp ress VPN comm slash been for three
months free with the one-year package
again via expressvpn comm slash been to
let them know that we sent you okay so
while the media have focused deeply in
on president Trump's rhetoric about the
press to suggest that he is responsible
for a whack-job who had vendetta against
a newspaper shooting up the newspaper
you've got people on the Left who are
mainstreaming mob action one of those
people is Michael Moore Michael Moore
has a new movie out called Fahrenheit 11
9 or it soon will be out Fahrenheit 11 9
of course this is a play on Fahrenheit
9/11 11 9 of course this time refers to
the fact that Donald Trump was elected
because this is an emergency for our
republic the clip that he showed from
his movie by the way is just awful now
I'm supposed to be on Bill Maher tonight
and I'm really disappointed because I'm
I can only be on Bill Maher for the
first 15 minutes of the show I would
love to be on Bill Maher show for the
