the New York Daily News fires half its
staff and every Democrat vows to help
Millennials virtue signal on issues that
don't matter and president Trump both
loves tariffs and also wants to somehow
fix the impact of the tariffs it's all
confusing i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
[Music]
president Trump's Twitter feed is a
cornucopia cornucopia veritable
cornucopia of joy and issues and uh
sometimes it appears that the president
is getting high off his own supply when
it comes to Twitter and we will go
through his Twitter feed which is just
lit as the children say these days but
first I want to get to how you can make
your resume better so let's be real
about this whatever job you're currently
holding tired break it's you employees
but in five years you will probably not
be holding that job and it's not because
I didn't get fired it's gonna be because
your resume is gonna get better and
you're gonna want a better job or you're
gonna want to raise or you gonna let's
start a side business well the best way
to do that is by heading over to skill
share and talking with my friends over
there skill share is an online learning
platform with over 20,000 classes in
business design technology and more you
can take classes in social media
marketing and illustration and data
science mobile photography creative
writing you name it they've got a course
on the top by an expert these courses
are like 45 minutes and they're really
fantastic top-notch stuff whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set or start that side hustle or explore
new passions Skillshare is for you I've
taken classes in social media marketing
and yes watercolours because some of us
have to relax in our off hours
that's what skills share can do for you
go check it out right now join the
millions of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for my listeners you get two months
of Skillshare for just 99 cents that's
right Skillshare is offering ben shapiro
show listeners two months of unlimited
access to over 20,000 classes for just
99 cents to sign up go to skill shared
comm slash Shapiro that skill shared
comm Shapiro to start those two months
right now Skillshare comm slash Shapiro
again 99 cents for those two months when
you get a subscription go check it out
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro
alright so every morning I wake up and I
prepare for the show and I have to
figure out what am I going to talk about
today and then president Trump does my
show prep for me because he goes on
Twitter and that's what happened this
morning when the president decided to
tweet about tariffs and here's what the
president tweeted and it is pretty
spectacular he tweeted tariffs are the
greatest exclamation point either a
country which has treated the United
States unfairly on trade negotiates a
fair deal and order gets hit with
tariffs it's as simple as that and
everybody's talking remember we are the
piggy bank scare quotes that's being
robbed all will be great capital G Wow
there's a lot there to unpack okay so we
could talk about the back
are not in fact the greatest the last
people who thought the tariffs were the
greatest were a couple of guys named
Smoot and Harley they were responsible
for a tariff regime that ended up
lengthening the Great Depression by
probably eight years so tariffs are not
in fact the greatest specifically
because they're artificially increasing
the price of products that you pay for
on the shelves and they are also
artificially increasing the part the
prices of inputs for American companies
they also draw a retaliatory tariffs so
that means that American companies can't
ship their products overseas to sell
them how do I know all this well it's
not Theory according to Bloomberg
harley-davidson has now cut his profit
margin forecast for this year because of
tariffs this is breaking today
harley-davidson has cut its forecast for
profit margin by an amount that suggests
it's finding a way to cope with the
damage done by President Donald Trump's
trade war operating margin this year
will drop to about nine point five
percent that's a midpoint of a range the
Milwaukee based manufacturer gave in a
statement on Tuesday citing the expected
impacts of tariffs they had been
projecting a margin of roughly 10
percent so this is a little bit lower
than their normal margins and they're
also moving some of their factories to
Europe also whirlpool has now announced
that they are lowering their estimates
for this year the maker of home
appliance has said rising raw material
costs hurt results in three out of four
of its regional markets in the second
quarter including North America Asia and
it's struggling Europe Middle East and
Africa division the only region where it
didn't cite input cost inflation was in
Latin America which faced its own
problems in the second quarter according
to Bloomberg including a Brazilian
trucker strikes according to chief
executive officer mark Robert Bitzer he
said our annual steel contracts and
hedging contracts with our base metals
give us some protection but do not
insulate us from these more material
trends so in other words all of those
manufacturing jobs that President Trump
wants to protect are actually being hurt
by the tariffs that he loves and thinks
are the greatest technically by the way
Muhammad Ali is the greatest I mean we
all know that but according to president
trump tariffs are in fact the greatest
also I do love that everybody is talking
I didn't realize that that was a school
of economics now the everybody's talking
school of economics and I was also under
the impression that everybody was
talking about the bird because of course
the bird is the word
but the fact that the President of the
United States continues to tweet out
about the stuff suggests that he doesn't
actually know what he's talking about we
are not a piggy bank being robbed again
for the 1,000th time when I make a trade
with you
you are not robbing me robbing me
involves you using force or deception in
order to take products or services or
money from me without my knowledge or
without my consent that is not what
happens in a trade if I have a trade
deficit with you that's because I gave
you money and you gave me a product I
have a trade deficit with lots of people
over all I do okay ask fiscally that's
true of the United States as well but I
have a trade deficit with my dry
cleaners I have a trade deficit with our
nanny I have a trade deficit with our
gardener I have a trade deficit with the
with the local restaurants around here a
pretty massive trade deficit with the
local restaurants around here that
doesn't mean the solution is for me to
stop shopping at those restaurants or
stores at the grocery and instead
artificially increase costs now how do
we know that this is actually having an
impact I know there are a lot of people
right now are shaking their heads no if
Trump says tariffs are great it's
because tariffs are great because he's
making tariffs great again or somesuch
if this were the case then why exactly
is the president now announcing that he
is going to be providing aid to farmers
so according to Politico today the Trump
administration is planning to ease fears
of a trade war by announcing later on
Tuesday billions of dollars in aid to
farmers hurt by tariffs according to two
sources familiar with the plan the
administration's plan will use two
commodities support programs in the farm
bill as well as the agricultural
department's broad authority to
stabilize the agricultural economy
during times of turmoil the plan has
been in the works for months it seeks to
ensure US farmers and ranchers a key
constituency for President Trump and
Republicans don't bear the brunt of an
escalating trade fight with China the
European Union and other major economies
as the administration pursues an
aggressive course to rebalance America's
trade relationships Trump's move to slap
tariffs on imports from some of
America's largest trading partners have
prompted retaliation against US farm
goods like pork beef soybeans sorghum
and a range of fruits so it's happening
is that President Trump decided he
wanted to tariffs cars for example and
these countries that we are now
terrifying have decided they're going to
tariffs America and extra cultural
exports which means that our farmers
don't have any place to ship their goods
which are now withering on the vine so
now President Trump is going to borrow
from the future in order to pay off
those farmers this is exactly what FDR
did this is exactly FDR's policy FDR's
policy from 1933 all the way until the
war began in 1941 was this policy the
policy was that we are going to leverage
tariffs against people who are screwing
us in trade wars we're gonna
those trade Wars and then we were going
to somehow make up for all the farmers
who were losing money by artificially
boosting prices now if the are ones how
virus to actually regulate farmers and
force farmers to actually burn off their
excess grain and supply in order to
boost prices so he provided them with
all sorts of subsidies and then he also
regulated up them up the wazoo see
didn't have an oversupply of grain this
led to a very famous case at the Supreme
Court called Wickard V filburn when a
guy was growing grain for his own
consumption and the federal government
said you have to burn off the grain for
your own consumption because you're
artificially lowering the price of grain
you're creating too much grain it's
lowering the price in the global market
because you are eating that grain
instead of buying it from somebody else
and the Supreme Court idiotically under
pressure from FDR found that the federal
government could actually regulate your
ability to grow grain in your own
backyard for your own use somehow this
impact in interstate commerce Trump's
policy here is FDR policy and this is
one of the problems with the areas where
the president has sole control the
Constitution of the United States does
not delegate tariff power to the
President of the United States it
delegates tariff power to the
legislature now originally the
legislature delegated tariff power the
President of the United States because
they wanted the presidency they wanted
the executive branch to lower tariffs
and they figured that it would be easier
to have a president who could
unilaterally lower tariffs than it would
be to have a legislature that has a
lower tariffs by Fiat by legislation
well the problem is once you give a lot
of power to the executive the executive
can use it however he wants so the
presidents of the United States can
simply play with the tariff rights this
is what FDR did in the 1930s it was a
disaster area and Donald Trump is doing
it now none of this is particularly good
policy and and the president should
reverse this as fast as possible larry
cudlow somewhere is spinning in his
grave wait he's still alive right okay
larry cudlow somewhere is spinning in
his office but all the people in the in
the administration who are pro
free-trade are looking at tweets like
this and thinking why would the
president undercut his own strong
economy with this sort of foolishness
and you can't you can't hope that the
economy holds out forever when you are
taking measures that are designed to
tamp down the economy tariffs are not in
fact great and the president is going to
find that out the hard way if he
continues along this path now the all of
this has some impact on the generic
congressional ballot right now it looks
like the Democrats do have the momentum
again in the congressional races the
president's approval ratings as I
discussed yesterday
continue to be very high
but the congressional races are starting
to open up in favor of Democrats at
least on the generic ballot and part of
that is because the president is
unpopular if as I said yesterday the
Democrats are going to climb back into
this thing if the if the Republicans are
going to climb back into this thing it's
going to be a reliant on the Democrats
overstepping their boundaries
fortunately there is a good shot of that
the the I think solid critiques that
could be leveraged against policies of
the Trump administration of gone by the
wayside in favor of completely unhinged
insane sort of critiques so kirsten
gillibrand leads the way she suggests
that it's time for the Democratic Party
to abolish ice if she wants to ensure
that the Democrats never win back
Congress is a pretty solid way to do it
right here I think we should get rid of
ice we should separate out to missions
and do the anti-terrorism mission the
national security mission and then on
the other side make sure you're doing
looking at immigration as a humanitarian
issue these are civil issues these are
families look at as the economic engine
that it is that immigration is our
strength
it is our diversity is what makes this
country and our economy so strong okay
so she wants to abolish ice that's
obviously going to be a very unpopular
point of view but she's nothing compared
to Andrew Cuomo so Andrew Cuomo wants to
run for president of the United States
which would be amazing he'd be the first
inanimate object ever to be presidents
of the United States Andrew Cuomo that'd
be like an actual incredible thing I
used to think that Chris Cuomo was the
dummer of the Cuomo brothers and it
turns out that Andrew is actually the
dummer of the Cuomo brothers and also
the least charming which is pretty
amazing I mean like I really didn't
think that was possible
yesterday Andrew Cuomo was speaking and
he said that President Trump had
declared a jihad he'd put a jihad on you
he declared a jihad on the on immigrants
to the United States yeah this kind of
language is definitely gonna win
Democrats a lot of friends and
supporters what they've done at the
border is an example of it what they've
done in Puerto Rico and they are on a
jihad to deport as many people as they
can who they believe are not in the
United States legally okay so they are
on a jihad first of all I would just
like to point out that if a Republican
ever said that any politician was on a
jihad against anything people would
immediately call them an Islamophobe
right you're only allowed to use the
word jihad when you are specifically
referring
to an internal struggle because that's
what it means according to Quran okay so
guys get that right and then Andrew but
Andrew Cuomo says the Trump is on a
jihad against immigrants yeah that's
that's the way you're gonna win over all
those people in the middle of the
country who are attempting to cope with
falling wages in particular industries
if you really think that any of that is
going to win back the the base of Trump
support to the Democratic side of the
aisle you have to be crazy in the second
I want to talk about the elitism that is
evident in some of these particular
comments which is translated over to the
reaction to the the New York Daily News
I'm going to talk about that in just one
second first let's talk about your suits
okay so the fact is that the suit you
are wearing right now you look like your
schlump okay I know you're at the office
and you think you look like you don't
you look like a schlump the reason I
know you look like there slump is
because you got that suit off the rack
didn't you you went down to the local
suit warehouse and then you picked up
the front of the thing you thought was
gonna fit you and now it looks like
you're wearing a burlap sack with a
couple of buttons on it okay what you
really need is a custom-made suit like a
suit that is made made to order from
enzo Chino Indo chinos the world's
largest maids amesh mejor menswear
company they've been featured in major
publications including GQ Forbes and
Fast Company they make suits and shirts
made to your exact measurements for a
fantastic fit guys love the wide
selections of high-quality fabrics you
can personalize all the details
including Europe you lapel lining
monogrammed you can either visit a
showroom or you can shop online at endo
Chino comm you pick your fabric you
choose your customizations you submit
your measurements and then you just wait
for your custom suit to arrive in just a
few weeks I've been to their showroom
over here in Beverly Hills and it really
is awesome you feel like James Bond
walking in there they let you pick the
fabric they fit you out they let you
pick all the various accoutrements that
have to do with the suit it's pretty
awesome
and right now my listeners can get any
premium Indo Chino suit for just 379
bucks at ENSO chinos calm when you enter
promo code Shapiro's at checkout that's
50% off the regular price for a made to
measure premium suit shipping is indeed
free Indo Chino kaam promo code
Shapiro's for any premium suit just 379
bucks and free shipping it's an
incredible deal for a suit that's gonna
fit you better than anything off the
rack ever could to stop looking as
though you're wearing a sack cloth go
get a suit that fits you and look snazzy
into Chino kaam promo code Shapiro and
you get that special deal ok so what I
guess when you look at president Trump's
trade policy and then you look at the
Democrats response to President Trump on
immigration there's a bigger message
that comes out from it as much as I
dislike president Trump's trade policy
and I do I think it's garbage
I think the president Trump doesn't
understand basic economics when it comes
to trade I think has a bizarre version
of how trade deficits actually work I
think this is likely to be harmful to
his account to the economy that he is
president during I don't like using the
phrase his economy cuz I don't think the
president runs the economy but the
economy over which he presides I think
it's going to hurt him to pursue this
policy with that said if you have to
contrast president Trump's apparent like
for sort of the manufacturing base and
the people in the middle of the country
what the Democrats dislike for those
people there's a reason that President
Trump won Wisconsin and Michigan and
Pennsylvania and Ohio going away there's
a reason that he did that and the reason
that he that is a feeling of sympathy
for these workers now I think the tariff
policy he's pursuing hurts a lot of
those workers and I think the president
ought to understand that I think he's
gonna lose votes in these states with
his tariff policy but it's pretty clear
that the president's heart is with a lot
of those people even if the policy he's
pursuing doesn't actually end with with
benefit to those particular folks the
same is not true of a lot of the folks
in our media how do I know this because
take a look at the reaction to the to
the failing New York Daily News okay so
the New York Daily News is having some
serious problems the presidents of the
United States always likes to say the
failing New York Times this the failing
