Syrian dictator Bashar Assad uses
chemical weapons again London talks
about banning knives yes really and the
Atlantic bans conservatives I'm Ben
Shapiro and this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so welcome back here we are in our
beautiful Studios once again and I could
not be more pleased to be home except
for how I wish our on vacation still but
since I am NOT we will have to do a show
so I have a lot to talk about today
obviously the possibility of war in the
Middle East is heating up in pretty
dramatic fashion after Bashar Assad used
chemical weapons on his own citizens but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so the stock
market has been up and down and up and
down and up and down and up and down I
mean it's been extraordinarily volatile
over the past several weeks this is one
of the reasons why it makes sense to
have some of your money in precious
metals I'm not saying take all your
money out of the stock market and put it
in precious metals I don't have a lot of
my money in the stock market but I do
have a certain percentage of my earnings
in precious metals and the reason for
that is because I don't want the
government manipulated in currency and I
want to hedge against that and also the
stock market is quite volatile right now
and that means that if you want to hedge
against the problems of volatility Gold
is not a bad way to do that well with
all of that uncertainty that means that
you should trust my friends over at
Birch gold group if you do decide to
invest in precious metals they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients counts countless five-star
reviews and an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact Birch gold group
right now and request a free information
kit on physical precious metals this
comprehensive 16 page kit shows how gold
and silver can protect your savings and
how you can if you seek to do so legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds and into precious metals IRA to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit go to
www.hsn
that's birchgold.com slash pen they're
good people they're trustworthy people
ask all of your questions make sure that
you have all your answers and then talk
to my friends over at Birch gold that's
birchgold.com / Ben get that free
information kit and that also lets them
know that we sent you okay so obviously
the big news over the weekend and the
big news today is the situation in Syria
so over the last few days the dictator
of Syria used chemical weapons against
his own citizens once again and the
footage broke on TV now as you recall
the last time there was a public use of
chemical weapons and the news broke on
TV president Trump lobbed a couple of
missiles into Syria it is something like
50 missiles were lobbed into Syria and
in a particular airbase was hit well
it's unclear what exactly the United
States is going to do as of yet but all
the action has been taken it's been
taken by Israel so Israel went in and
and knocked out a Syrian Air Base and
took down some of their Syrian air
defenses and I'll give you all that
information in just a second for those
who don't know what Syrian chemical
weapons attacks look like they are just
horrendous and horrific the footage
looked something like this so you can
see these children are you know being
treated they're being washed off with
water because they've all been doused
with chemical weapons a lot of these a
lot of these folks are have died of
suffocation some of the 100 people died
of suffocation and the I mean these are
children these are small children so
obviously we see images like this it's
absolutely horrific Israel lashed out
yesterday so here's the story from The
Associated Press Russia and the Syrian
military have blamed Israel for a
pre-dawn missile attack Monday on a
Syrian Air Base that reportedly killed
14 people including through iranian x'
while international condemnation grew
over a suspected poison gas attack over
the weekend that was said to be carried
out by the Syrian government opposition
activists said 40 people died in the
chemical attack blaming President Bashar
Assad's forces the UN Security Council
plans to hold an emergency meeting
Monday to discuss the chemical attack
well whoop-dee-do with the UN Security
Council Russia sits on the UN Security
Council Russia is the great sponsors
state of the Syrian regime so nothing is
going to happen in the UN Security
Council we should put all of our money
from that awful institution if you want
know how terrible the UN is understand
that Syria is about to sit on the
committee for the regulation of chemical
and biological weapons no that is not a
joke that is a real actual thing so
before you start thinking that the UN is
gonna step in and solve anything at all
recognize that the UN is a gigantic joke
and that is why it's up to sovereign
states to do something about these sort
of atrocities the timing of the strike
on the airbase in the central homs
province hours after President Trump
said there would be a big price to pay
for the chemical weapons attack raised
questions about whether Israel is acting
alone or as a proxy for the United
States Israel typically does not comment
on its airstrikes in Syria
it was the second such attack this year
on the air base the air base is known as
t4 and it's where Iranian fighters are
believed to be stationed according to
Russia's Defense Ministry two Israeli
aircraft targeted the t4 Air Base firing
eight missiles it said Syria shot down
five of them the other three landed in
the West
part of the base syrian state TV quoted
an unnamed military official saying that
israeli f-15 were planes fired several
missiles at t4 and it gave no further
details and of course israel's foreign
ministry said nothing since 2012
israel has struck inside syria more than
100 times mostly targeting suspected
weapons convoys destined for the
Lebanese militant group Hezbollah which
has been fighting along Syrian
governmental forces so this looks like
this could be the prelude to larger
action John McCain and one of the people
Senator McCain has been pushing for a
larger action in Syria for a long time
he's wanted to topple the Syrian regime
for years and years and he suggested
that we armed Syrian rebels one of the
problems with that at the time as he
wasn't clear who the Syrian rebels
actually were were they all kind gentle
nice people were some of them associated
with terrorist groups the way that some
of the people we armed in Libya were
that was unclear at the time it led to a
lot of Republican pushback here's what
Senator McCain had to say he said
President Trump last week signal to the
world that the United States would
prematurely withdraw from Syria we never
chance to talk about this last week but
Trump did say he wanted to withdraw from
Syria and immediately within days Bashar
Assad was using chemical weapons on his
own citizens that's why President
Trump's rhetoric actually matters and to
pretend otherwise is foolish McCain
continues Bashar Assad and his Russian
and Iranian backers have heard him and
emboldened by American inaction Assad
has reportedly launched another chemical
attack against innocent men women and
children this time in Duma initial
accounts show dozens of innocent
civilians including children have been
targeted by this vicious bombardment
designed to burn and choke the human
body and leave victims writhing in
unspeakable pain crimes against humanity
who become Assad's trademarks in his
relentless campaign against the people
of Syria that has killed more than half
a million people enforced 11 million
people from their homes according to
John McCain president Trump was quick to
call out Assad today along with the
Russian and Iranian government's on
Twitter the question now is whether he
will do anything about it the president
responded decisively when Assad used
chemical weapons last year he should do
so again and demonstrate that Assad will
pay a price for his war crimes to be
sure president Trump inherited bad
options after years of in actions by his
predecessor in Syria history will render
a bitter judgment on America for that
failure but no one should believe that
we are out of options we can and should
change course starting with a
comprehensive strategy that lays out
clear objectives for our mission there
well that is the big question is what
are the objectives going to be for the
mission there because a foreign policy
isolationist people like Ann Coulter or
Rand Paul they would say we have no
interest in Syria whatsoever so terrible
things are
happening there awful humanitarian
crisis but humanitarian crises are
happening all over the world that is not
the job of the United States to stop
every humanitarian crisis it all depends
on the sort of blood and treasure
America will have to expend in order to
stop those humanitarian crises well
that's obviously true we have to
calculate each individual situation on
its own but the situation on Syria has
fundamentally changed in the several
years since President Obama allowed
Bashar Assad to get away with his
chemical weapons attack here's what
President Trump tweeted after all of the
after the chemical weapons attack he
tweeted quote many dead including women
and children and mindless chemical
attack in Syria area of atrocity is in
lockdown and encircled by Syrian army
making it completely inaccessible to
outside world
President Putin Russia and Iran are
responsible for backing animal Assad so
he's now have gotten a nickname for
Assad which is entirely appropriate in
this case big price and continued big
price to pay open area immediately for
medical help and verification another
humanitarian disaster for no reason
whatsoever sick ok all of that is true
the question becomes okay what is going
to happen next well Trump's national
security adviser while his security
advisors rather Tombaugh surd's he was
on national TV on Sunday and he said
listen all the options are on the table
here one of those issues on which every
nation all peoples have all agreed and
have agreed since World War two is an
unacceptable practice so well they there
will be another missile attack yeah I
wouldn't take anything off the table
these are horrible photos we're looking
into the attack at this point the State
Department put out a statement last
night and the president senior national
security cabinet had been talking with
him and with each other all throughout
the evening and this morning and myself
included so one of the things that's
amazing about all of this is that people
on the Left are already critical of
Trump Trump inherited an awful situation
here Tommy Vietor who is just a dolt he
used to drive a van for Obama then
suddenly ended up as a National Security
Council or for President Obama after
driving a van and now I guess that he is
and now I guess that he is doing pod
save America type stuff well he tweeted
out that President Trump inherited a bad
situation
well Tommy who did he inherit that from
weren't you there I mean all you were
there at the time now there were those
of us who opposed President Obama's
quote-unquote pinpricks strike in Syria
the reason being that if you send a
missile into Syria and then you do
nothing else you actually embolden the
Iranians and you emboldened the Syrians
and you
in the Russians nobody expected that
President Obama was going to give away
the store to the Russians if recall back
to 2013 Bashar Assad used chemical
weapons Barack Obama then drew a red
line in the sand here is President Obama
back then drawing the red line we have
been very clear to the Assad regime but
also to other players on the ground that
a red line for us is we start seeing a
whole bunch of chemical weapons moving
around or being utilized that would
change my calculus that would change my
equation okay so he made that statement
actually in August of 2012 then of
course Bashar Assad immediately used
chemical weapons like within a couple of
months and then Barack Obama did
something really unexpected first he
said maybe I'll maybe I'll throw a
missile in there but you know what I
need congressional approval now that was
obviously a lie because he didn't have
congressional approval for his Libya
action he just went ahead and did it but
he he said I'll throw it to Congress and
that went nowhere and then he said you
know what I'll let the Russians take
over the Russians can come in and they
will disarm this year in so Barack Obama
and Susan Rice both came out Susan Rice
then the national security adviser she
came out and she said don't worry
Syria's chemical weapons have been
removed they're gone Syria has no more
chemical weapons ready the Obama was
triumphalist about this he said
everything is better there will be no
more chemical chemical weapons attacks
everything is under control here is
Barack Obama and Susan Rice this is back
in 2013 we've done these last eight
years without firing a shot we've
eliminated Syria's declared chemical
weapons program all of these steps have
helped to keep us safe and helped to
keep our troops safe
[Music]
those are the result of diplomacy we
don't have strong efforts there the more
you will be called upon to clean up
after the failure of diplomacy we were
able to find a solution that actually
removed the chemical weapons that were
known from Syria in a way that the use
of force would never have accomplished
okay and Tommy meters have the same
thing well you know we got rid of a lot
of the chemical weapons right except for
the ones that he's using on the
civilians and has continued to use on
the civilians so well done Susan Rice is
amazing all these people who came into
the Obama administration proclaiming
that it was a new day for American
foreign policy and they're gonna act in
the humanitarian interest of the people
of Syria and then proceeded to allow
that entire country to descend into
utter and absolute chaos now there's a
civil war going on and that wasn't
Barack Obama's fault it was Barack
Obama's fault that he decided to hand
over all of these security concerns to
the Russians the Russians obviously had
nefarious purposes they're all they care
about is propping up Bashar Assad and
all of this raises the question which is
okay what should the United States do
now and that is a serious and open
question you know it is amazing again
how badly the Obama administration blew
it this is not on President Trump but
now Trump is the president so that
raises a question as to where we go from
here in a second I'm going to answer
that question for you
or at least give you maybe some some
concerns that I have about full-scale
military intervention as well as some
possibilities on what we can do in Syria
right now first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at stamps.com so these
days you can get practically everything
on demand but you still think you have
to go to the post office to get your
stamps well you no longer have to go to
your post office to get the stamps
instead you go to stamps calm with
stamps calm you can access all of the
amazing services of the post office
right from your desk 24/7 when it's
convenient for you buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package using your own computer and
printer the mail carrier just picks it
up just click print mail you're not you
can print it right on to the envelope
you can print it right onto a sticker
you can print it right onto a piece of
paper and then tape it to an envelope we
use stamps calm here at the Daily wire
offices all the time because we don't
have time to run down to the post office
it saves us time it saves us money and
it will save you time and money as well
right now we have a special offer for
all of our listeners if you use a promo
code
Shapiro's you get fifty five bucks up to
fifty five bucks of free postage plus a
digital scale and a four week trial so
all you do is go to stamps calm and
before you do anything else before
even check out the website click on the
radio microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in Shapiro and that
can see that's your promo code stamps
comm use that promo code Shapiro and
again you get up to fifty five dollars
free postage a digital scale and a
four-week trial so pretty spectacular
deal once you've tried it you'll love it
and you'll continue using it I promise
stamps calm and use that promo code
Shapiro when you click on that radio
microphone at the top of the page again
that radio microphone click ship hero
type in Shapiro get that special deal
and let them know that we sent you okay
so what exactly should we do from here
right that is the big question in all of
this and one of the things that has
changed you there are a lot of people
like me who back during the Obama
administration said this a direct quote
in 2013 lobbing missiles into Syria
without decapitating the regime
strengthens both both Assad and the
mullahs in other words whatever you do
has to have real impact you can't do
what Obama wanted to do and take a
half-assed action and then hope that
everything is gonna be better that
doesn't work you can't hover a hand over
power to the Russian government whose
only interest is in continued
propagation of the domination of Bashar
Assad and the continued domination of
the Iranian regime across the Middle
East and things have changed radically
since 2013 it because of a couple of
deals that the Obama administration cut
remember the situation in 2012-2013 was
a lot simpler Russia was not running
Syria at that point in Iran was still
under American sanction well because of
Barack Obama Iran now has a lot of money
to play with and they have expanded
their terrorism outreach all across the
Middle East suddenly there's a swath of
territory all the way from Iran to
Lebanon that is dominated by Iran that's
dominated by ur and that includes Syria
this is why Israel was the one that
actually struck out yesterday at this at
the targets in Syria they've been
striking out at targets in Syria as I
say over a hundred times they struck at
targets in Syria since 2012 because
Syria is being used as a thoroughfare
for the world's worst weapons being put
in the hands of terrorists people like
Hamas people like Hezbollah yea glean a
MOS is a general retired general in the
Israeli Army's the executive director of
Tel Aviv University's Institute for
national security studies and is a
really interesting tweet thread about
what happened last night when Israel
apparently struck t4 which is in a
Syrian air base he said the reported
strike last night in T for Syria is part
of the two colliding vectors Iranian
determination to entrench itself in
Syria and Israeli resolve to prevent it
this was the first reported air strike
since
since February 10th incidents the
