Hilary Clinton says you are complicit in
murder if you disagree with her on gun
control policy Jimmy Kimmel is back for
more and it appears the Secretary of
State called the President of the United
States in effing at some point in
the recent past yes all of these things
are really happening I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show the
inevitable decline into stupid continues
and we will cover all of it the the
Rexel arson thing is pretty amazing I
mean he actually there's a report from
NBC News that suggested that he'd called
the president a back during the
summer and instead of him just sort of
brushing it off he decided to do a
full-fledged press conference so we have
a clip of that and we'll show it to you
a little bit later because it's pretty
amazing plus Jimmy Kimmel just couldn't
leave well enough alone he decided to go
back on the air last night and and
double down on the you're mean and cruel
if you disagree with me on gun control
so we'll go through all of that but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so lately I
have not been getting a lot of sleep why
well the last couple of nights it's
because I'm on the road guess what I'm
not sleeping on when I'm on the road my
helix sleep mattress helix sleep is the
best mattress there is in the world like
a helix sleep comm slash Ben you take
there to sit there simple two to three
minutes sleep quiz when they they'll do
a custom mattress that will be the best
thing you have ever slept on for couples
they can even personalize each side of
the mattress everybody from GQ to Cosmo
to the New York Times they're all saying
that helix is fantastic because it is in
it's a no risk proposition so you go on
you fill out their algorithm they send
you the the mattress in the mail you
unwrap the box and it inflates right in
front of you because it's foam and then
you sleep on it it's great you try it
for a hundred nights if you don't like
it they'll come they'll pick it up
they'll refund you the money so no risk
helix sleep calm slash Ben right now you
got 50 bucks toward your custom mattress
that's again helix sleep comm / Ben 50
bucks toward your custom mattress and
that is helix that is helix sleep calm /
Ben for 50 bucks off your order okay so
a lot going on in the world we begin
today with more fallout from Las Vegas
so president Trump yesterday he did sort
of what he likes to do when he's asked a
question that he doesn't know the answer
to which is he says I'll think about it
so yesterday the media asked him about
gun control and here was Trump's answer
we have a tragedy
and what happened in Las Vegas is in
many ways a miracle the police
department has done such an incredible
job and we'll be talking about gun laws
as time goes by okay so the very end of
it is what people are focused on the
left is focusing on where he said that
what happened in Vegas was a miracle of
course he's only talking about the law
enforcement response he's not talking
about the shooting itself people taking
him out of context here are ridiculous
clearly he's not talking about Americans
being murdered being miracle but it's
that last part he says we'll talk about
gun control as time goes by that has a
lot of people on the left very hopeful
now is Trump actually gonna pursue that
no he's not gonna person with any of
that
that's Trump's go-to when he doesn't
know what to say or he just wants to say
something to to leave the media with
something to think about but the reality
is that Republicans are not pushing gun
control right now because no gun control
measure that I can think of or that
anyone on the Left can think of would
have stopped what just happened in Las
Vegas why because it was unprecedented
because it was unthinkable and because
the guy bought all of his guns legally
or at least the ones he used legally
apparently and because he passed all
federal background checks had no
symptoms of mental illness from what we
know that's what makes this whole thing
so mind-boggling this this whole this
whole deal so one of the things the
left's been doing is I discussed
yesterday at length with Jimmy Kimmel is
they have been jumping on their high
horse and suggesting that if you
disagree with them about gun policy it's
because you're bad now in order to do
that very often what the Left likes to
do is trot out people who have been
victims of gun violence people who are
shot and they say well these people know
better than anyone as you know I'm not a
fan of this procedure this technique I
don't think that you being shot makes
you an expert on gun policy any more
than I think you being sick makes you an
expert on health policy or you paying
taxes makes you an expert on tax policy
right you actually have to study issues
in order to have expertise on them but
one of the things I find really
fascinating is that if you are a gunshot
victim and you disagree with the left
they just pretend you don't exist so
Steve Scalise he's probably the most
famous gunshot victim in the country at
this point Steve Scalise of course the
Louisiana Congress person who was shot
by a crazed Bernie Sanders supporter in
the Congressional baseball shooting just
a few months back and Steve Scalise was
asked specifically about Las Vegas and
the Second Amendment and here was his
answer inevitably questions about
the Second Amendment are raised by what
happened in Las Vegas it happens almost
immediately have you your experience of
your own and what you saw in Las Vegas
has it changed how you feel about any of
that
I think it's fortified it because first
of all you've got to recognize that you
know when there is a when there's a
tragedy like this the first thing we
should be thinking about is praying for
the people who were injured and doing
whatever we can help them to help law
enforcement we shouldn't first be
thinking of promoting our political
agenda okay but he's not allowed to say
that Steve Scalise doesn't exist watch
as he disappears from the media even
though again he's the most famous
gunshot victim in the country right now
why because he still has principles and
he has good reason for this okay if
there hadn't been armed guards there at
the Congressional baseball shooting he'd
probably be dead now the fact is that it
was arms that stopped that that monster
that bad human being and its arms that
stopped the guy in Las Vegas is the
police don't approach the room the guy
doesn't shoot himself he just continues
firing down into the crowd again the
evidence that gun control would solve
any of the problems he saw in Las Vegas
is really weak or non-existent Leila
Brasco she's a statistician and former
writer at 5:38 and she has a Washington
Post column today that I think is really
worthwhile talking about how before she
started researching gun deaths gun
control policy used to frustrate her and
she used to be anti NRA and used to
think that shrinking magazine sizes and
all of this would actually help with gun
deaths and mass shootings and then she
did the research and she found that that
isn't true here's what she wrote quote
my colleagues and I had 538 spent three
months analyzing all 33,000 lives ended
by guns each year in the United States I
wound up frustrated in a whole new way
we looked at what interventions might
have saved those people and the case for
the policies had lobbied for crumbled
when I examined the evidence the best
ideas left standing were narrowly
tailored interventions to protect
subtypes of potential victims not broad
attempts to limit the lethality of guns
and then she talks about Australia she
says that Britain Australia didn't prove
much what America's policy should be
said neither nation experienced drops in
mass shootings or other gun related
crime that could be attributed to their
buybacks and bans she says as I said
yesterday mass shootings were too rare
in Australia for their absence after the
by that program to be clear evidence of
progress and she goes through all of the
all of the gun measures that have been
suggested and she points out that the
the next largest set of gun deaths after
suicide number one is suicides is all
stuff I said yesterday number one cause
of gun death in the United States and
suicide number two our young men aged 15
to 34 killed in homicide very often in
gang violence but the left never wants
to talk about that because that would
suggest different policies including
jailing people from gangs who commit
violent acts for longer periods of time
in order to tamp down crime I mean it's
really funny but what the same left that
says we need to let people out of jail
and saying we should put gun owners in
jail so the people actually commit
crimes of guns we should let out the
people who just own a gun we should
throw in this seems to be the logic of
some people on the left and that's a bit
of an exaggeration but not much of one
right the idea is that if you buy a type
of gun the left doesn't like you should
go to jail if you are in jail we have an
over population in prison problem we
have a we have a school to we have a
streets to jail pipeline it's just
foolish okay so we should release all
those people but we should put out wha
biting people who want to buy a gun that
you don't want them to have in jail none
of this makes sense none of it is
effective but again none of this has to
do with policy for the West the left
thinks that it's gonna win on emotional
lines because very often it does right
on health care policy the left does win
along emotional lines on gun control it
doesn't the reason is too many Americans
own guns too many people are familiar
with how guns work there are hundreds of
millions of guns in the United States of
America and the implication that
everyone who is somehow a gun owner is
part of this evil it's just absurd to
people that's not stopping Democrats oh
so Hillary Clinton yesterday she came
out and she said Republicans are
complicit in Vegas do you feel like
they're complicit the GOP the NRA and
the gun epidemic we're seeing in America
they are of course they are you know the
Brady Bill actually kept two million
guns out of the hands of people who
weren't supposed to have them if we had
gone forward with the background check
capacity that we should have had and
that it was up to date my gosh we
computerized everything and we can't
computerize that Dylan roof was never
supposed to get that gun that he used to
kill people at mother Emanuel Church in
Charleston because he had a pre
existing arrests that should have
disqualified him but the system you know
is deliberately kept all creaky and slow
this is beyond absurd this is evil this
is nothing but pure unadulterated greed
motivated by people who want to sell as
many guns as they can to engage in a
falsity of fear and rhetoric about why
everybody has to have guns okay what
absolute nonsense what absolute nonsense
so everybody who wants to be able to buy
guns legally these are the people who
are the problem and people are
deliberately keeping the system leaky
because here's the background I'm Dylan
roof just so you have the factual
background according to the New York
Times despite having previously admitted
to drug possession Dylan roof was
allowed to buy a 45 caliber handgun
because of mistakes by FBI agents a
failure by local prosecutors to respond
to a bureau request for more information
about his case and a weakness in federal
gun laws so what happened apparently the
authorities and ability to prevent Ruth
from obtaining the weapon highlighted
the continuing background check system
problem which was intended to keep guns
out of the hands of criminals despite
new procedures and billions of dollars
the federal authorities still do not
have a seamless way of examining
Americans criminal histories that
eliminates human error okay do you think
that Republicans don't want to eliminate
human error Democrats weren't in charge
of the government for a huge percentage
of the time right Barack Obama was
president when all of this happened he
could help facilitate this it's his FBI
rabbit somehow this is Republicans fault
right they're evil they're evil they
want people to shoot people so they can
sell more guns if you really believe
that you don't know any gun owners and
you don't know any Republicans the
Democrats though are starting to really
I think reveal and what they think about
gun owners and what they think about
guns which is refreshing I mean I like
when there's a little bit of honesty in
this process and in just a minute I'm
going to show you what Democrats have
been saying about what sorts of guns
they want to what sorts of guns they
were on a ban it's pretty amazing but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blue apron so blue
apron is the number one fresh ingredient
recipe delivery service in the country
their goal is to make home cooking
accessible to everyone
now they cooking together builds
stronger family bonds make sure that you
eat healthier and in many cases it's
less expensive and then going to a
restaurant
because right now you can spend under
ten bucks per person for its delicious
meals here's some of the meals that they
are now serving okay the pretty sounds
pretty great cheesy chicken black bean
enchiladas and salsa verde a maple gravy
smothered pork chops I haven't had pork
I've heard it's good stewed collard
greens and sweet potatoes spiced
cauliflower and pepper with jasmine rice
and cilantro yogurt sauce I mean this is
gourmet kind of stuff and you can cook
it yourself when they send you the fresh
ingredients again for less than $10 per
person per meal they deliver these
seasonal recipes and you get a you can
choose from a variety of new recipes
every single week or it can let their
keulen area team surprise you they don't
repeat a recipe within a year so you
will never get bored so that's pretty
awesome each meal comes with a
step-by-step easy to follow a recipe
card pre-portion ingredients it can be
prepared in 40 minutes or less or less
so go and check it out right now
and when you do when you go to blue
apron comm slash Shapiro you got 30
bucks off your first meal with free
shipping $30 off your first meal with
free shipping by going to blue apron
comm slash Shapiro you will love how
good it feels and taste to create these
amazing home-cooked meals a lot of folks
in the office are subscribers to blue
apron for a reason blue apron comm slash
Shapiro it is indeed a better way to
cook use that slash up hero so that they
know that we sent you and also so you
get the $30 off your first meal with
free shipping okay so there's Hillary
Clinton doing the moral posturing and
the moral posturing is designed to
undergird a program of gun seizures how
could this have been prevented is there
a law congressman Hobbs ultimately said
yes he'd before a ban on semi-automatic
rifles like the ar-15 how about you
absolutely I mean let's just be clear
that the pace of these epic mass
shootings 10 or more people being killed
doubled after the assault weapons ban
expired that's not a coincidence I think
we also have to look at these
aftermarket modifications that allows
you fairly to turn an automatic weapon
turn a semi-automatic weapon into an
automatic weapon but will ya also don't
think we can be caught in this trap
I think the gun lobby wants you in the
wake of one of these mass shootings to
only talk about the policy changes that
would have affected the shooting that
happened the day before we have to get
back to the Evergreen changes things
like universal background checks that
frankly probably would have stopped
many of the other murders around the
country that happened on Sunday before
the shooting started in Las Vegas okay
so number one so again that is not true
many of the guns that are used in crime
I believe the majority of guns that are
used in crime are not obtained legally
the idea that in in mass shootings the
people are not going through federal
background checks is not true this
should go through a federal background
check I believe that I believe that the
shooter in the pulse nightclub shooting
went through a federal background check
so the idea that all of these these
measures would have stopped any of this
is not true but notice what he glosses
over there and that is that he says he
supports a ban on semi-automatic rifles
ok understand that's pretty much every
rifle in the country pretty much every
rifle in the country is a semi-automatic
rifle because again a semi-automatic
just means you pull the trigger ones and
one round is fired that's all a
semi-automatic means AR people think it
stands for assault right assault rifle
of course it does not okay ar-15 is one
of most popular supporting rifles in the
country you ban that you're talking
about either having to confiscate
literally tens of millions of these guns
from from law-abiding Americans or
preventing them from buying those guns
on the on the market right now with
federally licensed firearms dealers and
background checks in the whole deal
Democrats are starting to come out of
the closet as to what they want here and
Americans aren't gonna like it it's so
funny the Democrats after a mass
shooting me always think ooh now the
tide of public opinion is with us the
tide of public opinion is with the idea
that we're all together in this and we
hate mass shooters and we want them to
die and they're evil people we're all on
that but we're not all together on the
policies that you prescribe because the
policies you prescribe are very much
contra traditional American concepts
about freedom and liberty and gun
ownership it's not just Chris Murphy who
who's tried to make hay off of this you
also have people excuse me like Senator
Ed Markey from Massachusetts arguing
that that the founders didn't want
people to be able to purchase guns when
the Second Amendment was written and in
order to maintain a well-regulated
militia they did not have in mind
that people could purchase guns
indiscriminately go up into the top of
buildings and rain down this this
okay that's not true obviously that days
hundreds other people again the founders
so the founders did believe that you
should be able to own weapons that you
could use in the militia right that
meant a military grade weapon we're not
even talking about people owning
military grade weapons as I said
yesterday the difference between a
civilian AR and military IAR is
extraordinarily significant right a
civilian AR is a semi-automatic a fully
militarized AR right an m16 or m4 now
these guns are have the capacity for
burst fire or fully automatic since
there is a big difference but again all
this really is is the left attempting to
use emotion in place of of real policy
so you know kid Jimmy Kimmel was back
last night and Jimmy Kimmel is not
backing down off of his I am holier than
you are I care more about people who
died therefore you must agree with me
here's what he had to say last night to
critics like me who said that his gun
monologue last night was factually
incorrect I'm not gonna get deep into it
again tonight I said what I had to say
