all righty did George HW Bush sexually
harass actresses and wise Mark Halperin
in the news and also why was the left
actually cheering in abortion yesterday
not just saying it was okay cheering it
openly plus we're gonna talk about the
divisions inside the Republican Party
our Steve Bannon and Donald Trump really
in charge of the Republican Party now
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show so many interesting things to talk
about today it's not often that we get a
news cycle as interesting as this one
and we'll talk about all of them but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so if you
have not yet heard the market may be
over inflated you should always
diversify and have at least a little bit
of your assets in precious metals
because it provides a good solid base
from which to work that doesn't mean
every dollar should be in gold but it
doesn't mean that some of your money
should be in precious metals as a hedge
against inflation in the stock market
inflation in the monetary supply as a
hedge against inflation in the real
estate market and that's why I trust the
folks over at Birch gold group Birch
gold group has a long-standing track
record of continued success with
thousands of satisfied clients countless
five-star reviews an A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau contact them
right now to receive a free information
kit on physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16 page kit showing how
you can also move your money out of a
401k or IRA into a precious metals 401k
or IRA you can go and check it out at
birchgold.com slash Ben birchgold.com
slash Ben ask all your questions make
sure that you know what you're doing and
then when you're ready to to get those
questions answered and and invest a
little bit in precious metals talk to my
friends over at birchgold.com slash Ben
slash Ben's so they know that we sent
you okay so we begin today with this
story that has been making the rounds on
Twitter and in the news that George HW
Bush supposedly sexually harassed some
actresses so let me give you the
information then I will and then I'll
explain my my perspective on this so
basically this week there's an actress
named Heather Lynch whose most famously
on turn where she played Abigail and she
accused former President George HW Bush
of sexual harassment in 2014 when Bush
was 91 and already in a wheelchair Bush
apologized through his spokesman on
Wednesday morning saying that President
Bush would never intentionally caused
anyone distress and he sincerely
apologizes if his attempt at humor
offended miss Lynn and then they
released another statement and here's
the statement that they released ok
quote an agent
three President Bush has been confined
to a wheelchair for roughly five years
so his arm falls on the lower waist of
people with whom he takes pictures to
try to put people at ease the president
routinely tells the same joke and on
occasion he has patted women's rears and
what he intended to be a good-natured
manner some obscene and his innocent
others clearly viewed as inappropriate
to anyone he has offended President Bush
apologizes most sincerely so dead spin
of course doing the hard yeoman Lee work
of reporting found out that the dirty
joke that Lindh referred to in her
statement went something like this
apparently a tipster past word about the
heather Lynn incident to Deadspin we
were told that Bush had during a photo
op groped her and told her that his
favorite magician was David Copperfield
while fondling her which I mean okay hey
that's that's really is that him in any
case so here that there was another
actress who came out and she said that
he's done the same thing where's this
actress named Jordana grolnick and she
was working at a main production of
Hunchback of Notre Dom when Bush
attended and she said we all circled
around him and Barbara for a photo I was
right next to him he reached his right
hand around to my behind and as we
smelled for the photo he asked the group
do you want to know who my favorite
magician is and as I felt my his hands
iggins my flesh she said David coppaFeel
okay so they're the reason I'm smiling
is because this is all ridiculous okay
so they because it's ridiculous in one
sense and not ridiculous in the other I
mean just the image of a 93 year old
president shouting David Copperfield as
you grab someone is a little bit
humorous in any case there there are a
couple things about this that I think
are worthy of note one is President HW
Bush is is George HW Bush now in the
throes of dementia so he has Parkinson's
disease there are there are associations
between Parkinson's disease and dementia
over the past eight years or so I've
heard from people he has been slipping a
little bit has President HW Bush and so
if you go to an age old old age home
people act inappropriately all the time
now there's two type of old people who
act inappropriately some who are
actually suffering from dementia and
some who just feel like screw it F it to
life I'm old I can do it I want if this
is the latter then I'm not gonna make
excuses for this behavior because here's
the reality if my wife were groped on
the behind while some old guy shouted
David Copperfield I would not be a happy
camper
and I assume neither would she now this
idea that it's okay because Bush is
older because he was a war hero I don't
buy that if it's okay it's only okay
because he was you know
in the throes of dementia right if you
want to say that he's not responsible
for his actions then that's something I
buy but this idea that it's not some
form of sexual harassment for him to do
that I don't buy if he is doing this out
of his own free will and volition and
there's no mental attitude and I will
give you the case in point bringing back
our old campaign shoe right I use to
have a shoe on the desk or put it on the
other foot if this were Bill Clinton I
think Bill Clinton grabbed a woman's
butt and shout at David Copperfield
everyone on the right would go nuts and
say right because this is Bill Clinton
so there people will say right because
Bill Clinton has a record of this HW
doesn't that's true
but that's why I suggest that maybe we
ought to hold off until there's more
information on exactly what hwn ttle
state is but people who are making light
of this I don't think that it's
something that ought to be completely
made light of or dismissed out of hand
and people are saying that Heather Lin
should be ashamed for even saying
anything about it I just don't again I'm
really more torn on this than I think a
lot of other people are on the right
okay and maybe that's an unpopular point
of view but frankly I don't really care
I think it's inappropriate for guys to
grab girls behind and shout cop-a-feel
whether they're 23 or 93 if they're can
in control of their actions and just
because you've done some good things in
your life doesn't mean everything
becomes good there's one of my chief
complaints about how people gauge human
beings I'll say he's a good man and then
by saying he's a good man they mean
everything that he does forever we have
to see is good good people do bad things
good people do stupid things right
overall the judgment can be the person's
good and the person can Dill's do still
do some dumb things or still do some
some bad things in any case this is case
in point of sexual harassment number one
from today's from today's news
case in point number two is one that the
left will immediately say is not sexual
harassment in any way and that's because
the person at issue is Ellen DeGeneres
and Ellen DeGeneres is a famous in well
beloved Hollywood lesbian so the reason
that that is relevant her sexuality is
because Ellen DeGeneres tweeted this out
yesterday this is a tweet of her on Katy
Perry's birthday and it's a picture of
Ellen DeGeneres staring directly into
Katy Perry's cleavage from about 6
inches away as her partner Portia de
Rossi laughs next to her I think is
Portia de Rossi correct I'm pretty sure
and and then Katy Perry is kind of
smiling into the camera slightly
awkwardly and it says happy birthday
Katy Perry it's time to bring out the
big balloons right a direct reference to
her breasts now let me just suggest if
any man tweeted out this exact photo
this exact photo
if Ellen's head or Harvey Weinstein's
head we would be talking about this was
more evidence of sexual harassment in
Hollywood Ellen DeGeneres is a very very
powerful host and the fact that Katy
Perry seems to be smiling here is not
the issue right I mean there are plenty
of pictures where Harvey Weinstein is
posing with smiling women who he
sexually harassed or sexually assaulted
the fact is that there's a double
standard with how we treat these
situations and as I have been now saying
for weeks we need some sort of singular
standard as to what constitutes
appropriate behavior and what does not
Ellen DeGeneres is a lesbian which means
that this is you know hurt acting upon
objects of her sexual desire if a man
did the same thing we would be saying
this is totally inappropriate how dare
he and it doesn't matter the Katy Perry
smiling it just shows how toxic
masculinity has infused everyone the
whole point here is the double standard
and double standard applies everywhere
Mark Halperin it just was essentially
fired from NBC News
he said he resigned her took time off to
spend more time with his with his
genitals but in any case Mark Halperin
the accusations are that he allegedly
sexually assaulted up to five women
sexually harassed her assaulted up to
five women that he would push them up
against the wall groped them press his
genitals against them
this is Mark Halperin the guy Road Game
Change very famous reporter he's on the
NBC News every day has has talked about
sexual assault in the most in the most
indignant of terms sexual assault is his
horrible sexual harassment is horrible
and then meanwhile in the back room he's
grabbing he's grabbing the interns
apparently this goes to show you also
the the not only do we have a double
standard with regard to people we like
with double standard with regard to
ourselves the stuff that we do we human
beings have unique capacity to do this
we can engage in many of the sins that
we condemn other people for and the mark
of a good human being is that you think
enough about this to think whether in
fact you are upholding the standard that
you seek to promulgate that you're
upholding the standard that you seek to
push if you're not doing that then we
all need to do better and I think we can
all do better on on these scores but the
reason I'm pointing out these three
different scenarios the HW the ellen
degeneres and the mark halperin
situations is because these double
standards have been in place for a very
long time and we need to decide as a
society what sort of behavior we are
willing to accept
I think the behavior should be this men
do not touch women without their
permission that's the behavior right
we're done here and it's not the same
thing if a man asks
to a bar it's not the same thing if a
man says that a girl is beautiful today
it's not the same thing if a man says
that she that he likes a girl's dress
okay a woman's dress not the same thing
at all we need to make some actual
separations here but instead what I feel
like this is devolved into is now we're
just as usual conversations in America
has evolved into who's the victim today
and then we all come out and say it's
terrible that person was victimized and
then we said no standard by which we can
determine whether someone is victim or
not until they proclaim themselves a
victim at which point we say that our
victim right so if we had found out the
HW Bush Heather Lin thing just through a
third party source not through Heather
Lind
then we would have had to decide in
societies there's something okay or not
she declared that she was offended
therefore it was bad if she had declared
that she was not offended then it would
have been fine hey action is not
subjective when it comes to societal
standards it's not subjective you don't
get to decide whether an activity is
good or bad for me right I as a member
of society determine whether it's an
activity is good or bad and I'm getting
kind of tired of this routine where
something is not harassment so long as
I'm not offended but it is harassment if
I am offended we're gonna need to draw
some lines if we actually want to
enforce those lines I want to talk a
little bit about a little bit about
another story that's that's pretty
devastating out of the state of Texas
yesterday and then I want to get into
what I really want to talk about today
at length which is the split inside the
Republican Party but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at da
Vinci so in today's digital world there
are a lot of people who don't even have
offices office buildings and so they've
been doing meetings at coffee shops or
expensive hotel conference room so you
don't have to do that anymore da Vinci
is a fantastic service
I know because we've used it in
Sacramento we used it when I traveled to
when I traveled to New York I believe
the Utah sorry I travel so much and we
use da Vinci all the time da Vinci is
great because da Vinci basically allows
you to book a conference room and there
will be an assistant there to help you
and they'll bring you water and coffee
it's it's just like having an office
building anytime you want it at very
inexpensive prices they provide you
instant access to over 5,000 incredibly
affordable meeting rooms and well-known
office locations in virtually every city
and they make it really easy you search
you book you meet and again it comes
fully staffed equipped with all the
latest tech plus high speed internet and
it's super affordable we're not talking
about $500 rooms we're talking about
things and we got one in Sacramento for
like
forty bucks or something and we were
able to do the show from there this is
right before my vacation we were able to
show from there there was an assistant
there who is bringing me water during
the show so I didn't deciding go dry you
know that The Da Vinci is just fantastic
whether you need a day office or a
conference from a boardroom or a
training space they have what you need
to make it your next business meeting a
success fortune 500 companies daily wire
we's da Vinci book your space now it's a
Vinci meeting.com slash been da Vinci
meeting.com slash pen and your first
hour is on them that's da Vinci
meeting.com slash been your first hour
is free terms and conditions do apply
for details see da Vinci meeting.com
slash been hold your next meeting in the
best possible place without spending a
ton of money to Vinci meeting.com slash
pennies that slash pen so your first
hours free and that they know and that
we sent you okay so in others in other
news that was making a splash yesterday
the the Court of Appeals in the District
of Columbia the the DC Court of Appeals
ruled that a seventeen-year-old illegal
immigrant could abort her baby in the
United States without going through the
the hoops that Texas law requires so
here is the story the seventeen year old
girl jumped the border while she was
pregnant and then decided to obtain an
abortion under Texas law minors have to
receive parental consent or judicial
waiver for an abortion and Texas bans
abortion after week 20 so the clock was
sort of ticking here she wanted to get
an abortion before week 20 so that it
would be legal even though you know she
jumped the border illegally and while
the young woman ended up receiving a
judicial waiver she then had to schedule
a sonogram and consult and a
consultation with a doctor which is also
under Texas law they say you have to
actually look at what the baby is before
you kill the baby so that you are not
abiding by the mythology that this is
just a cluster of cells I mean this is
what a 16 week old baby looks like okay
when we talked about she aborted a 16
week old baby yes yesterday this is what
a 16 week old baby looks like do we have
that graphic yeah this is what I mean
it's a human right I mean I've seen em
the ultrasounds of my own children at
this age to pretend this is anything
other than a human baby is just to be
scientifically illiterate and also block
yourself from basic fact in any case she
was she was kept in the detention center
so she couldn't go to her appointment so
she sued and the government contended
that she had options for leaving federal
custody right she could just go home
right the Coogee they could deport her
they could send her back to her home
country or she could find a sponsor you
know she could find somebody who's
willing to take her in that would then
be her legal guardian the legal guardian
would give permission and then she'd be
good to go but the idea that Texas law
would have to change because she's an
illegal immigrant that something Texas
wasn't willing to do so the DC Court of
Appeals instead ruled that this woman
had a right to an abortion the woman
immediately headed off to an abortion
clinic before it could be appealed and
she went and had the baby killed she
said people I don't even know are trying
to make me change my mind I made my
decision and that is between me and God
again abortion is not just a matter
between you and God it's a matter as to
which society has a say just as if you
were to murder a baby after birth we all
have a say in that that's not between
you and God that's between you the
babies society and God right we all have
a say in this one the part of this
that's really horrifying is not just you
know a girl having an abortion at
sixteen weeks which is inherently
horrifying from any view that places the
sanctity of human life at the center
it's horrifying the way that some people
are left responded so the ACLU tweeted
this out they tweeted breaking justice
prevailed today for Jane Doe she was
able to get an abortion early this
morning hashtag justice for Jane
yay dead baby justice for Jane this is
one movement that I've seen on the left
that really is quite horrifying
this idea that abortion is not something
to be ashamed of or to be morally
conflicted about it's something to
celebrate that her obtaining an abortion
is a victory for justice in the United
States certainly not justice for the
baby okay a baby at 16 weeks is about
the size of an avocado it's four and a
half inches long head to rump about
three and a half ounces the legs are
developed the head is more erect they
started growing toenails the heart is
pumping about 25 quarts of blood every
day okay baby has an independent blood
type has an independent DNA and you saw
the picture I mean the baby's baby but
the left celebrates nonetheless treating
the u.s. as an abortion Haven should be
something of which we are deeply ashamed
and the idea that you come to the United
States and therefore you have a right to
an abortion and even if you're here
illegally is is pretty astonishing to me
