all righty Democrats gain in the generic
ballot amid talk of socialism the
government comes after religious
Americans again and the media
demonstrate how they drive Americans to
the right we are live in Dallas I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
well let's get into it self lot to get
to here today a lot of gets it allowed
to get to tonight you know President
Trump is trolling the left again we'll
get to that we also get to Andrew Cuomo
who's an idiot first first first I'd
like to remind yellow this is Texas come
on everybody loves their second
Amendment rights and if you are a gun if
you are a gun lover then you need to
enter to win your brand-new gun from the
USC CA if not what are your waiting for
you're about to miss the deadline the
gun today giveaway ends very soon you
could get up to 17 chances to win your
gun daily but only if you act right now
to be 17 Kimber 17 Glock 17 cigs or even
17 a ar-15s head over to defend your
family now calm reveal which gun you
could be taking home today but hurry the
free guns aren't going to last for long
today's gun disappears at midnight
tonight the US CCI wants to get more
guns into the hands of responsibly armed
Americans like you because the left will
try to take away your gun rights the
u.s. ECA will fight back they are here
to help train and protect the protector
so don't put it off don't miss your
chance because you could win a new gun
every single day just go to defend your
family now calm to enter right now again
you only have until midnight tonight to
win today's gun go to defend your family
now calm that is defend your family now
calm USC CA does wonderful work
educating people who want to carry guns
legally and in law-abiding fashion
making the country a safer place go
check them out right now and defend your
family now calm again that is defend
your family now calm okay so the
Democrats have decided on their program
for the next election cycle and the
program for the next election cycle goes
something like this
socialism plus race talk plus getting up
in our grill that is the basic idea of
the Democratic platform comet 2018 and
come 2020 and right now and president
Trump I think actually has this
relatively well pag in his own in his
own peculiar fashion the president
tweeted out this today it's pretty
spectacular the president we had happy
birthday to the leader of the Democrat
Party
Maxine Waters and I will admit the
President of the United States is a
master troll I mean he is just fantastic
controlling folks clearly he is ready to
troll Maxine Waters but what he says has
a ring of truth to it the Democratic
Party is no longer the party of even
Chuck Schumer the Democratic Party is
now the party of people like Maxine
Waters and the party of people like
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez in the party of
Bernie Sanders and the key to this whole
philosophy the key to the whole left
philosophy is that America is not that
wonderful America is not that great so
Andrew Cuomo the governor of New York
who's in a running gun battle with his
brother Chris Chris for stupidest Cuomo
in America I will get two prints a
little bit later on Andrew Cuomo did a
speech I believe his last night it was
released today in which he suggested
that he has a certain perspective on
America here is what Andrew Cuomo the
block of wood that runs New York had to
say about the United States we're not
going to make America great again it was
over that great
we have not reached greatness we will
reach greatness when every American is
fully engaged we will reach greatness
when discrimination and stereotyping
against women 51% of our population is
gone and every woman's full potential is
realized and unleashed and every woman
is making her full contribution when
that happens this nation is going to be
taken even that is one of the stupidest
things I have ever heard and we are all
stupider for having heard it
so even Andrew Cuomo was was bright
enough to realize that this was not a
smart thing to say so his office
clarified they released a statement
after he said this and here was their
statement Governor Cuomo disagrees with
the president the governor believes
America is great and that her full
greatness will be fully realized when
every man woman and child has full
equality America has not yet reached its
maximum potential so in other words what
he meant when he said America was not
great and has never been great is that
America is great but is not great enough
which I know about you guys that's what
I heard
right that's what I when I first heard
that I was like of course he means
America is great now the truth is that
the reason that he has to say this is
because he's running against Cynthia
Nixon this is not a minority viewpoints
in the Democratic Party it's a growing
viewpoints inside the Democratic Party
that America is a bad place now in order
for you to come up with the idea that
America is a bad place you have to be
comparing America to something that
doesn't exist
and when when you listen to what Cuomo
says right there he basically makes that
clear what he says is we have to live in
a country where 51% of the population is
is treated with utter respect and there
is no crime and everything is wonderful
and everybody loves each other and
unicorns poop rainbows and everything is
just as utopian as it could possibly be
well if that is your vision of what
America has to be in order for you to
say that America is great or was great
then America will never be great because
that's something you can never reach
it's very easy to say that something if
you're comparing your wife to a model
who's not even a real person who ages
right at some sort of virtual model
then your wife is never going to be that
okay if you're comparing America to
something that is never going to exist
it's very easy to say America was never
great now of course America was great of
course America is great it is the
greatest force for bringing people all
around the world and poverty in history
America
more than anything is great not because
it is financially powerful or militarily
powerful although I think you can argue
that there are hundreds of millions of
people around the world not living in
poverty and not living under tyranny who
would thank us for being that powerful
the reason that America really is great
is because we are founded on the
greatest idea in the history of humanity
when it comes to government and that is
the idea of god-given rights protected
by limited government right that's what
makes America fantastic correct it's the
liberty and freedom that America
represents that the left hates though
right that's the part that they don't
actually like and what Chris Cuomo is
doing here is he's trying to head off at
the past Cynthia Nixon so Cynthia Nixon
you don't remember from being the least
likable member of the Sex in the City
crew which is saying a lot and she is
running against him and she is a
full-fledged hardcore socialist she was
at Netroots a couple of weeks ago and
she said listen if they're gonna call us
all socialists we may as well be
socialists and Cuomo needs to cut her
off at the pass Rachel probably went
thirty percent of the primary vote
against Chris Paul against Andrew Cuomo
and therefore he needs to move to the
left to cut her off
what's happening is a reached a Reese
entering of the Democratic Party there's
a lot of talk in the last couple of
weeks if you've watched any of the
election analysis about how this whole
socialist upswing it's being exaggerated
inside the Democratic Party Nate Silver
tweeted out that eighty-nine percent of
all the candidates won primaries are
mainstream Democrats not socialists but
that's not really the question the
question is our mainstream Democrats now
embracing the tenets of socialism in
order to prevent socialists from
drinking their milk shake and that's
what's happening with Cuomo Cuomo is
moving to the left specifically in order
to prevent Cynthia Nixon and people like
Cynthia Nixon from drinking his
milkshake and you can see this growing
inside the Democratic Party there's a
Gallup poll that came out in the last
couple of days and it showed that a
majority of Democrats no longer hold a
positive view of capitalism nearly 60%
of Democrats feel good about socialism
now you know holds a positive view of
capitalism
who does not hold a positive view of
capitalism but feels really good about
socialism somebody who spent their
entire life living under capitalism and
no time living under socialism now in a
second we're going to talk about what
the Left says about socialism and why
it's actually not only incorrect it is
factually it's just a lie well what they
say about socialism what they believe
socialism is is what socialism is not
when you hear folks on the left say
Norway is a socialist country Norway is
not a socialist country Norway is a
capitalist country with some socialist
welfare state policies the economy of
Norway is run as a capitalist density
even the state-owned enterprises are run
in profit-seeking fashion
okay the basis of the democratic
socialists of America it's in their
platform is that profit is to be issued
you're not supposed to have profit
profits bad
so even Norway says that's not correct
but the Democrats have sort of shifted
the definition of socialism to make it
warm and fuzzy and Nordic when in
reality that's not actually what's
happening at all so the pollster
Democrats are moving in the direction of
socialism and what you see when you
actually dig down into this is the
Democrats don't even know what socialism
is they don't even know what they were
talking about perfect example of this is
the Vermont Democratic gubernatorial
candidates who Christine Hellqvist who
happens to be a transgender woman which
means that he is a biological man who
believes that he's a woman and Christine
Alquist
was on CNN talking about his program for
Vermont I used his again the reason I
say this is because I use pronouns based
on biology not based on what you think
you are
Christina Hal Quest is being quizzed by
CNN about his perspective on the the
economy and here is what Christine Hal
quest has to say it's pretty amazing
more Democrats viewed socialism
favorably than capitalism but when faced
with a choice between the two it does
sound like you look more favorably again
labels you have an issue with on the
ideas behind socialism well and yes and
I I'm not sure I even know what
socialism is so so so I just don't have
the background to answer that question I
don't know what socialism is but I am
one
I mean there are some other things that
this person thinks they are but they
don't understand the definition of if
you can't describe socialism then you
are not a socialist I think that is fair
to say and if you are living in Vermont
it's easy to get away with this sort of
thing because you are living in Vermont
it is not quite as easy to get away with
this sort of thing when you are living
in Cuba or Venezuela which are
significantly more socialist in terms of
issuing the profit motive the
nationalizing all resources then is then
is Vermont but this is indicative of the
left embrace of the language of the hard
left
without actually embracing anything
remotely resembling the actual concepts
that they say they are embracing right
it's a lie that is being told and of
course the chief purveyor of this lie
that the the new ideological thought
leader of the Democratic Party
shockingly enough is of course Bernie
Sanders so Bernie Sanders has become the
font of wisdom in the Democratic Party
which is a pretty incredible rise from a
guy who was kicked out of a comm unit
work back in the 1970s when you imagine
a guy who who had to run as an
independent because the Democrats didn't
even want him on their team really and
now he is the leader of the Democratic
Party it shows how radical the Democrats
had become I'm gonna show you some tape
of our good friend Bernie Sanders in
just a second but first let's talk about
your sleeve quality so you're not
getting enough sleep we all know it
you're not getting enough sleep and that
is why you need to try out
helix-loop-helix sleep has built a sleep
quiz indeed it takes two minutes to
complete that sleep quiz and they use
the answers to match your body type and
sleep preferences to that perfect
mattress whether you are a side sleeper
hot sleeper whether you like a plush or
firm bed with helix there is no more
guessing or confusion all you have to do
is go to helix sleep comm slash Ben you
take that two minutes sleep quiz and
they will match you to a mattress that
will give you the best sleep of your
life for couples helix could even split
that mattress down the middle providing
individual support needs and feel
preferences for each side they even have
a 10 year warranty and you get to try it
out for a hundred nights risk-free so
what are you waiting for go on your
phone right now and go get a helix sleep
mattress right now he had 125 bucks off
right we love our discounts right now
hilux is offering up to 125 dollars off
all mattress orders again that's 125
bucks off at helix sleep comm / Ben that
is helix sleep comm / Ben for 125 bucks
off it's a great mattress
everybody loves helix sleep come on so
go check it out right now
okay so Bernie Sanders is the
ideological thought leader of the
Democratic Party he is the wise man upon
the mountain who sits there conveying
his genius to the rest of the American
public and he was yeah he he's stupid I
mean but Bernie Santa is I run out of
accolades for Bernie Sanders he was on
CBS this morning discussing why America
is fundamentally immoral and wrong and
this links up with the Andrew Cuomo
perspective that America is inherently
bad what MIT what would make America
better is if America were no longer
America if America were to embrace all
of these other programs and policies
that America has historically not
embraced because we believe in
individual liberty over collective
redistribution that's the basic idea so
Bernie Sanders is on with CBS this
morning and he explains why America is
fundamentally immoral it's fundamentally
immoral and it is fundamentally wrong
and I would like my pudding cup please
before I kill over my blood sugar is
simply too low I cannot handle this any
longer please play the clip I think that
there is growing resentment not only
among young people who in many cases are
gonna have a lower standard of living
than their parents I think that there is
an understanding or something
fundamentally immoral and wrong that a
nation which we have three people own
more wealth than the bottom half of the
American people that does not make sense
one of the things that you have to love
about Bernie Sanders is that his take on
economics is so disconnected from the
reality of economics the only thing I
can think to analogize it to is the use
of his hands - what he's saying right
there they're completely disconnected
and you just say he's sitting there and
he's talking to you and you don't know
what he is doing with his hands but it
just seems like at the end he's going to
be doing the Macarena no one understands
why no one understands why but what's
really great about Bernie is what Bernie
does is he says there are problems in
life and these problems are bad problems
and that means socialism
say so okay there are three rich people
and a lot of poor people unless you can
show me that the rich people stole from
the poor people I don't know what Bernie
Sanders his problem is Bernie I don't
begrudge Bernie Sanders his lake house
other than I paid for it because I'm a
taxpayer but if he'd actually worked in
private industry and bought a lake house
then I certainly don't begrudge him his
lake house Bernie Sanders his entire
priority is pointing out inequalities
that are endemic to the human condition
every society has inequality the
question is not the inequality the
question is how are poor people in the
United States living and the answer is
poor people in the United States live
better than poor people at any time in
any place in human history and it's not
particularly close and that is not to
say that's not to say that we can't have
community programs that are designed to
help poor people it doesn't mean that
there isn't endemic corruption to the
American government the benefits some at
the expense of others what it does mean
is that for him to sit there and suggest
that income inequality is indicative of
America being immoral is to ignore all
of human history as well as any context
and that's a serious problem for Bernie
Sanders in this entire perspective now
the good news for Bernie Sanders if the
media will never ask him about any of
this and I want to show you the evidence
of this so CBS is bianna golodryga she
was interviewing Bernie and they reached
the end of the interview and he's gone
through you know 15 minutes of interview
and when they reached the end of the
interview she finally says she's about
to ask him how he's going to pay for any
of this and then shockingly they run out
of time I just it's unbelievable they
just run out it's amazing watch of
course the response from many as we like
the idea is how do we pay for them this
conversation of course will continue but
we've run out of time senator oh what a
pity
oh now it's funny how the conversation
always runs out of time at just that
point in the conversation right
Alexandre Ocasio cortes listen when I
offered to either debate her or have her
on the show I wasn't doing so
I wasn't doing so because I am just in
love with the idea of spending time with
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez I'm doing so
because I would like for someone to
actually ask her a series of questions
about how she intends to pay for things
because what happens is she goes on left
shows and the media and they say things
like well how are you gonna pay for then
she says well the Republicans never pay
for anything it's like well that's kind
of true but how are you going to pay for
I don't know the quadrupling of federal
spending that you are now proposing and
then they run out of time and it's
highly highly irritating but that's the
good news for Democrats all they have to
do is go out and complain about how the
world is and then they can pose
solutions that have no relation to
reality by the way this is a terrible
recipe for life just for every
individual in the audience leading a
successful life is about recognizing the
realities of the world and then dealing
with those realities as they are the
people of the hardest time in life
whether it's in relationships or whether
it is in economics those people are
people who refuse to recognize the
realities on the ground instead they
rebel against the realities it shouldn't
