I just can't view American women as is
subordinate I think it's a complicated
mix of for men and women of benefits and
burdens I don't think women are
oppressed as women well here we are on
this week's Sunday special with
christina hoff sommers you know her from
the femme splinters and also she is the
factual feminist she's over at American
Enterprise Institute we are gonna get
into all manners various and sundry but
first let's talk about the end of your
life you're going to die and that means
that you need life insurance life
insurance is really important it's also
really confusing no wonder four out of
ten people don't have it maybe you're
one of those people but if anything were
to happen to you if you were to plotz
it's important that your loved ones are
taken care of besides
life insurance rates are the lowest that
they've been in 20 years and the best
time to buy is right now the best place
to buy is policy genius.com
policy genius is the easy way to compare
life insurance online in just five
minutes you can compare quotes from the
top insurers to find that best policy
for you and when you compare quotes you
save money it is indeed that simple
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance placed over
twenty billion dollars in coverage they
don't just make life insurance ease they
also do disability insurance and
renter's insurance health insurance all
sorts of insurance if you care about it
they can cover it so if you've been
putting off getting life insurance
there's no reason to do so any longer
because you put it off too long you're
gonna be dead then this can be too late
go to policy genius com get your quotes
apply in minutes it is that easy do it
right now and you should that rates are
their lowest in 20 years policy
genius.com
the easy way to compare and buy life
insurance again policy genius calm well
christina hoff sommers thanks so much
for stopping by really appreciate it oh
i'm so happy to be here it uses me with
happiness cuz you're a happy person so
let's talk a little bit about your
background so for folks who don't know
christina hoff sommers she's the
feminist that feminists loved hate
because you actually say factual things
about males and females and sex
differences and and the hot topics today
we'll get to all those hot topics but
first let's talk about how you got where
you are politically because you weren't
always conservative in fact in some
areas you still don't consider yourself
a conservative so how did you go from
being kind of just an academic professor
to being one of the most well-known foes
of the of the modern feminist movement
well I first of all I was brought up in
LA not far from here I went to
university high school and I guess in
Brentwood and
I was very left-wing and especially in
high school I read the Communist
Manifesto and it all made sense it seems
so right of course to each according to
his need from each according to his
ability it was just kindness and so I
was quite carried away with that for a
while and then I don't know in college I
ever met I remain not a Marxist but just
my default mode was always liberal my
parents very very liberal bordering on
Communists but then in 1988 I was a
professor a college professor and I was
invited to go on semester at sea it's a
ship that goes around the world and it's
a university at sea and so somehow I got
on this thing and I was teaching and I
guess I was I'd been teaching maybe for
10 years or something but I had never
sat in my fellow professor's courses
before and so this ship was about 500
undergrads mostly conservatives as far
as I could tell from USC SMU pretty
wealthy you know mom and dad could
afford to send jr. on a trip around the
world and the professor's were socialist
to Marxist
and so I started to bicker with them and
in this course we had called core and I
suddenly and then suddenly at the end of
the trip this older professor was very
left-wing warned me you better be
careful you're gonna end up being just
like Jean Kirkpatrick and I didn't know
she was I looked her up and thought I
think I like her maybe I am and she was
at AEI and I ended up at AEI but anyway
it was kind of accidental I think if I
hadn't got on that ship I might not have
known what was going on in other
people's courses okay so what happened
to academia so even that can even for a
long time have you seen active changes
in the way that academia has operated
since the 80s or do you think that it's
been pretty consistent it's just more
well known because of social media now
in terms of the sort of radical leftist
dominance even in in some of the hard
sciences in terms of shutting down
debate and an investigation into
knowledge it's gotten worse and worse
and here's why it used to be the
universities always you know stret tends
to be liberal however a lot there's a
lot of radicals that came out of the 70s
late 60s 70s for various reasons went
into the universities it was the one
institution that you could take your
radical politics and find a home there
and they did they were more radical than
the liberal professors who hired them
the liberal professors who hired them
might have believed in intellectual
diversity so maybe they would have
allowed some conservatives and moderates
and had some radicals the radicals
didn't think the same way so as the
older scholars retired and the young
radicals gained a foothold in in many
departments I mean certainly women's
studies they were always there and the
various you know ethnic studies but even
in political science departments history
to her certainly English departments
there they would start hiring their own
and and a limit you know just not invite
anyone else to come to the campus so you
had certain departments become
like-minded people like-minded thinkers
and they did not present the other side
respectfully and they didn't want to
have candidates come in if you came in
and appeared to be conservative or even
moderate you wouldn't get hired so it's
so the professor's have become more
radical and I also think if you look at
the schools of Ed people don't think
about schools of Ed what's the
curriculum there it's it's very
left-wing
and so we have a lot of teachers who are
trained in liberal left orthodoxy going
into our junior high schools and high
schools so so you have had a
transformation of the educational system
so you call yourself a factual feminist
how do you define feminism because
obviously a lot of feminists would
accuse you of not being a feminist
because you don't agree the sort of
prevailing left-wing trends inside
feminism so what do you think true
feminism is and then how is it being
abused the trans determine expanded
abused by some of the folks on the left
well I think a true feminist is an
equity feminist and that's just someone
who believes he wants for women what she
wants her ever
I mean dignity equality opportunity
liberty and equity feminism has been a
great American success story I mean if
you look at the progress women have made
and just open you know doors have opened
and women wherever women wanted to go
they've gone they were there now more
women than men in college and in certain
disciplines in psychology veterinary
medicine these used to be overwhelmingly
male and now women are taking over in
many of the social sciences where women
want to go they they went there they've
achieved parity with men are approaching
parity in law school and medical school
so there's been enormous change to which
and I credit equity feminism just
equality feminism where you just don't
have arbitrary barriers against women
but there's another school of feminism
entirely that is not part of this kind
of classical liberal tradition of
greater opportunities for people this is
what I have called gender feminism
because they believe in what they call
the sex gender system and that women are
not merely held back by old-fashioned
laws or customs it's not enough to
change the society the entire system
must be taken down that you know and and
so it's a much more radical approach and
they they think of American women as an
oppressed class of people and and when
and so after I was on that ship and I
had there was some radical feminists
there too I wrote a piece about what I
experienced on that ship called
professor at sea and I sent it to the
Atlantic and the editor Rupe and I'd
written about the feminist sonship who
were very colorful and extreme and you
know we were seeing the whole world and
and we've come into ports and the the
students could go and see some of the
glories of civilization the Alhambra you
know they could go to Seville and they
would take them to wedding stores to see
how the wedding industry oppressed
Spanish women and things like so I just
heard about this and Michael Curtis this
editor at the Atlantic said I can't
really use the piece that you wrote but
the way you talked about the
this is so different so interesting and
you're doing it as a feminist and he
said I'd like you to write about that
and that later became my book who stoled
feminism so in the book who stole
feminism I pointed out that there are
these two traditions and that one of
them is everyone should be every
contemporary American should be an
equity feminist and we have pretty good
data which shows they are most people
believe in equal pay for equal work and
they want their daughters and sons to
have the same opportunities so equity
feminism I believe that we owe most of
women's progress to that classical
liberal tradition that came in really
from the European enlightenment gender
feminism does not come out of the
European enlightenment as such it's more
of a Marxist tradition conflict theory
class struggle but in this case gender
struggle are now intersectional
struggles so I I just can't view
American women as subordinate I think
it's a complicated mix of for men and
women of benefits and burdens I don't
think women are oppressed as women well
why do you think gender feminism has
gained so much credence and credibility
American women are living the best lives
the women who ever lived in the history
of the world by a pretty large margin
why is it that this sort of toxic
feminism to use a good hijack attorney
hey why is it the dad has has gained so
much ground in the public discourse well
as I said it gained a foothold in the
Academy and particularly in women's
studies so it's sort of a one-party
system and if you are a dissident
feminist and you could be a feminist you
could be a scholar you can be a Laura
Kipnis or a Katie Roy feat Christina
summers it can be a poly mi but all of
us have been critical of aspects of
radical feminism then you become persona
non grata you become part of the problem
part of the systemic oppression of women
you've become an agent of the patriarchy
and they just call you names so you
don't get hired you're you're materials
aren't taught so students are we have
now you know going back 20 years
graduates in the more elite school the
more likely
in their gender studies you know they're
very adamantly teaching these these
rather extreme theories about women's
oppression and they use propaganda phony
statistics and so we have lots of young
people coming out becoming bloggers
becoming you know activists who've never
heard the other side they've read it in
their textbooks they've heard it look
that whole worldview was reinforced now
its truth they looked at the real world
it doesn't seem to match but it you know
it's not majority majority of students
don't become angry feminists but enough
to and now they're moving into the ends
of the society what do you think of the
idea that this is part and parcel of the
the hunger for a sense of victimology
that seems to be kind of crossing all
political boundaries it now applies to a
lot of people on all sides of the
political ally of folks who think
they're victims of foreign trade people
stealing their jobs you have people who
think that they're victims of an
overarching racist American system and
now you have women who again are living
in an extraordinarily privileged time by
any dimension by any measure and it was
opportunity rich women in history and
and then there and but they've had to
come up with some framework in which
they are victims how much of this do you
think is actually prosperity eating
itself is just a prosperous group of
people who have decided that they have
to maintain some sense of victimhood in
order to give them a sense of purpose in
the world it could be that it's a you
know I don't want to speculate too much
about their psychology because I'm just
not sure and there's and I even worry
about that
sometimes they worry like why aren't
there more dissident scholars like me
and it fills me with doubt I think maybe
there's something wrong with me maybe
maybe I am an agent of the patriarchy
and I'm not saying it and so then I try
to go back and read it and try it and
think okay I've missed something and
maybe maybe women really are oppressed
in some hidden way that I can't
appreciate now I've looked pretty
carefully as well as a lot along with a
lot of other people if things like the
wage gap in the glass ceiling and I just
can't help but see they're just other
reasonable explanations that have
nothing to do with discrimination but I
honestly try because it worries me that
so many of them are carried away with it
and you know why wouldn't there be more
people protesting and more scholar
they're not that many women scholars
that join me that's starting to change
now I think they've gotten so extreme
that maybe I will have more company but
anyway why do they believe it I mean
it's it's a conspiracy theory for smart
people and you know and the more
intelligent you are this is there's been
good you know psychological
documentation that just the more you can
talk yourself into a belief system and
maybe they you know had a bad experience
and they're projecting I don't know I
know you know Catherine MacKinnon who
was sort of the leader of the gender
feminist movement and you know she
thought that the patriarchal oppressive
system was so good it was almost perfect
so perfect that people couldn't even see
it it was invisible that's one of the
other things you know now that could be
a profound observation and some people
found it so not me I found it to be a
paranoid conspiracy theory about reality
that can't be falsified it can't test it
as soon as you question it that just
shows your part of the problem you know
but Catherine MacKinnon she did not win
in the beginning when she first came on
the scene and the New York Times was
covering academia and New York magazine
and LA Times my side was winning we won
in the court of public opinion can the
Oh Polly uh you know was certain she was
on covers and things we just we won the
argument
they won the assistant professorship and
that mattered more so let's go through
some of the myths that have been pervade
by the modern feminist movement because
you spend an awful lot of time doing
that but first let's talk about your
online security so whether you are in a
cafe or hotel we often rely on public
Wi-Fi to use the internet on the go but
something as simple as paying your bills
online from the Starbucks can actually
leave your data exposed a hacker could
easily intercept your information you
can steal passwords credit card numbers
personal details it's not just hackers
government agencies like the NSA well
they've got a lot of that information
too you don't really know how they're
using it so what can you do to defend
yourself well the software that I use to
protect my online activity from spies
and data thieves is expressvpn
expressvpn has easy to use apps they run
seamlessly in the background of my
computer phone and tablet an express VPN
secures an anonymized
browsing by encrypting your data hiding
your public IP address using expressvpn
I can safely surf on public Wi-Fi
without being snooped on or having my
personal data stolen for the best
protection you should use Express VPN
every time you go online and here's the
nice thing expressvpn cost less than
seven bucks a month it comes with a
30-day money-back guarantee so you can
try it and see if you like it so take
back your internet privacy today and
find out how you can get three months
for free go to expressvpn comm slash man
that's expr ESS VPN comm slash pen for 3
months free with a one-year package get
expressvpn secure your internet right
now is it expressvpn comm slash Ben to
learn more ok so let's go back to these
myths so myth number one the wage gap
which you mentioned this is used by
virtually every feminist scholar to
suggest that America has some sort of
superstructure of patriarchy what are
the real facts about the wage gap does
it exist and if so to what extent there
is a gap of about 20 cents if you look
at all men and all women working full
time you will find this gap however it
doesn't take into account relevant
factors that affair just what did you
major in in college what profession are
you in how many hours do you work per
week when you do these controls the wage
gap begins to narrow and in some studies
it vanishes so if you look at majors
college majors you will make more money
on average if you go into I don't know
petroleum engineering or naval
architecture or metallurgy apparently
make money and for the PhD in metallurgy
but if you go into early childhood
education Social Work or women's studies
met not as much so that counts and oh
you know then we look well who majors in
petroleum engineering it's mostly men
and who majors in early childhood
education mostly women so that is not
you know you have to take into account
these relevant factors and what I see in
study after study is they either don't
do it
or they play a little game like the
American Association of University Women
they will say oh yes it's true when you
take relevant you know factors into
control it narrows but there's still a
gap and then they insist but of you know
they'll say 12
sir 15 cents but but they don't take all
of the relevant factors because there
probably took 20 or 25 things I mean
look at things like the danger of a job
if you look at the the death gap it's
almost all men I think it's 94 percent
of fatalities in the workplace our men
Labor Department data and every year you
know so we've got about 5,000 people who
died in the workplace almost all men so
that's another thing they never look at
the workplace as a totality what jobs
are people doing and most of the gritty
dangerous jobs you know have you've seen
a woman like as a roofer or if you're in
a high-rise building and there's some
guy out there it's always a guy rushing
the windows and you know so there's a
you do get a pay premium for a danger
you do get a pay premium for working odd
hours or strange hours now when I debate
them they'll say yes okay fine you're
