a new poll shows Americans aren't that
proud of their country the Supreme Court
race heats up and president Trump goes
to war on trade i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
well it's the day before fourth of July
my favorite holiday of the year fourth
of July is just spectacular of course
and we'll do some fourth of July talk
today we will also talk about why you
should be proud to be an American
because at least you know you're free
but we begin today first with our
friends over at software advice so the
reality is that you have experts
available to you on pretty much any
subject under the Sun except for the
software that you use for your business
and this is one of the most important
things that you can do for your business
is have updated software have the
programs that you need that are going to
ensure that your business runs as
efficiently as humanly possible but you
don't have anybody to go - well that's
what software advice does for you
they've done all the research their team
of advisers can point you in the right
direction so you can start working more
effectively right away and it's
absolutely free just go to software
advice comm slash Ben you answer a few
short questions about your business and
then you are connected with an advisor
to discuss the best software options for
your needs and talking to an advisor
just takes ten minutes or less whether
you're a medical professional or a
construction manager and HR pro software
advice helps you save time and money and
make you a more informed decision so if
you're an entrepreneur or if you work
solo software advice is what you need
experts are ready to be on-call they're
your on-call go-to team they help you
figure out business software in minutes
for free it's a really easy solution to
this problem that you've been scratching
your head over and the software struggle
go to software advice comm slash Bend to
get started that software advice.com
slash pens connects with an advisor for
free software advice.com slash men
whether it's tailored software program
or generic software advice comm knows
what you need software advice calm slash
Bend use that slash pens let them know
that we sent you okay so there's a new
poll out today on the eve of July 4th
and it's pretty discouraging the poll
suggests that less than half of all US
adults are extremely proud to be
American and when you can find that
question to Democrats that number Falls
to less than a third less than a third
under one and three Democrats are
extremely proud to be Americans now I
know there were similar polls taken
during the Obama era Republicans still
said they were proud to be American they
just didn't like President Obama
Democrats tend to believe that the
leadership of the country is reflective
of the country itself so when there's
the president that they like like Barack
Obama then they're very proud of their
country and when there's president they
don't like like George aid should like
george w bush or like donald trump then
they are not so fond of our country
they're not extremely
proud of their country I'm proud of my
country having nothing nothing to do
with who the president is because my
country is not the president my country
is not the people who currently
constitute the government my country is
the country based on the Declaration of
Independence in the Constitution and the
philosophy that underlies that my
country is the country with a shared
common history and a shared common value
right that's that's the country that I
care about and if you don't see America
as a set of eternal principles and
values that outlive any single president
or any single legislature or any single
Speaker of the House or any single
Supreme Court justice I would suggest
that you don't have a valuable view of
America in and of itself you just think
of America as what it is today
as opposed to America as a manifestation
of the of certain ideals and maybe those
ideals are being imperfectly implemented
but that doesn't mean you shouldn't be
proud of the ideals themselves or the
history of America which has freed more
people from tyranny than any country in
the history of the globe Republicans
have consistently said they are
extremely proud to be American had a
significantly higher rate than Democrats
according to media I the this new number
that less than half of all Americans are
extremely proud to be American this is a
new low since the question was first
poll by Gallup in 2003 overall 47% of US
adults are extremely proud among
Democrats at numbers 32% Republicans
have said they are extremely proud much
more consistently than Democrats because
Republicans are much more tied to
foundational documents and to the system
created by the Constitution and the
Declaration of Independence also
Republicans are more likely to engage in
displays of patriotism there are a lot
of good studies that suggest that if you
take your kid to a 4th of July parade
that in and of itself is a good
predictor as to whether your kid will
vote Republican or Democrat because if
you feel there is inherent importance to
the idea of America and to the symbolism
of America you're more likely to be
Republican or as if you think of
yourself as a global citizen as a person
who's above and beyond these American
ideals you're a person who can stand
outside America and cast a keen eye at
the problems in America faces you're
more likely to be a Democrat the number
dipped slightly to 68% of Republicans
saying they were extremely proud to be
American in 2016 but it's now 74 percent
Democrats conversely said they were
extremely proud irate of 46 percent in
2016 but in two years that number has
dropped by fourteen points and that's
obvious why that's because Republicans
now dominate public politics so as
Republicans have continued to dominate
electoral Democrats have become
unless proud of their country because
again Democrats think of America as the
government they don't think of it as the
American people or the values embodied
by the American people
or the founding values which they don't
like anyway Democrats believe that the
founding values merely enshrined racism
sexism bigotry and homophobia that all
of the Constitution all of the
Declaration of Independence was written
as a way to enshrine property ownership
by rich white men this is the Howard
Zinn view of history and unfortunately
it's permeated a large segments of the
Democratic Party it's a real problem for
Democrats it really is because most
Americans generally despite this poll
most Americans still kind of like the
country and when you have this Howard
Zinn view of history that George
Washington was just a rich white
slave-owner who had no principles and
then he wasn't risking anything in the
Revolutionary where all these guys just
wanted to keep their own property when
you believe that you throw out American
history when you treat American history
is just a series of power relations what
you're really doing is undermining what
America is and what makes America good
the reality is that America is the only
country in human history founded on an
ideal a stated ideal and a good ideal
the idea that all men are created equal
granted inalienable rights by their
creator a that is a unique proposition
in human history and the founding
fathers may not have perfectly realized
the manifestation of that idea right
slavery still existed obviously many of
the same people who signed the
Declaration of Independence the guy who
wrote the Declaration of Independence
was a slave holder but it doesn't mean
that the ideal that they were promoting
wasn't a good ideal it was a great ideal
it is a great ideal and that's why I've
always objected to the folks who kneel
during the national anthem I've always
objected to this idea that you have to
burn the flag in order to protest it
seems to me the way you really should be
doing is saying I love the flag and
that's why I think that we're not
standing up in proper ways for it
I love the national anthem I love the
country and that's why I think that we
have to fulfill that dream this is what
Frederick Douglass did so well he did a
very famous speech during the the late
days of slavery before the Civil War he
did a speech very famous fourth of July
speech in which he said the Declaration
of Independence is magnificent document
but it doesn't protect people like me it
should protect people like me it should
be universal let's look at the universal
implications of the ideas pushed by
Thomas Jefferson and then let's go out
and act upon them right that's the way
that people ought to question whether
we're living up to our own ideals the
ideal
themselves are good and this this
Marxist idea that all politics all
principle is really just a manifestation
of what you want it's all just power
relationships that the only reason that
the Constitution exists is because
they're a bunch of people who want to
preserve their own interests it's just
not correct it's just not correct it was
a lot riskier for the founders to fight
against the greatest empire on earth
than it was for them it was much riskier
for them to fight that that Empire and
put all their property at risk I mean
the Declaration of Independence pledges
their lives they're there their wealth
and their sacred honor their lives their
fortunes and their sacred honor to the
fight there are their founders who won't
legitimately broke in the course of the
Revolutionary War robert Livingston
among them from New York he watched his
house burned to the ground that George
Washington there's there's a story of my
business partner german-born was telling
me last night hey George Washington the
the British were threatening Mount
Vernon and apparently one of his one of
his staffers basically went out and
begged the British not to burn down
Mount Vernon when Washington found out
about who's angry he said listen I
pledged my life my fortune my sacred
honor to fight this battle to pretend
that the heroes of America's past are
not actually heroes is deeply embedded
in a lot of democratic ideology right
now and it's really bad it means that
there's no commonality you want to know
why the country is breaking apart
because we don't have a common mythology
we don't have a common set of values we
don't have a common concept of Liberty
even the things that you see unites us
divide us go back to 1950 and listen to
how Democrats talked about the
Declaration of Independence look at the
speeches and the writings of Arthur
Schlessinger and who is considered your
the great intellectual of the Democratic
Party look at the speeches of JFK
there's a lot of patriotism to Democrats
in the nineteen twenties thirties
forties fifties sixties then in the
sixties it broke and the sixties it was
decided that America was actually a bad
place and that all of the evils that
were obvious in American life were
simply parts of a greater horrible
hierarchy that they were effects of this
terrible American hierarchy that the
reason that there was racism the reason
there was Jim Crow the reason there was
this war in Vietnam it was all because
America had been built on the wrong
basis if it had been built on the basis
of redistributionist Marxism with social
ownership of the means of production
then everything would have been so much
better and the left has never gotten
over this
so according to this report from Gallup
politics appears to be a factor in and
why so many people are not proud to be
American with sharp declines evidence
among Democrats and political liberals
and no decrease among Republicans and
conservatives but that's the point right
the the point here is not that Democrats
dropped their support for the United
States because it from what's in what's
actually kind of interesting is that
Republicans support for the United
States or enthusiasm about the United
States only rose like a little bit in
single digits in other words Republicans
are very much tied to these these
generalized ideals and Democrats see
these generalized ideals are as bad
unless they have a president in office
who's fighting against those generalized
ideals
the report says left-leaning group's
antipathy toward Trump and their belief
that other countries look unfavorably on
the president are likely factors in
their decline in patriotism particularly
the sharp drops in the last year but
again I point out the fact that I'm only
a minority of Democrats said they were
extremely proud to be American even when
Barack Obama was president what's it
that's a shocking statistic it's a
shocking statistic
I think there's there something else
happening too and that is that there are
a number of people who are just not
appreciative of living in America
because they have it so good
see it's everyone who's trying to get
into America realizes that America is a
great place everybody was trying to get
in illegally or legally
who's trying to cross that border is
trying to get here because it's better
here people around the world are trying
to imitate the implementation of
American markets and American
constitutional ideas because they see
that America is a powerhouse and they
look at their own lives and they say our
own life isn't that great maybe our life
could be better if we started
implementing some of those ideals and in
fact when you implement those ideals
your country becomes better when you
implement free market ideas on a rock
like Hong Kong you turn Hong Kong into a
thriving place when you implement
terrible ideas in an apparent area then
you end up in poverty so one of the
things that's important to note here is
that we are all living better in the
United States and generally around the
world than we ever have Bill Gates is
right he's the obviously Microsoft
co-founder and he's praised the
republican-led Congress for rejecting
the Trump administration's proposed cuts
to the State Department budget according
to PJ Media Gates pointed out that the
foreign aid budget nearly doubled during
President George HW Bush's tenure but
here's the point that he makes and this
is this is the one that I think actually
matters he says
that the world is better now than it
ever has been it's not really about how
much we spent on foreign aid this is
where he's wrong but he says that the
world is a far better place than it ever
has been in history and that is
essentially true I mean materially that
is certainly true he says by almost any
metric the world is a far better place
today less violent deaths less disease
more education than ever in its history
it doesn't mean that we can feel
complacent about that remaining burden
he noted that in that in 1990 12 million
kids under five years old died that
figures now less than 5 million per year
the world he said is a hundred times
less violent than it was a thousand
years ago that is the percentage of
deaths that are violent is down
dramatically
so attitudes have shifted obviously the
world is a better place and I would
suggest the reason the world's a better
place is because of murica the reason
the world is a better place is because
of the United States in a second I'm
going to talk about that a little bit
more first I want to say thanks to the
u.s. ECA so one of the things that the
United States is always enshrined is the
Second Amendment and as we approach 4th
of July it's important to remember that
one of the reasons that we have our
freedoms is because American citizens
owned guns and you should own a gun too
if you're a law-abiding citizen you
should protect your family and your
community in your country with those
weapons so like me the u.s. EC it
believes the right to defend your loved
ones with a gun is a god-given freedom
and in honor of the 4th of July the US
ECA is celebrating our forefathers and
our Second Amendment freedom with the
great American giveaway five lucky
winners will each receive 1776 bucks to
purchase the gun and ammo of their
choice it's really easy just go to
defend your family now calm for your
free entry and then you can choose your
gun
Ruger Kimbra ar-15 no matter what you
choose you can get a really great gun
and still have money left over for the
ammo instead of drawing just one winner
they are drawing 5 which means you have
5 chances to win all you have to do is
go to defend your family now.com to get
entered your entry to win is 1772 in
1776 bucks for guns and ammo it's quick
it's simple it's free just go to defend
your family now calm let's defend your
family now calm you SCCA does great work
educating gun owners providing them with
all the legal the legal help that they
need in case they actually have to fire
a gun defend your family now calm check
it out defend your family now calm for
your chance to win 1776 bucks for a gun
and ammo of your choice again its defend
your family now calm ok so Bill Gates
says the worlds apart better place today
and then he doesn't really talk about
why he says that it must be because of
the US State Department
that's not why the world is a better
place the world is a better place
because the rest of the world has
embraced America's visions of markets
because the rest of the world has
engaged with the United States in an
exchange of free labor because the rest
of the world has decided that America
had it right in the first place America
has been the Atlas holding up the world
since World War two it's virtually all
global growth has occurred on the back
of the United States there are a lot of
people on the Left who believe that if
the United States were to disappear or
foot were to go european-style
redistributionist or if they were to go
socialist then nothing in the world
would really change
well they neglect to mention is the fact
that the world the engine for growth is
the United States that is the engine of
growth in virtually every part of the
globe we are the chief trading partners
with a huge number of countries for a
reason we're not just the big of market
the biggest market or the biggest
producers the United States is a global
engine of growth not just because of
free markets but because of the values
embedded in free markets the idea that
you own your own labor the idea that you
have a duty and a responsibility to go
out and work hey these are American
ideas embedded in the Declaration of
Independence embedded in the
Constitution of the United States this
is all stuff we should be proud of when
we look at the world you know there's
there's a tendency by even some on the
right to look at the world we say well
you know America hasn't seen the gains
that it should have seen over the past
thirty years which I think is utter
nonsense
if you look at the standard of living in
the United States the stuff that you can
have now versus what you could have
thirty years ago you would significantly
rather live now than then live in 1980
