so much news so many things to be
excited about so many things to be
depress about so here's the deal
Mike Flynn just pled guilty to a charge
of lying to the FBI we'll explain what
that means the Republicans are going to
pass a tax cut today we'll explain what
that means and Kate Stanley's killer was
just let go on charges of murder he will
still go to jail on gun charges we'll
explain what that means so lots of
explaining to plus the mailbag so many
things I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
some days are like drinking from a
firehose and this is that day there are
just too many big news stories happening
all at once and I'm sure that by the end
of the show another big news story will
have broken destroying the rest of the
structure of the show but before we get
to any of the big news and it is really
big news today first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Birch gold
if all of this makes you feel just a
little unsettled if all this makes you
feel like perhaps you want some solidity
in your life you should have some of
your money in precious metals everyone's
portfolio at least part of it should be
in precious metals the people to go to
for that are the folks over at Birch
gold thanks to a little-known IRS tax
law you can even move your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver which is
perfect for people who want to ensure
that their hard-earned retirement
savings are protected from either
inflation or any stock market crashes
that may be to come they've a
long-standing track record over a Burch
gold of continued success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau contact our friends over
at Birch gold group right now to request
a free 16 page information kit on
physical precious metals to get that kit
go over to wwm slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben that lets them
know that we sent you and make sure you
ask all your questions make sure they
get all your answers and then when
you're ready to invest in precious
metals Birch gold those are the people
to talk to about it
birchgold.com slash button so ok here we
go
so the breaking news from this morning
just before the show is that the FBI has
basically now made clear that Mike Flynn
lied to them so Mike Flynn just pled
guilty to a charge of lying to the FBI
what did he lie to the FBI about
apparently he lied to the FBI because he
had been speaking with the Russian
ambassador surrogate kiss lyac in order
to convince kiss lyac to lay off of
backlash against the united states after
the Obama administration is - in its
waning days as retaliation for supposed
Russian election interference put new
sanctions on the Russians and you recall
that Putin didn't respond to that and
there's speculation that was because
Flynn had reached out to Putin and told
him don't do it things are gonna change
come January 20th I said at the time I
don't see what is particularly wrong
with that he was a transition official
it was already pretty clear who's gonna
be part of the administration there's no
real violation of law there so what's
the big deal the fact though that he was
allowed to plead on only the charge with
regard to lying to the FBI suggests to
me that
he is about to flip on the Trump
administration and that suspicion has
now been confirmed the reason I say that
this is pretty clearly a plea deal that
minimizes what Flynn did is because
there have been reports coming out of
the Mueller probe that they were
investigating Flynn for having made a
deal with the Turkish government to
kidnap a guy who's a Turkish to senator
from the United States and send him back
to Turkey they didn't paid hundreds of
thousands of dollars by the Turkish
government in other words it looks like
there were more serious charges on the
table and in exchange for those charges
going away Flynn took this much lesser
charge in order to get this thing over
with so according to ABC News here's
what they are saying they are now saying
that Flynn had resisted flipping on
other members of the administration for
months given his close ties with the
Trump administration but he apparently
felt abandoned by the administration in
recent weeks thanks to mounting legal
debts and plans to sell his house to
help defray cost according to ABC News
this is one of the big problems
seriously one of the big problems with
the with special counsel investigations
everyone is forced to lawyer up
lawyers are incredibly expensive if you
are just a normal person you can't
afford the lawyer and up that cost to
fight people like Robert Mueller and
there was no one there to pick up the
cost for Mike Flynn so in order to
defray those costs he's apparently
cutting a deal with the with the Mueller
investigation Brian Ross on ABC News
special report is reporting that flem
has promised quote full cooperation to
the Mueller team and is prepared to
testify that as a candidate Donald Trump
quote directed him to make contact with
the Russians now this the people are
left are going nuts clear that we're
almost there almost there again this
means that Mike Flynn is going to
testify that Donald Trump told him to
coordinate campaign activities with the
Russians and that's why there that's why
Hillary Clinton lost the election that
is not clear by any stretch of the
imagination there is lots of
coordination between the Hillary Clinton
team for example and we know members of
the Ukrainian government the idea that
members of campaigns don't talk to
foreign officials is just not true so
it's quite possible that Trump told
Flint I want you to go talk to Putin
talk to him about what their priorities
are what our priorities are if I become
president of the United States none of
that is illegal none of that is illegal
the only thing that would be illegal is
presumably if there is actually
conspiracy an exchange of information
that would be designed to subvert the
United States election and there are
actual conspiracy laws and you'd have to
see if they violate them legally and
that
that's a little bit difficult to prove
collusion is not a crime in other words
even if collusion occurred that might be
grounds for the political crime of
impeachment that would require
impeachment but it's not grounds for any
actual crime that has been committed
collusion is not a crime there is no
statute on collusion
it's a vague term of art so this does
not get all the way toward proving
anything about Trump we still have to
see what Flynn has to say now there are
two possibilities here one is that Flynn
is actually gonna say some stuff that's
really damaging about the president in
favor of this possibility is the is the
reality that Mueller cut a deal with
Flynn and that basically let Flynn
almost entirely off the hook for all of
these other charges so why would you cut
such a deal that was generous to Flynn
because Flynn's about to give you a
bunch of good stuff right think of your
Godfather
right Frank Pentangeli he's gonna get
off the hook so long as he testifies
against Michael Corleone okay the reason
that you're going to downgrade charges
is because you're trying to get Flynn to
actually give you valuable information
if you don't believe Flynn has valuable
information you don't cut a deal with
him at all you just send him to jail
so that's cutting in favor of that
there's also the possibility however
that the special counsel is charging
Flynn on the line to the FBI charge
because what he's hoping is that now
he's going to be able to go after other
members of the Trump administration for
the same thing but there'll be a sort of
domino effect that he's sort of fishing
but what he's doing here is he's gonna
nail Flynn on the line to the FBI charge
got him to plead out on that and then he
they're gonna go back and talk to some
other folks who've talked to the FBI I
think in the administration that
includes I think Kushner's talked to the
FBI I think there's several other
members of the administration who talked
to the FBI the possibility exists that
they will try to have Flynn testify
against those people and then try and
get those people on charges of lying to
the FBI and try and flip this upward
right create a domino effect and maybe
one of those people flips on the
president and finally spills the beans
about the president but that is not the
same thing as Flynn himself is directly
going to implicate the president and any
sort of criminal activity so it's a
little early for all of the speculation
that's going on it is not clear by any
stretch of the imagination that all of
this is that all of this is is going to
bring down the President of the United
States there is a lot of there's a lot
of I think unbasic ulation from both
sides people on the right going there's
a big nothing right they didn't charge
them with anything and people on the
left going they've charged him with
something we're about to get Trump
president Pence is coming I don't know
that any of this is is gonna be true so
we just don't know
yet we do know that something more is
happening the investigation than we
thought was happening yesterday
Reuters by the way ABC is saying that
candidate Trump ordered him to make
contact with the Russians that's what
ABC is reporting Reuters is reporting
that Flynn is saying the transition team
ordered him to make contact with the
Russians if it's the transition team
that has nothing to do at the campaign
so it's hard even to imagine what the
crime would be at that point the
transition team ordering Flynn to talk
with the Russians like who cares unless
we're just gonna round up a bunch of
people unjustly and this is something
that special councils have done in the
past you recall that it was Special
Counsel I believe is Patrick Fitzgerald
who went after scooter libby scooter
libby was working for the President of
the United States he's an American
lawyer from a performer advisor to VP
Dick Cheney and you recall that he
actually ended up in jail and he was
pardoned by President and Trent works
his sentence was commuted more
specifically by President Bush because
scooter libby had apparently Phibbs it
to the FBI but there was no underlying
crime so they got Scooter Libby for
fibbing to the FBI but they are
obstruction of justice but he had not
actually done anything wrong there was
no underlying crime nothing criminal had
taken place he hadn't done it nobody in
the administration had done it basically
remember that about Valerie Plame the
situation in that particular case was
the Valerie Plame was in under it was a
covert CIA agent she was in Washington
she was not really like in the field and
there was a leak about her identity
after Joe Wilson her husband suggested
that the Bush administration had lied
about yellowcake from Niger being sold
to the Iraqi regime and the person who
actually ended up doing it I believe was
Richard Armitage that that was the the
person would end up leaking it was was
not in fact Scooter Libby it was Richard
Armitage a Libby had apparently fibbed
to the FBI in the process of the
investigation and they decided to go
after Libya instead it was really a
bunch of nonsense they went after him
just because they felt like going after
him and that's why President Bush ended
up commuting his sentence he really
should have pardoned him in this
particular case it could be something
very similar we just don't know at this
point so anybody who's telling you it's
all over we know what the story is Trump
is going down don't believe them at this
point there's just not enough
information on that yet for that to be
the case we don't know what Mike Lynn is
going to tell the the FBI what he has
told the FBI at this point so we're
gonna find out we're gonna find out by
the way it is worth noting also
the White House says that they have no
comments on this at this point which is
the proper stance in the middle of legal
proceeding the last thing you want to do
is start going out and mouthing off Mike
Flynn had made comments in 2016 it's
gonna get played all over the news today
that if he did a tenth of what Hillary
Clinton had done he would be in jail
today you know there's a real
possibility that that is that that is
true by the way that he really did not
do much here and that he could end up in
jail anyway just because this is the way
the political prosecutions go we're
saying that because if I a guy who knows
this business if I did 1/10 1/10 of what
she did I would be in jail today so
crooked Hillary Clinton leave this race
now so I'm not saying it's a political
prosecution I don't know you don't know
nobody knows so don't buy all the
speculation that's going on today it's
time to hold judgment and abeyance then
say actually have more information okay
so that is big story number one big
story number two is that Kate Steinle
skilar was acquitted yesterday on
charges of murder the the facts of the
case I want to give you the entire facts
of the case that you know what the jury
may or may not have been doing so let's
begin with what exactly happened Sarah
rump has a very good piece over a red
state talking about what exactly
happened in this case so you recall that
during the campaign the Kate Stanley
case came up over and over beautiful
young woman who was killed on a San
Francisco pier by an illegal immigrant
the illegal immigrants had a gun that
had been stolen from a federal agents
car I guess and the gun had been fired
the the guy admitted to killing the girl
the only question was did he do it was
it an accident or did he do it on
purpose or was a criminal negligence so
he was charged with second-degree murder
the jury also could have found for
involuntary manslaughter that was on the
table as well it seems to me that
second-degree murder was too high a
charge and that involuntary manslaughter
seems like the the situation that best
fits the evidence this may be a case to
give the best gloss on the jury this may
be a case where the jury was basically
thrown off by the prosecutors failing to
press the charges properly that's that's
a possibility here and I'll explain why
in just a second so here is what is
undisputed on July 1st 2015 Kate Steinle
was fatally struck in the back by a
single bullet as she walked on pier 14
with
Father to view the San Francisco Bay hos
ENS Garcia's aarathi was a Mexican
citizen illegally in the United States
and he fired the gun that they killed
Stanley so first of all for political
reasons it doesn't matter what the guy
was convicted or not this guy should not
have been in the United States he had
been deported I believe six times but
five times before for seven separate
crimes if the man had been a citizen in
the state of California he probably
would have already been in jail for life
because there's a three strikes law in
the state of California mostly it
involves violent crime not drug offenses
but the idea that he would have been out
on the street is absurd he would not
have been out on the street if he'd been
convicted of a bunch of different felony
drug offenses he would be in jail right
now he would not be out on the street if
you were citizen so he actually had the
special privilege of being deported then
recrossing the border coming back and
then you recall he was picked up on a
drug charge by the local authorities the
feds found out about they asked the
local authorities to hold him so they
could come get him and because San
Francisco is a sanctuary city he was
then released into the general
population as well where he got ahold of
this gun and killed Kate Steinle now was
this a murder or was this an involuntary
manslaughter I think he's an open
question it's pretty clear to me that
this was an involuntary manslaughter
I'll explain to you why in just a second
I'll give you all the legal breakdown
putting on my lawyer hat but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at the US ECA so according to the
US Department of Justice over 34,000
carjackings happen every single year do
you know how to protect yourself and
your family do you know when it's
actually legal to draw a gun well the
self defense experts at the US ECA
created a free video series to show you
exactly what to do during a deadly
carjacking but it's only free for a
limited time don't be a victim it's
great it gives you all the information
that you need go to defend my family now
calm for a hundred percent free instant
access let's defend my family now calm
for a hundred percent free instant
access the training videos show you how
to use cover how to get your gun on
target how to turn the tables on any
attacker in under two seconds you'll
need more than basic skills that you've
learned at the range if you actually
want to be able to defend yourself
that's why you need to go over to my
friends at USC seeing at the training
you need take advantage of the free
training it's free but only for now so
go to defend my family now calm for 100%
free access 100% free access to fend my
family now calm descends really soon so
do it now defend my family now dot-com
all right so here is the here is the
case for the defense so basically what
happened is that this piece of garbage
illegal immigrant and he's
in a piece of garbage because he's an
illegal immigrant he's a piece of
garbage who is an illegal immigrant he
was walking around on the pier and he
has the gun the defense says that he
found the gun on the pier okay this is
like the lamest excuse ever how many
times you been walking around just find
a gun lying around usually you're
walking around and boom look there's a
gun okay this it never happens and the
idea that this happens in San Francisco
on a regular basis is insane San
Francisco has some of the tightest gun
laws in the nation so he says that he's
walking around he finds a gun he picks
it up because he picks it up and then
magically the gun just goes off it is
clear from the evidence that the bullet
hit the cement before it hit Steinle so
it wasn't like he picked up the gun
aimed it Stanley shot her in the back
okay he he picked up the gun he fired it
it bounced off the concrete it hit Kate
Steinle in the back he killed her
and the the defense was that he
basically that he's a that
basically was walking around gone he
picks it up it goes boom in his hand for
no reason at all it's just a pure
accident the bullet bounces Skip's off
to concrete and hits Kate Steinle in the
back and she dies the problem with this
particular theory is several-fold one
the gun had been missing for four days
from a federal agents car somehow it
just winds up in the hands with the SI
legal immigrant criminal repeat criminal
it is magic it was like a normal person
who found it on the boardwalk over at
the San Francisco pier wasn't me it
wasn't you it was an illegal immigrant
