Nancy Pelosi talks race Paul Krugman
talks fascism and President Trump talks
in afta so a lot of talking I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show I
[Music]
have a lot to get to today I have a
crazy story out of Brown University that
really is indicative of where the left
is intellectually and it is not a good
place but first I want to talk to you
about your wireless provider the big in
big wireless provider stands for a lot
of things big contracts big bills big
fees AT&T has a new 800 million dollar
administrative fee increase what big
Wireless doesn't actually want you to
know is that there's a way to cut your
wireless bill all the way down to 15
bucks a month which is where mint mobile
comes in they're the game-changing
company that's taken everything wrong
with big Wireless and they've made it
right you can save probably a thousand
dollars a year with mint mobile without
sacrificing quality of service they work
with other companies to ensure that your
coverage is the best there is it's just
terrific mint mobile makes it really
easy to cut your wireless bill down in
just fifteen bucks a month use your own
phone with any mint mobile plan you can
keep your old number along with all your
existing contacts you can choose between
2 5 or 10 gigabyte 4G LTE plans no more
paying for unlimited data that you're
never going to use every plan comes with
unlimited text and talk and if you're
not 100% satisfied mint mobile has you
covered with their 7 day money-back
guarantee they save you money by cutting
out the middleman and also they're not
gonna sell you data packages you're
never going to use ditch your old
wireless bill start saving with mint
mobile to get your new mint Wireless
plan for just 15 bucks a month plus free
shipping on your mint Mobile SIM card go
to mint mobile comm slash Ben that's mi
n t-mobile comm slash Ben mint mobile
comm / Ben cut your wireless bill down
to 15 bucks a month get free shipping on
that SIM card at mint mobile comm slash
menus at /bin to let them know that we
sent you okay so well the media keep
proclaiming that Donald Trump is the
scariest person who ever was President
Trump continues to bash the the
mainstream media continues to suggest
that they are indeed fake news he
continued that this morning when he woke
up at 5:30 in the morning and decided to
rewatch lou dobbs yes that's actually
what happened he well quit 5:30 in the
morning and he TiVo's a lot of the shows
on Fox News and Fox Business and he
decided to watch Lou Dobbs a show Lou
Dobbs is talking about the search
results over in Google and president
Trump decided to tweet this out this is
14 do it out Google search results put
Trump news shows only the viewing
reporting of fake new media in other
words they have it rigged for me and
others so that almost all stories and
news is bad fake CNN is prominent
Republican conservative and fair media
is shut out illegal 96% of results on
Trump news are from national left-wing
media very dangerous Google and others
are suppressing voices of conservatives
and hiding information and news that is
good they're controlling what we can and
cannot see this is a very serious
situation will be addressed well I don't
think the president actually Google's
things hey he apparently doesn't use a
computer really so the where he got this
information is that Lou Dobbs was
talking about search results when it
comes to Google is and it's true that
the Google News bias in favor of large
media organizations is pretty severe and
that does have an actual impact on the
kind of news that people consume and it
does mean that they actually consume a
fair bit of misinformation that is put
out by the mainstream media now it's
important to remember that when
President Trump says things like fake
news and means just any news he doesn't
like he was not the originator of the
phrase fake news the originator of the
phrase Fignon Trump says that he made it
up he didn't make it up it was made up
by the left the left suggested that
Hillary Clinton had lost the election if
you recall due to fake news they're a
bunch of false stories put out on
Facebook people believe those false
stories and then they voted for Donald
Trump instead of Hillary Clinton
president Trump said the actual fake
news are the members of the mainstream
media and unfortunately members of the
mainstream media seem intent on proving
his point almost every day the latest
example comes courtesy of CNN so
President Trump has focused on CNN
incessantly and there's a reason for
that here's the latest example CNN
absolutely botched a story claiming the
president from knew in advance about the
June 2016 Trump Tower meeting between
members of the Trump campaign and a
Russian back lawyer supposedly offering
dirt on Hillary Clinton you know there's
been a lot of focus on this particular
meeting obviously because in the run-up
to the meeting Donald Trump jr. was
emailing with an associate of his from
Russia who is basically saying that the
Russian government wants to supply the
Trump campaign with dirt on Hillary so
why don't you meet with this lawyer and
Trump jr. was like sounds great and then
they had the meeting well one of the big
questions has been did Trump know in
advance about the meeting
well CNN reported July 26th 2018
claiming that Trump did know in advance
about the meaning well it turns out the
person who supplied that information was
lanny davis who's the clinton associated
where for michael cohen
who at the time was attempting to show
the muller investigation that michael
cohen had something valuable to offer
CNN says it stands by the story but
Davis told The Washington Post this week
quote I should have been more clear
including with you that I could not
independently confirm what happened I
regret my error Davis also told the
Anderson Cooper of CNN I think the
reporting of the story got mixed up in
the course of a criminal investigation
we were not the source of the story the
CNN story originally said Davis offered
no comment it turns out that on
background he had actually provided
virtually all of the story CNN said
quote we stand by our story we are
confident in our reporting of it that
story rocketed around the media was
echoed by NBC News and The Washington
Post according to BuzzFeed news Davis
was the confirming source for all of
that those admissions follow another
admission from Lanny Davis Michael
Cohen's lawyer regarding a claim that
President Trump knew beforehand about
the hacking of Democratic emails by the
Russians now Davis says quote I am not
sure there's a possibility that is the
case but I am not sure so the source for
half of the media's news regarding
Russian collusion and Trump Tower and
all the rest of it is Lanny Davis the
lawyer for Michael Cohen who has now
gone on record admitting that he doesn't
know what the hell he's talking about
CNN stands by the story anyway according
to BuzzFeed News quote the network in
effect doesn't appear to believe it made
a mistake the story was some inside CNN
argue carefully warded to hedge against
those in the Cohen camp changing their
tune in other words the story reports
claim that Cohen had said he was willing
to make not the underlying truth of
those claims in other words CNN says
listen we didn't report that Cohen knew
that Trump had known about the Trump
Tower meeting in advance no the CNN
story reported that Cohen was willing to
tell prosecutors that he might have
known about that stuff so we had
carefully caveated this right the
decision from CNN to continue to stand
by the story suggests it believes the
strength of its other sources outweighs
any waffling from Davis according to
BuzzFeed or that the network believes
Davis was telling the truth then and not
now but Davis's new statement that he
was the source for a story he now
refutes raise questions about what
action if any the network might take we
should address Lenny Davis's comments in
our reporting and be more transparent
with our readers about our report in one
CNN staffer told BuzzFeed news now I
have some person
experience with stories like this so I
remember back in 2013 Chuck Hagel was
nominated for Secretary of Defense by
the Obama administration Chuck Hagel was
in my opinion radically anti-israel he
was a he was a in isolationist on
foreign policy and there was a big push
from the right to stop Chuck Hagel's
nomination well I was supplied
information by top sources in the Senate
that that Chuck Hagel had spoken to some
group called Friends of Hamas was just a
rumor and we reported it on Breitbart
news as a rumor the actual title of the
piece said we called up the White House
the White House basically hung up on us
and the the title of piece was something
like White House spokesperson hangs up
about based on rumors of friends of
hamas something like that it was pretty
clear in the piece that it was a rumor
now that was correctly reported rumor
because it turns out that the rumor was
not true but should we have reported it
in the first place the answer is no and
I've said this multiple times since it
was a mistake not to retract the story
it was a mistake to report the story in
the first place CNN basically did the
same thing here but they're not backing
off the story right the same mainstream
media that suggested that story was bad
and was largely right is now suggesting
that this story by CNN is kind of okay
and then President Trump complaining
about fake news is labeled crazy you
have folks in the media claiming that
the news media are the reliable sources
in all of this it's hard to give a lot
of credibility to news sources that
holds a double standard when it comes to
people on the right they would never
hold for people on the left and the
levels to which the media will go in
order to disparage and slander the Trump
administration are pretty astonishing
it's mostly astonishing because if they
would just be accurate about the Trump
administration it's not like they would
have nothing to report but the opinions
of the left are so out of the realm of
normalcy
that it's it's almost impossible to
defend take for example this column from
Jill philipovich this isn't this is not
an objective news piece this is a column
but Joe philipovich is a feminist author
and she's the the author of a book
called the H spot the feminist pursuit
of happiness which is that the book is
completely blank there is no feminist
pursuit of happiness
it's just like Michael Moses book so Joe
philipovich writes a piece called stormy
Daniels feminist hero this is how far
the left is willing to go stormy Daniels
a porn star who spends her entire career
legitimately catering to the worst in
men is now a is now a feminist here
for having sex with a married man once
in order to get on the apprentice and
then taking money to shut up about it
and then reneging on the taking of the
money to shut up about it to make a big
deal about it she's a feminist here
here's Jill philipovich quote let's take
a moment for stormy Daniels on Tuesday
Michael Kohn pled guilty to breaking
campaign finance laws charges stemming
from payments he made to two women one
of them miss Daniels with whom is with
whom Donald Trump is said to have had an
affair mr. Cohen a former lawyer for mr.
Trump says he made the payments at the
direction of the president in an effort
to influence the 2016 election it's an
extraordinary admission and an
extraordinary political moment not just
because of what it means for mr. Trump
it marks an unanticipated feminist
turning point miss Daniels is an adult
film star and like the president an
unapologetic self-promoter hers is not a
female archetype that has historically
garnered much respect trust or sympathy
well yeah because she legitimately gets
paid to have sex on film so that other
men can masturbate to it that is
legitimately her career so yeah I
wouldn't go with feminist archetype
there yet here she is an imperfect
entirely self possessed woman telling
her story with clarity and without shame
and here we are actually listening to
her hey let's be clear the only reason
anybody's listening to her is because
one period interest and - she's saying
crap about a president at the left aids
this is why there's so much power in the
fact that miss Daniels does not believe
her job or her involvement with mr.
Trump or the payoff is her shame to
carry she wants him held accountable and
the justice system is actually stepping
in she's refusing to slink away
despite being paid to do exactly that in
a pattern we've seen too many times from
influential men seeking to maintain
their dominance and avoid
responsibilities
did I miss something here I thought
stormy Daniels was paid to voluntarily
go away and signed a contract to that
effect was she forced into anything here
I missed that part so just to be clear
when you violate a contract that's good
and feminist so long as it hurts Donald
Trump Jill filipova traits miss Daniels
is a sex worker making fun of a kind of
bad woman scorned for her work who's
often not believed when she incites a
powerful man well her work is garbage
and when she quote in Deitz a powerful
man we sort of have to decide whether or
not she is credible her credibility is
not really called into question by the
fact that she's a porn star she's not
even claiming she was sexually assaulted
her harassed she's claiming
that she had sex with a guy once and
then won't shut up about it before an
election right that's that's
legitimately her entire claim but this
makes her a feminist hero in a second we
will talk about the feminist heroism of
a woman who does girl-on-girl scenes for
pay but first let's talk about life
insurance oh if all of this makes you
want to kill yourself then probably you
should get some life insurance because
well life interesting gonna cover
suicide but in any case a better
transition would probably be you need
life insurance because if you die your
family's gonna want money right I mean
let's be real about this we're all gonna
plotz and when we do it would be a
mistake for you not to have life
insurance life insurance is really
important it's also really confusing
which is why four out of ten people
don't have it maybe you're one of those
folks maybe even holding off because
you're procrastinating but now is the
time to get life insurance because the
rates are the lowest they have been in
twenty years the best time to buy is now
the best place to buy is policy genius
calm policy genius is the easy way to
compare life insurance online in just
five minutes you can compare quotes from
the top insurers to find the best policy
for you and when you compare quotes you
save money it is indeed that simple
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage they don't
just make life insurance easy they also
compared disability insurance and
renter's insurance and health insurance
if you care about it they can cover it
so if you've been putting off getting
life insurance there's no reason to put
it off any longer
go to policy genius com get quotes
applying minutes it's that easy rates
are the lowest in 20 years policy genius
calm the easy way to compare and buy
life insurance go check out policy
genius right now so as Jill philipovich
says the left is celebrating stormy
Daniels as a hero and the reason that I
cite this is because well the opinion
pages in the New York Times
objective news pages are separate the
reality is that they're not quite all
that separate ok the same media
sensibility that informs an editorial
page that thinks Jill philipovich has
relevant things to say about Stormies
annuals being a feminist hero there are
the same folks who are pushing bad news
over at CNN the the hard distinction
between opinion and journalism doesn't
really exist ok it's why we over at the
daily water admit what our biases are
but the objective news media at places
like Siena and will not admit that bias
instead they claim their objective truth
tellers when in reality most of them
feel feel like Jo foo Phillip Povich
does anyway Philip Povich continues she
says miss Daniels his lack of shame
about her line of work has led to a
right-wing escalation with conservative
media outlets hounding her as a
prostitute once they realize
Schumi pour and start with the shrug
well I mean no people were calling her
kind of a prostitute because she was
kind of a prostitute I mean just like
having sex on film for pay is not
markedly better than having sex not on
film for pay Rudy Guiliani one of mr.
Trump's lawyers said in June although he
respects to all human beings miss
Daniels is apparently one exception he
said I don't respect a porn star the way
I respect a career woman or a woman of
substance or a woman who has great
respect for herself as a woman and as a
person he said and isn't going to sell
her body for sexual exploitation so
stormy you want to bring a case let me
cross-examine you
the threat is that mr. Giuliani would do
to miss Daniels what lawyers have done
for centuries to imperfect women and in
particular rape victims okay how is a
feminist equating a woman who has sex
for money on film for the pleasure of
men with a rape victim how is that even
a possibility you under the most anti
feminist thing that I've heard today it
is this okay it's not anything that Rudy
Giuliani said is something I'm saying
right now the most anti feminists thing
you can say is that stormy Daniels is
akin to a rape victim in any way she's
not a raped that tamesha's woman who
voluntarily has sex for money again none
of this is to let President Trump off
the hook for stooping women who have sex
for money which she does apparently on a
fairly regular basis but the left
attempts to paint everyone who is anti
Trump as some sort of great hero in the
struggle I don't think it's gonna
renounce their benefit in the long run
Phillip Povich says mr. Giuliani
contrasted miss Daniels with three
beautiful women classy women women of
great substance who mr. Trump has
married perfectly encapsulating the
profoundly misogynist virgin
dichotomy imposed on women where we can
only be perfectly good or entirely bad
well no women can be flawed but if you
choose to do what stormy Daniels does
that comes along with some character
consequences it's pretty insane that
this article was considered brilliant
enough to make the pages of the New York
Times but this is where we are this is
this is where we are so this is this is
just great stuff stormy Daniels heroin
that's not the only element of stupidity
in the pages of New York Times The New
York Times also features today a piece
by Paul Krugman who is one of the one of
the appointed idiots over at the New
York Times Krugman knows something about
international currency he knows nothing
about virtually anything else she has a
piece today in the New York Times
talking about how Donald Trump is
ushering in the era of fascism he says
