so last night the President of the
United States gave his very first
official State of the Union address and
it was shall we say huge we'll go
through all of it I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
we had a lot of fun last night here at
the Daily wire we did a full on state of
the union watch party and Trump given
pretty good speech and we all had a lot
of fun well I had less fun than the
other so they're all smoking cigars I'm
not a cigar smoking smoker and so I got
to inhale their secondhand smoke all
evening long yet nonetheless a good time
was had by all you can go and view that
entire thing over at Facebook I believe
we did it at YouTube as well you can
check that out or you can download it
because I think that it's available on
our podcast stream as well so we'll get
to everything Trump relate we'll get to
the State of the Union what happened the
blowback the responses from Joe Kennedy
the third you know that that great scion
of the Kennedy family as well as Bernie
Sanders his response the media losing
their might we'll go over all of it but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at tracker so I got up
this morning and you know what I
couldn't find my keys but it wasn't a
problem because I just went to my phone
and then I opened up my tracker app I
hit a button and boom like he started
ringing right at me the reason this is
so great is because every day you do the
same thing but you don't have the
tracker app do you and that is why
you've been searching for the last half
an hour's while listening to my podcast
for your keys and now you're gonna miss
your important meeting you don't have to
be that guy
instead go over to tracker and make sure
that you get their new tracker pixel
it's the lightest Bluetooth tracking
device on the market you put the tracker
pixel on whatever you tend to lose keys
wallet purse it is small enough to fit
anywhere when you misplace an item that
has a tracker pixel attached you can use
your smartphone and a 90 decibel alert
will help you find it in seconds it even
has powerful LED lights so you can find
anything even in the dark also if you
lose your phone and you left the ringer
off one of the beautiful things about
tracker you got your keys hit that
button and boom your phone's gonna ring
right at you even though you left the
ringer off so you never have to lose
your phone your wallet your keys ever
ever again and they have a 30-day
money-back guarantee which means you
have nothing to lose save 20% off your
order when you go to the tracker comm
slash Ben that's the track are.com slash
Ben for 20% off again the tracker comm
slash Ben make your life a lot easier
it's one of those the inconveniences you
don't think about but one you never have
to think about it again you realize you
just saved a lot of time in your life
that that you will want back so the
tracker comm slash Ben you get 20% off
okay so last night president Trump gives
his big first official state of the
universe when I say big I mean it was
huge when I say it was you too
it was long like super long like it just
ended five minutes before the show it
was really really long it was an hour
and twenty minutes or so
it was the third longest State of the
Union address ever recorded it you know
in terms of number of words it wasn't
quite that long but Trump's cadence is
relatively slow it was also quite
successful so the poll numbers show
according to CBS News poll seventy five
percent of Americans thought that this
speech was good seventy five percent of
Americans thought this speech was
unifying fully 43 percent of Democrats
thought the speech was good according to
the the CBS News poll 91 percent favored
what they heard on infrastructure
eighty-one percent said that the
president was uniting the country 75
percent approved through the speech 75
percent favored what they heard on
national security and 72 percent favored
what they heard on immigration that by
any measure is a is a massive success
for the President of the United States
we're gonna go through this because
there are really two aspects to that
three aspects I think to the Trump
speech that are noteworthy one is the
good one is the bad and one is the ugly
okay the good is a lot of what Trump did
here he did some great storytelling
whoever wrote the speech did a great job
of getting sympathetic victims in the
stands everybody does the Ronald Reagan
stick where you get a bunch of people
who sit up there in the rafters and then
you say and there's Bob Bob's the great
American hand for Bob and everybody
collapsed well that's been misused for
years and years Trump did it right last
night we'll talk about all the things
from tonight we'll also talk about the
Democrats response because the Democrats
apparently had superglue attached to
their asses they literally did not get
up for the entire speech I mean even on
things where they agree even on things
like black unemployment is down and
everybody's cheering and then you look
over and the Congressional Black Caucus
is sitting it's like what are you
against black people working what's your
problem
there were times during the speech where
Trump was saying things like we all
stand for the American flag and you look
over all the Democrats you're sitting a
Nancy Pelosi is chewing under dentures
and they're thinking is this really your
strategy so we'll talk about the
Democratic strategy here because it
doesn't make a whole lot of sense they
basically define themselves as the
anti-trump party as opposed to even the
progressive party at this point even
things they agree with they will boycott
if Trump is involved with them and then
there was the the snows the ugly and
then there was the bad the bad was Trump
didn't say word one it really was stuff
Trump didn't say so Trump did not talk
at all about fiscal responsibility in
the speech because Trump is not a
fiscally responsible guy
HM doesn't care about deficits he
doesn't care about debts he's more like
George W Bush than he is like Ronald
Reagan on that score he's certainly more
like either of those than he's like
Calvin Coolidge he's not somebody who
deeply cares about entitlements running
out of control he said this during the
campaign so he's been pretty obvious
about the idea he doesn't mean to tamp
down spending he said in the speech that
Obamacare is basically dead which it
isn't
he suggested in the speech that he
wanted to blow out the spending on
infrastructure to the tune of 1.5
trillion dollars which is not a
conservative policy he said he wanted
paid parental and family leave that is
not a conservative policy either he
didn't say one word about reducing the
federal deficit or the federal debt
that's because that's tough political
stuff and Trump doesn't want to touch
all that stuff so that's the that's the
bad stuff but we'll go through it a
little bit more in detail so last night
Trump walks out and pretty much
everybody stands and claps there there
are some Democrats particularly members
of the CBC who will stand and clap for
Louis Farrakhan but they won't stand and
clap for the elected presidents of the
United States Trump walks out and and he
takes the stage and the first thing he
does is he lays out the fact that he's
had a very good economic first year
here's what he had to say since the
election we have created 2.4 million new
jobs including 200,000 new jobs in
manufacturing alone after years and
years of wage stagnation we are finally
seeing rising wages unemployment claims
have hit a 45 year low african-american
unemployment stands at the lowest rate
ever recorded the Democrats and there
they are right every Democrat is sitting
black people working no Trump's evil and
then Trump continues and he's talking
about the economy a little bit more one
of the things that I think was really
fascinating about what he said here is
he actually makes a case that was not
made during the tax cut debate is why
the polls were bad on the tax cuts if
you look at the actual poll numbers on
the tax cuts the poll numbers suggested
that most Americans thought they were
losing money on the tax cuts which of
course was not true nearly everybody
gets money back thanks to the tax cuts
that's because the Republicans had
failed to actually talk about what the
tax bill would do for the average
American family they're talking about
about what tax cuts do generally Trump
did a good job I think of summing that
up last night typical family of four
making seventy five thousand dollars
will see their tax bill reduced by two
thousand dollars slashing their tax bill
in half in April this will be the last
time you will ever file under the old
and very broken system and millions of
Americans will have more take-home pay
starting next month we eliminated an
especially cruel tax that fell mostly on
Americans making less than $50,000 a
year forcing them to pay tremendous
penalties simply because they couldn't
afford government ordered health plans
we repealed the core of the disastrous
Obamacare the individual mandate is now
gone right so this is all good stuff
that the American people have to hear
because the media have been making a
corrupt an untrue case that tax cuts
hurt the American economy and that
repeal of Obama cares individual mandate
is going to kill millions of Americans
and all the rest of all of this and from
anding forcefully spoke back against
this now the bad side of this is when
Trump says the core of the disastrous
Obama care is gone what that suggests is
he's not gonna do anything else on Obama
care that basically he thinks his work
is done here
that of course is untrue but this is
good stuff from the president and then
the president says something that I
think a lot of Republicans have not been
saying which is when you lower the
corporate tax rate you are going to make
more money and the proof is in the
pudding when we quote when we lower the
corporate tax rate jobs come back to the
United States and not only the jobs come
back you're probably gonna get a raise
so here's what Trump had to say about
that we slashed the business tax rate
from 35% all the way down to 21% so
American companies can compete and win
against anyone else anywhere in the
world these changes alone are estimated
to increase average family income by
more than $4,000 right that last
statistic is the one that Republicans
really should have been focusing on
during the entire tax debate is why is
it that when we lower corporate tax
rates
people's income goes up instead they
focused on the individual
rates dropping they should have been
focusing on the really major change to
the law which was that major reduction
in corporate tax rates and it was a
major reduction in corporate tax rate so
Trump starts off and this is a full 20
minutes on the economy which is exactly
what he should do these if Trump is
gonna win reelection if Republicans are
not going to get shellacked in 2018
there has to be a feeling that the
economy is on the move
and it's on the move because Republicans
have done the right things and the truth
is it is on the move because of that you
know that the economy was already
improving under President Obama
obviously the stock market was up under
President Obama job growth in 2016 was
better than job growth in 2017 by a
couple hundred thousand jobs but the
reason that wages are rising the reason
why businesses are hiring the reason
people feel the sense of optimism is
because there's a sense of trust that
the Republicans and Trump are not going
to clock businesses in the back of the
head there's always the feeling with
Democrats and with Obama that from some
angle he was gonna find a way to hit
businesses because he didn't like
businesses you don't get that feeling
with Trump and that came out last night
okay so I want to talk in a minute about
some of the more dramatic moments of the
Trump speech because there were some
really there there are some moments of
tremendous drama in the Trump speech
will continue going through the State of
the Union in just a second first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
blinka so you are an information addict
it's why you listen to this show we
provide more information than anyone
else in the business but if you love
information you need to supplement your
informational diet even more and that's
what blink astiz for blink is just for
the person who has six meetings a day
and you're only in the car for 15
minutes how you gonna get more
information well the way you're gonna
get more information is through the
bling kissed app so what it does it
boils down best-selling non-fiction
books into what they call blinks these
sort of summaries of the main points of
the book so you can read four books in
an hour right you're in the car for an
hour you get four 15-minute blinks and
suddenly you know the main points of 600
page books over two thousand of the
best-selling non-fiction books
transformed into these powerful packs
you can listen to in just 15 minutes
so you can get through two to three
books a day if you want right blinka
says the special offer just for our
audience go to blinka stay calm slash
Ben right now you start your free trial
you get three months off your yearly
plan when you join today so that's blink
is calm be li NK is T blink astute comm
slash Ben to start your free trial or
again get three months off your yearly
plan blink is calm / Ben really is a
tremendous app everybody I know who's
tried it loves it I use it it's really
great has
books that I've enjoyed like I'm
actually read the entire book and what
do I remember about the book probably
not 15 minutes worth of material because
any time you read a book your brain sort
of sift to what things belonged they do
the work for you over a blanket books
like drive and Rich Dad Poor Dad and how
to start worrying and start Olivia I
mean these are all great books and you
can get them all at blink Escom slash
Ben so check that out and especially
because you get a special discount again
you got a free trial or three months off
your yearly plan when you joined today
okay so back to president Trump's State
of the Union address which went over
like gangbusters so one of the things
that Trump does and he's always talked
about doing this and he actually did it
well last night is he always said that
America needs a cheerleader when people
said what does the president need to do
you say America needs to cheerleader now
listen the president has to do more than
that obviously but one of the things
that I think Trump does have the
capacity to unify on is he does have a
gut level sense of nationalistic
patriotism right the guy does like the
flag he does like the military he does
like the country he doesn't feel bad
about America you always got the sense
from President Obama that he was more
concerned with the flaws in America's
thought in America's thought patterns
and in the American people than in the
glories of them last night Trumpton
spent any time lecturing Americans about
the better angels of their nature about
this is not who we are this kind of
stuff instead President Trump talked
about the wonderful things about it was
a much more optimistic speech than
Obama's this is one of the great things
about how the media has covered this the
media said it was a dark speech this
speech was significantly more optimistic
about the state of the United States and
anything Obama ever said Obama would
always say the state of our union is
strong and then he would proceed to list
off all of the racial problems that we
had in the United States and
discrimination against women and how
America was still a backwards racist
bigoted homophobic country and how we
all had to fix that Trump last night got
up there he said listen
America is pretty awesome it's pretty
awesome and now's the time for you to
make something yourself in this clip for
so Trump really cheerleading America and
of course Democrats hitting this in fact
is our new American moment there has
never been a better time to start living
the American dream so to every citizen
watching at home tonight no matter where
you've been or where you've come from
this is your time if you work hard if
you believe in yourself if you believe
in America then you can dream anything
you can be anything and together we can
achieve absolutely anything okay and
everybody cheers except for the
Democrats right the Democrats won't
cheer for you can achieve anything here
because they hate Trump so much and it
went even further than that so Trump
calls on this young kid Preston who's
sitting in the in the family box for for
Trump speech and this kid apparently has
helped plant helped put down something
like 40,000 American flags on the graves
of fallen service members and Trump says
this and watches the Democrats it young
Patriots like Preston teach all of us
about our civic duty as America
Preston's reverence for those who have
served our nation reminds us of why we
salute our flag why we put our hands on
our hearts for the pledge of allegiance
and why we proudly stand for the
national anthem okay and he looks over
kind of concerned ly at the Democrats as
they sit there the Democrats have
painted themselves into a box this is
the problem with being both
intersectional and anti Trump so the
Democrats have a couple of problems
problem number one is that they've
decided to define their entire the
personnel the personality of their party
they've decided to define that as we
hate Trump that's not enough okay you
can just like Trump that's all well and
good but that's only gonna matter every
four years the real question is do
people have a good sense of your party
do they feel like yours is a party that
cares about the United States and when
you see Democrats sitting when you see
Democrats sitting for we proudly stand
for the national anthem because they
boxed themselves in to this idea that
it's bad to say that we should stand for
the national anthem most Americans don't
buy that most Americans don't like that
most Americans think that that's stupid
right the fact is that the Democrats are
doing this now because they've engaged
in this intersectional politics of hate
in which they suggest that if you're a
member of a minority group in the United
States then you rightly are sitting for
the national anthem or kneeling for the
national anthem I think Democrats could
have taken a middle position the middle
position would have been we like to
stand for the national anthem we think
it's dumb not to stand for the national
anthem but of course you have the right
to disagree and not stand from the
national anthem that's what they should
have said about Colin Kaepernick instead
people including Barack Obama came out
and said
there was a certain heroism to not
standing for the national anthem because
America was so cruel and so terrible
most Americans don't think America is
