dinesh d'souza gets a pardon Samantha B
uses the c-word and Team Obama we now
have a retrospective into what election
night was like for them it's kind of
great I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so we have a lot to get to
today here on the bench Shapiro a lot of
breaking news the presidents of the
United States have been tweeting up a
storm which means that there is a lot of
stuff happening but first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at OU max
three ultra-pure so you've heard a lot
about the grand effect of omega threes
well that is not wrong oh maybe threes
are really good for your health they
alleviate joint pain and muscle soreness
they make you feel your best
particularly post-workout they improve
your focus and your memory they boost
cardiovascular health and more well mx3
ultra-pure is the best form of omega-3
that you can find on the market it's
almost 94% pure omega-3 fatty acids it
is the it is the purest concentration on
the market they have a patented EPA to
DHA ratio of four-to-one
it is specifically engineered for
inflammation and joint pain they have
this thing you don't want you don't
believe me how peer this stuff is it is
soap here that if you put it in the
freezer it comes out clear most Omega
threes you put them in the freezer it
comes out cloudy this stuff is so pure
it comes out just as clear as when you
put it in it is the purest option okay
you're not gonna get any of the fish
burps that you think that you're gonna
get from Omega threes when you try Oh
max calm / appear let's try Oh max calm
/ appear today you get a box of mx3
ultra pure for free that's tri Oh max
calm / capiro get your free box of Oh
max 3 T ry om a XCOM / apparel again try
Oh max calm / Shapiro's try it today
comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee
so even if you don't like it you got a
money-back guarantee
are you plenty of time to try it and
you'll feel the Oh max difference again
try o max calm / appear today and get a
free box of Oh max 3 make Omega 3s part
of your diet a lot to get to hear in the
news today we begin I suppose with the
pardon of Dinesh D'Souza's so the
President of the United States announces
today that he is going to pardons and
ash D'Souza Dinesh of course has been a
guest on the program I'm friendly with
Dinesh so full disclosure on that Dinesh
is was basically railroaded back in back
during the Obama administration who's in
the middle of making an anti-obama
documentary and it was revealed that
Dinesh D'Souza had engaged in the prime
of the process of straw donations so
basically there's a woman in one
who's running for Senate and dinesh
wanted to give $20,000 to her he
couldn't he could only give $5,000 to
her so a bunch of people gave $5,000 to
Wendy long and then tonight refused to
reimburse them right he acknowledged
this in court he pled guilty in court
and he was sentenced to a certain amount
of prison time now the reason that this
isn't just a case of somebody doing
something wrong and going to jail is
because the vast majority of cases like
this end with a fine the vast majority
of cases like this do not end with
actual prosecution to the point where
somebody goes to jail and it seems a
little coincidental that dinesh d'souza
was making anti-obama documentaries just
about the time that the Obama DOJ
decided it was necessary that
dinesh d'souza go to jail what President
Trump responded today by saying that
he's going to pardon Dinesh D'Souza
Dinesh already served his time obviously
yeah here's my generalized opinion on
this I do not believe the president
should have pardon power just not Trump
any president I think it's very silly
that the Constitution has pardon power
for the president that governors have
pardon power I think it's really dumb
specifically because either you believe
the criminal justice system works or you
believe it doesn't and having one guy
who is sort of like a kadhi sitting
under a tree ruling as to whether people
ought to be spared the penalties of
their of their crimes that seems to me
rather dictatorial and menarche it
doesn't have a lot to do with the
balance of powers checks and balances of
a functioning republic I don't like the
power generally but if you're going to
use the power you have to use it very
sparingly and you ought to use the power
in this particular case I would have
thought that it would be more of a
commutation situation so there's a
difference in Parden power between
pardoning someone and commuting their
sentence if you pardoned somebody then
their crime goes away it's off the books
as though they never committed the crime
in the first place if you commute
somebody's sentence then if they were
about to serve time they no longer have
to serve time so right now there's a
serious call to give commutation to this
guy who spent 21 years in prison and
then was allowed out of prison and then
it turns out that the system got it
wrong and he's already rebuilt his life
in they're gonna send him back to prison
there's a strong call by some people
like friends might like Dana Perino that
this guy should have his sentence
commuted I agree with that
he shouldn't be pardoned because he did
commit the crime well in this particular
case Dinesh committed the crime is a
part inappropriate I'm not sure that a
pardon is appropriate I think the
commutation would have been appropriate
but he already served his time here's
where a pardon is appropriate however
Dinesh is no longer allowed to vote
Dinesh obviously can I get loans very
easily
it's hard for me to get credit cards I
think there are certain penalties that
attach to being a felon and Dinesh is a
convicted felon which means that he
couldn't have done any of those things
well Trump is wiping all of that off the
books again so I think the pardon would
have been the best solution here I think
commutation would have if the timing had
been right but do I find this to be a
wild miscarriage of justice I do not
know is it political of course it's
political right Dinesh is non president
of president Trump's side he's been a
very strong advocate for president Trump
if Dinesh D'Souza were on the Left I
don't think they'd be talking pardon
today but this is unfortunately how
pardon power works okay this has been
true for Clinton it was true of Obama
there are a lot of people who receive
Pardons and clemency specifically
because of their politics Chelsea
Manning would still be in prison if it
were not for the fact that Chelsea
Manning is a wild leftist who is
transgender Barack Obama let Chelsea
Manning out of prison specifically
because of those factors so to pretend
that the pardon power has not already
been used for innately political
purposes would be to ignore the truth of
the situation so whoa you hear the left
complaining a lot about the dinesh
pardon today I just I don't buy the
outrage I don't know that it's you know
that the greatest move in the world but
I also don't think that it's it's
unjustified and I think that the idea
that Dinesh never went to jail for this
is insane okay so meanwhile there's
there's some other news from the Trump
administration we are now in the middle
apparently of a trade war so that's
excellent
there's a lot of talk about Trump was
not going to enter into a trade war and
he decided that I guess it was
worthwhile doing so so he is he's
decided to extend tariffs to the EU on a
number of products and those products
include include steel and aluminum
according to the Guardian a full-scale
trade war between Washington and
Brussels is looming after the u.s.
announced it was imposing tariffs on
imported steel and aluminum from the
European Union the president of the
European Commission jean-claude Juncker
promised swift retaliation after the US
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said EU
companies would face a 25% duty on steel
and a 10% duty on aluminum from midnight
on Thursday Europe along with Canada and
Mexico had been granted a temporary
reprieve but Ross and insufficient
progress had been made in talks with
three of America's traditional allies
and so we had we could not reduce
America's trade deficit and the waiver
was being lifted so right now we are
talking about a serious trade war that
could impact the economy it's a bad move
by President Trump the reality is that
tariffs are not good for the economy
all they are is attacks on American
citizens remember when you artificial
boost the price of products that
Americans have to buy that is a de facto
tax on American citizens they can no
longer spend their money where they
choose to spend their money plus a lot
of these companies that are going to end
up being tariffs to actually hire a lot
of people in the United States like half
of a Mercedes Benz is produced in the
United States that plans based in the
United States some of those cars luxury
items will be hit with some of these
tariffs also the president of the United
States has started a trade war with
Mexico
so now Mexico is threatening its own
tariffs against some of America's
products so a lot of American exporters
are very unhappy so today I guess Mexico
has announced that it will put its own
tariffs on products including pork
bellies grapes apples and flat steel
which sounds like some sort of weird
dish but in any case Mexico is going to
be announcing its own trade barriers
none of this is good policy the
president has benefited from a booming
economy and a lot of that is his own
doing a lot of that is Trump's
willingness to get rid of regulations a
lot of that is Trump's willingness to
lower taxes a lot of that is Trump's
willingness to allow the market to
operate freely engaging in trade wars
with some of America's biggest trade
partners is not a way to increase the
effectiveness of American business it's
just it's a counterproductive move I
know that the president has this bizarre
understanding of tariffs he believes
that trade is a zero-sum game and
there's always a winner and a loser
that is not correct and business is
going to suffer because of all of that
it's bad policy however on the other
side of the ledger
I mean we're gonna do some good from bad
form there's some bad form here are some
good from so the President signed what
he called right to try legislation so
right to try legislation has been
considered by conservatives for many
many years basically the FDA it takes
enormous quantities of time and money to
get FDA approval for a drug one of the
reason drugs are so expensive in the
United States is you have to run through
years of FDA approval process he's
before he can bring a drug to market
literally millions and millions of
dollars it takes to actually get to
market well what happens if you're a
terminally ill person and you want to
try an experimental drug well so far the
Democrats have up till now oppose the
idea that you should be allowed to try
those drugs they say the FDA has to
license every product that is used in
the United States but what about people
who are gonna die anyway why exactly
can't they try what they want I mean if
they want to try some snake oil and it
happens to work for them why shouldn't
they be given the option of doing that
that's what the right to try legislation
was so president from signed that right
to try legislation yesterday this is a
very good move
terminally ill patients the right to try
experimental life-saving treatments and
some of these treatments are so
promising but for many years patients
advocates and lawmakers have fought for
this fundamental freedom and as I said
incredibly they couldn't get it and
there were reasons a lot of it was
business a lot of it was pharmaceuticals
a lot of it was insurance a lot of it
was liability I said so you take care of
that stuff and that's what we did today
I'm proud to keep another promise to the
American people as I sign the right to
try legislation into law so there's got
no press yesterday but is a very very
good move by the ax Trump administration
again there's good and there's bad - the
Trump administration but it's foolish to
ignore the good or to ignore the bad
right we have to point out whenever any
of this stuff is happening also it is
worthwhile noting that while the press
continue to suggest that President Trump
and his administration are replete with
people who do not care about human
beings this particular piece of
legislation is obviously an attempt to
alleviate the suffering of an enormous
number of people who are who are stuck
right who have no choice when it comes
to what sort of treatment they wish to
see it's also a good argument for
libertarianism even in areas that the
FDA covers that if somebody wants to try
a drug why shouldn't the able they be
able to try that drug speaking of people
with heart inside the Trump
administration Trump actually had a
pretty good day yesterday in so far as
demonstrating you know a certain amount
of heart and compassion inside the Trump
administration there is this this was
pretty great as he was signing this
right to try legislation there's a
little kid who apparently I believe has
cystic fibrosis is that the case with
this kid I can't remember what his
condition is but this really cute little
kid and he comes to the signing ceremony
and he wants to get a hug from Trump and
it's really cute and you can see the kid
going in for a hug and Trump is busy he
doesn't really notice the kid and he
keeps going in trying to get a hug and
finally they'll see Trump notices it
and in Trump leads over he goes with
high he's very cute very very cute okay
and then that wasn't the only sign of
compassion from the Trump administration
yesterday Sarah Huckabee Sanders was
asked at at White House press conference
about school shootings and you can see
this is not the response of somebody who
doesn't care about dead kids and so many
people who are anti Trump have suggested
I think that as a kid and certainly as a
parent there is nothing that could be
more terrifying for a kid to go to
school and not feel safe so I'm sorry
that you feel that way this
administration takes it seriously and
the school safety commission that the
president convened is meeting this week
again an official meeting to discuss the
best ways forward and how we can do
every single thing within our power to
protect kids in our schools and to make
them feel safe and make their parents
feel good about dropping them off so
clearly it's the administration filled
with heartless cretins you know evil
evil people so this is not to say that
the Trump administration doesn't do
things that I find terrible at times
right or or says things that I find
gross at times I mean obviously I've
been outspoken about all of that and was
talking a little bit about the
president's response to the Rosanne
situation but this this image that is
put out by so many folks on the left
that the Trump administration is just
filled with awful terrible people who
don't care about kids is just stupid in
a second I'm going to show you the
media's response to all of this
yesterday because it truly is
astonishing first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Zeile so there
are some things in life that make you
feel wealthy without having to spend
lots of money zeal is one of those
things you're just sitting at home and
you're thinking I could go make an
appointment at the spa for a massage but
it's gonna cost a lot of money and I
have to wait well instead of doing that
why don't you just check out Zeile Zeile
makes sure that you can get a massage on
demand go to Zeile calm Brazil's iPhone
or Android app that Zeile spelled ze e
Elcom select from top local license
pre-screened massage therapist you can
choose your favorite technique gender
preference time and location for your
massage and Zeile will send one of their
10,000 licensed massage therapists with
a massage table music and supplies to
give you a five-star massage scheduling
booking
payment fast and easy even the tip is
included 7 days a week 365 days a year
as the Oh massage therapist can be at
your door in as little as an hour
they've got privacy convenience quality
comfort I've used zeal for my wife for
my mother for my father for my sister
for my other sister we use it in the
family all the time because zeal is just
that convenient and massages are really
top-notch so to help you get started our
listeners can get 25 bucks off their
first massage right now with promo code
ben @ z ee l it spelled z ee l comm zo
comm promo code ben and right now go to
zeal comm and again you get 25 bucks off
your first in-home massage when you use
that promo code Ben it also lets them
know that we sent you so check it out
really great service at Z old comm okay
so how does the left respond to
everything happening inside the Trump
administration the only way to express
this would be to say in the most vile
and despicable possible way so instead
of dealing with the the issues with the
Trump administration instead of talking
about trade policy for example well
instead of talking about the right to
try legislation well instead of even
talking about the stuff that President
Trump says instead the left has decided
they have to out Trump Trump they have
to go lower than low so remember Hillary
Clinton said when they go low we go high
and it didn't work for her so it seems
like the the left community has decided
that when Republicans go medium they
will go as low as humanly possible case
in point the case in point over the last
24 hours is Samantha B so Samantha B as
I have said has been in a running gun
battle with Trevor Noah
and and Amy Schumer and a bunch of other
leftist comedians for most unfunny human
in the world but I think that she
clearly takes the cake err I've always
been leaning towards Samantha bee I'll
be honest with you in these sweepstakes
I've always thought that Samantha bee
was the front-runner I always thought
that she led by at least a head and it
seems that she has drawn fault like
she's drawn lengthways and now like
Secretariat in the unfunny in the
unfunny horse race
here she is yesterday going after a
vodka Trump Ivanka Trump you'll recall
had the temerity the audacity to tweet
out a picture of herself and one of her
children over the weekend because it was
Memorial Day weekend and the left said
how dare she take a picture with her kid
because there are people being separated
from their kids on the border right now
now as we discussed earlier this week
this critique makes no sense whatsoever
like no sense but that didn't stop
Samantha bee so Samantha bee
says that not only is Ivanka wrong take
that picture she is a bleep Ivanka Trump
who works at the White House chose to
post the second-most oblivious tweet
we've seen this week you know if I go
that's a beautiful photo of you and your
child but let me just say one mother to
another do something about your dad's
immigration practices you feckless so
