so here we are in into Monday lots of
things are happening George papadopolis
Theodora Coppola snuffleupagus has
apparently cut a plea deal with the
special council we'll talk all about it
plus Paul Manafort Trump's former
campaign chairman is probably going to
go to jail and Kevin Spacey gives the
worst defense for allegedly attempting
to rape a child anyone has ever given
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show so much news so little time so
today it's a fun day because i get to
put on my lawyer head when I put on my
lawyer had it means that I'd go through
the full Paul Manafort indictment plus I
go through the special plea deal that
was cut by George Theodoric Apple Apple
ops nephal appleís we're gonna talk all
about that plus of course weíll get to
Kevin Spacey and the media being awful
at everything but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over a texture
so if you are addicted to information
the way that I am if you're constantly
on the go and looking for something to
read that is why you need to subscribe
to texture texture the app gives you
unlimited access to 200 premium
magazines
it has leading titles like time the
Atlantic The New Yorker Vanity Fair and
Wired and right now you can try texture
for free it is better than prints it
delivers unlimited access to over 200
premium magazines again it's going to
it's just great I mean I've gives you
the archives to all of these magazines
instead of you having to pay for a
separate subscription to each you're
paying a low fee to get 200 magazines
access complete access imagine having
all of your favorite magazines and their
back issues anytime anywhere that's what
texture does for a free trial go to
texture comm slash Ben again texture
comm slash Ben and then if you choose to
continue with texture podcast listeners
get texture for just $9.99 a month
that's $9.99 a month which is 30% off
they're listed price again if you
subscribe to like two magazines it's the
same price if you subscribe to 200
magazines you can do all that for $9.99
a month when you go to texture comm
slash Ben and try that free trial again
texture comm slash Ben to try the free
trial today and they're great gift
options available for the holiday season
makes a really good Christmas or
Hanukkah gift or Kwanzaa gift if that's
your thing or to Wally or whatever a
cultural holiday you're celebrating that
gives gifts texture calm is a good one
texture calm / Ben go check it out okay
so I don't know where to start because
there is so much news so we will start
from Paul manna for we'll start with
Paul manna for because this was the
expectation last week so as a recall on
it was announced that the special
counsel was going to drop indictments on
Monday I always love when they leave
cliffhangers at the end of a season it's
really exciting that way so they left
the cliffhanger on Friday who would be
indicted and everybody sort of assumes
it'll be manna for right it's gotta be
manna for because manna fort has been
known to be dirty for years and years
and years he was very very tied in with
the Republican establishment he really
was he was close to the bushes he was
close to the Republican National
Committee he was very close to a lot of
people in Republican halls of power I
know because I had heard of him sort of
in those circles but manna fort had also
been widely known since really 2012 to
sort of be a dirty character who was in
with the Ukrainian government who's
basically doing lobbying work allegedly
on behalf of the Ukrainian government
which is a Russian front puppet state
basically run by Ghana and Viktor
Yanukovych so the allegations in the
indictment the left was hoping that the
indictment would say Paul manna foreign
traded money in the Russians paid him in
order so that he would set up collusion
between the Trump campaign and Russia
this is what the Democrats in the media
wanted they wanted Paul Manafort to be
the go-between for the supposed Russian
collusion that would show that Hillary
Clinton actually won the election except
for those scheming evil rule scenes okay
that's not what the indictment says the
indictment is 12 counts and basically
the entire thing is about how Paul
Manafort is a corrupt creep who was
taking money from this Ukrainian party
that was basically a front group for
Russia and then laundering it it's
pretty much the entire thing there's
nothing at Trump is not mentioned once
in the indictment the Trump campaign is
not mentioned one time in the indictment
virtually all of the bad acts happens in
2014 and before the in 2014 is when
Yanukovych left office so that cut off
sort of the money train for mana Ford
and then apparently he was still fibbing
about it and doing some money laundering
afterward but most of the bad activity
with regard to Russia at least as the
indictment says stops in 2014 so that's
the good news for Trump nothing in the
indictment suggests collusion between
Trump in the Russian government and
that's exactly what the Left wanted it
to say here's the bad news for Trump
metaphor is a crappy pick everyone knew
it at the time when manna fort was
picked people were immediately saying
this guy is probably gonna end up in
jail bad move by President Trump but it
shows you the level of chaos
that sort of predominated in the Trump
campaign in all likelihood somebody just
went to trump and said listen none of
them big campaign managers will work for
you here's this guy who's super
connected you know he has good business
connections Paul Manafort hire him and
so Trump went ahead
and hired him it's probably that simple
and that sort of chaos inside the Trump
administration also in my opinion could
easily explain the George papadopolis
routine that we're going to talk about
in just a little while so to finish up
with manna fort
basically the indictment alleges the
manna fort and Richard Gates the third
his right hands worked his quote
unregistered agents of the government of
Ukraine generated tens of millions of
dollars in income as a result of the
Ukraine work
they then laundered the money through
scores of u.s. and foreign corporations
partnerships and bank accounts manna
Fortin Gates allegedly did not register
as foreign agents which they apparently
were and then manna fort used his hidden
overseas wealth to enjoy a lavish
lifestyle in the United States without
paying taxes on income so basically
they're getting him for all the
financial impropriety it's between in or
around two thousand eight and two
thousand seventeen both dates being
approximate and inclusive according to
the indictment mana for ten gates
devised and intended to devise and
executed an attempted to execute a
scheme and artifice to defraud to obtain
money and property by means of false and
fraudulent pretenses representations and
promises from the United States bank and
other financial institutions allegedly
manna fort wired millions through other
companies for purposes of laundering so
if you saw Ozark basically he was Jason
Bateman and Ozark right essentially he
was just cleaning money except he was
cleaning it for himself apparently he
cleaned about eighteen million dollars
and seventy five million bucks passed
through his bank accounts no a lot of
the press is focused on this charge of
conspiracy against the United States
right in the indictment conspiracy
against the United States is now it
sounds like it's not a treason charge
it's not that he was treason ibly
committing offenses against the United
States to bring down the government or
to skew the election or anything like
that all conspiracy against the United
States means is there was a conspiracy
to break the laws of the United States
its financial charge based on two
frauding the US and covering it up
through alleged obstruction of justice
so the Amana Ford thing is a big nothing
as far as Trump is concerned unless of
course the idea here is to flip manna
fort against Trump right and that may be
the next step here one of the
assumptions here is that manna fort was
going to be tried in a state court so
that from couldn't pardon him the idea
being that then you could try and
leverage him to testify against
President Trump so before all of this
comes down over the weekend President
Trump starts tweeting out and again it
just shows you that Trump would be
better off being quiet and just letting
this stuff play out because if he's
really innocent then that will
be revealed in time and in fact it is
largely being revealed that nothing much
is happening here we'll get to as I say
this other plea deal in just a second
but Trump decides that it was absolutely
necessary to go on Twitter and so he
tweets out never seen such Republican
anger and unity as I have concerning the
lack of investigation on Clinton made
fake dossier now twelve million dollars
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot the
uranium to Russians yield the 33,000
plus deleted emails the Comey fixin so
much more instead they look at phony
Trump Russia dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
collusion which doesn't exist the Dems
are using this terrible and bad for our
country which hunts for evil politics
but the ours the meaning Republicans are
now fighting back like never before
there are so much guilt by Democrats
Clinton and now the facts are pouring
out do something like that's really how
he ends his tweet like all caps do
something so I could not help but
immediately flash the Spaceballs do
something do something I'm not sure what
exactly do something is supposed to mean
or why Trump is saying it he's the
President of the United States if he
wants to if he wants to tell his DOJ to
set up an investigation into Hillary
Clinton and her supposed collusion with
the Russians he can full well do it I
mean he has the power to do that the DOJ
works for him and obviously the DOJ
worked hand in glove with Obama so that
would not be outside his purview Trump
isn't doing that and so this sort of
like broad-stroke do something I just
don't know what that means do something
in all capital letters not useful and
makes Trump look more panicked than he
ought to be given the fact that there
really is no evidence of collusion at
least from the Manafort indictment Susan
Collins who's no ally to Trump right
Republican from Maine she says she's
seen no evidence of collusion I have not
yet seen any definitive evidence of
collusion I've seen lots of evidence
that the Russians were very active in
trying to influence the alleged okay so
again this is not really you know the
the idea that Trump should be panicked
at this point seems to me a little bit
ridiculous okay so that was the piece of
news number one piece of news number two
was this guy that I have been referring
to his name of course is george
papadapolis george papadapolis watching
stuff in a watchin snuffleupagus
with George Stephanopoulos eating
popcorn appleís with taki theodore
accomplice okay in any case I have too
much fun with his name George
papadopolis was a a low-level Trump
foreign policy advisor and he cut a plea
deal this was released at the same time
as the news about about Paul Manafort it
was released by the Muller team so this
one is a little more troubling for
president Trump the reason that it is
more troubling for President Trump is
not because it proves collusion between
Trump and Russia but because it tends
toward the idea that Trump and team
Trump were willing to collude with
Russia in order to do something hey we
already knew that Donald Trump jr.
months ago now released emails showing
that he was warm toward the idea of
receiving information about Hillary
Clinton from the Russian government has
quote part of their effort to aid Trump
in the election right so this is nothing
new but the media are gonna run with in
any way with the media are over reading
the Papadopoulos plea agreement now
number one it's important to note this
is a plea agreement with the FBI and the
reason that the plea agreement with the
FBI matters is presumably this guy is
ready to testify and maybe he's gonna
flip on other members of the campaign so
this one should be more troubling to
Trump because it's more likely to bleed
over into actual elements of the
campaign so I want to go through this
entire statement of offense what they
call statement of the offense which is
basically what Papadopoulos is admitting
to in order to avoid going to jail for a
long period of time so here is what is
excuse me here is what is alleged in
this statement of the offense okay so
the defendant george papadapolis who
served as a foreign policy advisor for
the presidential campaign of Donald J
Trump made material false statements and
material omissions during an interview
with the FBI that took place on January
27th 2017 at the time of the interview
the FBI had an open investigation into
the Russian government's efforts to
interfere in the 2016 presidential
election they accused Papadopoulos of
making material false statements and
material omissions to the FBI basically
what they accused is that so here's what
it says says defendant Papadopoulos
claimed that his interactions with an
overseas professor who defended
Papadopoulos understood to have
substantial connections to Russian
government officials occurred before
defendant Papadopoulos became a foreign
policy adviser to campaign that is not
true he acknowledged that the professor
had told him about the Russians
possessing dirt and then candidate
Hillary Clinton in the form of thousands
of emails but send many times he learned
the information prior to joining the
campaign
this is not true either had been told
that he was going to join the campaign
and in fact had joined the campaign so
then they presents a timeline of events
and I'm gonna go through this timeline
in just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over Red Seal
so does all of this news make you feel
like you could use a massage it makes me
feel like that if you feel like you
could use moments of relaxation amidst
the burning turmoil that is our news
cycle then you need to go over to zeal
download their app you can get a massage
basically on-demand at your house from a
professional licensed masseuse it's
fantastic I've used it my wife has used
it I've used it as a gift for my in-laws
for my parents for my sister you know it
really is tremendous it is the perfect
solution for anyone who wants a high
quality massage you don't want to drive
an hour to get there or wait in line at
a spa or have to make a reservation
instead they come to you they bring the
massage oils in the sense and the table
the whole deal it's just fantastic so go
to zeal comm or their zeal iPhone or
Android app Zeile spelled ze e L and
select from the most top local licensed
and pre-screened massage therapists
choose your favourite technique gender
preference time and location for your
massage seven days a week 365 a year a
zeal massage therapist can be at your
door and as little as an hour and they
have 9000 licensed masseuses we've tried
many of them they are all quite good to
help you get started our listeners can
get twenty five dollars off their first
massage by using the promo code been at
checkout again that's promo code been at
checkout and it gets better when you
sign up for the zeal massage membership
you get 20% off all your massages plus a
free massage table and sheet set which
is a $380 value yours free
there's no initiation fee to join the
membership just a great additional
savings on top of the $25 discount
you're gonna get when you use promo code
Bend so go to ze e Elcom or seals iPhone
or Android app make sure to clip add
promo code at checkout use promo code
Ben you get $25 off your first in-home
on-demand massage it's one of those
things that makes you feel wealthy even
if you are not it's it's a fantastic
service okay so let's go through the
timeline of Papadopoulos and the reason
we're gonna go through this timeline is
what we're going to show here is that
something we already know basically we
knew that there was willingness from
Team Trump to reach out to Russia for
dirt on Hillary Clinton now on the other
side which we'll get to in a second
Hillary Clinton's team apparently the
people who are working with Fusion GPS
were perfectly fine getting information
from the Russians about Trump so there's
a bit of a mirror image going on here
here's the time
so Papadopoulos learns in early March
2016 when it's becoming clear that Trump
is probably gonna win the nomination
that who'd be a foreign policy adviser
for the campaign he was living in London
at the time he then travelled over to
Italy and there he met a professor based
in London I do love how all of these
things are written up so that you don't
actually know who these people are I do
I do like that they call the professor
it sounds like it's Sherlock Sherlock
Holmes stories a Moriarty he meets a
professor based in London Professor
Moriarty seemed uninterested in the
defendant Papadopoulos until he found
out that Papadopoulos worked for the
campaign
at which point suddenly he was very
interested in Papadopoulos and
Papadopoulos was interested in the
professor because the professor claimed
to have substantial connections with
Russian government officials and
Papadopoulos thought that this could
increase his importance as a policy
advisor to the campaign so here is one
of the defense's that trump can use on
Papadopoulos stuff from the very
beginning it's pretty clear that a lot
of people in the Trump campaign knew
that Trump wanted to be warm toward the
Russians to be fair Trump was very clear
about this okay Trump went on the
campaign trail and talked about how he
liked Vladimir Putin and Putin was a
good guy and we've killed people too and
we should have a better relationship
with the Russians would that be the end
of the world it wasn't like Trump was
hiding the ball here he was saying all
this stuff publicly and so just as when
President Obama said wouldn't it be
great if someone cracked down on these
conservative 501 C 3s and then his IRS
wouldn't crack down on the conservative
501 C 3s it is quite possible to believe
that Trump was going out there saying we
should have a warm relationship with the
Russians and also Hillary Clinton is the
devil and a bunch of his lower down
people thought hey we can kill two birds
with one stone if we work with the
Russian government maybe they'll provide
us information on Hillary and we'll be
close with the Russians that'll be
awesome that's just what the boss wants
but it's quite possible that Trump never
instructed anybody to do any of this so
even if it turns out low-level members
of the Trump campaign or high-level
members of the Trump campaign we're
trying to collude it's possible that
doesn't go all the way to the top in
fact as I have been now claiming for a
year and a half I think that's very
unlikely that Trump knew about any sort
of collusion especially because if you
were going to collude with Russia in
