Alexandra Ocasio Cortez responds to my
invitation to discuss and debate it
doesn't go well president Trump
announced his sprint is fourth and we'll
check the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
well it's busy day yesterday we have a
lot to get to today so we'll jump right
into it in just a second first I wanna
remind you that you need to be
constantly updating your resume you need
to be constantly adding new skills to
your package of skills that you can then
market to your employers and that is why
there is skill share skill share is an
online learning platform with over
20,000 classes in business design
technology and more you can take classes
and everything from illustration to data
science from mobile photography to
creative writing you name it they've got
experts teaching it to you these are 45
minute classes taught by people who know
what they are doing whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set or start a side hustle or just
explore a new passion that's what skills
share is there to do we here at the
office of taking a bunch of Skillshare
classes I've taken ones in social media
marketing and watercolors believe it or
not they've got classes on legitimately
everything and they are taught by people
who really know what they are doing go
check it out right now join the millions
of students are already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for my listeners get two months of
skills share for just 99 cents that's
right skill share is offering Ben
Shapiro show listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 20,000 classes
for just 99 cents to sign up go to
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro again that
skill shared comm slash Shapiro to start
your two months right now that skill
shared comm slash apparel go check it
out right now it's the best way in the
really on the Internet to make your
skill set better skills share calm use
that slash up hero and get two months
for just 99 cents okay so as you know
over the last couple of days I've been
offering Alexandra Ocasio quartz has the
Democratic darling the future of the
Democratic Party according to Tom Perez
the media hits media sensation I've
offered her to come on the Sunday
special and have a one-hour discussion I
offered to have a debate with her I
offered to give $10,000 to her campaign
obviously that was somewhat facetious
considering that I think was what the
election limit like 7,500 bucks
something like that in any case I'm not
looking to violate the law I also
offered to give that money to charity or
to raise money to charity and she didn't
respond which is her prerogative she
doesn't have to respond I mean that's
that's her thing fine
yeah and she had essentially called
Allie Stuckey and a bunch of
conservatives cowards for not wanting to
have discussions with her and instead
creating satire of her so I figured okay
we'll open her an open forum for her to
come on the sunday special and all
legitimate ly have anyone from the left
on the Sunday special one of the
funniest things about this is that
effort after I offered Ocasio Cortes to
come on the show a bunch of leftists who
are
pretty prominent start emailing me
saying well why don't you invite me and
it's like okay fine that's great
like I'd prefer to have more people on
the Sunday special with whom I can have
intelligent conversations from the left
like let's talk about Norway let's talk
about Denmark let's talk about socialism
let's talk about what socialist and what
isn't let's do all those things I don't
care like that's that's what I thought
this whole debate this whole area of
American life was supposed to be about I
enjoy those conversations well Alexandre
Ocasio Cortez took this the wrong way
she took this the wrong way and instead
here is what she tweeted out in response
to my invitation quote just like cat
calling I don't owe her response to
unsolicited requests from men with bad
intentions and also like cat calling for
some reason they feel entitled to one
well and feel entitled to response you
don't have to respond we can write about
it if you don't respond considering that
you've called bunch of people on the
right cowards for not supposedly taking
on your ideas but I'm very confused as
to what cat calling is like in Queens I
just want to like hone in on this for
just a second how does this go in Queens
is this really like construction worker
in Queens like hey girl let's have a one
hour conversation on trade policy
deficits and fiscal responsibility in
Nordic nations baby come on come on
downtown public conversation and I'll
give you ten thousand dollars to your
favorite charity if we can have a public
debate on why neo-marxist thought lacks
as compared to the Vienna School of
Economics hmm that's how it goes in
Queens catcalling is real weird in
Queens got to tell you but I do love the
fact that her in like there's so many
responses she could have given that are
better than this I mean not to advise
her political team but there are a lot
of things you could have done here you
could have just said nah not interested
or you know what you're not running for
office I'm not gonna debate with
somebody who's not running for office or
you know they're better interviews that
I can do that reach out to my core
constituency they're they're like a
thousand better responses then this is
just like catcalling also have you met
me have you seen me do I seem like the
kind of guy who catcalls ladies I'm in
Orthodox Jew who was a virgin until I
was married I've never catcalled anyone
in any context ever legitimately my cat
calls to my wife involve me like
yesterday I can't called my
I will admit I can't call my wife
yesterday we were driving and we happen
to be next to each other in our cars and
she rolled down her window and I
whistled at her she took it she took
deep offense at this we are now getting
divorced because of cat calling but like
what like this is this is what cat
calling is now so I do love the fact
that the entire left resonated to this
so the entire left decided that she is a
heroine for playing victim for having
someone request a discussion or debate
with her and again the discussions we do
on the Sunday special the reason I
offered either a discussion or a debate
is because these are two separate things
right we can have a full-on moderated
debate like I did with Chang tiger we
can have a full-on moderated debate like
I've done multiple times all across the
country with various people on the other
side or we can have an open discussion
which I've also done right we had Sam
Harris who's a who's in militant atheist
I disagree with him on a lot of things
we had him on for an hour we at Eric
Weinstein on Eric is a dude who is of
the left when it comes to economics
right I'm on for a full hour and just
discuss this stuff I'm fully willing to
go back and forth so if she just wanted
to come on and have like a cordial
conversation that was unmoderated and i
would just ask her questions and let her
talk that's what the sunday special is
so i offered both empathy in the entire
left responded as though I had done
something deeply deeply wrong and how
dare I offer to give money to a charity
or to our campaign in order to
incentivize her to have a conversation
about economics it's just like cat
calling it's just like sexism it is
amazing how fast they runs their
intersectional cubbyholes when things
get a little bit a little bit dicey oh
well he must be doing that because she's
a woman are you kidding me how many
times on this program have I suggested
that I would debate Bernie Sanders
anywhere anytime I've done it so many
times I can't even tell you right like
I'm said I would like to debate
Elizabeth Warren I said I would like to
debate Bernie Sanders I've said I would
like to debate Alexander Ocasio cortes
I'm happily willing to discuss with a
variety of folks who are on the other
side of the aisle like and this is I've
always been like this right I just enjoy
doing this stuff hey I got a law-school
recommendation when I was at Harvard
I got a law school recommendation from
Melania Guinier Lani Guinier was one of
my press professors there she is a
socialist she's a Green Party socialist
Lani Guinier is so far to the left when
Bill Clinton tried to appoint her under
Sepp
pterri of labour in his administration a
Democratic Senate turned her down she's
that far to the left the differences
lani actually likes talking about issues
professor Guinier had a good time with
me in the class but apparently this is
forbidden now if you ask anybody who
doesn't want a debate to debate and it
happens to be a woman then it's it's
sexist cat calling again cat calling is
real weird
over in Queens I just I don't understand
it also I like the fact that she puts
all this emphasis on he's a man with bad
intentions what what are my bad
intentions exactly to make you look dumb
well only you can make you look dumb
okay really only you we can do it live
only you can make yourself look bad in a
political debate plus it wouldn't matter
anyway let's be real about this if she
didn't abate with me the entire left
would declare she won no matter what she
did it doesn't matter anyway
okay but I'm a man with bad intentions
first of all how dare she assume my
gender second of all like really I have
bad intentions yes the yes
the cleanest cut guy when it comes to
sexual relations in all of human history
yeah I yes that that clearly you've
nailed it you've nailed it so here is my
response on Twitter so I responded this
way discussion and debate are not bad
intentions slandering someone as a
sexist cat caller without reason or
evidence does demonstrate both cowardice
and bad intent however which seems mild
to me it seems like a mild response and
then I followed that up with this it but
sure go with the Orthodox Jew who has
never cat called a woman in his life
he's actually a sexist cat caller for
asking for a discussion or debate I'm
sure your media stick offense will eat
it up and eat it up they did because the
crown must be protected protect
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez from her own
incapacity to actually hold the
conversation with somebody on the other
side she can barely hold the
conversation apparently with Chris Cuomo
I mean she literally suggested a day and
a half ago that Medicare would pay for
people's funerals or something and she
was unable to answer a basic question
Matt how she pay for her jinan pod save
America so I'm I can't say I'm supremely
surprised about all of this but the left
attempt to defend her is truly
astonishing
so Vox is writing something about this
and there I'm the bad guy right for
having requested the debate or the
discussion I'm the bad guy
and obviously I'm the bad guy because I
offer $10,000 in violation of campaign
finance law yeah guys that's
I'm gonna go to jail to debate Alexander
Ocasio Cortez that's my thing I'm
desperate to give above the legal limit
to a Democratic Socialist or
alternatively I just named a figure that
was at the top of my head without
thinking about campaign finance law you
decide which one you decide I'll also
note it's it's just it's so funny i
explicit again I explicitly offered her
to come on a discussion it's type for
him order to do a public debate type for
him and this is the worst thing in the
world and folks on the Left were like
why would you possibly offer her that
because I offer everyone that okay
somebody from Vox wrote me and they were
like why would you offer that I don't
know because I've offered as reclined to
come on the show right the head of Vox
I've offered Jane Koston with whom I am
friends and who is very much on the left
when it comes to a wide variety of
issues she's sort of libertarian on
social issues but she's mortal and some
economic issues but she's sort of more
to the left she's a left-leaning
libertarian I think would be fair to say
I've offered her to come on the show
right I don't care I like having people
who don't share my viewpoint so that we
can at least clarify what we think about
various issues and offer data to support
those various positions why would and
they're asking like why would you invite
her she's just a candidate from Queens
Yeah right guys that's I'm inviting her
because I invite every candidate from
Queens I invited her because you called
her the future of your party I invited
her because you're the ones who
suggested that she was the wave of the
Democratic Party she was gonna be the
new leader in the Democratic Party
I didn't appoint her you did that makes
her a prominent figure in American
politics on the cover of magazines for
winning 17,000 votes in a primary you
elevated her so is it weird that I would
want to have her on look I wouldn't want
to have on some obscure senator from
Vermont either except the Democrats
decided to make him a thought leader
after him spending his entire life doing
nothing abuse the only reason I wanted
to make Bernie Sanders is because you
guys made him famous so it's all it's
all very very weird she's also never had
a cross partisan discussion which I
thought might be useful but apparently
we are not we're not going to do that so
that's that's just spectacular
again the intersectional response is
pretty amazing I'll show you how the
media responded to all of this in just a
second because it is perfectly
predictable perfectly predictable but
first let's talk about your impending
death the fact is you're gonna plot when
you do plots you want to make sure that
your funeral is actually paid for not by
Medicare you want to make sure that your
family actually
has the money than it needs if God
forbid something should happen to you
and that's why you need policy genius
life insurance is really important it's
also pretty confusing which is why four
out of ten people don't have it probably
or at least possibly you're one of those
people but if anything were to happen
you need a life insurance policy and the
best place to work through that whole
situation is policy genius.com it's the
easy way to compare life insurance
online in just five minutes you can
compare quotes from the top insurers to
find the best policy for you and when
you compare quotes you save money it is
indeed that simple policy genius has
helped over 4 million people shop for
insurance they placed over 20 billion
dollars in coverage and they don't just
make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and renter's insurance and health
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it so if you've been putting off
getting life insurance there's no reason
to put it off any longer go to policy
genius com get some quotes apply in
minutes it's that easy you could do it
right now and you should because rates
are their lowest in 20 years policy
genius it's the easy way to compare and
buy life insurance go check it out
policy genius.com okay so here's how the
media responded to this suggestion that
I am some how analogous to a sexist
catcaller by the way isn't that sort of
demeaning to women who have actually
bends catcalled in sexist fashion like a
woman who gets whistled on the street or
some guy says something vulgar her on
the street that's the same thing as
somebody saying why don't we have a
moderated debate or a discussion about
the basic principles of economics
exactly the same single Jeep here who
legitimately has his head so far up his
took us that he can now see his colon he
tweeted out a OC that'd be Alexandra
Ocasio Curtis is really good at
responding to bad faith right-wing
rhetoric it's something I hope other
Dems can learn from ok I just like to
point out this term bad faith so folks
on the Left if they don't want to do
something they immediately just throw
out that term bad faith as those
sincerity is a measure of quality as
though if you are really sincere about
something it means more than if it's bad
faith so in other words they said this
about Sarah's young they said the people
who are upset about Sarah's young they
were upset about her in bad faith you
know as opposed to when people are truly
upset about say Kevin Williamson that
wasn't bad faith opposition to Kevin
Williamson
that was sincere opposition to Kevin
Williamson but all the people pointing
out the double standard that was bad
faith okay it's pretty easy to sling
around accusations like bad faith and
throw intent into the mix here's my rule
about to mate
if you cannot win on the facts you went
on the intent
right and this is what the left does so
frequently and I find it highly
irritating highly annoying the
suggestion is that it is a bad faith
effort to have a discussion if you just
don't want a debate because if you
assume that my intents are good my
intention is good then you might have to
treat me like a human being right this
is exactly what happened with the mark
Duplass scenario that director actor who
tweeted out that I was a good person or
a nice guy who had good intentions right
and the entire left went nuts because I
can't have good intentions I'm a bad guy
so this is how the left responds to this
they have to somehow defend the idiocy
of suggesting that a debate invitation
is now the same thing as cat calling so
it's that my I have bad faith Margaret
Sullavan who's the media columnist for
The Washington Post sweet out preach
Ocasio Cortes Ocasio 2018 preach
she's the media columnist for The
Washington Post encouraging a politician
to turn down an interview with the media
member because she likes the politician
she's the media columnist encouraging
this somehow I highly highly doubt that
where the politics reversed Margaret
Sullavan would be saying preach that if
for example Schenk Uyghur or somebody on
MSNBC right Chris Hayes invited on Sarah
Palin and Sarah Palin said this is just
like cat calling I really really doubt
that Margaret Sullavan would be saying
preach it just preach it and there's Dan
Errol who's just a socialist dolt he
says also a good rule not to debate
fascists just destroy them what is that
supposed to mean like first of all I'm
the fascist you know the guy who calls
for almost zero government intervention
and anything I'm the fascist but you
shouldn't debate them you shouldn't have
a conversation
the genius Don Moynihan is another one
of these folks he's a writer for some
obscure publication he says the debate
is officially over and we have a winner
oh good so just shouting sexist at the
ceiling is makes you a winner that's
that's terrific
that's terrific so as I suggested
shouting sexist at the moon and when you
all sorts of accolades on the left and
this is why the left is a giant fail
this is why the radical left that has
been sucked into intersectionality
they're failing with the American people
they're failing what the American people
specifically because they won't even
have conversations if I'm outside the
