president from toaster rally and the
media are very very upset about it a new
poll shows Republicans don't actually
mind Russian election interference and a
federal judge tries to ban 3d gun
printing we'll talk about all of it i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
so many things to get to today I just
have to you know pay tribute to the fact
that the daily wire is a company
celebrating our third anniversary
yesterday so that's pretty exciting
stuff no one in the audience actually
cares but I care so that means you care
now well now that you know that little
facts I'm gonna teach you something else
okay if you need stamps there's no
reason you ought to go to the post
office it doesn't matter how much you
love the post office means you're gonna
spend gas money and you have to go to
the post office and wait in line
listen post office is great but what is
better is being at your desk printing
out the stamps that you need on to your
envelope or on to a sticker or sticking
into the envelope you're ready to go
it's just great that's what Samsung does
for you with stamps calm you can access
all the amazing services of the post
office directly from your desk 24/7 when
it's convenient for you you can buy and
print official US postage for any letter
any package using your own computer and
printer the mail carrier just picks it
up you click print mail you're done we
here use stamps calm at the office at
the Daily wire offices our three-year
old offices we use it at my at my house
that we we have a scale that was given
to us by stamps calm it allows us to
actually use exact postage every single
time and right now you too can get all
of these services use Shapiro for this
special offer fifty five bucks a free
postage a digital scale and a four week
trial all you have to do is go to stamps
calm and before you do anything else you
click on the radio microphone at the top
of the homepage and you type in Shapiro
again go to stamps comm a radio
microphone top the home page type in
Shapiro you have 55 bucks free postage
digital scale in a four week trial
stamps compro moco cheap hero to let
them know that we sent you terrific
service alrighty so president Trump did
another one of his patented rallies last
night and it got pretty rowdy because
President Trump's rallies are always
rowdy now what's weird to me is that the
media are so deeply concerned over this
if they were so deeply concerned over
president Trump's rallies maybe they
should have stopped covering them
soup-to-nuts when he was doing them in
the middle of the election cycle but
Trump loves these things he's a guy who
plays to the crowd if you've ever seen
president from speak in person this is
somebody who really is a performer and
as somebody who like I used to perform
regularly not just in terms of you know
doing my speaking in front of an
audience but I used to actually perform
I was a classical violinist used to
perform in front of audiences and you
know when the audience's into it when
the audience isn't into a President
Trump he's really good at this he is a
performer and so he knows when the
audience is into it when they're not and
so he does these rallies they are very
rowdy and they're very excited
and the media went nuts yesterday they
were very very upset about this and I'm
at a loss to explain quite why brian
schatz
who is a senator from Nevada he tweeted
out we have no equivalent to the Dark
Carnival that is a Trump rally
this is not a thing on the left we just
argue about health care and climate and
sometimes relitigate 2016 but we are not
actually out of our minds
it's a Dark Carnival over at the Trump
rally I just like to point out to Brian
Schatz that history did not start
yesterday there was this weird syndrome
on the left that suddenly all history
began with Donald Trump so yesterday we
talked about LeBron James saying that
Trump has politicized sports ignoring
the fact that sports has been
politicized for years and years and
years and years and that the
politicization of our culture and our
sports that's one of the reasons why
Trump has been so successful because
Trump is a counterpunch to all of that
politicization well the same thing is
true when it comes to the quote unquote
Dark Carnival of Trump rallies hey I'm
old enough to remember in 2011 after
Paul Wellstone who is a senator in from
Minnesota after he died in a plane crash
I'm old enough to remember when
Democrats led in actual rally at Paul
wellstones funeral I mean it's like this
is a thing that actually happened
[Applause]
[Music]
this election
will you stand up and keep fighting for
social and economic justice say yes
and as dr. over 2002 that was it a
funeral for Paul Wellstone it was a
funeral memorial for Paul Wellstone but
don't worry
only trump has been involved in the Dark
Carnival of rallies again those all the
way back in 2002 they're a bunch of
Republicans sitting in the audience who
just went there to pay tribute at the
memorial and I remember all these people
getting up there and shouting about how
Republicans were the worst thing ever at
this at this event in memoriam for a
senator who died in a plane crash and of
course we saw this happen at in Tucson
after the Gabby Giffords shooting
you remember that President Obama
traveled down to Tucson where he did a
full-on anti-gun rally like a pep rally
against guns in which he and everybody
else tore into the gun culture in the
United States and prompted actual
mainstream media discussions as to
whether this was a memorial service for
those who had died in the Tucson
shooting or whether it in fact wasn't a
pep rally here's you know folks in the
mainstream media talking about at the
time is back in 2011 chip let me ask you
was what was the White House expecting
and when they had the speech in their
hands walked into the venue did they
know it was going to have this mix of
you know memorial and pep rally I think
they probably figured it out when the
president walked in and there was a
scream that went up like I've never
heard before it really was extraordinary
because I think like Roger I and Robert
Gibbs said today he - were expecting a
much more solemn occasion okay and the
crowd was going nuts I remember this it
was it was a big story at the timing
members of the mainstream media we're
talking about whether this was
appropriate in 2011 Torrey it's the Dark
Carnival of trumpism there's been no
other Dark Carnival you know when I need
600 police officers to escort me into
Berkeley that's not a Dark Carnival in
any way when an Tifa is breaking apart
actual Trump rallies when people are
showing up and punching people in Trump
hats when Maxine Waters an actual
sitting Congress person is encouraging
people to be confronted in parking lots
of gas stations that's not anything dark
that's just how Democrats do politics
you know they're cordial and they're
civil that's just that's how they are
but these Republicans that really talk
Occupy Wall Street I'm old enough to
remember when people were occupying
parts and rape was actually happening at
occasional events of Occupy and I'm old
enough to remember at the Trump
inauguration when people from Antigua
where we're throwing gas canisters and
breaking cars but don't worry nothing
dark has ever happened in Paulo
up till now it's one of the great
irritants to me is when people are just
ignorant of history not just ignorant of
history but willfully blind to stuff
that happened legitimately about five
minutes ago in the great timeline of
American politics when you see this
yesterday from the media as well so Jim
Acosta was at this Trump rally yesterday
and there are a bunch of people who were
mocking Jim Acosta and mocking CNN he
was very upset about it
[Music]
[Applause]
and if you can't see this there are
people who are flipping off Jim Acosta
flipping off CNN having a good time and
of booing CNN and Jim Acosta then
tweeted out just a sample of the sad
scene we faced at the Trump rally in
Tampa I'm very worried that the
hostility whipped up by Trump and some
in conservative media will result in
somebody getting hurt
we should not treat our fellow Americans
this way the press is not the enemy I
sort of agree with the idea that we
shouldn't treat our fellow Americans
this way but I do have a question which
is the same media who apparently didn't
care at all when Trump supporters were
legitimately being beaten up outside
rallies in San Jose who didn't care when
a Trump rally was getting shut down by
protesters in Chicago who didn't who
barely covered for like a week the
actual shooting of Congress people of
Republican Congress people at a softball
game in Northern Virginia who don't care
when Charles Murray is run off campus at
physical risk and a leftist professor
actually ends up concussed maybe who
under cover all of this stuff but then
when it's the media then it's the end of
the world and specifically when it's the
left media it's the end of the world
when when the Family Research Council is
shot up by a guy who read the Southern
Poverty Leadership Council they're their
hate map and decided to target the the
FRC that's not a huge story when the
media decide what to cover and what not
to cover and then the only thing they
seem to care about covering is
themselves you can't be all that
surprised when people are upset now
that's not an excuse for treating people
badly I don't think it's an excuse for
standing there and shouting at Jim
Acosta and first of all I think you're
helping Jim Acosta when you do this it
allows Jim Acosta to play victim it
allows Jim Acosta to pretend that he is
some sort of Braveheart character
standing out there amidst the slings and
arrows it allows Jim Acosta to posture
which is his favorite thing to do Jim
Acosta loves Jim Acosta so much that I
assume when you go to his apartment Jim
Acosta actually has life-size cutouts of
Jim Acosta just all-around right there's
like one standing at the fridge and then
there's one at the bathroom holding his
razor for him
Jim Acosta loves him some Jim Acosta you
are actually benefiting Jim Acosta when
you do this sort of thing but let's
let's be real about this media
pretending that this is something new in
American politics and that they have not
contributed to this climate is just
insane remember CNN held a full-scale
gun-control rally
complete with shaming rituals directed
at the NRA and Marco Rubio just a few
months ago after the power
shootings we talked about it at the time
and included a reporter who I think is
very often good Jake Tapper right Jake
was who was doing the interviews and it
turned into this pathetic ritual where a
bunch of people would get up and and
suggest that Marco Rubio was equivalent
to a mass shooter in a in a public high
school and we're supposed to believe now
that everything that's happening is new
the demonization in politics is new the
mistreatment of media members is new
that rallying at inappropriate events is
new first of all this was a trump rally
okay like what did you expect Trump's
rallies have been like this from the
very beginning they've always been rowdy
nothing has changed I've been critical
of the rowdiness of some of trumps
rallies for a very long time but the the
media's pretend ignorance about all of
this is really kind of going and that's
what people are reacting to and then
people wonder Oh what people in media
why do they why do they dislike us so
much we're just scare covering the facts
we're just here reporting why do they
dislike us so much well maybe it's
because you pose yourselves as the
conscience of America versus the rest of
America
nobody likes a schoolmarm nobody likes a
nanny and and and nobody likes an
insulting me any more than anything else
mark Caputo is a reporter at Politico he
actually tweeted this out in response to
Jim Acosta if you put everyone's mouth
together in this video you'd get a full
set of teeth yes I'm sure that is going
to really ramp down the rhetoric here
I'm sure that is really going to make
sure that everybody treats each other
with a certain level of civility and
decency that we have not yet found in
American politics and there all these
polls showing people don't trust the
media one of the reasons people don't
trust the media is because the people
believe that the media are self-serving
institution a lot of Trump supporters
believe the President Trump is fighting
for them one of the reasons they believe
the President Trump is fighting for them
and not for himself is because he
expresses sympathy for a lot of these
folks he doesn't call them bitter
clingers he doesn't suggest they're a
bunch of losers he'll say things like we
are the elites he expresses the
frustration of a lot of people in the
middle of the country particularly who
have felt culturally dispossessed by the
elites on the coast by the elitists I
should say on the coast for a very long
time
Trump expresses that particularly well
because Trump as a human being has a
certain level of insecurity that drives
him to feel like he's a guy outside the
party constantly he's had this for
decades and that resonates well with a
lot of people who felt like they had
been forcibly expelled from the party by
the cultural arbiters of decent
see by the folks like Jim Acosta and so
when Trump rallies those folks there's a
certain level of warmth to him but
there's not that same level of warmth to
the media the media who treat themselves
as a sort of cased apart they are sort
of cleek they're their clique of people
who are special and beyond you there are
geniuses arbiters of what is good and
bad in the United States as opposed to
just fat tellers and truth tellers in
just a second I want to talk a little
bit more about that and the proof of
that first I want to talk to you about
this fantastic new podcast okay so I
loved the movie Jaws I think jaws is one
of the best movies ever made I'm an
addict to this movie actually I used to
watch it when I was on the treadmill
jaws great great movie well now if you
are curious about the behind the scenes
and drawers there's a fantastic new
podcast out it's called inside jaws it
is written and hosted by Mark Ramsey the
man behind inside cycle and inside the
Exorcist inside jaws takes on an
immersive journey through the making of
1975's pulse-pounding hit film jaws the
first ever summer blockbuster you'll
follow one of the prolific filmmakers in
history Steven Spielberg from the making
of his first eight-millimeter Western
his young Boy Scout to the rocky
production and groundbreaking release of
a movie that changed the film industry
forever and instills a healthy fear of
the water and millions of people around
the world to this day it really is an
awesome film and one of the great things
about draws is that you barely see the
shark when you do see the shark it's
great but you barely see it the whole
time it really is the model for how a
horror film should be made jaws again
Robert Shaw's performance and try one of
my favorite performances ever it's just
terrific and Roy Scheider go check out
all of the inside scoop all you have to
do to hear the first two episodes right
now is subscribe to inside jaws on an
apple podcast or by heading over to
wondering m / inside jaws or you can
listen the first four episodes ad-free
by signing up for one during plus at one
recom slash plus that's wo n de ry comm
/ plus-1 dree comm / + go subscribe to
inside jaws today it's just fantastic if
you love that inside Hollywood stuff
it's really really good and the movie of
course is great so go check it out it's
again called the inside drawers and you
can subscribe it laundry FM / inside
drawers ok so you know the media
treating themselves as a sort of special
group of people is one of the great
eared since I think to the American
people you see it every time there's
talk about First Amendment rights by the
media now I am almost a First Amendment
absolutist I'm about as close to a First
Amendment absolutist as you can get I've
gotten more libertarian on the First
Amendment Oh
over the course of my career just
because I fear the government
intervention in the First Amendment
sphere which we'll talk about in just a
little while there's a new case in which
the government looks to be cracking down
on the First Amendment in order to crack
down on the Second Amendment but the
media treat the First Amendment as
though it is a special preserve of
members of the media so when there's an
attempt to shut down people from
speaking at public universities then the
media treat it as though this is an
actual debate we ought to be having but
when there are members of the media who
are restricted from asking a question to
the President of the United States it's
the end of the world they are not
principled in their actual pursuit of
First Amendment rights the same media
that will that will champion the idea
that there should be restrictions on
quote/unquote hate speech will tell you
about how the media are a special
preserve of people and the freedom of
the press is our key freedom well the
freedom of the press was not a the idea
by some on the left is that you have to
be an accredited journalists to really
experience freedom of the press that's
not what freedom of the press meant the
same thing is true when it comes to
these sort of violent nasty rhetoric
we've been seeing in our politics the
media don't seem to mind so much when
it's targeted gun gun control opponents
when it's targeted at Second Amendment
advocates when it's targeted at social
conservatives when it's targeted at
religious bakers then they don't care so
much when there's all this ire and anger
and ginning up of outrage directed at
the people they don't like but as soon
as it's directed at the media themselves
then all of a sudden they get very very
touchy about this stuff very very
quickly then they say oh well now now I
feel like we're on the verge of a civil
war
now remember Jim Acosta is tweeting this
stuff out well the same media was
downplaying just a few weeks ago when a
Fox News reporter said that she couldn't
even report from the steps of the
Supreme Court because she was fearful of
the reaction of a bunch of lefties to
the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh so she
wouldn't go out there and report because
she felt like she was being threatened
the media said well you know that's
that's just I mean we were out there and
it was fine we were out there there was
no problem but when a CNN reporter gets
tossed out of the briefing room wrongly
in my opinion by the White House then
all of a sudden it's why aren't Fox News
do I learn two people on the right
defending us people on the right should
defend you and you know what you should
do you should defend the First Amendment
