president Trump kills the Iran zeal the
West Virginia primary ends Dan
Blankenship's wild hopes and Michael
Cohen could be even more hot water i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
well out a lot a lot a lot of news
breaking yesterday and today and we'll
go through all that first however I want
to say thanks to our sponsor is over at
filter by so when's the last time you
checked the filters in your central air
system
I know sexy stuff now you go home and
you think man what I could really go for
right now is check in my air filters but
here's the problem if you don't you
could not only be breathing a bunch of
gunk you could also be destroying your
HVAC system which could lead to
thousands of dollars in repairs so stop
procrastinating and visit my friends a
filter by America's leading provider of
HVAC filters for home and small
businesses they carry over 600 different
filter sizes even custom ones all
shipped free within 24 hours they're
manufactured right here in the United
States we use them here at the daily
wear offices we use them at the shapiro
household as well filter by offers a
multitude of em e RV options all the way
up to hospital grade so check your
system specifications so you can pick
the right option maximize efficiency and
elevate the quality of the air that you
breathe in they also have an auto
delivery system and that means that you
never need to think about air filters
again so instead he's sitting around and
musing about air filters you just order
them and then they show up when they're
supposed to they show up at your house
and you save 5% so save money save time
and breathe better with filter by com
that's filter bu why.com again filter by
dot-com there's a reason we use it here
at the office there's a reason that I
use it my house filter by dot-com go
check it out right now
okay so the big news from yesterday is
that President Trump has now revoked the
Iran deal and this of course was
supposed to end the world all of human
life would be ended by President Trump
pulling out of one of the crappier deals
of all time we'll go through the Obama
teams wild dismay at all of this I mean
the the crying the sobbing could be
heard for miles around from President
Obama's house in Georgetown and you know
my left is tears tumblr just started
filling up right to the top magically it
just started filling up because of the
leftist years that were happening
because of President Trump revoking the
Iran deal a strong move by President
Trump a correct move by President Trump
here was President Trump what it looked
like yesterday what it sounded like when
he was revoking the Iran deal not only
does the deal fail to halt Iran's
nuclear ambitions but it also fails to
address the regime's development of
ballistic missiles that could deliver
nuclear warheads the Iran deal is
defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen in just a short
period of time the world's leading state
sponsor of Terror
will be on the cusp of acquiring the
world's most dangerous weapons therefore
I am announcing today that the United
States will withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal okay so here's the reason
why this is great okay what President
Trump is basically doing is he's saying
listen Iran you can have a nuclear
program or hopes aspirations toward a
nuclear program or you can have an
economy you cannot have both because
what this effectively is going to do is
to snapback sanctions now it's possible
Congress may have to pass new sanctions
but that will happen Congress will pass
new sanctions against Iran already
foreign companies that do business with
Iran are being put in the crosshairs of
the u.s. of the US financial system the
companies like Boeing that have just
signed major contracts with Iran those
contracts are gonna have to be revoked
as well they should be Iran has been
using billions of dollars provided to
them by the United States in order to
pursue terrorism around the world Iran
has been using all that money to build
up its nuclear program there their
missile program more specifically the
nuclear program has sort of been on hold
but they've maintained all of their
technology and they were just going to
relaunch that as soon as the deadline
was up which was going to happen in 2025
anyway so Iran has been they built up
the military I believe 40 percent since
the Iran deal all despite a a massive
decline in their economy well which goes
to show that these were not a bunch of
moderates the lie that we were sold by
the Obama administration is that there
were a bunch of moderates in Iran and if
we could just reach out to those
moderates in the Iranian administration
and if we could give them something like
money if we could just give them money
then maybe they would be emboldened to
make friends with us maybe they would
become friendly maybe they would stop
everything they've been doing with this
nuclear program and this is the lie that
the Obama administration sold it was a
lie it Ben Rhodes admitted as much he
admitted there are no moderates in the
Iranian administration Hassan rouhani is
not a moderate and the fact that the
Obama administration lied about it
allowed the deal to go through
well Oh bomb atoll a bunch of lies about
this yesterday he was very upset because
his Cygnet foreign policy achievement
really his only foreign policy
achievement was this Iran deal and here
is what he said he said the reality is
clear the jcpoa is working that is a
view shared by our European allies
independent experts and the current US
Secretary of Defense the jcpoa that's
the joint joint coalition agreement is
it America's interest in a significantly
rolled back Iran's nuclear program it
has not significantly rolled back around
nuclear program all that has done is put
it on hold briefly while Iran takes all
of that money and builds up all of their
other capabilities Obama made sure that
the Iran deal did not include
restrictions on funding of terrorism or
development of ballistic missile
technology those are the two
technologies that one hooked up to the
bomb boom you have a nuclear weapon and
at least two delivery mechanisms
ballistic missiles and terrorist groups
funded by Iran
Obama then added that some of the
countries of Europe have signed on to
the deal in the belief that the Iranians
can be trusted quote walking away from
the jcpoa turns our back on America's
closest allies an agreement that our
country's leading diplomats scientists
and intelligence professionals
negotiated okay first of all no one
liked the deal when it was signed the
polls showed Americans did not like the
Iran deal when it was signed he could
not get a majority of Congress to
approve his deal this was not a treaty
because he could not get 60 senators to
approve of the jcpoa as for the notion
that the Iran ziyal is abandonment turns
our back on American allies that's kind
of weird because it seems like all of
our allies in the region like our actual
allies in the region are pretty excited
that we're walking away from the deal
here for example it's been through Ben
Netanyahu the Prime Minister of Israel
here is his response to the announcement
Israel fully supports president Trump's
bold decision today to reject the
disastrous nuclear deal with the
terrorist regime in Tehran Israel has
opposed the nuclear deal from the start
because we said that rather than
blocking Iran's path to a bomb the deal
actually paves Iran's path to an entire
arsenal of nuclear bombs and this within
a few years time okay and this of course
is exactly true by the way it's not just
Israel who supports Trump's move here
Saudi Arabia supports Trump's moved here
the UAE supports
Trump's move here Egypt will support
Trump's move here Jordan will support
from smoove here Obama built in
anti-iranian alliance because he was so
Pro Ron this was the unintended
consequence of Obama's foreign policy
from 2007 on Barack Obama was pursuing a
foreign policy he wanted a foreign
policy that made around a regional power
this caused Saudi Arabia and Egypt and
Jordan to look at Israel and say we
might need to make common cause with the
Jews in order to fight off the Iranians
and that's exactly what has happened
hey Obama is still out there defending
the deal of course he says that the
agreement was an agreement between my
administration and the Iranian
government and look at all these other
countries who are mad well how about the
fact that this was an agreement that was
not approved by Congress in the first
place again a free D must be approved by
two-thirds of the Senate okay it is not
something that can be done just because
the president of the United States signs
a piece of paper which is the reason
that Trump could simply come out and rip
up the piece of paper in the first place
hey Obama also argued that the jcpoa had
worked in rolling back Iran's nuclear
program that is not true in the
slightest David Albright is the
president founder of the Institute for
Science and International Security he
told Bloomberg after Israeli
intelligence retrieved a warehouse full
of documents related to the Iranian
nuclear program quote the most
significant thing is that this is a
warehouse collection intended to be used
later for reconstitution they could have
destroyed those documents but these were
being carefully protected and hidden
with the intention to read intention to
reuse them when they launched their
weapons program in other words Iran is
already looking at the possibility of
ramping up their nuclear program and as
soon as this deal was killed as soon as
Trump said the deal was over the
Iranians immediately responded by
suggesting that they were going to
restart their nuclear program and also
fun more terrorism so that sort of gives
the light of the idea these were a bunch
of moderates who had been emboldened by
Trump if they're really moderates if
they're really moderates then what you
would have expected is that Trump kills
the deal they say oh well that's that's
really terrible you know I really think
that we should get rid of our nuclear
program anyway because we're moderate
let's reach out to the Obama
administration to the Trump
administration rather and let's try to
cut a new deal with the Trump
administration and said they said nope
you know what gonna ramp that nuclear
program right back up here was their
actual response because it's clip 13
there's their actual response of Iranian
members of parliament which is a shadow
Parliament doesn't really exist anyway
burning a US flag on the floor of the
Iranian parliament and chanting death to
America in Farsi
and what you're watching here what
you're hearing is the sound of them
trying to use a lighter to light wagon
than they are chanting death to America
the entire Parliament chanting death to
America okay so number one has been Tom
annex points out their garbage with
lighters they just don't know how they
work apparently and then in the Iranian
parliament but second of all these were
the moderates right these are these are
the people in Parliament these were the
people that Obama supposedly wanted to
elevate to power pretty amazing pretty
amazing so you know again these these
are the folks that we were supposed to
trust with all this but Obama thinks
that they are trustworthy he thinks
they're great he says that Iran is
complying with the agreement he says
that the US intelligence community has
continued to find that Iran is meeting
its responsibilities under the deal
again the point being that the deal
itself was so fatally flawed that Iran
could fund Hezbollah around confront
commas around confront al Qaeda Iran
could develop intercontinental ballistic
missiles none of that would have
violated the deal because Obama signed a
garbage deal because Obama was a garbage
president hey finally Obama argues that
the jcpoa does not expire here's here's
just a lie he says the prohibition on
Iran ever obtaining a nuclear weapon is
permanent some of the most important and
intrusive inspections codified by the
jcpoa are permanent even as some
provisions in the jcpoa do become less
strict time this won't happen until 10
15 20 25 years into the deal yeah except
that that's a complete lie everybody
knows that as soon as this deal is up in
ten years which really means in eight
years at this point
Iran was going to rush to build a
nuclear weapon and again they say that
that's exactly what they're going to do
right now it's not just Barack Obama
making these idiotic claims it's also
members of his administration the pod
Taylor the pod saved Tehran crowd is
very upset about all of this all the
people over at positive America I've
invited people from positive America on
this program before by the way they're
not interested well I'm not surprised um
but it's not just it's not just Obama
it's all of his former lackeys who are
very very upset about the cement the
power tweeted she's the former UN
Ambassador she tweeted quote I will
never forget the dark cloud that hung
over the White House in the years Iran
was advancing nuclear program and Obama
was briefed on all the risks of using
military force trump has demolished
America's credibility and paved the way
for Iran to restart its nuclear program
first of all there's this really weird
nostalgia that Samantha power is talking
about where you know there was a dark
and terrible time when Iran was a threat
to the world and then then came the Iran
deal and Iran
you'll solved all the problems okay
let's be real about this for a second
Samantha power as a person who wrote a
book it made her famous all about why
the US could not stand idly by during
genocides
she then presided over Syrian policy
that resulted in the slaughter of half a
million human beings in Syria and she
strengthened the regime that backed the
Syrian regime namely the Iranian regime
so oh how terrible those dead those dark
days when Tehran was a threat around the
silhouette to the world
Iran's been more of a threat to the
world since the jcpoa and they were
before the jcpoa Iran has increased its
development of ballistic missile
technology they've increased their
funding of terrorism they've increased
their military budget they've continued
to back Assad they've taken over Lebanon
they've pushed Hamas into prominence
again they've pushed in Yemen Iranian
Iranian backed parties into power and
yet Samantha power thinks that Trump is
the real problem here then there's Ben
Rhodes the former Obama national
security aide he tweeted quote
one tragicomic element of trumps
presidency is the more he tries to tear
down Obama's legacy the bigger he makes
Obama look first of all Ben Rhodes a
former fiction writer who wrote fiction
on the Iran deal I mean he's the one who
went out and admitted to the American
public that he lied over and over and
over about the Iran deal that so had
Obama talking about moderates in Iran
and a second underplay you the inspiring
words of John Kerry whose face is in a
stage of full-on collapse it's like um
as a former friend of mine used to say
his face looks like it's a mudslide in
the Hollywood Hills well we'll get the
latest from John Kerry in just a second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at wink so if you are a
backer of the Iran deal you need a drink
right now and if you're not a backer of
the Iran deal you also need a drink
right now because hey you know you could
use a drink
pop one open well that's what wink is
for wink WINZ is a great resource they
make enjoying downtime a lot easier
because they make it easy to discover
great wine winks wine experts selected
wines matched your taste personalized
for you shipped right to your door and
starting just 13 bucks a bottle there's
nothing like coming home to a box of
delicious wink wine selected for you it
is the best day of your month people
around the office we had a taste test
here at the office
suffice it to say our employees were
very happy that day fill out Winx palate
profile quiz answer simple questions
that your average store clerk would not
ask or translate into a recommendation
questions like how do you take a coffee
and how do you feel about blueberries
and then they recommend a wine just for
you this is also great if you have to go
to a party and bring a wine and you
don't know the difference between wine
and kool-aid well wint can make sure
that you bring the
a bottle of wine to that party and every
month there are new delicious wines they
have an insanely popular summer water
rose a right now no membership fees you
can skip any month you can cancel
anytime and shipping is covered and if
you don't like about all they send you
they will replace it with a bottle that
you do love no questions asked so
discover great wine today go to try wink
calm / Bend that's t ry winc calm / man
you get 20 bucks off your first shipment
that's try winked calm / man to get 20
bucks off your first shipment again it's
try winked calm / Ben go check it out
he's that / badness they know that we
sent you ok so John Kerry who had been
spending the last couple of weeks
running around the globe trying to gin
up support for this garbage deal he was
very upset yesterday and here he was
ripping into president from John Kerry
reporting for duty what the president
has done by withdrawing unilaterally is
placed the United States in breach of
this agreement he has literally taken a
situation where there was no crisis and
created crisis by transferring to Iran
sanctions that were meant with respect
to the nuclear agreement itself that
what the president has done is
unilaterally broken a multilateral
agreement that was working to prevent a
trance of crap Secretary of State mean
he's just a terrible Secretary of State
Trump had every right to do this you
know why because you and your garbage
administration decided to push this
agreement through without the approval
of the American public or the Congress
end of story
ok Congress has final say on treaties
you decided to go it alone and guess
what that's how it works if you sign the
Executive Order Trump can reverse that
executive order and if you sign an
agreement without the permission of
Congress then Trump can revoke that too
and that's exactly what Trump did
yesterday so good for Trump good for
Trump and John Kerry Bella is one of the
worst secretaries of state in American
history just really an awful Secretary
of State look at the breakdown on the
global stage of America's credibility
Trump restored that credibility
yesterday even finish that credibility
didn't hurt that credibility he helped
restore that credibility in the first
place the reason he helped restore that
credibility is very simple America's
credibility was shot
we had lied to our own people in order
