when you impact this idea of human
intellect you'll find that what's
highest in us namely our capacity for
thought survives the death of the body
[Music]
so we are here on today's Sunday special
with Edward fazer he's the author of a
book called 5 proofs of the existence of
gods we're gonna make him prove god to
us in just a second but first let's talk
about your public Wi-Fi whether you're
in a cafe or a hotel we often rely on
public Wi-Fi to use the internet on the
go but something as simple as paying
your bills online from a Starbucks can
leave your data exposed a hacker can
easily intercept your information
stealing passwords credit card numbers
personal details it's not just hackers
either they're government agencies like
the NSA that monitored the entire
Internet
you never know what's happening with
that information so what can you do to
defend yourself well the software I use
to protect my online activity from spies
and data thieves is expressvpn
expressvpn has easy to use apps they
were unseemly in the background of my
computer phone and tablet expressvpn
secures and anonymizes your internet
browsing by encrypting your data and
hiding your public IP address using
expressvpn I can safely surf on public
Wi-Fi without being snooped on having my
personal data stolen for the best
protection I recommend using expressvpn
every single time you go online and it's
pretty inexpensive it just cost about
seven bucks a month and comes with a
30-day money-back guarantee so you have
nothing to lose to take back your
internet privacy today and find out how
you can get three months for free go to
expressvpn comm slash Ben that's expr
ESS VPN comm slash been for three months
free with that 1-year package get
expressvpn and secure your internet now
alright so we are here as I say with
Edward fazer
and this is his book five proofs of the
existence of God it's not his only book
he's written a bevy of them professor
Fraser thanks so much for stopping by I
really appreciate here so let's talk a
little bit about what brought you to
this point in your life because your
story is not quite you grew up a
religious person and then just start
writing about religion that's that's
kind of my story but you came at this
from a very different perspective
writing about Aristotle and Aquinas how
did you get from where you work as an
atheist you're the player you're writing
about religion for a living basically
yeah well I you know I was brought up
Catholic and I fell away from the church
when I was a teenager and by the time I
got early to my college years I became
an atheist I was an atheist for about
ten years roughly the decade of the
1990s and during the last part
of my decade as an atheist I was a
graduate student I was given courses to
teach while a grad student introduction
to philosophy courses I got a chance to
teach a philosophy religion course and
so you want to teach students material
that they're gonna be interested in
especially since a lot of these kids
will never take another philosophy
course so you don't want to focus on
topics that are too technical and
abstract you want to focus on topics
that anybody would be interested in
whether or not they're interested in
philosophy so I thought well looking at
the arguments for God's existence would
be a good topic to go with so I did that
but it got boring teaching them the way
that they're so often Todd which is
basically lying the arguments up and you
trot out some of the stock objections
and then conclude that the arguments are
really kind of silly in Lane why would
anybody believe this let's move on to
something else it was boring so I
thought well I I wanted to make it
interesting to the students make it
understandable to them why anybody would
ever have believed these arguments in
the first place and turned into a real
philosophical debate so that got me that
was one of several things that got me to
revisit the arguments and to and to go
back into the literature and to read
what Aquinas had actually said and what
Leibniz had actually said and what
Aristotle had actually said and what
their contemporary defenders were saying
so that I could understand the arguments
better as a way of presenting them in
the classroom so he had a real horse
race there even though I ended up always
out ended up you know at the end of the
of this section concluding the arguments
didn't work at least I could make it a
real debate as time went on I got deeper
into the arguments I started to see
gradually that well first of all a lot
of the objections that were trotted out
I realized were aimed at caricatures
they were aimed at straw men they
weren't really attacking what Aquinas or
liveness or whoever had actually said so
that well that's interesting right and
graduate went from that to thinking well
actually so these arguments aren't as
bad as they are usually presented as
being and as I always I always taken
them to be I went from that to thinking
as time went on this took this occurred
over the course of a few years during
the late 90s to thinking well actually
these arguments are kind of interesting
philosophically interesting they raised
some interesting puzzles and offer some
answers gradually that morphed in turn
into the idea that you know these
arguments are actually kind of
challenging they're very serious
arguments and eventually I concluded you
know what these arguments were right all
along and I had been wrong and that took
several years for that to happen but it
was basically in the course of teach
other people the arguments and trying to
get them to understand them and what you
know when I when I went through my
education as a philosopher in graduate
school we were always taught something
that philosophy departments hammer-on I
think it's a very good lesson always try
to see what could be said for an idea
even though you might disagree with it
try to get yourself into the mind of
someone who thinks different than you do
and doing that actually led me to change
my mind on this particular topic so what
led you to atheism in the first place
what was it that made you drop away from
the church basically it's it's it's a
common story where you start to study
philosophy and especially if you're
coming at it from a religious point of
view or at least a point of view that
takes the existence of God and other
religious ideas for granted and then you
encounter skeptical writers like
Nietzsche or David Hume or Bertrand
Russell or someone like that you're very
impressed by that because you hadn't
heard it before you didn't realize there
were people who are presenting these
objections so you're very impressed by
it you're usually a teenager anyway so
you're open to hearing the language of
rebellion you're open to hearing the
idea that what your parents taught you
in with society takes for granted is all
wrong
so I would say that was part of the
attraction that I was hearing that stuff
for the first time it was exciting it
was different I was drawn to it for that
reason it also happened to be a very
prominent attitude very prevalent
attitude in academic philosophy today
that the traditional arguments are no
good so you kind of go along with that
as well academic philosophers are not
always as independent as they'd like to
think they are as far as critical
thinking is concerned they often are
quite willing to go along with whatever
the consensus of the profession might
happen to be so your book has five
proofs of the existence of God and I
want to go through some of them with you
because I think that you know like as
you say most people when they think
about God they think about you know
whatever their parents told them about
when they were kids and they haven't
really taken a serious look at okay why
would people think God exists other than
my parents think God exists and I like
beautiful sunsets so what is the actual
philosophical grounding for the idea
that there might in fact be a God so
which of these proofs is your favorite
and if you could explicate it for us
that'd be that'd be great yeah probably
my favorite is the first one in the book
which I labeled the Aristotelian proof
and as you can guess from that label
that goes back to Aristotle and it is
important to emphasize as I do in the
book none of these arguments I put for
in the book are new they're not original
with me the formulations I give the way
I present them might be
might be novel but the basic idea the
basic nerve of each proof goes back in
in most cases centuries even millennia
case of Aristotle's argument at least
2300 years if not more cos you even see
an earlier version of that in Plato so
if you want me to present you know a
simplified version the argument so
basically the Aristotelian argument
starts from the fact that change occurs
right so you know the the water in the
cup here started out being really cold
and it came from the fridge and now it's
kind of lukewarm right that would be an
example of change or I move my hand
through space and so for that's an
example of change Aristotle argues that
on analysis change always involves the
actualization of a potential something
going from potential to actual my hands
potentially over there now it's actually
over there waters potentially lukewarm
then it becomes actually lukewarm and he
develops this idea in response to a
couple ancient Greek philosophers named
Parmenides and Zeno who deny that change
was possible so he presents this
argument of what change is as a way to
answer them but it also forms the
starting point of his argument for for
God for what he calls an unmoved mover
the prime unmoved mover of the world
because the idea is that well if change
involves going for potential to actual
we have to ask how does that ever happen
and his answer is that something can go
from potential to actual only if there's
already something there that's actual
that makes that happen so to make that a
little more concrete my hands actually
right here it's potentially to the left
right and for that for actually to
become to the left right there has to be
something already actual that makes that
happen the firing of the nerves in my
nervous system that causes the muscles
to flex so Aristotle proceeds to the
conclusion that well whenever something
goes for potential to actual there's
always something already actual that
makes that happen and if that already
actual thing goes for potential to
actual there's something already actual
making that happen so we've got one
thing being changed by another being
changed by another or one thing being
actualized by another being actualized
by another and so forth and crucial step
in this argument the most fundamental
way in which this is true for Aristotle
has to do with series of changers or
causes that extend not backward in time
into the past but downward here and now
you might say so my hand moves here and
now because the motor neurons are firing
here and now and those motor neurons are
firing here and now because they're
other neurons firing here and now and
that's only possible because my nervous
system is held
place you might say by its molecular
structure and so forth so we have one
level of reality here and now actualized
by another actualize by another and
Aristotle concludes that we would have a
vicious regress if there weren't
something at the bottom level you might
say that actualizes everything else
without having to be actualized because
it's already as he puts it purely actual
it's moving other things or changing
other things without itself being moved
or changed it's a what I call in the
book a purely actual actual Iser or an
unchanging changer or an unmoving mover
and if there weren't such a thing
operating here and now not not just
something that knocks down the first
domino back at the Big Bang but here and
now then there wouldn't be changed going
on here and now that's the basic idea of
the argument okay and what makes that
thing God per se right what can it just
be a thing well what else it all the
things that we think of that right as
well the next stage of the argument you
see an Aristotle and in later
Aristotelian like Thomas Aquinas
is to start unpacking what something
would have to be like in order to fit
this description of being an unmoved
mover a purely actual actualize er to
use my more technical language and one
of the things they say is well look I
mean if change involves going from
potential to actual and this cause of
things is purely actual it's got no
potential it's already as it were fully
actual then it can't be capable of
change it's not susceptible of change
it's an unchanging changer but if it's
unchanging then it must be outside of
time in space because things that are in
time and space are susceptible of change
they're capable of changing so if it's
not capable of changing it must be
outside of time and space material
things physical things are also always
changeable in theory they're always made
up of parts for example that can be
rearranged so if it's not changeable it
must not be a material thing either
furthermore anytime we see any sort of
power you might say manifest in the
world like the way I have the power to
pick this cup up or the way that an
earthquake has the power to knock a bowl
door down a hill or what have you that
always involves the actualization of a
potential so if we work back to
something that actualizes every
potential about being actualized that
means it's the source of the exercise of
every power that exists in the worlds
the source of all power activity which
case it must be all-powerful so we get
attributes divine attributes or
characteristics like being outside time
in space
being immaterial being all-powerful and
so forth and you go down the list some
of them the reasoning is a little more
complicated but you can argue that in
God there must be something like
intellect or thought something like will
or choice so you get the whole battery
of divine attributes that characterize
God has traditionally conceived in both
philosophy and in the monotheistic
religions so that there are two
objections that I've seen leverage
particularly at this argument one
objection is why couldn't there just be
a vicious regress well what's the
problem with efficient regress okay so
it just keeps going back and back and
back and back and there's no actual
unmoved mover it's just a series of
things that are contingent on one
another why couldn't that actually be a
possibility yeah well if you posit that
if you if you suppose that there's no
beginning to the series that there's no
bottom level that better way to put it
in my view um then you don't really have
an explanation of what you started out
with you just keep deferring the
explanation it's like an endless series
of IOUs that's never backed by actual
money the idea being that if there
weren't something that could actualize
everything else or move everything else
without itself being moved then you
wouldn't have the the the motion or
change that you started out trying to
explain the movement of the hand or the
water grown lukewarm or whatever it
might be and this is this is this idea
that why don't we just postulate that
there's no explanation at all is
something we would never consider in any
other context in chemistry class you
know if there's some explosion because
you mix two chemicals together that
professor told you just not to goof
around he wouldn't take seriously for a
moment if he said what who did that if
you said well there's no explanation
just happen right nobody would take that
seriously in the context of science in
the context of everyday life the only
place where people start trying to take
seriously or pretend to take seriously
the idea that there aren't really any
explanations is when they're confronted
with an argument for God's existence and
suddenly they say there's well maybe we
just throw up our hands and say there is
no explanation but there's cognitive
dissonance there because they wouldn't
say that in any other context they
couldn't coherently say that in any
other context if you push forward
consistently that basic idea the things
must have explanations you're gonna be
led unavoidably to the existence of an
unmoved mover or on cause cause and that
argument you're making about the
sufficiency of reason actually is a
separate argument that you have in the
book you can make it a separate argument
as I do in the book right there the kind
of principle of sufficient reason as you
mentioned this Leibniz argument
I guess yeah essentially if there's a
reason for everything then there has to
be kind of a core reason yeah is that is
that that's a pretty weak way of putting
it but that's sort of these the essence
of the argument yeah so live missus
argument and I label it in the book the
rationalist argument because liveness is
one of the best-known philosophers
classified as a rationalist in history
of philosophy but he's not the only one
who presents this sort of argument it it
argues for God's existence in a way that
avoids the kind of reasoning about the
nature of cause-and-effect or reason
about the nature of physical object or
any of these other starting points that
some of the other arguments begin with
it just starts with the idea of
explanation it starts with what is
called the principle of sufficient
reason the idea that for anything that
exists any fact about it any event that
occurs there must be some reason
sufficient or adequate to explain why it
exists why it occurred in just the way
it did rather than some other way and so
forth now Leibniz would argue that this
is a bedrock principle of human
rationality
it's presupposed in all scientific
inquiry it's presuppose in all
philosophical investigations including
atheistic ones and as I argue in the
book if you try to deny it you're
ultimately led into incoherence so it's
really no coherent way to deny it
whether you're an atheist or or a theist
okay but if you take that starting point
seriously the idea that things have
explanations they're intelligible they
can be made sense of then you're
unavoidably going to be led live it's
argues to the existence of God
understood as a necessary being and so
he moves to this distinction between
what he calls a necessary versus a
contingent thing a contingent thing is
something that it exists but it didn't
have to it could have been different
so we exist but had my parents never met
I wouldn't be here had your parents
never met you wouldn't be here and so
forth this situation this interview
exists but had you never invited me I
wouldn't wouldn't have occurred and so
forth so all these things are contingent
upon other things and as long as we're
locked in the realm of contingent things
things that could have been otherwise
Leibniz argues we don't have an ultimate
explanation
the ultimate explanation of why anything
