Rachel Dolezal gets herself in trouble
again plus we discuss president Trump's
pullout from the North Korean summit and
we talk to Memorial Day this is the Ben
Shapiro show well it is a day on which
we celebrate the Valor of our soldiers
of our of our service people all over
the world
and I want to start the show today by
talking a little bit about some things
you may not know about Memorial Day now
this is from history calm so this
information is I think really useful and
relevant and pretty cool actually
because most folks don't really know all
that much about Memorial Day I will
admit that I didn't until fairly
recently some of the stuff is really
neat so did you know that
Memorial Day one of the first Memorial
did one of the first commemorations of a
Memorial Day was organized by recently
freed slaves so according to history
calm as the Civil War neared its end
thousands of Union soldiers held as
prisoners of war were herded into a
series of hastily assembled camps in
Charleston South Carolina conditions at
one camp a former racetrack near the
city Citadel were so bad that more than
two hundred and fifty prisoners died
from disease or exposure and were buried
in a mass grave behind the tracks at
grandstand actually this is one of the
great untold stories of the Civil War is
the differing prison camps that were
held by the north and the south there's
a very good book about one of those
prison camps that was those in the South
that ended up with thousands of people
dying in just horrific conditions people
being held outdoors without tents I mean
just horrendous stuff three weeks after
the Confederate surrender an unusual
procession entered the former camp on
May 1st 1865 more than 1,000 recently
freed slaves accompanied by regiments of
US Colored Troops including the
Massachusetts 54th infantry and a
handful of white Charlestonians gather
in the camp to consecrate a new proper
burial site for the Union dead the group
sang hymns it gave readings and
distributed flowers around the cemetery
which they dedicated to the martyrs of
the racecourse the racecourse of course
being the place where they had held this
awful awful prison kemon brutality the
Civil War really cannot be overstated
and this is why it's so frustrating when
people overlook the legacy of the
literally hundreds of thousands of
American troops who gave their lives to
end the evil of slavery within American
borders it's an amazing thing and to
overlook that and to pretend that
Americans made no sacrifices on this
score is just to be historically
ignorant now doesn't mean all the
problems got solved obviously 1865 but
America so
elders have spent their lives in their
blood they've spent their days their
years you know upholding America's first
freedoms and those freedoms are deeply
important to the cause of freedom in the
world obviously obviously thanks
soldiers who are stationed around the
globe right now I'm sure listening to
the sound of my voice we have lots of
members of the military who listen to
the show thank God for them and thank
them for listening
holidays founder was a guy named General
John Logan he was commander in chief of
the Union veterans group known as the
Grand Army of the Republic and he issued
a decree on that May 30th 1868 should
become a nationwide day of commemoration
for more than six hundred twenty
thousand soldiers killed in the recently
ended civil war on declaration day as
Logan dubbed it Americans should lay
flowers and decorate the graves of the
war dead whose bodies now lie in almost
every city village and Hamlet churchyard
in the land according to legend Logan
chose May 30th because it was a rare day
that didn't fall on the anniversary of a
Civil War battle because there were so
many Civil War battles some historians
think that the date was selected to
ensure that flowers across the country
would be in full full bloom according to
history calm after the war Logan who
served as US congressman before
resigning to join the army returned to
politics and he eventually served in
both the House and the Senate he ran for
vice-president in 1884 unsuccessfully
and his body was laid in states at the
US Capitol he was just one of 33 people
to have received the honor
apparently he adapted the idea from
earlier events in the south because in
April 1886 the ladies Memorial
Association of Columbus Georgia resolved
to commemorate the fallen once a year
which was the decision that seemed to
have influenced Logan to follow suit
according to his own wife but
commemorations were rarely held on one
standard day they were sort of held on a
variety of days it didn't actually
become a federal holiday until 1971
because declarations day is what it was
called the first year more than 27
States held some sort of ceremony with
more than 5,000 people in attendance at
a ceremony and Arlington National
Cemetery by 1890 every former State of
the Union had adopted it as an official
holiday but for more than 50 years the
holiday was used to commemorate those
killed just in the Civil War not in any
other American conflict and then after
World War one it was it expanded out to
include those killed in all wars
Memorial Day obviously as opposed to
Veterans Day which is about everybody
who served Memorial Day specifically
about people who gave their lives in
order to preserve the freedom of the
Union so I think I find this stuff
fascinating according to
street comm although the term Memorial
Tate was used beginning in the 1880s the
holiday was officially known as
declaration it for more than a century
and then it was changed by federal law
as you mentioned well four years later
the uniform Monday holiday Act of 1968
finally went into effect in a move
Memorial Day from its observance on May
30th regardless of the day of the week
to set it for the last Monday in May a
lot of veterans groups were concerned
that a lot of people saw it as a long
weekend as opposed to a day to pay
tribute to our fallen soldiers for more
than 20 years their cause was championed
by Senator Daniel Inouye who recently
died in 2012 he had reintroduce
legislation to set it any day in the
middle of the week you wouldn't just
been on a Monday it wouldn't been
another a long weekend it would have
been a time when we all stand and pay
tribute to fallen soldiers honestly I'm
in favor of that I think that we should
move it to whatever day May 30th is we
should move it back to its original date
said it doesn't just become another day
that you have off and you take it off
for a long weekend yes we can enjoy
Memorial Day but obviously we should
have half our brain more than half our
brain I'm the reason that we are
spending that day barbecuing as opposed
to working and we should all you know
try to do something for a soldier that
day or a soldier's family that's a in
Israel they do this right in Israel they
actually stop all traffic in the country
at a particular time on the fallen
soldiers day in Israel and they place
they play air-raid sirens all across the
country people literally stop their cars
on the freeway get out of their cars and
stand there until the air-raid siren is
over we should have something like that
in the United States as well despite the
increasing celebration of the holidays
of summer right of passage there are
still some formal rituals on the books
the American flag is supposed to be hung
at half-staff until noon on Memorial Day
and then raised to the top of the staff
and since 2000 when the US Congress
passed legislation all Americans are
encouraged to pause for national moments
of remembrance at 3 p.m. local time
so that should actually be formalized we
should have whatever noise it is sirens
whatever it is to ensure that at 3:00
p.m. everybody stops what they are doing
the federal government has also used the
holiday to honor non veterans the
Lincoln Memorial was dedicated on
Memorial Day in 1922 the Indy 500 has
become its own Memorial Day tradition
obviously the reason that I think it's
important to remember all of this is
because we live in a country when there
are very few unifying symbols there very
few unifying things that bring us
together we fight about everything with
each other all the time we seem to
really
like each other in a lot of ways but
this is one where we should all come
together and it's unfortunate that
during the 1960's a lot of the
patriotism surrounding our fallen
soldiers was lost during the 1960's
soldiers who are coming back from
Vietnam were treated really terribly
even now there's this weird idea on the
left that soldiers are either heroes or
victims and that if a soldier goes off
to serve in a foreign land and dies
heroically that soldier was somehow a
victim of the government that sends him
over there in the first place we haven't
violence here army now I've always found
this idea really insulting these
soldiers are making a sacrifice and the
sacrifice that they are making they're
doing with full knowledge of what it is
they are getting into that's what makes
the sacrifice worth worth making that's
what makes the sacrifice so incredible
and making more of a sacrifice than I
have and making more of a sacrifice than
virtually anyone in my generation has
mean the number of people in my
generation joining the military is still
extraordinarily low they're doing
something I did not do they're doing
something I did not have the bravery and
the courage and the decency to do that's
an amazing thing and to rob them of the
volition of that choice by suggesting
that when American soldiers die they die
in vain or that when American soldiers
die they are victims of the evil
American corporate hierarchy and the
evil American government these are
independent minded people who are making
the most altruistic decision they can
which is to take their own lives and put
them on the line for us
to rob them of that volition is to rob
them of what makes their lives
meaningful in the first place it's also
a great time to remember that for all of
the leftists talk about how America has
been a terrible force in the world how
America is responsible for slavery and
imperialism and colonialism wherever
American troops have set their boots the
world is a better place wherever
American troops have kept their boots
the world is certainly a better place
hey if you don't believe me just look at
a rock and there's a lot of talk about
how Iraq is a worse place because we
intervene no Iraq is a worse place
because we pulled out when American
troops entered Iraq Ameri Iraq was run
by the Saddam Hussein dictatorship where
women were being forcibly imprisoned and
raped and tortured by Saddam Hussein's
sons
it was a hellhole he was gassing his own
people the Kurds and when we went in we
broke a lot of stuff and a lot of people
died and that is awful but there is no
question that the place got a lot worse
when America pulled out hey we're
American troops set their boots things
get better which is why still the vast
majority of oppressed people
planet Earth if they could would look to
the arrival of the American flag in
their land as a as an opportunity to cut
back repression and to fight repression
as opposed to imperialism colonialism
look at these evil Americans and all the
rest again the reality is that America
has freed Europe but not once but twice
America has freed about has freed the
world of the Soviet Menace okay that is
due to the sacrifice of American
soldiers our history is long and
glorious with regards to our military
interventions and that is certainly true
including wars like Vietnam which was
not a war fought for American imperial
interests it was a war fought to
preserve South Vietnam independence
there's a war fought to preserve the
democracy of Vietnam and to move toward
a better democracy in Vietnam and saved
them from the repression and evil of the
Vietcong administration which resulted
in the deaths of hundreds of thousands
of people including in Cambodia just
across the border domino theory was
correct
Cambodia did fall and a million people
were killed by Pol Pot when America
precipitously pulls out things get bad
when America stays Germany becomes nice
Germany and nobody thinks of Germany as
a threatening country anymore why
because America over ran Germany along
with her allies and then proceeded to
turn Germany into a thriving Western
democracy and the same thing is true in
Japan which was a complete imperialist
dictatorship and then America came in
with our troops and we occupied the
place and there are still troops in
Japan South Korea is only free because
of American troops because of American
material and American men and women
willing to sacrifice their lives in
order to make South Koreans free the
reason they're not all living under the
Gulag conditions of kim jeong-hoon is
because of the strength and power of
America's military might this is why
whenever there's an attempt by folks on
the left to cut back America's military
the case being that a strong virile
military scares people it makes the
world a scarier worse place the answer
is every time we do that that is
immediately followed by some sort of
terrorist attack or brutal attack on
Americans and then we have to build up
our military again Bill Clinton spent
years cutting back the American military
and then there was the attack of 9/11
and then we had to rebuild the American
military the threat either is stopped
there or it comes here the same was true
in Pearl Harbor by 1941 by the time of
America's entry into World War two and
Pearl Harbor the American military the
standing American
military was smaller than the standing
military of the Philippines Americ had
the 16th largest military on planet
earth in 1941 and we ramped back up if
America had been a lot more muscular on
the world stage and had attempted to
prevent the imperialism of the Japanese
and the imperialism of the of the
Germans earlier than that working with
our allies a lot of lives had been saved
a lot of lives would have been saved and
there's this this weird idea that's
risen in both isolationist circles and
leftist circles it is sort of where a
lot of Ron Paul foreign policy fans runs
directly into the arms of Bernie Sanders
foreign policy fans then America's
presence on the world stage is
unnecessary that if we draw nothing bad
happens that it's not in America's
interest to be quote unquote global
policeman we don't have to be global
policeman nobody suggesting that America
has to be the world police and save
everybody from themselves but we do have
to assess what is in America's interests
where do the gravest threats lie and
then we have to be active on those
threats because just like with policing
if you are not proactively policing a
particular area it goes to hell in a
handbasket and soon those areas spread
broken windows theory doesn't just apply
to domestic crime it also applies to
foreign policy which again does not mean
that America has to compromise our own
safety and security and the use of our
military force for every small
humanitarian mission it doesn't mean
that when we can we should and it also
means that morality has a heavy part to
play in America's foreign policy it has
always had a heavy part to play in
America's foreign policy there's this
realist idea out there that morality
doesn't play any role in in what we do
on foreign policy and obviously the
American people do not disagree do not
agree with that the American people
believe that there is still room for
virtue in American foreign policy which
is why we have this really divided mind
about foreign policy that I think we
need to figure out because otherwise
we're putting our own soldiers in
unwinnable situations the divided mind
goes like this something terrible
happens on a farm front there's a
slaughter in in Syria there's a
slaughter in Sudan there's a saw a
slaughter in Somalia and the American
people say see it on TV they say that
looks awful we need to do something
about that that looks terrible
and then whatever American
administration is in power Republicans
Democrats doesn't matter they say okay
we'll respond to that by doing something
and then within five weeks the American
people say we really shouldn't be in
there you know
there's no reason for us to be in there
in the first place foreign policy should
be conducted along the lines of a
long-range attempt to figure out exactly
what is in America's interest if we can
do that then we can ensure that we are
using our military in the best possible
way and that our military members signed
up for the right gig but on this
Memorial Day it's time to stop and say
thank you to all of the members of the
military who laid down their lives so
that we could spend today having fun and
then I could do my podcast and then I
could spend time with my family and that
you could do whatever it is that you're
doing today there's a free and wonderful
country because of the power and might
of the American military the greatest
force for freedom in the history of
mankind okay meanwhile speaking of
foreign policy there is there's a lot of
hubbub over the weekend and and today
about President Trump and North Korea
obviously last week President Trump
pulled out of the summit with North
Korea and now they're rumors that the
summit is going to be back on with North
Korea this is a negotiation tactic by
President Trump I don't think that
President Trump should be giving us
constant updates on whether there's
going to be a summit with North Korea I
think the reason for that is that if he
continues to give us these constant
updates about what's going on with North
Korea it makes it seem as though he is
desperate to have this meeting with
North Korea America should never be
desperate to have a meeting with anybody
we're the most powerful country on the
face of the earth and in the history of
the world there's no reason we should be
desperate to meet with a tin-pot
dictator it is his job to come to us
with something to give up so that we can
reinstate him in the community of
nations now President Trump is saying
that North Korea blew it on the summit
and you know basically this is right
based on the recent statement of North
Korea I've decided to terminate the plan
summit in Singapore on June 12th well
many things can happen and a great
opportunity lies ahead potentially I
believe that this is a tremendous
setback for North Korea and indeed a
setback for the world okay well this is
a negotiation tactic by President Trump
Democrats however are celebrating the
fact that the summit fell apart so it's
hilarious the Democrats who were saying
he never should have held this um in the
first place are celebrating the fact
that it fell apart now basically
whatever Trump does they proceeded to do
the opposite so Nancy Pelosi comes out
