I have for you the worst example of
media bias I have seen in recent memory
president Trump signs an executive order
that may or may not in family separation
at the border and president Trump
rallies in Minnesota I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
so in case you missed the news this
August I am taking the Ben Shapiro show
live to audiences in Dallas and Phoenix
you'll be able to see me in person and
join in an audience at Q & A tickets are
going really fast they're almost sold
out in Dallas and they're nearing sold
out in Phoenix go to daily wired.com
slash events to get your seats and
additional info it's gonna be a blast
and I really look forward to seeing I'll
you they're all VIP tickets were already
sold out if you're subscriber you get
first crack at those but we still have a
few seats left in Dallas in Phoenix so
please if you're in those cities or you
want to travel to those cities for the
events I think they're gonna be a blast
and I look forward to seeing you there
all right I'm gonna get to the news in
just a second first I want to talk to
you about why you should have some of
your money in precious metals so if you
look at the trade situation right now
President Trump obviously wants to raise
tariffs on countries like China China is
raising tariffs on the United States in
response and you could easily see a
trade war well this is going to have
some pretty significant ramifications
for the currency considering that China
actually could retaliate against the
United States by selling off American
bonds for example well what that really
means is that you ought to have at least
some of your assets in a hard asset like
gold where you should have some of your
assets not all right you should have a
lot of your assets in stocks and bonds
great I have a lot of that stuff in
stocks and bonds too but you should have
some of your assets and precious metals
because my savings plan in every savings
plan should have something that is not
subject to the uncertainty and
instability of inflation or government
manipulation the company I trust with
precious metal purchases Birch gold
group Birch gold sells physical precious
metals for your own possession they will
ship metal directly to your front door
and right now thanks to a little-known
IRS tax law you can even move your IRA
or eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver it's perfect
for people who want to ensure that their
hard-earned retirement savings are
protected from future geopolitical
uncertainty and there's a reason they
have so many five-star reviews and
there's such a long-standing track
record of continued success contact
Birch gold group right now get a free
information kit on physical precious
metals it's a comprehensive 16 page kit
showing you why and how you should
invest in physical precious metals and
then once you've got all your questions
answered and you've asked all your
questions go to birchgold.com slash bend
that is birchgold.com slash been for
that free information kit and to invest
birchgold.com slash pen use the slash
pen so they know that we say all right
so we have heard non-stop over the last
two weeks that President Trump is Hitler
right President Trump is a Nazi and the
reason President Trump is a Nazi is
because of his policy of separating
children from their parents at the
border when people enter
in the United States not at ports of
entry when they enter across the border
in Arizona for example or Texas and
they're picked up by ice then they are
immediately criminally prosecuted and
that means that by law their kids have
to be separated from them and this means
that Trump is evil-eye Trump is totally
evil now you might ask yourself did this
policy begin with Trump and as had been
saying for well on two weeks now no this
policy did not begin with Trump this
policy began with Barack Obama whose
policy in 2014-2015 was that he would
arrest entire families and keep the kids
unified with the parents and as I had
said also that and there was a 2016
ruling Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
that says you're not allowed to do that
anymore you have to release the kids
that's what leads to the parental
separation I have also been saying that
if Trump back down on this that if Trump
said we're gonna reunify the families
but keep them in custody immediately
there would be a bunch of Democrats who
signaled that this was unacceptable as
well so separating families was like the
Nazis and keeping families together in
custody is also like the Nazis the only
solution left of course is to release
everybody into the general population
and that's exactly what Democrats have
been pushing for well one of the things
that is truly maddening about this
entire situation is the lack of
intellectual honesty on virtually all
sides on it but particularly from the
left Tammy Baldwin is a senator from
from I believe Wisconsin is the correct
and in Tammy Baldwin was on CNN
yesterday and she specifically asked
about about whether she felt the same
way when young migrant children were
being imprisoned by Barack Obama Brooke
Baldwin actually asked her a solid
question on CNN so good for Brooke
Baldwin
watch Tammy Baldwin struggled to come up
with an answer as to why she wasn't
angry when Barack Obama was imprisoning
children did you raise your voice under
the Obama administration you know in
numbers of cases usually I remember a
constituent who was in detention at the
border arguably very inappropriately and
we
you know we raised our voice in that
instance and many others but that's
we've got to do this now in unison it's
not enough to do it case-by-case or
senator or a House member by house
member we've got to resolve to fix this
issue okay so not to know okay that's a
no I didn't care what Obama was
president yes I do care when when Donald
Trump is president the best evidence
that the media seriously don't care
about this issue until Trump is
president comes today courtesy of The
Associated Press so there's a story from
The Associated Press here's the title
young immigrants detained in Virginia
censor allege abuse now you and imagine
just from reading that title that the
allegations of abuse are taking place
because of stuff that is happening today
right allegations of abuse that are
happening today in the Shenandoah Valley
juvenile center then it's all about
trumped now this story mentions Donald
Trump seven separate times in the course
of this very long story from The
Associated Press it mentions Barack
Obama zero times in this very long story
about abuses at detention centers of
illegal immigrant miners and now there's
only one problem all of the abuse is
alleged in the story happened under
Barack Obama's watch all of them
happened in 2015 2016 that is buried in
paragraph 19 of this story paragraph 19
so paragraph 19 they finally mentioned
oh by the way all these illegal
immigrant miners were abused and
allegedly abused they're abused under
Obama they mentioned that in paragraph
19 and they mentioned Donald Trump seven
times in the mentioned Barack Obama by
name zero times and then you wonder why
when Donald Trump goes to his rallies
and he shouts about fake news and people
cheer and chant fake news you wonder why
people take Donald Trump seriously when
he says fake news because you bury the
lead and then you don't report that
Obama had anything to do with it and how
bad were these abuses the answer is
pretty damn bad here's the Associated
Press immigrant children as young as 14
housed at a juvenile detention center in
Virginia say they were beaten well
handcuffed and locked up for long
periods in solitary confinement left
nude and shivering and concrete cells
the abuse claims against the Shenandoah
Valley juvenile Center near Stanton
Virginia are detailed in federal court
filings that include a half-dozen sworn
statements from Latino G teens jailed
there for months or years multiple
detainees say the guards stripped them
of their clothes and strapped them to
chairs with bags placed over their heads
whenever they used to restrain me and
put me in the chair they would handcuff
me said a Honduran immigrant who was
sent to the facility when he was 15
strapped me down all the way from your
feet all the way to your chest you
couldn't really move
total control over you they'll split a
bag over your head it has little holes
you can see through but you feel
suffocated with the bag on in addition
to the children's first hand translated
accounts in court filings a former child
development specialist who worked inside
the facility independently told the AP
this week she saw kids there with
bruises and broken bones they blamed on
guards she spoke on condition of
anonymity because she was not authorised
to publicly discuss the children's cases
now normally when I lead a story and
when I write a story I usually say on
Wednesday or in 2015 the date is the
first thing you say because it's sort of
matters to the story you don't get any
dates here until paragraph nineteen
first you get this paragraph many of the
children were sent there after US
immigration authorities accused them of
belonging to violent gangs including
ms-13 President Donald Trump has
repeatedly cited gang activity as
justification for his crackdown on
illegal immigration so that sounds like
Donald Trump has been saying everybody's
ms-13 so Isis out they're arresting a
bunch of innocent kids throwing them in
prison and torturing them because they
say they're ms-13 right that's what you
would get from that ap story and the AAP
continues like this right Trump said
Wednesday that our Border Patrol agents
and our ice agents have done one great
job cracking down on ms-13 measures an
ms-13 gang members we're throwing them
out by the thousands he said but a top
manager at the shenandoah Center said
during a recent congressional hearing
that the children did not appear to be
gang members and were suffering from
mental health issues resulting from
trauma that happened in their home
country's problems the detention
facility is ill-equipped to treat and
then this is the best part okay so
finally this is now in let's see
paragraph 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 paragraph 10
ok paragraph 10 we finally get to a
point here most children held in the
Shannons own facility where the focus of
the abuse lawsuit were caught crossing
the border illegally alone they were not
the children who have been separated
from their families under the trump
administration's recent policy and are
now in the government's care okay so in
other words this has nothing to do with
the current issues that are being
debated about family separation and then
all the way down in paragraph 19 all the
way down in paragraph 19 we get this the
complaint filed by the nonprofit
Washington lawyers Committee for civil
rights and urban affairs recounts the
story of an unnamed 17 year old Mexican
citizen apprehended at the southern
border the team fled an abusive father
and violence fueled by drug cartels to
seek asylum in the United States in 2015
let me recall
when was the election of 2016 oh that's
right it was after 2015 it turns out
turns out 2016 after 2015 after stops at
facilities in Texas in New York he was
transferred to Shenandoah in April 2016
but wait Donald Trump wasn't president
then right if I recall he was even the
nominee for the Republicans at that
point in April 2016 but you don't find
that out until paragraph 20 of a 1000
word article and this article is not
1000 words an article probably 3,000
words okay I love this the lawyers for
Shannon's all responded with court
filings denying all wrongdoing
information contained in a separate 2016
lawsuit appears to support some of the
information contained in the recent
abuse complaints wait a second there was
a separate 2016 lawsuit meaning was
publicly available in 2016 where is it
now yeah it's 2018 what happened in the
intervening two years did somebody was
there a presidential change that's right
Donald Trump became president and only
then to the media start reporting on
lawsuits alleging horrible abuses
happening under Barack Obama
I remember Obama's administration was
scandal-free Barack Obama says so and
that means that it's true we also know
that there was an ACLU report in 2015
talking about detainee abuse is between
2009 and 2014 did you ever hear about
that of course he didn't hear about that
cuz nobody cared
he's Barack Obama was president and
Barack Obama was the bringer of light
Barack Obama loved immigrants how do we
know we know because he said so and the
media said so here's the story another
story like this was from the Drudge
Report the tragic case of Roberto
Aguilar Batista 38 whose family sued
Barack Obama and multiple federal
agencies after Batista died from
complications of diabetes while being
held in one of the administration's
ill-equipped detention centers in a
report published August 29 2014 CBS to
Los Angeles says quote at a news
conference Friday attended by CBS 2's
Amy Johnson Nancy Munna said her husband
had type 2 diabetes and his care was
neglected he was held at the
Metropolitan Detention Center among
other places last March 2014 Roberto
Aguilar Bautista died from complications
of diabetes at the Dalbey Correctional
Facility in other words there were lots
and lots and lots of detainee abuses
cocaine it was considered a detainee
abuse to keep children together with
their parents and yet the media are only
interested in a crime Rachel Maddow is
crying openly on-air about the
separation of children from parents now
in a second I'm going to show you why
the Trump administration's response to
this has been so foolish because the
reality is Trump sure is stuck to his
guns here
listen we have a zero-tolerance policy
you cross the border getting arrested
and it is not up to me to change the law
I cannot unilaterally change the law the
job of the executive branch is to
execute the law the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals has already ruled that a
settlement between the Clinton
administration government 1997 and
illegal immigrants in 1997 the Florida
settlement 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
rules that settlement means I cannot
keep children together with parents but
I am NOT going to release everybody into
the interior of the country Trump should
have maintained that line because that
is the correct legal line instead
President Trump decided that he was
going to announce an executive order
under pressure that's because the
polling numbers were really not good on
this stuff and the media attention on it
obviously has been incredibly biased but
here was president Trump yesterday
announcing that that he was going to
sign an executive order and then we'll
go through the text of the executive
order in just a second we want to keep
families together it's very important
I'll be signing something in a little
while that's going to do that and the
people in this room want to do that and
they're working on various pieces of
legislation to get it done but I thought
be doing something that's somewhat
preemptive but ultimately will be
matched by the legislation I'm sure ok
so he says that he's gonna sign an
executive agreement now we had the
executive order now I have the text of
the executive order and all I can say is
that it's either really stupid or it is
really clever one of the two and I'll
explain what I mean by that in just a
second first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Boleyn branch so ok I
am not good at sleeping as I have said
many many times on this show but one of
the things that allows me to sleep like
a baby when I'm in my own house is my
bowl and branch eat so Boleyn branch
eats are just the best they really are
terrific you don't think about the
sheets that are on your bed you're
probably still sleeping on the sheets
that your parents gave you when you're
13 okay but if you don't want those
sheets if you want something that's
actually really nice Bowl and branch
sheets will do it for you there are
three ex presidents and Bill Clinton's
lovers who sleep on these sheets they
are just incredible there they don't
worry about the thread count they are
made of organic cotton okay thread count
doesn't mean anything by the way I
didn't even know that I always thought
one of these guys who drives past the
gas station like we have a five thousand
thread count sheet over here and then
you open it up in its natural plastic
tarp well it's not the thread count that
matters so much it's the actual quality
of the sheet and these are made of pure
organic cotton which means that they get
softer with each washer they are just
horrific we actually threw out all of
our sheets after we started working with
branch and got all brand-new sheets for
us for our kids they're really terrific
if you got these kinds of sheets at the
store it would cost you upward of a
thousand bucks but Poland brand sheets
are only a couple of hundred dollars
right now shipping is free you can try
them for 30 nights as well so if you
don't like them they don't have to pay
for him right mean to get you started
right now my listeners get 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets at at ball and
branch comm promo code Ben that's Bo LL
and branch comm promo code Ben 50 bucks
off your first set of sheets bull and
branch comm promo club and there's a
reason we love our Bolin branch eats
they are awesome Bo ll and branch comm
promo code men if you don't love them
you send them back for a refund because
you can try them for 30 days and
shipping is free so go check them out
right now you have nothing to lose
Boleyn branch common promo club and
you're definitely going to want to keep
them you're not gonna want to shift them
and ship them back okay so let's go
through president Trump's executive
order as I have said the Trump
administration does not have the legal
ability to keep children together with
their parents in detention that is a
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruling
based on the Obama administration's
policy of keeping children together with
parents in detention at the time this
was considered inhumane
I had folks on the Left suggested that
it was inhumane to keep children in
detention with their parents now they're
suggesting it is inhumane to separate
children from their parents in detention
so here is what Trump actually put in
the executive order the executive order
is one of two things just as a
preliminary note either it reinstates
catch and release
meaning that all of these parents have
to be released into the general
population or it does nothing but those
are the only two choices this doesn't
actually say that kids can now be kept
with their parents in facilities instead
what it basically says is to the fullest
extent of law parents should be kept
together with their kids it's kind of
meaningless okay so here's what it says
it says and by the authority vested in
