James Comey gets his two-hour special
president Trump's attack attack Syria
and the March for science takes place it
is massive meaning no one showed up I
mention Pierrot this is the Ben Shapiro
show
[Music]
so as you can tell I am in fine form
this morning I'm here with a cold and up
at 5:00 in the morning since my wife is
on rotation so everything is awesome but
don't worry everything is also awesome
in the world of politics I will describe
for you all of the crazy that happened
over the weekend no Disneyland for
anyone I took my kids to Disneyland
yesterday if you're a fan of mine and
you were there yesterday that was
strictly forbidden
you're not allowed because obviously I
told you not to ruin things over the
weekend as always and I said there would
be no Disneyland for you if you did
continue to ruin things name yet things
have been ruined and I will discuss all
of those things in just a minute first I
want to say thanks to our sponsor is
over at keeps so keeps is the easiest
way to keep your hair right now you're
thinking I'm a young buck I'm not gonna
lose my hair anytime soon wrong you are
take a look at your pops and the good
shot is your hair will be gone before
you know it which is why you need keeps
keeps offers the only two hair loss
products that are clinically proven to
keep the hair that you have you can sign
up in less than five minutes and keeps
it entirely online only ten bucks to 35
bucks a month so it's a buck a day or
less on average which is half of what
you typically pay at the pharmacy and
getting started is really really easy
all you do is go to keeps calm and then
a licensed doctor will remotely review
your information and give you the right
prescription all without ever leaving
your coucher than two to three days a
three-month supply of your treatment
will arrive perfectly packaged at your
door so keep your hair the easy way with
keeps offering customized treatment
plans with the only clinically proven
hair loss products for about a buck a
day from the comfort of your couch
receive your first month of treatment
for free go to keep us calm slash Ben
that's ke EPS calm slash ban that's a
free month of treatment it keeps calm
slash men again keeps hair today hair
tomorrow and if you're looking for the
the only products that are clinically
proven to keep the hair you have keeps
the place to get them keeps calm slash
pen that's ke EPS calm slash Ben go
check it out now before it's too late
and your hair is gone and you just sit
here regretfully thinking about what if
you just listened and done what shapiro
told you to do that's why you need to go
to keeps calm slash baton alrighty so
the big news over the weekend is little
twofold number one there was an attack
on Syria which we'll discuss in a little
bit and second of all James Comey sat
down with George Stephanopoulos of ABC
News so first of all it is always
obligatory whenever I mentioned James
Comey Ave whenever I mentioned George
Stephanopoulos of ABC News I must recall
he was the former chief of staff for the
Clintons so this is a guy who
very tied into the Democratic Network I
mentioned that not because I thought he
did a particularly terrible job last
night in the interview but to point out
that the media are wildly biased in
favor of James Comey who is playing one
of the great scams of all timing the guy
was largely responsible for Hillary
Clinton losing the election and now he's
going to retire off of Democrats who are
angry that Hillary Clinton lost the
election so well done James Comey I mean
that is a scam for the ages that is
usual suspects type stuff just
incredible stuff so James Cummings is a
full two-hour interview with George
Stephanopoulos on ABC News did he have
anything brand-new shocking to say not
really it was mainly vindictive and and
self gratifying and self-justifying and
now that's that's what it was it was
James Comey grandstanding at his best
there are a few takeaways from this
interview it was kind of interesting he
had some interesting things to say but I
have to say the amount of ego that was
just pouring off the screen was
incredible the amount of smog between
Stephanopoulos and James Comey it is
amazing that the world did not implode
from simple overload of smug and I
should know I mean I'm pretty smug dude
but let me tell you something James
Comey and George Stephanopoulos
outclassed me by at least a couple of
weight classes it's pretty impressive
James Comey started out the interview by
saying quote I was never going to write
a book but I decided I had to try to
write this one to try and be useful that
was my goal after I was fired to be
useful and it occurred to me maybe I can
be useful by offering a view to people
especially to young people
of what leadership should look like and
how it should be centered on values in
other words maybe I should write a book
talking about how awesome I am
in order to inform all the young people
about how awesome I am so they too can
one day be awesome like I am or
alternative explanation you're fired and
you want to make a lot of money I'm
gonna go with that one are you're gonna
giant advance and sell hundreds of
thousands of copies of your ebook
I'm pretty much gonna say that that's
probably what James Comey was doing it
probably wasn't like you know what
I'm out of office now what do I have to
do you know what I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna look over my flower garden I'm
gonna write about leadership because
that's what young people need today
leadership no it's probably the whole
selling lots of books things and then he
goes on in the interview to rip on
president Trump II of course says that
Trump is a forest fire going to do
tremendous damage going to damage
important norms but a forest fire gives
healthy things a chance to grow they had
no chance before that fire and the
entire interview is just incredibly
self-serving my favorite metaphor that
he used for himself as he said that when
he went to the White House to talk to
President Trump he said there's a
movie called The Sixth Sense then I talk
about in the book where Bruce Willis
doesn't realize he's dead that's the way
I felt I felt like I was totally alone
that everybody hated me and there wasn't
the way out because it was really the
right thing to do he's talking about now
going to the White House to talk to
President Obama about revealing the fact
that Hillary Clinton's emails had been
found on Anthony Weiner server and that
in a way I'm ruined but that's what I
have to do I had to do it that way what
a hero he's just like Bruce Willis from
The Sixth Sense guys it's just amazing
he's walking around he's dead he doesn't
know at the entire time
spoiler alert shame his company don't
worry though
he doesn't have ego this is a man who is
completely free from ego what what a
wonderful man he has throughout the
interview he praises President Obama jeh
Johnson the former Department of
Homeland Security Secretary he says that
he wishes Hillary Clinton would read the
book so that she would know why he did
what he did during the election cycle
and then of course he dumped on Trump
personally so here was James Comey
dumping on president Trump personally
this is clip 7 it was the first time he
met Donald Trump what was your
impression he had impressively quaffed
hair it looks to be all his I confess I
stared at it pretty closely and my
reaction was must take a heck of a lot
of time in the morning his tie was too
long as it always is he looked slightly
orange up close with small white half
moons under his eyes which I assume are
from tanning goggles ok so this is
definitely the kind of image that James
Comey wants to project right he wants to
protect WOM an image and that's what a
law man would do I mean that's really if
you were if you were just like Jimmy
Stewart g-man and you order to give an
interview about a president who you
thought might be corrupt the first thing
you do is talk about the half-moons
under his eyes and the length of his tie
then that really makes James Comey look
real good here I mean this is obviously
not somebody he was writing a book about
leadership guys a book about leadership
for children that was his goal it was
not to be the center of attention no not
he not he and then of course Jim's
coming like to drop a bunch of
inflammatory lines in the middle of this
interview because there really is
nothing new in the book other than him
whining about President Trump and
talking about President Trump is
terrible now whatever you think about
Trump they're two separate questions
right is Trump corrupt has Trump done
things that are ill-advised has
president Trump interfered in
investigations right these are all legit
questions but what is not really a legit
question is whether James Comey is a
politically motivated actor he's pretty
clearly a politically motive
that's pretty obvious when he admitted
on camera that when he went to speak
with President Trump you recall he went
to speak James Comey former FBI director
when he was when Trump first was about
to take office we went to brief him he
briefed him on the Russian dossier the
steel dossier had been compiled by a
British spy named Christopher Steele it
had been paid for by fusion GPS which
was being paid for in turn by Hillary
Clinton's law firm and James Comey did
not reveal to President Trump that this
dossier had been gathered at the behest
of Hillary Clinton's pay right he admits
that in clip eight did you tell him that
the steel dust he had been financed by
his political opponents no I didn't had
any think I used the term steel dosia I
just talked about additional material
but did he have a right to know that
that had been financed by his political
opponents I don't know the answer to
that it wasn't necessary for my goal
which is to alert him that we had this
information well who cares about your
goal he's the president of the United
States don't you owe him that
information I mean you work for him
you're the head of the FBI and the FBI
is an executive branch agency shouldn't
you have told him that the steel dossier
was funded by Hillary Clinton wouldn't
that been a little bit important for him
to know but again the goal here is to is
form for James Comey to obviously come
off as above the fray well he didn't
come off as above the fray anywhere in
this interview there's an enormous
amount of self-serving material in this
interview and of course he's giving the
press everything spicy they want to is
clip nine available do we have clip nine
okay so in there at one point during the
interview Comey is asked specifically
about the P tape and here's what he said
he said and then Trump said to me
another reason you know it's not true is
I'm a germaphobe there's no ID let
people pee on each other around me and
that caught me so much by surprise I
actually let out inaudible laughs and
because it was just one of those I was
startled by it and I remember thinking
well should I say that as I understand
the activity sir it doesn't require an
overnight stay
and given that was allegedly the
presidential suite at the Ritz Carlton I
would imagine you could be a safe
distance from the activity all these
things are bouncing around my head but
instead of saying it just led me to
think the world's gone crazy but again
the goal here for James Comey is to sell
as many books as humanly possible
there are really three scandals in which
James Comey is is involved right scandal
number one is the Hillary Clinton issue
right the Hillary Clinton issue scandal
number two is the Russian issue with
president Trump and skeletal number
three is firing there are three separate
issues and in each one the story he
tells is really
not particularly great okay so the
Hillary handling itself was bad first of
all let's get out of the way how much he
hates President Trump the man just hates
President Trump so here are several
clips of him talking about how much he
hates President Trump here is where he
compares President Trump to a crime
family again
I'm not sure why no political advisor
set Co me down and said you know James
it might be worthwhile for you to appear
not to hate President Trump if you
actually want to go after him right you
might want to look as they were
disinterested rather than that you have
a personal animus toward him apparently
nobody bothered telling him so instead
he compares Trump to a crime family I
had a flashback to my days investigating
the Mafia look cosa nostra is the
distinction between a friend of yours
and a friend of ours I felt this effort
to make us all maybe this wasn't their
intention but it's the way I felt to me
to make us all a Mika Nostra we're all
part of the messaging we're all part of
the effort the boss is at the head of
the table we're gonna figure out
together how to do this how strange is
it for you to sit here and compare the
president to a mob boss
well okay come on and what kind of
question is that George Stephanopoulos
how strange is if he's doing it on
purpose to sell books you idiots but of
course George Stephanopoulos knows that
he's not an idiot
okay that was not all that Comey had to
say about President Trump personally and
then he talked about how Trump was
morally unfit to be presidents as clip
16 as is Trump talking this is Comey
talking about how Trump is just unfit
right again a lot of this is being
driven by the fact that Comey is angry
that Trump fired him you write the
president Trump is unethical untethered
to the truth he is Donald Trump unfit to
be President
yes but not in the way I often hear
people talk about it I don't buy this
stuff about him being mentally
incompetent the early stages of dementia
he strikes me as a person of
above-average intelligence who's
tracking conversations and knows what's
going on I don't think he's medically
unfit to be President I think he's
morally unfit to people okay and then he
continued exactly along these lines
hey again talking about how Trump has
been compromised by the Russians he says
that it's possible the Russians
compromised from now again he doesn't
have any evidence of this anything's
possible
anything's possible does George
Stephanopoulos follow up by saying did
you have evidence that the Russians have
compromised Trump no of course not they
just sort of let it hang out there
there's James Comey saying that it's
possible that Trump is compromised by
the
Asians do you think the Russians have
something on Donald Trump I think it's
possible I don't know maybe these are
more words I never thought I'd about a
president United States but it's
possible that's stunning you can't say
for certain that the president United
States is not compromised by the
Russians yeah it is stunning and I wish
I wasn't saying it but it's just it's
the truth
great interviewing there again great
interviewing there again by George
Stephanopoulos just reiterate the point
that is stunning what you're saying I'm
not gonna ask you for any evidence of
what you're saying but it is stunning
that you would even say that mr. Fehmi
just incredibly stunning again the goal
here for Comey is to sell books the goal
here for George Stephanopoulos is to use
Comey as baton in order to club
president Trump okay that is the goal
here now we can talk about in a second
exactly what Comey did during the
Hillary scandal during the Trump
investigation and to get fired we'll
talk about all that in just a second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at thrive market so thrive
market is the best place to buy your
organic food okay it is the best place
to get your healthy food you can shop
for thousands of the best selling
non-gmo foods and natural products
always at 25 to 50% below traditional
retail prices that's what thrive market
is for so you're never gonna have to go
to Whole Foods which is overpriced and
you have to get stuck in the tiny
parking lots with the Priuses again
instead you go to thrive market online
more than 70% in the private market
catalog cannot be found on Amazon
they're the largest retailer in the
country that tells exclusively non-gmo
groceries and you can catalog everything
by your values and dietary preferences
it doesn't matter if you're paleo or
gluten-free or vegan or kosher like me
you can shop for 90 plus values also
including non-gmo sustainably farmed
Fairtrade certified bpa-free more in
just one click of a button you never
have to read a label again because
thrive market does all of the homework
for you and in each product page you can
see things like why I love it price
comparisons price comparisons to retail
nutritional ingredients many of the
product pages even include the brand's
background story and why the product is
safe for your family here's how it works
go over to thrive market calm slash
Shapiro and users get $20 off their
first three orders of 49 bucks or more
plus free shipping most shoppers spend
more than 49 bucks on the site anyway do
the math you spend 49 bucks and thrive
automatically gives you back 20 bucks
your total purchase becomes 30 bucks and
you get this deal three times in a row
go over to thrive market calm slash
Shapiro thrive market calm slash prepare
to get your instance $60 of free
groceries thrive market calm slash
here again it is easy to shop there it
is cheaper to shop there it is healthier
to shop there go to thrive market calm /
appear oh and never bother going your
local your local organic grocery store
again with all of the with all the the
the crazed Hillary voters their thrive
market calm / Shapiro and you can safely
shop for healthy great food in the
anonymity of your own home thrive market
calm / appear get your instant 60 bucks
of free groceries all right so let's go
call me in his book he talks about
really three separate things he talks
about the Hillary investigation he talks
about the Trump investigation on Russia
and then he talked about being fired and
so what he says about Hillary
demonstrates what a political actor he
is right so recall the back in July it
was James Comey who came out and made a
long statement basically about why
Hillary Clinton in viola violated the
law but should not be indicted remember
he said that she had been extremely
careless with her emails which is the
definition of gross negligence under the
law and then he says we won't indict her
anyway we shouldn't have indicted her
anyway right so now he says he shouldn't
have describes how sloppy Clinton was
with all of her with all of her email
server stuff was trying to be honest and
clear with the American people what she
did was really sloppy okay he says what
she did was really sloppy but he says
that he made a mistake describing how
sloppy she was with her email scandal
because in doing so it made it look like
