a New York Times op-ed features an
anonymous resistance leader inside the
White House Brett Kavanaugh hearings
continue with Cory Booker and Kamala
Harris running for president an Alex
Jones invades Capitol Hill and it's
weird I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
every day you think we've reached the
seventh circle of hell you'd be wrong it
could be wrong there they're always
there always further steps down to the
seventh circle we will never reach the
seventh circle of hell there's a story
today actually that aliens had
supposedly landed it but were hovered
over one of president Trump's actual
golf courses in Scotland all I can say
is that that's how this has to end right
that the president Trump is the
president when we actually make first
contact with aliens of another planet
for sure for sure we'll get to all the
news I promise but first we have to talk
about your shaving habit so you want to
be prepped if the aliens do arrive you
want to look good and if you want to
look good you want to smell good you
want to look like a decent human being
you need all the products the Dollar
Shave Club has to offer they have
everything you need to look feel smell
your best they've amazing shower stuff
hair styling products toothbrushes
toothpaste and of course razor and shave
supplies so I am particularly fond of
their amber and lavender body cleanser
it is delightful so is there a black
pepper and sage shampoo oh my goodness
these things just make me smell
wonderful
I mean people at the office could attest
to it but it'll be sexual harassment
we'd have to report them to HR it's that
good okay that's how good the Dollar
Shave Club stuff is that's how I get
ready but you're not me you might have
your own way to get ready you might
shave your whole body to get ready for a
bike race because you're some sort of
weird oh well Dollar Shave Club is good
executive razor and shave butter can
help you do even that you might do your
hair to get ready for your soccer match
because you're one of those weirdos who
play soccer but yes he can do that for
you as well the thing is no matter what
you do to get ready to guess he has
everything you need and right now you
can get ready with an amazing deal on
any one of their starter sets I
recommend that daily essential starter
set because again I love that amber
lavender body cleanser head over to
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben pick your
own GSE starter set for just 5 bucks
after your starter set products ship at
regular price that is
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen again
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben for the
special deal all right so we begin today
with this anonymous op-ed in The New
York Times which is solely designed to
lead to a full-on mole hunt inside the
White House basically there's an op-ed
in The New York Times is by an anonymous
person the New York Times did not reveal
the name of the person who wrote this
op-ed and the essential contention of
the op-ed is that President Trump is a
crazy person and all the people around
him are restraining him from being crazy
which okay like all right
what do you want from me I mean like
okay I will talk about the ramifications
of this it is titled I am part of the
resistance inside the Trump
administration which of course is titled
just to piss off President Trump I mean
this is almost specifically designed to
make President Trump go full captain
queeg looking for the strawberries it
we're pretty much gonna get the entire
Caine Mutiny
in in real life it'll be just
spectacular here is what the article
says President Trump is facing a test to
his presidency unlike any faced by a
modern American leader sorry I first
have to note the New York Times ran an
editorial note at the top of this piece
and here's what they write they mean
this is just virtue signaling of the
highest order
The Times today is taking the rare step
of publishing not an anonymous op-ed
essay we have done so at the request of
the author a senior official in the
Trump administration whose identity is
known to us and whose job would be
jeopardized by its disclosure we believe
publishing this essay anonymously is the
only way to deliver an important
perspective to our readers we invite you
to submit a question about the essay or
our vetting process here well this does
raise a weird question will the New York
Times reporters now seek to dig into who
actually wrote the you know admits a New
York Times op-ed they could just like
walk down the hall and presumably start
grilling their own editors but that gets
real weird anyway here's what the piece
says President Trump is facing a test to
his presidency unlike any faced by a
modern American leader it's not just
that the special counsel looms large or
that the country is bitterly divided
over mr. Trump's leadership or even that
his party might well lose the house to
an opposition hell-bent on his downfall
the dilemma which he does not fully
grasp is that many of the senior
officials and his own administration are
working diligently from within to
frustrate parts of his agenda and his
worst inclinations
I would know I am one of them I Q an on
I anonymous and one of them to be clear
ours is not the Popular Resistance of
the left we want the administration to
succeed and think that many of its
policies have already made America safer
and more prosperous but we believe our
first duty is to this country and the
president continues to act in a manner
that is detrimental to the help of our
Republic so let me just point out here
that this editorial has already gone off
the rails for a couple of reasons one if
you say that you're part of the
resistance to Trump helping him to do
the right thing you just made sure that
President Trump is going to go on a mole
hunt to oust anyone who is trying to
help him do the right thing from your
own point of view you've ensured that
President Trump is going to go full-on
bring everybody into room prisoner's
dilemma bring in the rubber pipe beat
the crap out of people we're gonna
separate people into rooms and threaten
their families until we find out who is
thwarting the president's will second
those two sentences are in complete
contrast with one another one is that
they want the administration to succeed
and think many of its policies been
great and then there's a sentence that
says that they believe their first
duties to the country and the president
continues to act in a manner detrimental
to the health of our Republic how do you
want the administration to succeed if
you think the president is acting in a
manner detrimental to the health of the
Republic this is basically justifying
everything president Trump ever said
about the deep state but it's actually
just the shallow state it's a bunch of
people working inside his administration
who presumably he appointed who are
working to thwart his will and then
talking about it in the New York Times
the predictable effect of which will be
to lower his approval ratings and
ensured that he has a tougher time with
reelection in 2020 so why exactly would
you say that you're standing up for the
administration if you actually believe
that your job in the administration is
to help the administration succeed make
sure the president Trump doesn't go off
the rails make his policy better for him
when necessary why would you go talk
about it why would you then go and talk
about it that doesn't make any sense at
all I mean it's legitimately a member of
the criminal conspiracy saying you know
what I'm involved in criminality I'm
gonna go talk to the police about how
well I'm attempting to make this
criminal conspiracy work you're talking
to the very people who are attempting to
make sure that Trump exits office so
clearly there's something disingenuous
about this piece from the outset the
piece continues this is why many Trump
appointees have vowed to do what we can
to preserve our democratic institutions
while forwarding mr. Trump's more
misguided impulses until he's out of
office so clearly don't want the
administration to succeed you want him
out of office the root of the problem is
the president's immorality anyone who
works with him knows he is not more to
any discernible first principles that
guide his decision-making which is like
forget about people who work with him
like anybody who watches him for any
prolonged period of time knows this is
true the president considers himself a
pragmatist he's never said that he is a
first principles guy although he was
elected as a Republican the president
shows little affinity for ideals long
espoused by conservatives free minds
free markets free people at best has
invoked these ideals in scripted
settings at worst he's attacked them
outright in addition to his mass
marketing of the notion that the press
is the enemy of the people
president Trump's impulses are generally
anti trade and anti-democratic
don't get me wrong
there are bright spots that the near
ceaseless negative coverage of the
administration fails to capture
effective deregulation historic tax
reform a more robust military and more
but these successes have come despite
not because of the president's
leadership style which is impetuous
adversarial petty and ineffective and it
continues along these lines for
paragraphs and paragraphs with the
result that they say that there's this
this anonymous author inside the Trump
administration says they have a
two-track presidency take foreign policy
in public and private president Trump
shows a preference for autocrats and
dictators such as Vladimir Putin of
Russia and kim jeong-hoon and displays
little genuine appreciation for the ties
that bind us two allied like-minded
nations astute observers have noted
though that the rest of the
administration is operating on another
track 1 more countries like Russia are
called out from meddling and punished
accordingly and we're allies around the
world are engaged as peers rather than
ridiculed as rivals well we know all of
this and they the the piece says this
isn't the work of the so-called deep
state it's the work of the steady state
so yes we are thwarting the president
when we are doing so because we are the
steady state and then this author
suggests that perhaps we should think
about removing the president through the
25th amendment invoking the 25th
amendment
they say that no one wants to
precipitate a constitutional crisis so
instead they're going to steer the
administration in the right direction
until one way or another it is over and
then there is a bunch of references
there a bunch of references to John
McCain and how wonderful John McCain is
and all the rest of it so there are a
bunch of questions to be asked one who
is this person okay it is not a
cabinet-level official it is known with
presidential aspirations it's the
riskiest political move ever
it is not Mike Pence despite how much
the left would love it to be Mike Pence
quietly stabbing president Trump between
the shoulder blades with his trademark
bland smile that is not happening okay
the vice president doing that it is not
nikki Haley who is safely ensconced in
New York far away from the silliness of
the White House this is some second-tier
low-level staffer okay it's a senior
official half the people in the White
House have the title senior official in
the White House this is probably some
senior official in like John Kelly's
team who doesn't like Trump very much
and feels like they might featherbed
their exit and that that's really what
the motive here is the motive here is
that it will be revealed okay within
within a week we'll know who this person
is and this person because it's not
gonna stay secret and this person is
going to come out to great applause from
the left this was a person who was
trying to thwart Trump and Trump fired
him how could from fire
this person who's trying to just make
the administration better and this
person will become not any inside the
White House resistance leader but a
resistance resistance leader that they
will turn into a a full-on and a navarro
character on MSNBC they'll be given a
rich TV contract they'll give him a big
given a rich book contract they will be
given exactly they'll be exonerated
exculpated for all of their terrible
terrible activity in associating with
President Trump this is the maiya culpa
it's a preliminary Maricopa and it
allows the person to exit the
administration amidst glory and huzzah
that's really what this editorial is for
so if you believe for a second that this
editorial is truly designed to either
make the administration better or to
inform the American people you're wrong
first of all we already knew all this
stuff legitimately like everything that
this guy says in the editorial I've been
saying for well for well over a year on
this program since legitimately a couple
of months into the administration I said
this administration is running along two
tracks President Trump says stuff and
then the people around him implement
stuff and those are not the same stuff
there's been very obvious to anyone who
watches at any level when I was on Bill
Maher's show I said this Bill Maher's
and well he always talks about Vladimir
Putin and I said right but then if you
look at the policy of the administration
it is not what he says the policy of the
administration is very harsh on Russia
it's it's quite obvious that this
administration involves the president
saying a lot of stuff being hands-off
delegating power to a lot of folks and
when people say it's a constitutional
crisis to have people around the
president thwarting his will I'm not
even sure what that means it's not as
though they are hiding him in a closet
preventing him from doing things he
wants to do they understand that the
president forgets about things and
doesn't care that much about other
things and that if they just don't put
something on his desk he's unlikely to
ever remember it again so they just
don't put it on his desk like is the
president's will what he wants to do in
the moment or as the president's will
what he cares about over the long haul
because this sort of manipulation does
happen at a much lower level in other
administration's there are people who
are slow walking policy all the time you
donate your job how many times at your
job does your boss say I need something
on my desk now and you think you know
what you'll be better if my boss got
this tomorrow I'm just gonna slow walk
it today is that you thwarting the will
of your company or is that you using
your independent judgment to try and
make the company better because maybe
your boss is about to make a rash
decision as sort of stuff happens all
the time in in your regular job if Trump
doesn't like it he still is plenary
power over the executive branch you can
fire whomever it wants this person will
be uncovered and fired nonetheless the
White House is is going to be torn apart
by the chaos of now attempting to of
attempting to uncover who exactly the
mole is and president Trump reacts as
his apt to do in pretty much the worst
possible way to this particular op-ed
and just as I'm sure the op-ed author
wanted him to react which is by acting
off the rails and that's sort of the
entire point of what the author was
trying to do here we'll talk about that
in just a second first let's talk about
the look of your home so you look around
your home and it just feels shabby
you're not sure why well believe it or
not it might be the window coverings in
fact you probably haven't thought about
the window coverings for a long time
they even for me when I do construction
on my house
I don't think about the window coverings
and then as soon as they're replaced
over a blinds calm I think wow that made
a huge difference a huge difference well
go over to blinds calm and make your
house look awesome today
blinds calm makes it really really easy
for you to change the window coverings
it means that you're not going to have
to spend the normos amounts of time and
money buying blinds instead if you're
not sure where to start or what you want
with blinds calm you get a free online
design consultation you send them
pictures of your house they send back
custom recommendations from a
professional for what will work with
your color scheme furniture in specific
rooms they'll even send you free samples
to make sure everything looks as good in
person as it does online every order
gets free shipping here's the best part
if you miss measure you pick the wrong
color you screw up blinds.com makes it
right for you for free right they will
remake your blinds for free if you screw
it up they've really made it easy for a
limited time get 20% off everything at
blinds comm when you use promo code Ben
that's blinds.com promo code Ben for 20%
off everything for wood blinds cellular
shades roller shades and more blinds
calm promo code Ben rules and
restrictions do apply okay so the
President of the United States reacts as
you would expect him to react to an
op-ed from inside his administration the
killers in the house ah calling from
upstairs on the phone oh my god
okay so president Trump reacts in
typical trumpian fashion he is in front
of a crowd of sheriffs who are some of
his closest allies because he's very Pro
law enforcement and here's President
Trump ripping into the failing New York
Times yeah
the New York Times and
and all of these phony media outlets
will be out of business folks they'll be
out of business because there'll be
nothing to write and there'll be nothing
of interest so if the failing New York
Times has an anonymous editorial can you
believe it anonymous meaning gutless a
gutless editorial we're doing a great
job okay and the truth is he's not wrong
about being gutless like if the person
actually wants to take a stand against
the administration publicly quit quit
and talk about how terrible it was or
alternatively if you actually want to
work inside the administration and make
it a better place shut your face why are
you going to the New York Times to brag
about how you anonymously are helping
the administration from the inside
except to provide yourself cover later
this is very obviously self-interested
do you really think anybody at the New
York Times would have printed an
anonymous op-ed from somebody inside the
Obama administration making the same
claims highly highly highly doubtful
because prints economist op eds is kind
of frowned upon it's kinda frowned upon
for pretty good reason which is that
there's no way to vet the claims of the
person who's actually making those
claims but we don't know who the senior
official is it could be some low-level
person who's met from once there are
hundreds of people working in the White
House hundreds of them so that is quite
plausible but President Trump then goes
to Twitter and he decides that he is
