a fired anti-trump FBI agent had his
hands in every single pie Nancy Pelosi
he loses what is left of her addled
brain Plus Roy Moore is back in
Republican good graces we'll talk about
all of it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show well the news is
breaking fast and furious I was just
joking to all of my producers before the
show that we might have to have a second
show a day because the news is actually
coming too fast to keep up with it in
the last 24 hours we've gotten all sorts
of fallout on the Muller investigation
we'll discuss all of that Nancy Pelosi
says that Armageddon has arrived in the
form of a basically normal Republican
tax bill Roy Moore is again back in
Republican good graces and president
Trump is making some pretty astonishing
moves with regard to Jerusalem so we
will get to all of those things I
promise first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at blinds.com so this
is part of your house they really don't
think about very much right you just go
home you go to sleep you don't think
about the fact that you've got a bunch
of blinds that look like somebody was
beat to death inside the blinds
strangled with the blinds hanging from
your windows it makes your apartment
look terrible it makes your house look
terrible that's why you need to get new
blinds you need new window coverings it
actually makes your house look much
better it upgrades your house look at
your house for just the right price
that's what blinds.com does they make it
really easy for you if you're not sure
what you want or even where to start
with blinds calm you get a free online
design consultation you send them
pictures of your house they send about
custom recommendations from a
professional for what will work with
your color scheme furniture specific
rooms they'll even send you free samples
to make sure that what you're looking at
online looks exactly like what it looks
like in the room itself and this is the
best part if you accidentally mismeasure
or you pick the wrong color if you screw
up blinds.com makes it right even though
it's your fault which is pretty amazing
for a limited time you get 20% off of
everything at blinds comm when you use
promo code Ben again you get 20% off
everything at blinds comm when you use
promo code Ben that's blinds.com promo
clip and 20% off everything that's faux
wood blinds and cellular shades and
roller shades and everything else use
that promo code and rules and
restrictions you apply I'm gonna use the
promo code Bennet blinds comm also so
that they know that we sent you okay so
yesterday there was a lot of fallout
from all of the furor surrounding Mike
Flynn the former national security
adviser who pled guilty to lying to the
FBI and we talked about yesterday
whether this entire thing this entire
Muller investigation is going to turn
out to
nothing with regard to collusion between
the Trump campaign in the Russians but
couldn't snare a bunch of Trump
officials who are too naive to know that
they weren't actually committing a crime
and so lied to the FBI so he could have
a series of situations in which people
like Mike Flynn or Jared Kushner are
caught up in lying to the FBI no
indication Kushner's done that yet but
Flynn already has pled guilty and then
you could have a bunch of talk about did
President Trump encourage them to lie to
the FBI is that obstruction of justice
and if so does that mean that Trump has
to be impeached so we could get a
scandal about a scandal about a non
scandal right no underlying bad Act
people lied to the FBI because they're
dumb or because they're incompetent and
then it turns out that they were told to
lie to the FBI
by people who are also dumb /
incompetent or just didn't know what
they were doing right all of that is a
possibility and a very very significant
possibility and then we find out an
actual bombshell this is late yesterday
evening East Coast time in actual
bombshell drops and that is that there
is an agent and Peter stroke I think
that's pronounced STR Z okay Peter
stroszek
struck stroke okay so I will call him
Peter stroke for purposes of this show
in any case Peter stroke was demoted
this summer why because it turns out
that he'd send anti-trump text to his
mistress why does that matter than a
random FBI agent working with Robert
Muller we're sending anti-trump text
messages to his mistress well it gives
you a window into the mind of this
particular FBI agent well why does that
matter why's this FBI agent very
important let me explain to you who this
FBI agent is this FBI agent was in
charge of the Hillary investigation this
FBI agent specifically changed the
language in former FBI director James
Comey statement about Hillary Clinton
originally they were supposed to say
that she had actually involved herself
in criminal negligence essentially and
this guy was responsible along with
Comey for changing the language to
extremely careless which is a non
criminal standard right you remember we
talked about this at the time that James
Comey had changed the actual legal
standard the legal standard does not
require intent to mistreat classified
information James Comey changed it to
pretend that it required intent and then
he changed the language to avoid the
fact that Hillary Clinton probably
should have been prosecuted well the guy
who actually changed that language was
Peter spruce a kazoo Peter Straub Peter
stroke okay who's that guy that guy
actually changed the language but not
just that
Peter stroke was also the fellow who
interviewed to Hillary Clinton aides
Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills it turns
out that both Huma
and Cheryl Mills likely wait for it lied
to the FBI where either of them ever
prosecuted no of course not neither of
them were prosecuted so Mike Flynn was
prosecuted for lying to the FBI but
nothing from Cheryl Mills or Huma Abedin
and the guy who's in charge of those
interviews was Peter stroke was sending
anti text message and high Trump text
messages to his mistress but wait
there's more it turns out that Peter
stroke was also the guy who based on the
Russian dossier helped decide to launch
the Russia collusion investigation in
the first place on the FBI level he
signed off on the documents this
anti-trump guy but wait there's more
he's also the FBI agent who interviewed
Mike Flynn so he was the guy in the room
with Mike Flynn positioning himself that
Mike Flynn could lie to him now does
that excuse Mike Flynn for lying no but
it is sort of suspicious like I'm just
wondering do the FBI have one agent like
is the only agent at the FBI now listen
to be fair it's possible he's a top
ranking agent he has his hands in a lot
of pies if he's near James Comey James
Comey 'he's at the top of the food chain
but it is suspicious when career
bureaucrats with actual extreme
political biases are having this major
an impact on presidential races on
transition teams on presidential
workings the whole thing is it does
think a little bit it stinks to say the
least this is leading The Wall Street
Journal to call for Mueller to step down
from his investigation and here's what
the Wall Street Journal says there is no
justification for withholding all of
this from Congress so Congress had
subpoenaed all this information from the
Muller team and the Muller treatment
basically stonewalled the Wall Street
Journal says there's no justification
for withholding all of this from
Congress which is also investigating
Russian influence and has constitutional
oversight authority justice and the FBI
have continued to defy illegal subpoenas
for documents pertaining to both
surveillance warrants and the infamous
steel dossier that was financed by the
Clinton campaign and relied on anonymous
Russian sources well there's no evidence
so far of Trump Russia collusion house
investigators have turned up enough
material to suggest that anti-trump
motives may have driven mr. Comey FBI
investigation remember the steel dossier
was brought to the FBI and then for some
reason the FBI thought it was credible
enough to actually pay Christopher
Steele the spy behind the steel dossier
which had all of these allegations about
Trump some of which have already been
debunked the most wild of which have
already been debunked all of this
reinforces our doubts as the Journal
editorial page about mr. Miller's
ability to conduct a fair and credible
of the FBI's considerable part in the
Russia Trump drama mr. Muller ran the
bureau for 12 years in his fast friends
with mr. Comey whose firing by mr. Trump
triggered his appointment of special
counsel the reluctance to cooperate with
the congressional inquiry compounds
doubts related to this clear conflict of
interest now let's be real here The Wall
Street Journal has been calling for
Muller to step down for at least a
couple of months based on his
relationship to Comey
I still think would be a mistake for
President Trump to fire Muller at this
point especially given the fact that he
now has a an ongoing excuse like a
constant and ongoing excuse to call into
doubt any any any sort of conclusions
reached by the motor team right now he
can say well is on Peter stroke or it
was James Comey and these guys were very
good friends with Robert Muller and
they're all working for the same team
together he's gonna be able to say to
his base no matter what that this is
unfair his base already believes this
isn't unfair the question is whether if
he fires him it looks like obstruction
of justice now as far as whether it is
technical obstruction of justice the
answer is no he's able to fire the
special counsel whenever he wants what
he can't do is tell the special counsel
how to conduct the investigation he
can't tell him I want you to find this
conclusion he also can't destroy
documents to prevent the Special Counsel
from finding them so obstruction of
justice is possible but if you were to
fire Muller that would not be
obstruction of justice if you were to if
he his firing of James coming no matter
what the reason was not obstruction of
justice because that is within his
constitutional purview this was the
point that Alan Dershowitz when my
professors over at Harvard Law School
was making out a lot of he got a lot of
flack for it but here's what Dershowitz
was saying on national TV about the
president's obstructing justice
professor is she right do you see a case
for obstruction building no I don't and
I think if Congress ever - were to
charge him with obstruction of justice
for exercising his constitutional
authority under article 2 we'd have a
constitutional crisis you cannot charge
a president with obstruction of justice
for exercising his constitutional power
of fire Comey and his constitutional
authority to tell the Justice Department
who to investigate who not to
investigate that's what Thomas Jefferson
did that's what Lincoln did that's what
Roosevelt did we have precedents that
clearly established that when George
Bush the first pardoned Caspar
Weinberger in order to end the
investigation that would have led to him
nobody suggests that obstruction of
justice
all of this is right woods what's the
saying
left took this out of context to say
that this means the president can never
obstruct justice in fact Trump's own
lawyer John Dowd who is not a competent
lawyer from what I can see he came out
and said the president can never
obstruct justice that's not true the
president can obstruct justice
obstruction of justice charges were part
of the impeachment proceedings that
would have proceeded against Richard
Nixon they were part of the impeachment
proceedings against Bill Clinton
you can't obstruct justice the way
obstruct justice is by destroying
documents as I said or by instructing a
special counsel that they need to reach
a certain conclusion telling them what
conclusion to reach but what is true is
that nothing Trump has done thus far
actually looks like obstruction of
justice
firing Mike Flynn is not obstruction of
justice firing James Comey is not
obstructing an obstruction of justice if
you fired Muller tomorrow that would not
actually be obstruction of justice and
again all of this is starting to cut in
Trump's favor because the fact is that
people now see the FBI as inherently
biased
you know when Trump first started this
crusade against the FBI I was skeptical
you can go back and listen to the shows
I was highly skeptical I said this looks
a lot like the president covering his
own ass
because he's in some sort of trouble
here and I have no evidence that the FBI
is out to get him particularly because
James Comey may have won him the
election in the last week of the
election with that letter that basically
reopened the Hillary investigation which
in an election that close could have
swung those hundred thousand votes in
the three states the Trump needed in
order to win with all of that said it is
now clear the bureaucrats inside the FBI
and their political biases do make a
difference they do make a difference and
that's why full transparency is
necessary now in Muller's defense I want
to be fair here okay
in Muller's defense Muller did fire
Peters for Zack ado Peter stroke he did
fire him right he did demote him when he
found out about this the problem is he
didn't tell Congress about it so it
looks like he was trying to split the
baby he was trying to minimize the
impact of bias on his investigation but
he also didn't want the public to know
about the level of bias that was
implicit in the FBI's conduct conducting
of the Hillary investigation as well as
the Trump Russia investigation right so
all of that is is somewhat disturbing
but it doesn't say to me the Muller is
so biased that he needs to be fired or
that Muller is is running a bad
investigation at this point it does look
though like he's fishing that's what it
looks like to me it looks like Muller is
fishing and this is all the things he's
bringing now are very far flung from the
original charges remember what Democrats
were saying is that what originally
happened here is the Donald Trump and
the Trump campaign colluded with
so far there is zero evidence of that
actual collusion that has been brought
there's evidence that they wanted to
collude there's no evidence of actual
collusion none okay so that means the
Democrats are not getting what they want
at this point and they're getting
frustrated and so they're looking for
obstruction to to get them out of this
and I'm not sure that's going to happen
okay well in other news Nancy Pelosi is
is going fully insane the Democrats are
going fully insane over this tax bill
this new tax bill is out and we are
going to see a final version of it
they're now going to go to conference
committee the house passed a version the
Senate passed a version there are pretty
significant differences the most
significant differences that the Senate
version has a repeal of the individual
mandate which is a very good thing it
says that you are no longer bound to buy
health insurance it's bad in the sense
that what it's going to do is drive up
insurance premiums in the individual
market because the individual mandate
was meant to force people like me young
healthy people to buy insurance for
ourselves at very high prices in order
to subsidize all the sick people who
also want to buy individual insurance
for themselves I don't buy the prices
rise on the sick people the federal
government is filling in that gap so the
federal government is actually
subsidizing the health care for poor and
and ill people at a higher level than
they were before the removal of the
individual mandate that said it's a very
big move to get rid of the individual
mandate in the Senate bill that does not
exist actually in the House bill that
said we're about to go to conference
committee on it they've picked the
people for the conference committee this
thing is going to pass the house it is
going to pass the Senate there will be a
tax reform bill which is a major
accomplishment for the Trump
administration the Democrats are going
completely nuts over it before I tell
you how Nancy Pelosi has utterly lost
her mind I mean completely and utterly
lost what was left of her already addled
brain first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at MVM tea watches so
MVM tea watches was founded on the
belief that style should not break the
bank all of their styles are minimalist
I own 2m VMT watches I bought one for my
wife as well even though they're an
advertiser I actually spent my own money
to get an MD MT watch for my wife she
loves it that's because they're amazing
looking watches how good-looking are
they because they look like this right
this looks like a $400 watch this is not
a $400 watch all of their watches look
great and as I say they're incredibly
durable last time around I said that my
son bashes the watch about and the watch
is totally fine not only does he bash it
about he loves it too much he stuffed it
in his car seat I couldn't find it for a
week I was heartbroken
we found it there this is the second MV
MT watch he has stolen and stuck in his
car seat so that gives you two pieces of
information
everyone loves em VMC Washington my son
is an incipient criminal all of that
said MV MT watches make a fantastic
Christmas gift a great Konica gift you
can skip the crowds you don't have to
stand in crazy lines of them all and you
get an inexpensive watch that looks like
an expensive watch it is just fantastic
they start and 95 bucks at a department
store four to five hundred bucks they've
cut out the middleman that's how they
can do this over 1 million watches sold
in over 160 countries
MVM t is making gift-giving easy right
now so there MVM t-dot-com / shapiro and
you get any watch plus a free strap all
placed in an elegant gift box ready to
give and shipping is free and if you
don't like it returns are free too but I
promise you once you see it looks even
better in person than it does online
they all have really clean designs MVM
t-dot-com / shapiro
that's MVM t comm / up here when we use
that / up arrow again you buy any watch
and you get a free strap all placed in a
really a nice gift box makes a really
easy gift and relieves you of the duty
of having to actually think about it or
spend tons of money doing it they're
great MVM t-dot-com / appear i'll go
check it out let them know that we say
okay so here is Nancy Pelosi the Botox
as I say has seeped into her prefrontal
cortex and here she is explaining that
we actually have reached Armageddon like
Bruce Willis Ben Affleck Liv Tyler full
Armageddon here we go now it is the end
of the road this healthcare the debate
on health care is life death this is
Armageddon this is a very big deal
because you know why there's really a
