so did President Trump try to fire
Robert Mueller and if so does it matter
plus the Trump administration rolls out
its big immigration plan and people on
both sides are unhappy and we'll go to
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
[Music]
all righty so here we are and it's
finally a Friday time has moved so
slowly that let me remind you the
government shutdown ended on Monday okay
bleep Holgate started 14 days ago we
have now gone down to the water planet
and interstellar where every hour is
actually seven years of time and we are
stuck there because every day is at
least seven seventy-three news cycles
but the good news is that gives us a lot
to talk about and we'll get to all of it
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so if things
feel relatively uncertain even with the
economy as good as it is the fact is
that you need to diversify you need at
least some of your money in precious
metals Birch gold group is a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau and if
you contact Birch gold group right now
you get a free information kit on
physical precious metals it's a great
hedge against inflation one of the
reasons people are investing in Bitcoin
is because they don't trust the
government manipulation of the currency
while owning precious metals also hedges
your bets against that sort of thing
they will send you this comprehensive 16
page kit revealing how gold and silver
can protect your savings how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit go to www.google.com
slash Ben that's birchgold.com slash Ben
check it out
birchgold.com slash Ben and again
they're the people who I would trust
make sure you ask all your questions
make sure that you get all your answers
and then when you're ready to invest in
precious metals birchgold.com slash bad
news that slash Ben so that they know
that we sent you okay so the big
breaking news of the day is of course
this big New York Times report that back
in June of 2017 President Trump tried to
fire Robert Mueller so according to
Muller I looked it up it's now smaller
okay I'm getting it wrong for months
it's Muller okay so hover Muller is of
course the special investigator who's
appointed in June 2017
after president from fired James Comey
and then after he used a Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein in the process of
doing it forcing Rosenstein to recuse
himself in the Trump Russia collusion
investigation and turned the whole thing
over to a special investigator Jeff
Sessions did not protect from because
he'd recused himself Rosenstein didn't
protect Trump cuz he had to recuse
himself because of the Comey firing and
now it looks as though Muller as I've
been saying for at least several weeks
is moving from
- obstruction now the problem with the
obstruction of justice case is that in
order to actually say that somebody's
obstructed justice you actually need to
fulfill one of three laws and I'm going
through the three laws a couple of times
explaining what exactly these three laws
mean because there are three different
statues statutes but let's go through
them again because I think that we need
to have this clear in our mind when
people say that some sort of criminal
activity went forward or that robert
muller is going to get trump there's two
ways to get Trump one is to hit him so
hard politically the Democrats have a
reason to impeach and the other is to
actually suggest criminal obstruction of
justice as I say there are three types
of obstruction of justice under the US
law 18 US Code 1503 I'm going through
his background again we did it a little
earlier this week but I think it's
important the Omnibus Clause covers
corruptly or by any threatening letter
or communication influencing or impeding
or endeavoring to influence obstruct or
impede the due administration of justice
so the clause requires a pending
judicial proceeding so that means that
Trump would pursue it like an FBI
investigation isn't enough would be him
trying to bribe a prosecutor or
something the Supreme Court is pretty
exacting on the application of the law
the prosecutor would actually need to
prove that Trump's conduct materially
impeded the investigation even James
Comey said when he was fired afterward
that Trump did not materially impede the
investigation so if it is true that
Trump tried to fire robber Muller the
special investigator then that still is
not materially impeding the
investigation so this part of the code
is probably not being fulfilled then
there is 18 US Code 1512 C this
provision of law covers anyone who
obstructs influences or impedes an
official proceeding or attempts to do so
so there are a few questions about this
one is an FBI investigation and official
proceeding - you actually have to prove
criminal intent you have to prove that
Trump wanted to impede the investigation
now this would be the area of the code
where Trump would be in the most trouble
but you also have to show that you took
a substantial step toward the
accomplishment of that goal toward an
accomplishment of an attempt to obstruct
justice I'm not sure that that's fulfill
a ball because again even if Trump
wanted to fire Muller and even if you
think that would constitute obstruction
he withdrew that he didn't actually fire
Muller and when he fired Comey
he had every right to do that you can
fire your FBI director for any reason
whatsoever so the idea that that is
technical obstruction of justice is
pretty weak it would be very difficult
to convicting a but in the court of
public opinion there is a different
problem right so here is the story from
the New York Times with all that in mind
but the fact that there is a section of
the US code that theoretically might be
applied against Trump maybe although
you'd have to explain why it is that he
doesn't have the executive authority
just to fire fire Muller or fire Comey
for any reason at all
obstruction of justice by the way my
president would look not like him firing
somebody it would and then letting the
investigation continue it would look
more like him going to Robert Muller and
saying you will find me innocent or I
will fire you right those are the two
choices you'll find me innocent Rio
fiery that would be obstruction of
justice for him just to say I don't like
this investigation and bothers me you're
fired not quite sure that that is
obstruction of justice particularly if
the investigation continues afterward
anyway the New York Times broke this
story so I say back in June 2017 as it
became clear that Special Counsel Robert
Muller was looking for a pattern of
possible obstruction of justice in
Trump's behavior Trump ordered Muller
fired
he only retracted the order when white
House Counsel Don Magan threatened to
quit so according to The Times report
Trump said that Muller had a bunch of
different conflicts of interest and you
can tell that this report is probably
true because of what Trump said was the
conflict of interest conflict of
interest number one according to Trump
was that Muller had resigned his
membership had the trump National Golf
Club in Sterling Virginia years ago over
a dispute over membership fees that is
not a conflict of interest again that's
that silly second Trump said Muller
could not be impartial because his law
firm had represented Trump's son-in-law
Jared Kushner again that is not really a
thing right law firms law firms
represent lots of people if if Muller
didn't work on that case it probably
wouldn't matter so an a-plus if you're
talking conflicts of interest Trump was
interviewing Muller as a possible FBI
director before Muller took the special
counsel job finally Trump's and Muller
had been had been up for the FBI
Director position before he was
appointed special counsel it's unclear
why that would actually be a conflict of
interest okay fine so The Times reports
after receiving the president's word
afire Muller the White House Counsel Don
Magan refused to ask the Justice
Department to dismiss the special
counsel saying he would quit instead
they spoke on the condition of anonymity
because they did not want to be
identified discussing a continued
investigation
McGann disagreed with the president's
case and told senior White House
officials that firing Muller would have
a catastrophic effect on mr. Trump's
presidency mr. McGann also told the
White House officials that mr. Trump
would not follow through on the
dismissal on his own the president then
backed off that of course was true Trump
has been threatening to fire sessions
for over over a year and I fired him
Trump has been threatening to fire me
he's threatened to fire Magan before
he's threatened fire everybody the truth
is that Trump really doesn't fire anyone
Mike Flynn resigned he wasn't actually
fired so why does this matter number one
it's not what the left cracks it up to
be so he didn't actually fire Muller if
he had fired Muller then we'd be talking
about obstruction of justice it would
look like the Saturday night massacre
the Saturn a massacre going all the way
back to 1973 Watergate is when there was
a special investigator Archibald Cox who
was called in to look at Watergate and
Trump asked his attorney general to fire
Archibald Cox the Attorney General
refused and so Trump fired the Attorney
General sorry Nixon yes and this would
be Nixon back in 1973 so here is it so
here is the so obviously that's not
happening here he didn't fire Muller he
didn't fire his Attorney General he
didn't fire Rosenstein he didn't fire
sessions he hasn't fired he hasn't fired
anybody right so but here's here's what
Muller is going to do he's gonna put
together to the following fact and he's
he's going to say or it could say that
this is an attempt to obstruct justice
the Trump is attempting to skew the
investigation so here are all the things
Trump has done and they're equally
explicable by stupidity as always I tend
to believe the Trump is being an idiot
not Trump is being nefarious story
because I think that mostly Trump is
being an idiot not nefarious so here are
all the things Trump has done first he
fired National Security Advisor Mike
Flynn Trump implied that that was
prompted by FBI lying and Flynn lying to
the FBI
then he reportedly asked FBI director
Comey to lay off of Flynn now if he
asked him to laugh and Flynn knowing
that he had already lied to the FBI is
that obstruction of justice not clearly
because he obviously didn't take any
measures against Comey from February all
the way until May right and Comey
continued to after Flynn the president
then fired Comey and acknowledged
publicly it had to do with the Russia
investigation but he was saying at the
time that it wasn't because he wanted to
stop the investigation it's because he
is innocent and Comey wouldn't say
openly that he was innocent okay the
president then had a continuous stream
of invective against Attorney General
Jeff Sessions for accusing himself on
Russia again is that obstruction of
justice not really the president
attacked Attorney General Deputy
Attorney General Rosenstein attacked
Deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe and
now the parents that the president's
apparent attempt to fire Mueller
now none of this amounts to legal
obstruction probably as I say in the
Salander Schwartz has said the president
is the head of the executive branch the
investigation has not been quieted in
any way so whatever attempts were
happening it's hard to prove attempts
when there was no actual impeding of the
investor
so that is that is point number one when
it comes to this Muller stuff but it's
gonna be used as the left as evidence
that Trump actually wanted to shut down
the investigation and then he wasn't
able to do it and then he failed in
doing so but if he had had his druthers
he would have that's going to be part of
this this broader suggestion by the left
that Trump is trying to obstruct justice
even if there's no hard proof that Trump
is trying to obstruct justice and the
more plausible case is that Trump is
just pissed these people don't say he's
innocent and so he's mouthing off a lot
which I've been saying for months is my
read on the situation okay so in just a
second I'm going to explain another
scandal that is that is afoot and that
of course has to do with the FBI's
treatment of Hillary Clinton but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Zeile comm so if you are
interested in getting a massage right
you're stressed out it's been a long
week it's been a while since since the
holidays and now you just need a massage
this is the great thing about Zeile so
Zeile is the perfect solution for anyone
who wants a high quality massage in the
convenience of their own home you don't
have to go to the spy or enough to
schedule weeks in advance you can just
literally go on their app and order a
licensed masseuse to come to your house
and you can choose style you can choose
the gender of the masseuse and then the
person comes to your house with the
table with the oils with the music they
turn your house into a spa it makes a
great Valentine's Day gift make somebody
give generally it's pretty amazing
so to help you get started our listeners
can get twenty five dollars off their
first massage by using the promo code
been at checkout and it gets even better
if you sign up for zeals massage
membership you get 20% off all your
massages plus a free massage table and
sheet set a $380 value yours free
there's no initiation fee to join the
membership just a great additional
savings on top of the $25 discount
you're gonna get when you use promo code
Ben
so go to zeals eee Elcom or on zeals
iPhone or Android app and then make sure
to click add promo code to check out to
use my code Ben and get that $25 off
your first in-home on-demand massage and
as I say it is a fantastic fantastic
gift I've given it to my wife to my
mother-in-law to my mom to my dad to my
sister so I've given it's pretty much
everybody in the family and I've used it
myself 7 days a week 365 days a year
zeal massage therapists can be at your
door it's just fantastic zeal comm make
sure you use that promo code Ben and
check out and get 25 bucks off your
first in-home on-demand massage okay so
with all of them all our stuff blowing
up the internet with all the Muller
stuff blowing up the the
the TV and and blowing up the New York
Times and blowing up all the media oh my
god he thought about doing something
they didn't knew it which again seems
not supremely scandalous to me there is
something that is supremely scandalous
okay there are new texts between those
anti-trump FBI agents and one of the
reasons that people don't trust the FBI
they don't trust the Intel community on
Trump is because of this sort of stuff
on Thursday night Senator Chuck Grassley
released seven pages of text between FBI
counterintelligence agent Peter struck
and his FBI paramour lisa page those
texts
show that both struck and Paige were
interested in letting Hillary Clinton
off the hook so as to earn the FBI's
goodwill with the presumed next
president so here's what the actual text
said Paige wrote to struck on February
25 2016 this is before the interview
with Hillary Clinton quote one more
thing she might be our next president
the last thing you need us going in
there loaded for bear you think she's
gonna remember or care that it was more
DOJ than FBI the obvious implication go
easy on Hillary she might be the
president and then she might get angry
at the FBI for having interviewed her in
nasty fashion and struck Rebecca green I
called the FBI counterintelligence had
bill pre step and related what we
discussed he agrees I will email you and
redacted and then someone else whose
name is redacted another one of the text
from page two struck suggested that then
FBI chief of staff James ryebeck II
thought that the FBI deputy director
Andrew McCabe who is still own job
should recuse himself from the Clinton
matter because of his wife's
relationship with Virginia Governor
Terry McAuliffe right mccabe has the
recused him as he recused himself in the
he eventually did he can recuse himself
from the Clinton stuff like a week
before the election but I should have
done it months before apparently Paige
wrote quote ryebeck he just called to
check in he very clearly 100% believes
that andy mccabe should be recused
because of the perception so Grassley
wrote a letter to the FBI's current
director Christopher Wren quote in
October 2015 then director Comey said if
you know my folks they don't give a rip
about politics they cared very much
about politics to the detriment of the
bureau's mission and objectivity so all
this is really damning stuff for all the
talk about how the FBI is crystal is
crystal clear transparent absolutely
clean for all of the talk about that
that is just not the case it's just not
the case now does that mean that there's
an FBI deep state coup to take down
Trump no the evidence isn't all there of
that especially because there isn't a
countervailing text message from structu
page saying he didn't want to be staffed
on the Moller investigation
because he thought there was no there
there I think that Chris Wallace is
basically correct when he says that
we're not there on the DP state cou
here's what here's what Wallace said on
Fox News apparently and here is the
Inspector General we only found out
about this in the last week and the
Inspector General was able to come up
with it so again look there's a lot of
things that are troubling there are a
lot of questions to ask I fully agree
that we need to pursue all of this I'm
not sure that talking about deep state
cooze against the president or
corruption at the highest levels of the
FBI I'm not quite sure we're there yet
okay and I think that's probably correct
that's why I've been saying just wait
just wait you know hold in abeyance
there there will be evidence that comes
out on some of this stuff but when every
time everybody jumps ahead of the story
it comes back to bite them right Ron
Johnson being the case in point the
senator from Wisconsin who had been
talking about a secret society inside
the FBI and then yesterday he had to
admit and maybe the secret society stuff
was just a joke text message seems to be
a comment about secret society was
ingest do you agree that it appears to
be it was a just thank you okay so and
that that seems to be a big step down
from the notion that we were all going
to we were all going to find out that
there was this big deep state coup
happening against the the Trump
administration and now with all that
