all righty so the President of the
United States is in supremely hot water
after he calls a bunch of countries
bleep holes and then suggests that
people shouldn't immigrate from there to
here we will explain what the
controversy is about from every possible
angle plus we've got the mailbag and the
media have decided that they don't
actually have to use bleeps anymore
they're just gonna say straight out
holes so we'll talk about all those
things I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
it's another day in another controversy
which means that all of Twitter all of
the news cycle all of Facebook is now a
flaming bleep hole this is where we are
now yes it wasn't as though anyone could
have predicted that life would become a
turd tornado should fish should politics
make a turn in this direction
no one ever would have used that sort of
language say hmm a year ago two years
ago but you know we'll just leave that
out there okay before I go any further I
want to say the next Tuesday January
16th you should tune in at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific to daily wire
comm or our Facebook page or our YouTube
page because we're doing our fifth
episode of the conversation which
features Andrew Clavin and Alecia Kraus
subscribe today and you become part of
the conversation you can ask drew live
questions and he will answer those for
everyone to hear again his conversation
is gonna stream live I'm Dylan we're
Facebook page if you want to ask
questions you have to go over to our
website at Daley we're calm click on the
conversation page you can watch the live
stream just type your questions into the
daily wear chat box and Alicia will
funnel those to Drew so you can only do
that if you subscribe again you can get
your questions answered by Andrew Clavin
Tuesday January 16th 5:00 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific and join the conversation
so I'm very eager to break down
everything to do with president Trump's
alleged at remarks I say alleged because
it's not clear whether he actually said
them he's now denied saying them bunch
of people in the room say that he said
them we don't know what he said or how
he said it there's no context there's no
tape we'll get to all of that in a
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at texture so you love
information and you love in-depth
information going in-depth reporting
well that's where the magazine business
really does some great stuff you know
daily wire we have a lot of great
commentary and we have a lot of great
quick hit reporting but if you want
these sort of in-depth love forum
profiles where you learn to in-depth
information about topics that's what
magazine industry really does a
tremendous job texture gets you their
texture has leading titles like time the
Atlantic the New York or Vanity Fair and
wired and right now you can try a
texture for free it's better than print
because you get it all digitally you can
have over 200 of your favorite magazines
and their back issues anytime anywhere
you're sitting around your board you
pull out your your iPad and suddenly
you're looking at back issues of Sports
Illustrated it's fantastic check your
tell you can go to texture comm slash
bend right now texture comm slash Ben
and you get a free trial texture calm /
Ben and if you
and you love it then you get texture
comm for $9.99 a month and that's 30%
off they're listed price section more
than 30% off the de listed price you get
a discount when you use texture comm
slash men and you get your free trial
and then if you choose to continue then
texture comm slash Ben allows you to get
texture for just $9.99 a month which is
over 30% off their listed price texture
comm slash pen make sure that you're
getting the best and most in-depth
information that the magazine industry
has to offer again that's like less than
the cost very often of getting one or
two of these magazines subscribed mega
200 which is pretty awesome okay so
yesterday all hell breaks loose all hell
breaks loose because the President of
the United States has been bipartisan
meeting over deferred action for
childhood arrivals now Trump thinks he's
behind closed doors I need things this
is an off-the-record conversation as
Trump should know by now when you're in
a room with Democrats and Republicans
the chances of what you say remain on
background or secret are very very slim
to none Trump apparently forgot this
little problem and so he decided to
sound off about immigration so here's
what the Washington Post originally said
so they reported yesterday that Trump
had have been having a conversation
about protecting immigrants from Haiti
El Salvador and African countries right
and when he was talking about El
Salvador that was particularly of
interest because the Trump
administration had moved to basically
revoke the the temporary visas for
people who have been from in the United
States from El Salvador 200,000 of them
they've been there for seven for I think
15 years and in Trump provoked some of
their visas we don't know the context of
the comments it's unclear where Trump
made these comments but here is what he
said we don't know whether he's talking
about the visa diversity lottery program
or whether he was talking about targeted
deportation of illegal immigrants from
particular countries that doesn't make a
difference because here's what Trump
supposedly said he said quote why are we
having all these people from bleep whole
countries come here bleep is another
word for poop okay why are we having all
these people from bleep whole countries
come here and then the post continues
Trump then suggested that the United
States should instead bring more people
from countries such as Norway whose
Prime Minister he met with Wednesday the
president according to a White House
official also suggested he'd be open to
more immigrants from Asian countries
because he felt they helped the United
States economically
he then reportedly continued why do we
need more Haitians take them out so Jake
Tapper reports that what he meant by
that is who specifically
about revoking the the temporary visas
for Haitians who have been here after
the the earthquake about ten years ago
so those that's the entirety of the
comments right that apparently he's
talking about Haiti and African
countries and he said why are we having
all these people from bleep whole
countries come here and then he said why
do we need more Haitians take them out
so I'm gonna give you my basic take on
on all of this but in light of how
people have reacted to this so there
have been a bunch of reactions against
these comments obviously is this
something that the President of the
United States should be saying not even
close not even close okay this is not
something the presidents of the United
States should be dropping in private or
public it's kind of yucky and not just
is it yucky the implication could be
taken is racist now I'm gonna give you
two possible reads of his comments it's
very hard to read by the way the second
comments why do we need more Haitians
take them out as anything but bigoted
but those first comments why are we
having all these people from bleep whole
countries come here people aren't taking
this to mean that he means that everyone
from bleep whole country is a bleep hole
and that's why they shouldn't come here
I'm not sure that that is fully in
evidence so there's a few reasons why
people are angry today and what we'll go
through why people are angry and as we
go through you will see sort of why I
think that that this may be a little bit
overblown depending on how you interpret
his comments first of all let me explain
the vagary in the comments there are two
ways of interpreting this comment way
one is he's saying they're bleep whole
countries and the people from those
countries are bleep hole errs and
therefore they shouldn't come to the
United States this would be bigotry
right to suggest that patients cannot
come to the United States because
Haiti's a bad country is just sewing
okay it's just a silly idea it's not
just silly it's it's bigoted it's racist
it's counterproductive the huge number
of Haitian immigrants come to the United
States and get college degrees I believe
that the the statistic is something like
four new African immigrants four
countries Haiti's not in Africa but from
four African immigrants the number of
people who come to the United States and
get college degrees actually higher than
the American population at large
immigrant populations very often are
escaping bad countries that's the reason
they're coming here and so they know why
their countries are bad right look at
Cuban immigrants who are coming from
Cuba
Cuba's kind of a bleep hole country
according to many Cuban expatriates
that's why they're leaving that's why
they're coming here the same thing is
true of the Vietnamese boat people who
left and came here because they're
trying to escape the
production of their country so the idea
that you're coming from a country that's
a bleep hole and therefore you're a
bleep hole is obviously racist and silly
and bigoted a huge percentage of people
who came over from Nazi Germany ended up
being wonderful citizens of the United
States Germans and Jews alike the same
thing is true people who are trying to
escape Russian pogroms and polish
pogroms same thing is true of people who
come from China the vast majority of
immigrants to this country are wonderful
people who are trying to do hard work
and enrich the country by coming here
since the suggestion you can judge a
person from the country because they're
from the country is of course bigotry
and people who are reading from comments
this way have a little bit of support in
the idea that Trump has said in the past
for example that a Mexican judge could
not properly judge him because he was
Mexican so people are looking at Trump's
track record of linking ethnicity to
politics or to judgment or to capacity
and they're saying that this fits in
with those comments so that's a
plausible read here's another plausible
read okay and this is the one people are
ignoring the other plausible read is
that Trump is saying look we have a
diversity diversity visa lottery program
and the diversity visa lottery program
is designed to take in people by country
it doesn't evaluate them on an
individual level now let me backtrack
for a second my own position on
immigration is if there is no welfare if
there is no social safety net I am for
free and open immigration whoever wants
to come can come I don't have a problem
with anybody coming here so long as
they're not mooching off anyone I don't
care what country they're from I do care
about cultural impact I do care about
the viewpoints they suppose they're not
coming here to be violent if they
assimilate to American ideology I don't
care where you are from okay that said
the diversity visa lottery program is
the opposite of that the diversity visa
lottery program says that we are
specifically going to bring people in
from down trodden countries from
countries that don't send a lot of
immigrants through the legal immigration
process we're going to go to those
countries and bring in a large number of
immigrants from those specific countries
originally the diversity visa lottery
program was actually designed to get
more Irish immigrants into the country
in 1965 because there'd been a rapid
decrease in the number of Irish
immigrants entering the country and so
they wanted to use the diversity visa
lottery to increase the number of Irish
apparently in 65 that shifted in 1990
and the number one beneficiary of
diversity visa lottery program are
people from African countries so here's
what Trump could be saying he could be
saying
if we have to judge people only by
country and we're not gonna look at them
as individuals which is really how we
should do an immigration program we
should look at people and say is this a
good person or is this a bad person is
this someone we want in the country or
is this someone we don't want in the
country right that's the way we should
do immigration always but the diversity
visa lottery program says okay you're
from Ghana you get in you're from France
you don't write that that's that's
really how the lottery program works and
so Trump might be saying listen that
seems backward to me in the sense that
if you are just going to take as the
only descriptor the country of origin
you have to look at the country of
origin and country of origin does make a
difference it is easier put it put aside
race it's easier for example to
integrate someone from Great Britain
into American ideals than it is to
integrate somebody from say Russia in
American ideals now Russians are still
white people but the idea that you're
coming from a government where there's
no history of American ideology that
meant that makes no difference at all on
average it does make a difference and
I'll give you some statistics later that
show that it make a difference but the
point is this we shouldn't be responding
to the diversity visa lottery by doing
what Trump said which is bringing more
people from Norway we should be saying
no diversity visa lottery because every
individual should be elevated or dead or
degraded on their merits we should have
a merit based immigration immigration
system that's the way that we should do
this so those are the two plausible ways
of reading what Trump said now in a
second I'm going to explain to you all
the various ways that people have taken
his comments and the way that the left I
have to say they are so stupid because
they have a win here right if they want
to hit Trump is a racist it's not hard
to get from point A to point B but they
somehow completely miss point B and they
just go to point Z it's truly crazy I'm
gonna show you in just a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Tommy John so right now
this moment I'm wearing the best
underwear that I have ever worn they are
just spectacular Tommy John's okay
innovative designs patented fabrics it
ensures that your underwear doesn't ride
up it's true it does not write up the
waistband does not roll down you will
never get a wedgie you don't have to
it's it's really comfortable it's
stretchable you never have to adjust its
it's like these underwear are truly
magnificent and they have some unique
design features that are quite
convenient and wonderful so check out
Tommy John's okay I've tried a bunch of
different underwear brands and this one
is the best okay Tommy John I can say
even if they were not an advertiser
saying this Tommy John's is the best
they've taken their comfort expertise
they've applied it to the rest of your
apparel as well so you can get
undershirts that stay tucked socks that
don't fall down
second skin tees that are really really
soft and a choice of smart fabrics for
every situation or outfit also if you
don't like it they have a best pair
you'll ever wear or it's free guaranteed
so you've got nothing to lose you order
it you don't like it and it's free so
Tommy John no adjustment needed to go to
Tommy John's comm slash up here you get
20% off your first order that's Tommy
John comm slash up hero for 20% off
Tommy John comm slash Shapiro and that
gets you your 20% off your first order
plus it lets them know that we sent you
you're not gonna regret it the underwear
are just terrific and so are their other
clothing items ok again this Tommy John
comm slash up here oh no adjustment
needed and that is meant in every sense
of the phrase ok so the media lost their
minds yesterday because they didn't just
say what Trump is saying here is that
he's judging immigrants by their country
of origin and that's bigoted there you'd
have a pretty solid argument right you'd
have a solid argument now as I say Trump
could say listen I wasn't saying that
you're judging people by their country
of origin I'm saying that if you are
going to judge people by their country
of origin as the university visa lottery
suggests then you do have to look at the
difference between the cultures of Great
Britain and the cultures of say Russia
or Spain or Greece or any other country
right you're gonna have a hierarchy of
countries from which it is most likely
that people are going to be easily able
to assimilate that doesn't seem
completely unreasonable to me and Trump
could even say if you look at that
Washington Post story I say as much when
I said I want more Asian immigrants
meaning from places like South Korea
which has a very westernized country as
opposed to say as opposed say Ivory
Coast right there there are certain
countries where integration is going to
be easier then you would have to provide
some statistics to prove it I will talk
about the statistics in a little while
but that is not what the media are going
nuts over so the media have gone nuts
over a few different things here the
first thing they've gone nuts over is
the actual vulgarity that Trump said the
word bleep hole now number one Trump
said the word bleep hole behind closed
doors and I find it a little bit
ridiculous that everybody in the media
is saying how dare Trump say that there
are countries that are bleep holes
I've sat with a lot of these members of
the media they will call red states
bleep holes they will call their
apartment a bleep hole
they will suggest that there is it that
the recycling center two blocks from
their house is a bleep hole the idea
that you can't say the word bleep hole
that suddenly they're very offended by
this is belied by the fact that they
then went on
TV and decided to say the actual word
bleep hole but not bleeping it over and
over and over so Jim Acosta went nuts
yesterday and he just decided to say
bleep hole 1,000 times in a row again I
don't know what editorial standard is
here I know NPR has now said that
they're not gonna bleep it out they're
gonna say Shh hole right there and
they're not actually gonna believe it
out they're gonna say the entire word
now what's amazing about this is of
course this is not the first time in
American politics that people have
cursed before before I get to the media
going crazy over this first I want to
show you okay you remember when Joe
Biden it was a big headline Joe Biden
said to Barack Obama then when Obamacare
passes out on an open mic this is a big
effing deal flashback okay here's a
Biden saying that ladies and gentlemen
the president the United States of
America Barack Obama
thank you everybody okay so he says
there if you get in here it is a big
effing deal right there's a big effing
deal and this was such not a big deal to
people that the Democratic Party put out
a t-shirt with this on it or they put
out a t-shirt with the with health
reform is a BFT I remember they sold
this on the Democratic Party website did
the media actually write out f you know
actually spell it out did they actually
spell out the F word did they actually
