president Trump meets shooting victims
and CNN runs one of the worst town halls
on gun control I have ever seen in my
life it's truly egregious orwellian two
minutes of hate stuff I'll go through
all of it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
we have a lot to get to today we're
gonna spend a lot of time with the CNN
Town Hall that took place last night
moderated by Jake Tapper I think Jake is
a pretty good journalist but I think
that this did not do him any credit I
thought that the I thought that the CNN
special last night which featured all of
these shooting survivors asking
questions of Marco Rubio really casting
accusations at Marco Rubio and it's a
lash of the National Rifle Association
and then a crowd filled with people from
Broward County where the shooting took
place cheering wildly screaming booing
it really was it was an egregious scene
I'm gonna go through all that I'm gonna
explain why it was so bad also President
Trump at the White House asking
questions of and being asked questions
by shooting survivors one of those
events was good one of those events not
so much I'll explain all of this first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Birch gold so Adlon certainty in
the world right now you've seen the
volatility in the stock market's been
going up it's been going down but if you
want a safe haven if you want at least
some of your assets and precious metals
the people you need to talk to my
friends over at Birch gold so when you
go over to birchgold.com slash Bend you
get a comprehensive 16 page kit free
revealing how gold and silver can
protect your savings how you can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA the
nice thing about Birch gold you can
trust them they've a long-standing track
record of continued success in a plus
rating from the Better Business Bureau
countless five-star reviews there's
people I trust for my pleasure precious
metals investments go to Birch gold
group right now and ask them for the
free information kit just go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben use that slash
Ben as well so that they'll a they know
that we sent you there the people that I
would trust when it comes to investing
in precious metals and again everyone
should have at least part of their
portfolio in a solid asset like precious
metals alright so we begin today now at
the CNN Town Hall we'll get to that in
just a few minutes but with an actual
useful thing okay this useful thing
happened at the White House yesterday so
at the White House yesterday the
President of the United States had a
bunch of people in who had been shooting
victims family of shooting victims some
people from parkland Florida some people
from Sandy Hook some people from from
other mass shootings that have taken
place around the country and he had a
listening session with them now Trump
was mocked by the media because he was
holding a piece of paper during this
with notes on it and one of the notes
said I hear you that's the idea was oh
well I guess he's being coached to hear
people but President Trump actually is
quite good in these
sorts of situations and I think to
everyone surprised they expected him to
get angry or knee-jerk fashion argue
with folks he didn't do that he sat
there and he took it he took it on the
chin from a lot of people who are very
upset it was a wide variety of
perspectives so the media were very
upset with this because they will want
all town halls to basically be people
who are shooting victims or shooting
victims family or friends they want
those people to all be pro gun control
fanatics who go up there and yell at
politicians that's what it was on CNN
last night so they're very upset that
the White House had a variety of
perspectives said some people who are
pro-gun control some people who thought
that school safety and armed guards were
the solution but that wide variety of
perspectives was actually useful and
again it demonstrated something that the
left does not want you to believe I've
been saying this now since the Parkland
shooting I've been saying it more than
that for five years since the Piers
Morgan interview I did on CNN after the
Sandy Hook shooting the left media so
many people in the left media wish you
to believe that people who own guns
people who care about second Amendment
rights people who want to protect their
families that these are people who don't
care if children are shot but they just
don't care enough if they truly cared
enough then they'd agree with the gun
control agenda well Trump yesterday
showed that he cared and that's what
made the media so so angry about this
event I think it was a useful event I
think that it was an event that had
class I think it was an event that had
dignity and I think that it was an event
that again demonstrated that we are all
in this together this is the thing
that's missing the media are trying to
drive us apart there are a bunch of
folks on the anti-gun left who are
trying to suggest because they the only
way they can find to push their
unpopular agenda they're trying to
suggest that anyone who disagrees with
them is morally bereft that those people
have moral shortcomings the truth is
we're all neighbors we all mourn when we
see things like what happened in
parkland we all want to stop that stuff
I want the shooter to fry in hell you do
too
everyone's on the same page with this
except for the people who wish to
believe that their political opponents
are actually scum of the earth pieces of
crap who don't care about dead kids they
only care about polishing their weapons
in the background well while posing in
front of their conservative in front of
their Confederate flags but this is the
view that too many on the Left have of
law-abiding American Gunners okay so at
the White House yesterday there a bunch
of folks who spoke one of them was a
parkland father named Andrew
he was a Trump supporter there was a
famous picture of him going around
during the actual massacre he's driving
around trying to
his daughter had been murdered in the
shooting he's running Trump 2020 t-shirt
he was at the White House and here's
what he had to say to President Trump
about losing his daughter it's not about
gun laws right now that's that's another
fight another battle let's fix the
schools and then you guys can battle it
out whatever you want but we need our
children safe Munda tomorrow whatever
day it is your kids are gonna go to
school you think everyone everyone's
kids are safe I didn't think it was
gonna happen I mean if I knew it I would
have been at the school every day if I
knew it was that dangerous it's enough
let's get together work with the
president and fix the schools
okay well working with the president is
something Democrats don't want to do and
they don't want to give him credit for
moving on the issue at all even though
he tweeted out this morning that he
wants better background checks and that
he wants to ban bump stocks I think he
wants to raise the age of rifle purchase
until 21 that last measure is one that I
could understand if you're also gonna
raise the age of consents to 21 in terms
of joining the military or voting but it
seems to me that we can't grant rights
piecemeal to people we can't say you
have the right to vote but not the right
to drink or the right to bear arms it
doesn't work like that in the United
States rights are generally granted when
you reach the point of maturity or at
the point of adulthood in any case this
guy was not given this father was not
given the sort of credibility and
respect that the media normally grant to
shooting victims and fathers that they
haven't had this fellow on CNN every
single day they have had students on
every single day because obviously
there's an agenda here and the agenda is
put on young people specifically so you
can't argue with them this is the goal
here's the game the game how it's played
so a student is at a facility where
somebody is shot and the student sees
something terrible and we all grieve
with the student and so we all say we
grieve with you the students well if
you're really grieved with me you do
what I wanted and we say well you know
we can disagree on policy and still
grieve with you and then the media say
hell dare you criticize this young
person who's only showing the courage of
their convictions as I have said 1
million times at this point you can
always show the courage of your
convictions it doesn't demonstrate
necessarily the wiseness of your
convictions now I was getting a little
flak yesterday because I wrote a column
for National Review talking about how
being young does not confer evidentiary
expertise on you that being a person who
suffered doesn't come doesn't actually
confer expertise upon you as an
individual human being people say oh
yeah well you were writing columns when
17 right I was and I was being
criticized like an adult when I was 17
which is the way that it should work 17
year-olds should speak they should be
involved in politics a lot of my fans
are 17 I want them to be involved in
politics that's great but understand
when you enter the political arena your
arguments are going to be cause for for
controversy and that doesn't go away
just because you're young or just
because you went through something truly
truly awful okay that wasn't the only
Parkland survivor or family member to be
at the White House there was a wide
variety perspectives as I say there were
people there who were very critical of
Trump on guns one of them was a parkland
survivor who told Trump that he didn't
think that people should be able to buy
weapons of war I was reading today that
a person 20 years old walked into a
store and bought an ar-15 in five
minutes with an expired ID how is it
that easy to buy this type of weapon
okay that samuel was that one of the
problems here is that what he's saying
is not true I talked about this
yesterday Chris Cuomo put out a tweet
about a story that was false in which a
guy claimed that he was able to purchase
an ar-15 without showing ID and that he
was able to do so in five minutes
without a federal background check that
story was not true as we pointed out
even in the story the guy was turned
away from the gun store when he couldn't
show ID and didn't want to go through a
federal background check it shows you
the impact of the media and how their
coverage skews people's perspectives on
how easy it is to get guns it's an
enormous number of stories about how we
need a ban machine guns machine guns
have been effectively bans in the United
States since the 1980s machine guns have
to have been in very small circulation
in the United States for decades at this
point there are people who say that we
should have mental health background
checks we do have mental health
background checks in the United States
we need to make the system more
transparent we need to make the
reporting better 38 states in the United
States report less than 80 percent of
the people who shouldn't have guns to
their to their full federal background
check list but that's a problem with the
law-enforcement structure not a problem
with the the capacity of the law itself
the law itself is a lot stricter than
people think it is with regard to
purchasing weapons on the federal ever
so Trump answers all of all of these
survivors and and friends and family and
he talks about a couple of things that
he would like to do one of his proposals
is that we should arm 20% of teachers
who are actually qualified to carry
weapons in the classroom so let's say
you had 20% of your teacher
because that's pretty much the number if
these cowards knew that that was that
the school was you know well-guarded
from the standpoint of having pretty
much professionals with great training
I think they wouldn't go into the school
to start off with I think it could very
well solve your problem okay so a lot of
people are very upset about this how
dare he say that he was going to arm
twenty percent of teachers now but the
media did is they lied they said that he
wanted to harm all teachers he did not
say he wanted to harm all teachers he
said if you're qualified he was
specifically it turns out signaling is
singling out mx vets military members
police I'm not sure it's the best
solution I think armed security guards
are a better solution in uniform on
campus you know deterring people from
committing crimes but the media lied
about what he said and then blew it up
to epic proportions in just a second
we'll talk about the impact of what
Trump did and then we will get to what
was just an egregious media display of
bias there was a lot of immorality going
on last night on CNN again this is not
to say that victims should not be able
to speak out they should speak out it's
not to say that victims should not be on
TV that's fine with me if they're on TV
what it is to say is that this CNN other
outlets like CNN only have big town
halls in liberal areas with shooting
victims they would never have for
example a full Town Hall with it case in
point they would never have a full Town
Hall with people who are victims of
illegal immigrant crime in Phoenix
Arizona Sean Hannity might but you never
see that on CNN on their quote-unquote
objective news shows but Sean isn't is
not an objective reporter he says that
openly but CNN claims to be objective
and therein lies the problem so before I
get to any of that first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at blue
apron blue apron is the leading meal kit
delivery service in the United States
and they are the number one fresh
ingredient recipe delivery service they
make incredible home cooking accessible
to everyone people in our office people
outside our office everybody loves blue
apron the way that it works is that you
go online you register with their
service and they will send you recipes
and the pre-portioned ingredients and
you cook it there in your home they have
three plans a two person meal plan that
serves two people you can choose from
eight new recipes for week with the
choice to receive either two or three
recipes in any week they have a family
meal plan they have a wine plan all of
this is just fantastic its convenience
and it is variety they deliver fresh
pre-portion ingredients step-by-step
recipes right to your door
these things can be
cooked in under 45 minutes in the menu
changes every week so you never gonna
have to get bored with spaghetti night
again for the ninth time on a Tuesday in
a row they also offer 12 new recipes
each week customers can pick two three
or four recipes based on what fist fits
their schedule the best and again they
send only non GMO ingredients in meat
with no added hormones there's nothing
more fun than cooking with your kids I
do it with my kids all the time and you
will love doing it with blue apron and
right now they're treating my listeners
230 bucks off your first order pretty
good deal if you visit blue apron comm
slash Shapiro that's blue apron comm
slash Shapiro use that slash prepare to
get that 30 bucks off at blue apron comm
and again that lets them know that we
sent you it is a fantastic service and
listen to some of these things I mean
strip steaks with potatoes and spicy
maple collard greens it's it's its
Steakhouse inspired favorites it's spicy
chicken and stir fried vegetables with
jasmine rice it's creamy fusilli bukata
pasta you know what that is but it looks
great I'm looking at a picture of it
with fried rosemary and walnuts you're
cooking like a professional you're
cooking like gourmet with blue apron
blue apron calm slash if you're the
family the cooks together stays together
and the food's better blue apron calm
slash apparel get 30 bucks off your
order at blue apron calm slash apparel
okay so last night I get home from my
long day in Washington DC and I flip on
CNN because everybody on Twitter is
talking about this townhall now I knew
that this Town Hall was going to go
wildly wrong from the start because CNN
has an agenda here and I know they were
claiming that it's just students who are
asking questions but people would CNN
are journalists they know what a loaded
question sounds like right a loaded
question is when did you stop beating
your wife senator that's a loaded
question that was the entirety of the
Town Hall last night so the people who
are there it was the it was senators
from Florida so Senator Marco Rubio and
the Democratic senator from Florida
who's whose name is bill bill Nelson say
he's been the senator there since 2001
they were both there Dana lash from the
NRA showed up as well and this turned
into basically a hootenanny it was it
was a bunch of people in the crowd the
hundreds of people in the crowd from the
Broward County are and the number one
important to note Broward County
Democratic area very left area voted for
Hillary Clinton in a state that went red
for Donald Trump they voted I think it
was 54 to 46 for Hillary
in that area and this area of Broward
counties apparently pretty left the the
sheriff there died named Steve Israel
has been photographed with Bernie
Sanders and Hillary Clinton so it's a
Democrat area so the shooting took place
in a Democrat area and the people there
were family and friends of victims so
what you are likely to get when you set
this up is obviously emotions running
incredibly high and also an agenda that
is obviously very clear and this thing
turned into a debacle right from the
start with people asking questions that
were utterly inappropriate on a moral
level hey just because you've suffered
something doesn't mean you get to say
immoral things there were kids there who
are saying some of the most immoral
things that truly immoral things so for
example let's do clip 28 so this is
Cameron caskey he's one of the students
who's been most featured on CNN because
obviously they're not gonna feature a
bunch of students who are right-wing
that wouldn't be a thing instead they're
going to feature students who are
left-wing so Cameron Caskey asks asks
Rubio a question and in the process of
the question he makes he says something
that is so deeply immoral it's shocking
and it should be gut turning to you
senator Rubio it's hard to look at you
and not look down the barrel of an ar-15
and not look at Nicolas Cruz but the
point is you're here and there are some
people who are not okay that right there
it's hard not to look at you and be
looking down the barrel of the shooters
gun I understand you just went through
something I understand what you went
through was difficult and terrible and
horrible and no person should have to go
through that I get all of that that
statement is deeply immoral that is a
disgusting statement Marco Rubio didn't
shoot anybody Marco Rubio did not walk
into a school and mow down children and
Marco Rubio's agenda is not to
facilitate the mowing down of children
but again the left suggestion here is
that everyone who is not on their side
