an 88 year old congressperson gets hit
with sexual harassment allegations and
we will explain how Congress people get
away with it plus so does Oliver Stone
and so does Charlie Rose so pretty much
everybody is getting hit with sexual
harassment allegations and that's
because everything is hot garbage we'll
explain why I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so I guess that we have to set that
workplace counter back to zero you know
like the one that says no sexual
harassment allegations today we have to
set that one all the way back to zero
from one yesterday every single day
there are new prominent people who are
being hit with sexual harassment
allegations who will go through them
we'll also explain how it is that
Congress gets away with X they have this
very sophisticated system where you're
not able to detect which Congress people
were actually sexually harassing or
sexually molesting to help we'll talk
about that plus I do want to get to a
theory that I have going about why it is
that modern society has has actually
seems to have accentuated the incidence
of sexual harassment and sexual assault
we'll talk about that in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so I'm
Bolin branch these are the folks who
make the best sheets in the world I mean
I am NOT a good sleeper as you know I've
said many times I'm very bad at sleeping
particularly when I'm on the road I'm
bad at sleeping when I'm at home I sleep
much better because I have bull and
branch sheets these are so comfortable
that you cannot sleep in any other
sheets after I mean it spoils sleep for
you
bolon branch sheets they're breathable
they are super comfortable they don't
stick to you you don't feel like you're
slipping in the tarp that you don't
sweat into them and they're just great
bowline branch sheets they're used by 3x
presidents Plus presumably Bill
Clinton's lovers and check it out at
bowl and branch comm there are five
stages of sleep before you need it
before you enter any of them you need
bull and branch you will love them try
them for 30 nights to see for yourself
if you're not impressed return them for
a full refund and that's why they have
thousands of five-star views because
their product is so good go to bowl and
branch com2 it's Bo ll and branch comm
today and you will get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets plus free shipping
when you use promo code Ben 50 bucks off
plus free shipping bull and branch com
promo code Ben again that's while Bo ll
and branch com promo code Ben go check
it out it's a terrific product I mean
why would we bought that we bought extra
sheets for the guest room we bought what
for the the kids rooms I mean they're
just they're just awesome okay so let's
talk about the latest allegations of
sexual harassment and sexual assault so
the latest allegations are against John
Conyers anyone who is surprised by this
has not been following politics very
long the Michigan representative John
Conyers was caught on a plane a few
years back looking at playboy so it is
not particularly shocking that John
Conyers
a guy who was who was trying to hit up
the help according to documents obtained
from documents obtained by BuzzFeed news
they've obtained a bunch of documents
from a complaint it's it there's a woman
who who filed who settled a wrongful
dismissal complaint in 2015 from Conyers
she says she was fired because she would
quote not succumb to his sexual advances
in 2015 I have to say I don't know what
it is about Congress is there something
that you know in enlivens the prostate
in Congress but is there really like is
there something in politics that just
allows men's prostates to work longer
than normal because John Conyers in 2015
was 86 years old and was apparently
hitting up the interns for sexual favors
but I hope that you know I hope
everything is all the plumbing is
working correctly for me when I'm that
age but I also know that I'm not gonna
be hitting up 20 year old interns when
I'm 86 years old and then in case
documents from the complaints obtained
by BuzzFeed news include four signed
affidavits three of which are notarized
from former staff members who allege the
Conyers the ranking Democrat on the
powerful House Judiciary Committee
repeatedly made sexual advances to
female staff that included requests for
sex acts contacting and transporting
other women with whom they believed
Conyers was having affairs caressing
their hand sexually and rubbing their
legs and backs in public for people
involved with the case verify the
documents or authentic and the documents
also show there's the important part the
secret mechanism by which Congress has
kept an unknown number of sexual
harassment allegations secret a grinding
closely held process that left the
alleged victim feeling she told BuzzFeed
news that she had no option rather than
to stay quiet and accept a settlement
offer to her she said I was basically
blackballed there was nowhere I could go
BuzzFeed is withholding the woman's name
at her request because she fears
retribution last week the Washington
Post reported that Congress's office of
compliance paid out 17 million dollars
for 264 settlements with federal
employees over 20 years for various
violations including sexual harassment
but these new documents show exactly how
this works so the woman who settled with
Conyers launched the complaint is
growing BuzzFeed news with the office of
compliance in 2014
alleging that she was fired for refusing
his sexual advances and ended up facing
a daunting process that ended with the
confidentiality agreements in exchange
for a settlement to more than 27 grand
which by the way is a nothing settlement
I mean if you if you were wrongly fired
after your boss demanded sex from you
you only get two
and grin that is a noting of a
settlement the settlement came from a
Conyers office budget rather than the
designated fund for settlements Congress
doesn't have an HR department instead
congressional employees have 180 days to
report a sexual harassment incident to
the office of compliance which then
leads to a lengthy process involving
counseling and mediation and requires
the signing of a confidentiality
agreement before a complaint can go
forward so you can't even complain you
actually have to go direct to a court
and try to sue or you have to go through
this compliance process that requires
you to keep your cases secret which is
really horrifying after this an employee
can choose to take the matter to federal
district court but another Avenue is
available an administrative hearing
after which a negotiation and settlement
may follow and the the agreement says
that the complainant agrees she will not
disseminate or publish or cause anyone
else to disseminate or publish in any
manner disparaging words of family Tory
remarks are common to adverse to the
interests of Representative John Conyers
the office of Representative John
Conyers or any of the offices at present
or former employees a lot of members of
Congress have said that this raises
major concerns members have argued that
90 days is too long to make a person
continue working in the same environment
with their harasser that interns and
fellows should be eligible to pursue
complaints through this process and that
it is unfair for the victim to have to
pay for legal representation while the
office of the harasser is represented
for free by the houses counsel in this
case one of Conyers former employees was
offered a settlement in exchange for her
silence that we paid out of Conyers
taxpayer-funded office budget and then
they would rehire the woman as a
temporary employee and they would pay
her through employee funds so looked as
though she was still working and then
she was let go as opposed to there was a
settlement to let her go after she was a
sexually harassed the draft agreement
was unsigned congressional employment
agreements employment records matched
the timing and amount to outlined in the
document a law clerk who represented
complainant said the process was
disgusting he said it's a design
cover-up you feel they were betrayed by
their government just for coming forward
it's like being abused twice so well
done Congress for creating a process
that protects Congress people against
their own sexual misconduct apparently a
bunch of women have come forward about
Conyers apparently the employee said in
her affidavit the Conyers made sexual
advances toward her I was driving the
congressman my personal car and resting
my head on the stick shift
Conyers reached over McGann's crest my
hand in a sexual manner the woman said
she told Congress she was married and
not interested in pursuing a sexual
relation
chef's she said she was told by many too
many times by constituents it was well
known Conyers had sexual relationships
with his staff and said she and other
female staffers felt this undermined
their credibility a male employee said
he witnessed Conyers rub the legs and
other body parts of complainant in what
appeared to be a sexual and
inappropriate manner Conyers said he
needed to be more careful because bad
publicity would not be as helpful as he
runs for re-election he ends of the
conversation saying he would work on his
behavior just great behavior by another
another member of Congress so again
here's the process you have a hundred
eighty days to report your incidents
then you have mandatory counseling
mandatory counseling can be waived
apparently the employee is forced to
sign a confidentiality agreement to even
continue and then there's mandatory
mediation a mandatory cooling-off period
you file a formal complaint or you go to
federal district court or administrative
hearing so all of this is required to be
kept secret just a terrible process and
needs to be redone immediately Congress
protecting itself through all of this
meanwhile the media continue to protect
themselves to a certain extent Charlie
Rose is now under fire yes
yes I think you heard that correctly
Charlie Rose who is now 76 years old
again
amazing apparently eight women have told
The Washington Post that longtime TV
host Charlie Rose made unwanted sexual
advances on them including lewd phone
calls walking around naked and their
president are groping the breasts
buttocks or genital areas he's just a
charmer as Charlie Rose also it is worth
noting that the go-to move for a lot of
sexual harasser seems to be showing up
naked wearing a robe like apparently
once he needs to do this it's very weird
like I don't know why why guys think
this is attractive to women and though I
guess they've been watching too many
porn movies this idea that you show up
naked and a woman's just like oh yeah I
don't know what in the world would
possess men to believe this this is a
bunch of nonsense the woman were
employees are aspired to work for Rose
that Charlie rose from the late 1990s to
as recently as 2011 they ranged in age
from 21 to 37 at the time of the alleged
encounters roses now 75 the CBS canceled
his show PBS and bloomberg have also
dropped him five of the women spoke on
the condition of anonymity out of fear
of Rose's stature in the industry has
power over their careers and what they
described as volatile temper so I have a
few notes on all of this note number one
is it is amazing to see how many women
say the
the reason they didn't come forward is
because they were afraid of
repercussions within the industry and it
is true there are repercussions okay I
said this yesterday in Hollywood in
journalism in politics there are
repercussions for women who speak out
against people who sexually harass or
sexually assault them their names are
forever linked with these people it's
hard for them to get a job elsewhere
because now they try to apply for a job
and people at this new job say well
maybe the complaint was false maybe
she's just you know the kind of person
who's constantly complaining about
things and we don't want to hire her
she's a sexual harassment risk she's
gonna go to the HR she's gonna sue do we
really want to hire that person
so women stay silent but there's
something else and that is we in
American society you know it's funny we
all like to say well how did that all
these people these people knew this was
going on okay we all vaguely knew that a
lot of this was going on in politics
okay because it's always going on in
politics there are three types of you
know power here there's there's money
there's fame and there's power all three
of those exists in all three of these
professions journalism in in in
Hollywood and in politics and we have
idolized these people we have idolized
these people because we have to ask
ourselves a question why is it that so
many of these guys think they can get
away with this why did Charlie Rose
think he could get away with sexually
harassing 22 year old girls when he was
in his 70s why do you think he could get
away with just asking them to come over
his house and then showering publicly
naked and then hitting on them like what
made him think that it was okay well
misconduct thrives when there's no
accountability historically speaking
we've always had powerful men who
exhibit atrocious behavior typically
those were members of the aristocracy
typically those were Kings right those
are people who could actually exercise
power over somebody there are people who
could who could you know there's no real
evidence that Prime it knocked ever took
place the idea that Nobles would
actually go into peasant villages and on
the night of a wedding grab the bride
away and have sex with her that's sort
of mythical but the idea that it that
did exist came from peasants who were
saying this is how lords and ladies sort
of treat us that there are these heiress
the aristocrats that there are these
these landed classes who would treat
people badly because they had power over
you and how could you fail to to accede
to their requests I talked about that
that movie mud bound there's that
feeling not with regard to sex in the
movie but with regard to just generalize
treatment that if somebody has power
over you sometimes you got to keep your
head down
and there's nothing that you can say
about it so the question is in an egg
egg a latarian you know free association
society like ours why is it that so many
these guys thought they could get away
with it I mean you could see people
getting away with it in a time when
Kings could behead political opponents
at a time when aristocrats could throw
you off their land and ensure that you
never were able to work anywhere else
and you turned into starving beggar but
in an area where you know women are free
to work all over the United States and
various industries why were all of these
powerful men why did they believe they
could get away with it and why did they
get away with it and this is a sad truth
about Americans we treat our new
aristocracy the same way peasants
treated the old aristocracy with
deference right we treat Hollywood with
deference we treat politicians with
deference we treat journalists with
deference elite status in each of those
industries doesn't just mean that they
have opportunities for brutality but
there's a knowledge that if you engage
in this sort of brutality people are
going to look the other way a lot of
Americans seek to curry favor with the
powerful and so there's gonna be a lot
of opportunities for these guys to
engage in sexual misconduct does anyone
really think that women are dying to
meet Harvey Weinstein the reason women
wanted to meet Harvey Weinstein as they
thought that he could help their career
so that creates the opportunity for
misconduct and then there is the the non
the the the failure of consequences for
misconduct and that's because the public
offers no consequences sometimes victims
were blamed but I think a Bill Clinton
Monica Lewinsky sometimes victims were
blamed sometimes we were sometimes the
darkest side of humanity there's a dark
side of humanity where people do look
down on victims in certain situations
this happens throughout world history
where people are victimized and we look
down on them why didn't they stand up
for themselves or well you know she had
it coming this kind of disgusting
thought but we have to stop with the
idolatry okay you can't idolize the
aristocracy or whether you're talking
about the modern-day aristocracy or
whether you're talking about the
aristocracy that is existed historically
okay so that's that's point number one
point number two is I'm seeing this this
rush to me a call bond on Twitter and
it's really irritating so there's a guy
named Ben White who is the political
chief economic correspondent and he
tweeted this morning my gender is
terrible
well the good news is your gender is
fluid so you can change at any time Ben
but he says my gender is terrible time
politics editor Ryan League Beckwith
tweeted
Morning Glory yesterday not tweeting
tomorrow just retweeting women men join
me the idea being that men are
inherently pigs and evil if we just rush
forward to do so on our own sex then
therefore we all have done some
great-grand good right you get the same
thing from from white people in 10
there's a racist crime white person
against black person really got a bunch
of white people saying I'm ashamed for
my white privilige okay this is a trendy
habit yeah and and this is really
galling the reason that it's galling is
because it goes to something deeper here
you know conservatives traditionalists
they look at what's happening right now
in Hollywood and journalism and politics
and we say yeah yeah no no it's not a
surprise I'm sorry it's not a surprise
to anyone not just because prominent
people have always done this but because
human beings are inherently capable of
sin conservatives look at human beings
differently than people on the left two
people on the in conservative circles
particularly traditional and moral
circles they look at human beings and
they say we are all capable of sin men
particularly have certain sins that
attach to their nature men are more
driven to treat women like sex objects
and women are driven to treat men like
sex objects for example that's just the
way it is that's not an excuse and
that's not even a it's a justification
in the sense that that is how men are
but it's not an excuse for bad behavior
and that is why what conservatives say
is if men have a tendency to do this bad
thing that is why we must have
prophylactic rules this is why we have
to train men not to do these things and
train men to be gentlemen and set up
rules that protect women right that's
why conservatives are all about rules I
really do love the G K Chesterton notion
that the difference between the left and
the right is how we treat rules the
right comes to the left comes to a fence
