Hilary Clinton is back and she is worse
than ever Plus Rex Tillerson is out it's
time for exit as well Republicans in the
House are about to try to vindicate
Trump on the Russian collusion stuff we
will talk about all of these things and
much much more i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
[Music]
Rex mortuus s that means the king is
dead but it also means the Rex Tillerson
is out so he's the Secretary of State
but not anymore he's no longer the
Secretary of State he was fired this
morning via tweet in perfectly Trump in
fashion we will get to all of that so
many things to talk about today so many
great things Trump is also visiting
California and he's visiting the wall
prototypes because this is something
that we do now all right
I mean sure well it's funny I'll talk
about all those things plus I'm just a
buncha but first I want to say thank you
to my sponsors over at Birch gold so
does it seem like things are volatile
like you don't know what's going on like
things may be slightly chaotic of course
it does because they are which is why
you need to at least take some of your
money and put it into precious metals
that's where my friends at Birch gold to
come in right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
it's perfect for people who want to
protect their hard-earned savings from
inflation and from the volatility of the
stock market Birch gold group of the
people you should trust they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless 5-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau contact
Birch gold group right now and request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals it's a comprehensive 16
page kit and it reveals how gold and
silver can protect your savings how you
can legally move that IRA or 401k into a
precious metals IRA ask all your
questions and then once you feel
comfortable talk to my friends over at
Birch gold if you want that kid that no
cost no obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben use that slash
Ben so that they know that we sent you
again they're the folks that I trust
with my precious metals investing all
right so we begin today with the ouster
of Rex Tillerson as I say they the
Oedipus Rex Tyrannosaurus Rex the Rex it
he's gone
okay so Rex Tillerson was always a
crappy Secretary of State who's got a
complete disconnect with the President
of the United States the president did
not care in the slightest what Rex
Tillerson had to say about anything like
anything thanking Forex Tillerson
ordered ordered a steak for dinner then
president Trump would send it back and
get a hamburger I mean this is just the
way it went with him Rex Tillerson they
never got along
Tillerson always wanted to run foreign
policy Trump didn't want any part of
that you recall the President Trump
actually tweeted out in the middle of
Rex Tillerson talking with the North
Koreans that Rex Tillerson should not
talk with the North Koreans
see the
thing about Trump and you know one of
the right fears that Trump was gonna run
a secret agenda when he was president
who won't gonna know what he was
thinking and then there's this thing
called Twitter where it's legitimately
just him vomiting his thoughts and
Twitter says like there's a big secret
about Rex Tillerson he doesn't like the
guy thinks that Rex teller sins of
schmuck which is true Rex Tillerson was
basically marginalized inside his own
State Department no one cared what he
had to say on Tuesday morning the
president tweeted out his fire of Rex
Tillerson because this is the way you
should totally get rid of cabinet level
officers is by tweeting out that they're
gone and then they look around and go
wait what now huh
so he this Alice oh how he got rid of
James Comey as you recall he had him
fired in the middle of an event for the
FBI out on the west coast the president
the United States running government by
it by Twitter listen I'm happy with the
move I didn't like Rex Tillerson I think
he's a terrible Secretary of State I
think he's been utterly utterly useless
all of the good moves the Trump
administration has made have been made
in spite of teller syns opinion
Tillerson has been marginalized in the
process for a very long time so Trump
tweeted the south is 18 right so here is
what he tweeted out is that the was this
Mike Pompeo director of the CIA will
become our new Secretary of State he
will do a fantastic job thank you to Rex
Tillerson for his service Jeana Haspel
will become the new director of the CIA
and the first woman so chosen
congratulations to all I mean not all
right congratulations everybody except
for Rex Tillerson whose new job
apparently Tillerson had no idea that he
was actually going to be fired parently
so the Washington Post reported that Rex
Tillerson was told that he was on the
ropes as of last Friday now the reason
that's important is because yesterday
Rex Tillerson did a whole press campaign
about how terrible Russia was he was
talking specifically about how the
Russian government had killed apparently
in X so via in X Russian spy in Great
Britain and the UK was targeting Russia
over this and Tillerson said yeah the
Russians killed this spy as well as one
other person and they are and they're in
our crosshairs and then the White House
backed off and out they said no no no
you know we'll look at it maybe we'll
kind of look at it right here here was
Trump today for example talking about
Russia getting the facts straight this
clip 17 as soon as we get the facts
straight and we're going to be speaking
with the British today we're
speaking with Theresa May today and as
soon as we get the facts straight if we
agree with them we will condemn Russia
or whoever it may be but I have not
spoken to our speaker sometime today
okay so the so again there that seems
pretty soft on Russia but what people
were assuming is that because Tillerson
was harsh on russia yesterday and trump
didn't want to be harsh on russia he
fired Tillerson that's total nonsense
that's not why he X tell us until
Orson's been on the chopping block for a
long time john bolton was in the oval
office like last week
people have been expecting Tillerson to
be gone for literally months and then
Trump would tweet out every so often no
I loved Rex he's staying which is always
code for we're gonna get rid of him as
soon as we possibly can so here was
Trump actually explaining why I got rid
of Rex Tillerson and this ring sort of
true this is clip 19 Rex and I have been
talking about this for a long time we've
got along actually quite well but we
disagreed on things when you look at the
Iran deal I think it's terrible I guess
he fit it was okay
I wanted to either break it or do
something and he felt a little bit
differently so we were not really
thinking the same Rex is a very good man
I like Rex a lot I really appreciate his
commitment and his service and I'll be
speaking directly over a long period of
time okay so what that really means is I
will never talk to Rex again I hate that
guy's guts
he's the worst also I sent him away
because I don't agree with him about
anything that's that's the actual when
he says I'll be speaking to Rex for a
very long period of time you can speak
for him for a full year after your
points never Secretary of State so I'm
gonna go no on that Rex Tillerson now
Mike Pompeo is in that's actually a very
good move for the administration Mike
Pompeo is much more pro-israel he is
much more anti Iran he's one of the
leading voices during the Obama
administration criticizing Obama for not
using the phrase radical Islamic
terrorism he and Trump seem to be very
much on the same page on foreign policy
which is good the presidents of the
United States and the Secretary of State
should be on the same page with regard
to foreign policy now Trump says that
he's getting close to the cabinet he
wants which is kind of hilarious since
the president picks his own cabinet all
right this is sort of like saying that
you ordered at a restaurant and you're
getting very close to the order that you
want well no that's that like what he
like you made the cabinet do but here's
Trump saying that he's getting close
that's what Jeff Sessions said close but
no cigar
it's
and they're a bunch of people who are
still on Trump's hit list inside the
cabinet here was Trump talking about how
he is now perfecting his cabinet which
is true okay Pompeo is better than
Tillerson you know a lot of people very
well over the last year and I'm really
at a point where we're getting very
close to having the cabinet and other
things that I want I don't know what the
other things are is like a horse or what
but it but I like that he is making his
cabinet better okay tell hjerson being
gone
yeah is a good thing again the president
was also running over teller since head
with regard to North Korean policy who's
running over his head with regard to
Russian policy it doesn't make sense to
have a Secretary of State who is not
doing what you want him to do the
president is the Secretary of State's
boss he can get rid of him although
again it's kind of a gutless move to get
rid of him on Twitter as opposed to
calling him up and saying listen Rex
thanks for your service you're out right
probably hear the dirty little secret
about Trump is that he actually doesn't
like firing people he likes to make his
underlings fire people he got famous for
going on TV and saying if I it but he
doesn't actually like doing that that
was just for the cameras in reality
Trump is very hesitant about firing
people he tends to make them resign or
he tries to pressure them to resign like
Jeff Sessions or he will fire them
through Twitter or all of a sudden the
reason that matters is because a feeling
of chaos within the Trump administration
does not quiet the worries of the
American people if you just looked at
the policy coming out of the Trump
administration as I've been saying for a
long time I like a lot of the policy but
the American people feel uneasy with
President Trump they feel uneasy because
they feel like he is a he is a whirlwind
of chaos mainly because he is a world
willing to cast him in the same day they
gets heard and Rex Tillerson John
McEntee who's the longtime personal
assistant to Trump was abruptly escorted
out of the White House in another
dramatic staff change so he was the trip
director for Trump's campaign he'd be
like the guy who brought Trump a Sharpie
when it was time to sign something he
was a body man apparently he was fired
according to CNN because he's under
investigation by the Department of
Homeland Security for serious financial
crimes a source told the network my
source familiar with his firing told the
network the circumstances were not
related to Trump he was actually removed
so quickly that he left without his
jacket and somebody had to go back in
for his jackets who's ejected from the
White House and then and then the most
hilarious thing is that he was
immediately hired by the Trump campaign
so as soon as the story comes out that
he might be dirty and there's a problem
with him then all of a sudden he is
immediately hired by the Trump campaign
other people joining the Trump campaign
I love this Katrina Pierson yeah she's
back
and she's joining the Trump campaign
once again the greatest spokesperson of
all time which means then we'll have
many more hours of analyzing funny video
to come in future episodes of the ben
shapiro show so we're very excited about
the rehiring
of Katrina Pierson very very solid stuff
but there's been a lot of turnover
apparently inside the the Trump staff
John Kelly obviously removing the the
security clearances for a lot of folks
inside Trump staff the reason all this
is a problem again is when there's a
perception of chaos that actually has
consequences politically so the
president always loses seats in an
off-year elections it's very rare that
doesn't happen the last time that it
happened was 2002
so presidents always lose seats in
off-year elections the question is how
many seats the Republicans are actually
going to lose in 2018 they right now
have a 23 seat majority in the house if
it was any more than that they lose the
majority there apparently 37 open
Republican seats Republicans who have
either retired resigns or moved on to
other positions that are not think 12 to
14 Democratic seats in there that are
available in the same way one of the
bellwethers is supposed to happen
tonight so one of the hot pieces of news
is that tonight there's an election in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district now this thing is an interim
election it's only gonna last for like
the next couple of months but the
contest is happening in a district that
Trump won by 20 points and it pits GOP
candidate Rick second a member of the
Pennsylvania House of Representatives
against a much younger Democrat named
Connor Lam who's a former federal
prosecutor and a Marine again Trump won
this district going away and no Democrat
has run a competitive race in this
district in two decades the closest
election of the last eight races was 15
points separating the Republican from
the Democrat but Tim Murphy who is the
Republican resigned from his seat after
news broke that he'd impregnated his
then mistress and allegedly told her to
get an abortion so he resigned and that
left the seat open well right now the
Democrat is slightly favored to win the
seat and you can tell there's a lot of
heartache and heartburn inside the
Republican in the halls of power the
presidents in the United States through
sec hone under the bus the other day he
said he's a bad candidate and he's not a
great candidate but he's not like a Roy
Moore type disaster candidate wrecks at
Cohn but it doesn't matter ii will
probably lose or at the very least it
will be a very competitive race in a
district that shouldn't have a
competitive race and here's the problem
this is being used as an indicator for
future results in 2018 democrats have
really well in special elections across
the country so Trump is said listen
we're winning districts all over the
country all these special elections have
still gone to Republicans right but
that's not the question the question is
how much the vote has shifted since 2016
between 2016 and 2017 or 2016 and 2018
and the answer is quite a lot so in just
a second I'm gonna give you the
statistical breakdown on exactly how all
of this goes down but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over and
my Patriot supply so building an
emergency food storage plan is the
cornerstone of preparedness and
everybody in the office is doing that
with the experts in my Patriot supply
right now is the time for you to build
that foundation make sure that you are
safe in case of natural disaster in case
of man-made disaster you don't want to
be stuck in your house of no access to
food and that's why you can get the Ben
Shapiro special offer from my Patriot
supply today by one four week emergency
food kit for just 198 bucks and you get
one free as well so it's a buy one get
one free deal these kids normally sell
for 217 bucks which means the two of
them would sell for 434 dollars
purchase one right now at the low sale
price of 198 and my patron supply will
send you an additional four week food
kit for free so pretty solid deal you
buy it once you never have to worry
about it again because these things last
25 years in storage includes breakfast
lunches dinners packaged in a rugged
slimline tote call eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen that's
eight eight eight eight oh three 14 13
or order online and prepare with Ben
comm there's a purchase limit of two per
order and supplies are limited to do it
now you know this is the last time we're
gonna be mentioning this really really
solid offer eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen that's eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen or prepare with Ben calm again
don't get caught off guard prepare with
Ben calm is the is the place to go when
you're looking to prepare your family in
case of disaster and again there's not a
lot of money to spend to protect your
family it toss it in the closet you
forget about it until disaster strikes
at which point you're the only guy in
the neighborhood who is actually
prepared prepare with Ben calm for that
special offer buy one get one free
4-week emergency food kit 198 bucks
alright so here's how the statistics
break down and how Democrats have been
doing in districts across the country in
these special elections so the answer is
they've been doing quite well okay so in
2017 there were one two three four five
six seven there were seven special
elections in 2017
okay the partisan lean in these
districts when something like that
California 34th was a d-plus 69 district
meaning that it's a huge gap between
Republicans and Democrats
the Kansas fourth was our +29 Montana
out large was our plus 21
Georgia six Lazar plus nine South
Carolina fifth was our plus nineteen
Utah third was our plus 35 and Alabama
US Senate was our plus 29 right how did
it actually swing so Republicans won all
of the seats they were supposed to win
but the swing was enormous so Kansas
fourth as I say it's in our +29 district
normally that race was only won by the
Republican by six points that's a 23
point swing in favor of Democrats
Montana 16 point swing Georgia six six
points wing South Carolina fifth 16
point swing Utah third three points wing
Alabama US Senate of course was won by
the actual Democrat and that was a 31
points wing so that means on average you
are talking about a 16 point swing in
favor of Democrats if that Hel's if that
holds true there's no question
Republicans lose the house if that sort
of turnout holds true Democrats are
energized Republicans are frankly not
and in Pennsylvania the candidate there
has stopped campaigning on the tax cuts
because apparently that's not actually
getting one out anybody out to vote
instead the candidate is campaigning on
cultural issues which makes a lot of
sense and gives the lie to the idea that
Republicans are going to win based on
the state of the economy or based on
policy victories people do not win
elections based on policy victories not
in today's day and age unfortunately
they win based on culture war issues and
culture war issues are where Republicans
do have an advantage because the
Democrats are so off the reservation
when it comes to the culture war the
Democrats are the ones pushing
intersectional politics the Democrats
are the ones suggesting that Republicans
