president Trump's pic of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh continues to generate an
enormous fallout president Trump goes in
hard at NATO and Sacha Baron Cohen
basically humiliates himself I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
as always many things are happening in
the news a lot of fallout from president
Trump's Supreme Court pick of Brett
Kavanaugh will talk all about that plus
we'll get to president Trump traveling
over to visit with NATO before his big
meet up with Vladimir Putin which is
happening in Northern Europe somewhere
they don't really care about but we will
get to all of that in just a second
first I want to mention to you that our
next episode of the conversation is
coming up quickly this Tuesday July 17th
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific all
of your questions will be answered by
our own Andrew Klavan with our host
Alicia Kraus a live Q&A will be
available on YouTube and Facebook for
everybody to watch but only subscribers
can ask drew questions over at daily
wire comm check out the pin comments on
this video for more information once
again subscribe to ask drew live
questions Tuesday July 17th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and join the
conversation learn all about the
greatest good as bestest of all things
go check it out with Andrew Klavan next
week July 17 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
at Pacific also let's say that you are a
lazy bum and you don't actually want to
go to the grocery and you don't know any
recipes because you don't know how to
cook
well there's one place that can make all
of this very easy for you that of course
would be the folks over at blue apron so
are you looking forward to honey
Chipotle glazed chicken with poblano and
lime rice that you cooked yourself how
about smoky depth being added to done
while enjoying the warm weather well
blue apron can make all that happen for
you you don't even know have to have to
know to cook they make all of this
happen very easily they provide you
convenience and variety by delivering
fresh pre-portion ingredients
step-by-step recipes directly to your
door all of them can be cooked in under
45 minutes the menu changes every week
based on what's in season it is designed
by blue aprons in-house killin' are a
team they also offer 12 new recipes
every week customers can pick two three
or four recipes based on what best fits
their schedule and all of their products
are just the finest they send only non
GMO ingredients meat with no added
hormones everything from blue apron
apparently is just terrific there are
bunch of people in the office who use it
blue apron has become the hot thing
around Los Angeles because who the hell
wants to go over to Whole Foods and wait
in line behind all the people driving
the Prius is when you can just have
excellent ingredients delivered to your
door with the recipe and then you cook
it with your family I really enjoy
cooking with my kids you're going to
enjoy cooking for yourself as well check
out this week's menu get your first
three meals for free at blue apron comm
slash Shapiro that's blue aprons comm
slash apparel again you get your first
three meals for free blue apron is
indeed a better
I'm honest in these recipes now and they
are just spectacular in barbecue
vegetable flatbread with Swiss cheese I
mean this is all gourmet stuff you're
cooking blue apron calm slash up here Oh
get your first three meals for free okay
so the left has no idea how to deal with
president Trump's pickle Brett Kavanaugh
because it turns out the Brett Kavanaugh
is a pretty well-respected jurist he's
been on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals
for 12 years he has 300 decisions to his
name and none of them are particularly
controversial now this is one of the
areas where I'm not the biggest
Cavanaugh fan is that I like judges who
are straightforward and open about their
beliefs about precedent and and how they
would rule in particular cases
unfortunately our system now favors
judges who are not quite as open about
all those things because we have to get
those people through confirmation
hearings and that is because of the
Democrats politicization of the court
beginning with justice or should have
been Justice Robert Bork back in the
1980s when Ted Kennedy and Joe Biden
decided to destroy the man's life for no
reason other than he disagreed with them
about constitutional interpretation
Cavanaugh is providing all sorts of
problems for Democrats who have no clue
exactly how to handle him and naturally
this means the Democrats folks on the
Left are blaming Republicans for
politicizing the court so the fact is
that it was not Republicans who
politicized the court it was Democrats
who decided that they were going to use
the court as a political tool openly and
this begins all the way back in the
1930s when a lot of FDR's New Deal
program was unconstitutional it violated
the bounds of the Constitution and the
court said it violated the bounds of the
Constitution and so FDR threatened to
pack the courts he threatened to
increase the number of justices on the
Supreme Court
from 9 to 15 and he offered that he was
going to push in a bunch of Democrats
who were going to just greenlight
everything he did and to the court in
order to protect itself basically ruled
that all of his nonsensical programs
that lengthened the Great Depression by
up to eight years that all these
programs were actually constitutional
they get a spate of horrific decisions
in the 1930s and 1940s basically
sanctioning enormous government growth
up to and including the worst case maybe
in in constitutional history just in
pure legal terms Wickard V filburn a
case in which the Supreme Court held
that you could not grow grain in your
backyard for your own use without the
federal government intervening the
federal government had a right to
intervene in you growing stuff in your
own backyard
because that would affect Commerce
somehow in some vague way well now
because President Trump has gotten two
picks in the last year and a half
Democrats are now
seeing that it's Republicans who are
politicizing the court even though it
was Democrats who originally politicized
the court and have continued to do so by
treating the court as a super legislator
super legislature of genius wise
liberals who are going to impose their
viewpoint on the rest of us and these
are the people who worship the altar of
the notorious Ruth Bader Ginsburg hey
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's decisions are
garbage
okay I've read a lot of Ruth Bader
Ginsburg's decisions none of them have
anything to do with the Constitution all
of them have everything to do with her
personal politics but she's the
notorious RBG notorious and can you
imagine if conservatives lionized to
anyone like that notorious RBG and the
closest they came with sort of this lion
ization of Scalia even that never
approached the sort of cult hero status
where you were worrying about how her
workout routines went BuzzFeed ran an
entire piece like three days ago about
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's grueling workout
routine the woman's 85 okay if her
routine is that grueling then she'd be
dead but here is what the New York Times
writes today or at least Lee Epstein and
Eric Posner Epstein a political science
scientist and law professor at
Washington University and Posner a
professor at University of Chicago Law
School write about the the move by
President Trump to put originalist on
the court here's what they write in the
New York Times president Trump was
always going to pick a conservative for
the Supreme Court
the only question has been whether to
replace Justice Anthony Kennedy with a
business conservative or a religious
conservative no one seriously thought he
would consider a moderate a liberal or
an ideologically ambiguous replacement
first of all these categories you'll
notice that whenever I talk about the
Supreme Court I never talk about a
conservative justice the reason I don't
talk about a conservative justice is
because a judge should not let his or
her political proclivities influence the
decision-making I always talk about an
originalist justice or a textualist
justice somebody who is actually going
to interpret the words of the law as
they were written and as they were
understood at the time that is not the
same thing as a conservative justice who
would presumably just rule in favor of
whichever interest he thought was most
compelling politically and so it's only
the left it talks about openly political
judges says well we need a moderate or a
liberal on the court they say well sure
enough Brett Kavanaugh is a conservative
in good standing well Brett Kavanaugh is
actually a textualist in pretty good
standing and the New York Times
continues these two professors they say
the next democratic president will
nominate a liberal to the court in the
hope of tilting it in the other
direction
everyone is so accustomed to the state
of affairs people have forgotten to
question it but we wonder whether a
Supreme Court that is come to be rigidly
divided by both by ideology and party
can sustain public confidence for much
longer
weird how they only have this problem
when it comes to Republicans replacing
Republican appointees with other
Republican appointees I don't remember
them having the same problem when a
lay-in elena kagan who's a wild leftist
and Sonia Sotomayor who is an even
Wilder leftist were appointed to the
court by Barack Obama
it's amazing by the way you want to know
how non-ideological Republicans have
been about the court there's a very easy
proof Republicans have been in about 500
when it comes to good Supreme Court
picks for every Scalia there was a in
O'Connor for every Thomas there was a
Souter for every Rehnquist there was a
John Paul Stevens for every for every
Alito there was a roberts there was
always somebody who was being appointed
who I met great but for Democrats they
never get it wrong why because they
actually do have ideological lemmas
tests and because when you are not tied
to the words of the Constitution and the
meaning of the Constitution this leaves
you free to pick among the various
solutions that most appeal to you
personally you end up very quickly
picking somebody who agrees with you
politically but according to these
professors at the New York Times it's
the right that's politicized the court
they say the court has recently entered
a new era of partisan division if you
look at close cases five to four or five
to three going back to the 50s to
illustrate this division you'll see that
the percentage of votes cast in liberal
direction by justices who are appointed
by Democratic presidents has skyrocketed
and the same trajectory applies on the
other side the percentage of votes cast
in the conservative direction by
justices who are appointed by
Republicans has also shot up now the
reason for that is because of the rise
of the Federalist societies the
Federalist Society is a conservative
minded group an originalist minded
groups that are conservative politically
but they're more originalist and
textualist than anything else I'd say
politically they're actually closer to
libertarian and that group has done a
better job of vetting Republican
candidates this is why I'm not concerned
that Cavanaugh is gonna end up like
David Souter the reason being when David
Souter was appointed you didn't have
large groups of people who were devoted
to vetting David suitors record now you
have enormous groups of people who came
with the touch of a button pull up every
decision Cavanaugh has ever written on
and then analyze it for signs of exactly
how he will rule in the future it is
good that we are treating the supreme
court with this level of care and in his
demonstrative of the fact that as soon
as conservatives woke up and started
realizing that the Supreme Court was
being
used as a tool of policy by the left
they started making sure that appointees
to the Supreme Court might actually have
to reflect an originalist or textual
event but according to these these
professors at the New York Times they
say this is a bad thing they say this
trend is extreme and alarming in the
1950s and 60s the ideological biases of
Republican appointees and Democratic
appointees were relatively modest the
gap between them has steadily grown but
even as late as the early 1990s it was
possible for justices to vote in
ideologically unpredictable ways in a
closely divided cases in the 1991 term
for example the single Democratic
appointee on the court Byron white voted
more conservatively than all but two of
the Republican appointees Antonin Scalia
and William Rehnquist this was at a time
when many Republican appointees like
Sandra Day O'Connor Harry Blackmun John
Paul Stevens and David Souter frequently
cast liberal votes that's because
conservatives had done a crappy job and
that's also because Byron White was
appointed way back when right Byron
white the justices on the Supreme Court
he was originally appointed if I am not
mistaken by President John F Kennedy so
the Democratic Party back in 1960 was
not the same as the Democratic Party
became in 1990 by the time Byron white
was ruling on the court I mean this is a
reality is that the Democratic Party in
the Republican Party in 1960 were much
closer on policy than the Democratic
Party and the Republican Party by 1990
in the past 10 years they write in the
New York Times justices have hardly ever
voted against the ideology of the
President to appoint to them only
Justice Kennedy name to the court by
Ronald Reagan did so with any regularity
now I don't think this is actually true
if you look at how Justice Scalia voted
on some civil libertarian issues he was
constantly sort of surprising people on
how he voted on a lot of those issues
and the same thing will probably hold
true of I think maybe Gorsuch maybe but
the fact is that Democrats never vote
Democrat appointees now never vote
against Democratic Policy Priorities
ever even in the most extreme cases and
if they do it's only on the narrowest of
grounds and these these professors say
it's hard to think of any historical
precursors the most famous period of
ideological division on the court was in
the 1930s when it repeatedly struck down
liberal legislation but what is
remarkable is that the division was not
strongly partisan among the four
horsemen the die-hard opponents of the
New Deal one was appointed by a
Democratic president another was a
Democrat appointed by a Republican
president among the three justices who
typically voted to uphold the luteal
programs two are appointed by Republican
presidents again that's because the
party's them
were much closer an ideological
orientation during the FDR period
remember Herbert Hoover imposed
basically the same policies that FDR did
just in slightly smaller scale so these
these professors Eric Posner and and Lee
Epstein they continue by suggesting that
all of this changed in the 1950s and 60s
they say the war in court was not
partisan two of its liberal stalwarts
William Brennan and Earl Warren were
appointed by Dwight Eisenhower
Republican again for the 30th time
Dwight Eisenhower was a very very
moderate Republican in fact he was so
moderate that in 1948 the Democrats
seriously considered the possibility of
having Dwight Eisenhower run on the
Democratic ticket in 48 and 52 if I'm
not mistaken the Warren Court took a
liberal stand on the most controversial
issues of the day including civil rights
sexual freedom and the rights of
criminal suspects in political
dissenters the post-war court case of
roe v wade finally galvanized the right
and that is correct because Republicans
basically started seeing that the court
was going to be used as a club but only
now apparently are they upset about this
they say frustrated with the Supreme
Court's opinions his opposition to the
New Deal president FDR tried to pack the
court that is add more justices although
the plan died in Congress the court also
backed down from confrontation with the
president both Roosevelt and the court
were badly damaged by the clash today we
see similar attacks on the judiciary in
Hungary Poland and other a liberal
democracies assaults on judicial
independence are made easier when the
public comes to view the judiciary as a
political body this risk and not just
the identity of the next justice should
be at the center of public attention
well that wouldn't be a risk if the left
hadn't already politicized the court end
of story
that's why we are having these battles
it's because the Left decided that the
court was going to be a tool of policy
that it was not actually going to be a
tool on behalf of the Constitution of
the United States ok so I want to talk a
little bit more about that and explain
why the left is so exercised over Brett
Kavanaugh in just a second first let's
talk about your hair so look up top
dudes particularly look up top you're
missing some hair aren't you and that's
because your dad is missing some hair or
your grandpa's missing some here well
there is no reason you actually have to
lose all the rest of that hair there is
a real solution there are two clinically
proven medications that let you keep
your hair and they are now inexpensive
and easy to get you don't need to lose
that hair if you don't want to and
that's why I need to tell you about
keeps for five minutes now in just a
buck a day you won't have to worry about
hair loss ever again getting started
with keeps is really easy sign up takes
less than five minutes you answer a few
questions you snap some photos you can
do it from your computer right just turn
on photobooth or use your phone and then
you send those
to a licensed doctor who remotely
reviews the information and recommends
the right treatment for you all without
ever leaving your couch keeps offers
generic versions of the only two
fda-approved hair loss products out
there someone probably tried them before
they've never gotten them this easily
for this price keeps his only ten bucks
to 35 bucks a month it's a lot a lot
cheaper than getting these same drugs
from from a local pharmacy now you can
get that first month for free as well
which is a great deal go check it out
keeps calm / Ben to receive your first
month treatment for free go to keeps
calm / man that's ke EPS calm / man
that's a free month of treatment again
keeps calm / menus that / man so that
they know that we sent you okay so the
left is really exercised over Brett
Kavanaugh because they recognize that
the right in attempting to Rican Street
wits traditional role of interpreting
the Constitution rather than imposing
political priorities that this threatens
the left's agenda the left believes that
its agenda can only be spread not
