so massive protests have now broken out
in Iran president Trump is doing the
right thing Democrats are not doing the
right thing and CNN turns to pot on New
Year's Eve yes really we're back it's a
new year I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
so 2017 wasn't as bad as people thought
it was gonna be everybody's all worried
that the world was gonna end in
everything and it didn't everything was
pretty much okay yeah there was turmoil
yes it has its ups and downs like the
last Jedi but did it but was it was it
okay in the end yeah it was okay in the
end sort of like the last Jedi and sort
of not so we will get to all of the
late-breaking news that happened over
the break most of it coming from abroad
we will get to all of the media's insane
coverage of the situation in Iran we'll
also get to some guy named Logan Paul
who I hadn't heard of until the last
five minutes and him walking into the
Japanese suicide for us there's lots to
talk about but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Birch gold
so right now the stock market is doing
really well and the economy is very
healthy there are a lot of economists
however who are worried about some sort
of stock market plunge the possibility
of a stock market kind of implosion or
the very least but if a drawback they're
worried about the possibilities of
inflation even though the Fed has been
cutting back on some of the interest
rates in any case if you are concerned
about any of these situations and you
should be because they happen then you
should really be looking at diversifying
your portfolio one of the ways you do
that is you buy some precious metals and
the people you talk to are my friends
over at Birch gold Birch gold group has
a long-standing track record of
continued success thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
a plus rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact my friends over at Birch
gold group now to request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals to comprehensive 16-page kit and
it reveals how gold and silver can
protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA I'm not somebody believes you
take all your money and put it in
precious metals but you certainly should
put some of it in precious metals as I
have talked to my friends over at Birch
gold to ask all your questions and then
buy yourself some precious metals
birchgold.com / bond that is
birchgold.com
/ then oh right so over the last week
and a half well we have been gone
massive protests have broken out in Iran
those protests are ongoing the they've
resulted in the death of apparently 15
people the Iranian Revolutionary Guard
is shooting people in the streets they
are now arresting a hundreds of
dissidents the the protests apparently
started originally when people who did
not like Hassan rouhani who is the the
radical leader of the the political arm
of the ayatollahs in Iran then like Hani
because the economy has been bad and
they started protesting him just like
all the other protests in the Muslim
world that took place during the Arab
Spring the original purpose of the
protest very often has nothing to do
with where the protest goes right the
original protests against Hosni Mubarak
in Egypt ended up with the Muslim
Brotherhood taking power in this
particular case it looks like there was
some radical fundamentalist who started
some of the protests and then the
moderates turned out in force and now
you have thousands of people marching
through the streets of Iran it's so bad
over there that the Iranian government
has shut down Twitter they've shut down
Facebook they've shut down social media
I don't know whether these companies by
the way are engaging in that process
whether they're allowing Iran to do that
or not if they are they should stop they
should stop allowing Iran to do so
immediately in any case the Europeans
have been utterly silent as the
Europeans often are when it comes to
moral atrocities throughout history
president Trump however has not been
silent President Trump has been speaking
out and this is driving the left up a
wall it's driving the left up wall for
two reasons one President Obama was
awful on the issue of Iranian freedom he
routinely quashed any sort of capacity
for Iranian Revolution and resistance
during 2009 you recall a woman named
Neda was shot to death on camera was a
major worldwide story and she was a
protester President Obama really did
nothing about it in fact we have a clip
of President Obama in 2009 while he's
protesting how Iran is treating
dissonance he also said we respect
around sovereignty basically they can do
what they want we're not gonna do
anything about it I've made it clear
that the United States respects the
sovereignty of the Islamic Republic of
Iran and is not interfering with Iran's
affairs but we must also bear witness to
the courage and the dignity of the
Iranian people and to a remarkable
opening within Iranian society that
remarkable opening came to nothing
because president because President
Obama did nothing to foster it in fact
at the time when President Obama was
basically cow telling to the Iranians he
was doing so because he was trying to
force forward and that Iranian nuclear
deal that was just a disaster area for
all involved maximized Iran's power ship
pallets of cash to Iran made Iran a
regional power allowed them essentially
to take over Iraq allowed them to prop
up Bashar Assad in Syria allowed them to
extend their influence into Lebanon and
in Yemen that a lot of that had to do
with President Obama deciding that he
was going to turn the radical government
Iran into some sort of beacon of power
in the region that was Obama's decision
and he threw dissidents under the bus he
allowed them to die without any sort of
worldwide effect he says that there's
been a remarkable opening in Iranian
society there was no remarkable opening
in Iranian society the media Obama they
pretended that there was some sort of
moderate regime that had taken the
reigns in Tehran that obviously was
untrue as late as five months ago there
were Christians newly converted
Christians in Iran who were sentenced to
ten years in prison but maybe about 11
of them all of them sentenced to years
and years in prison for converting to
Christianity there is no major opening
in Iranian society there has not been
and now people are protesting and
President Trump look at the contrast
between President Trump and President
Obama on this Obama who says we respect
around sovereignty Trump not as
interested in in that routine here as
president Trump's reaction over the
break to what was going on in Iran
oppressive regimes cannot endure forever
and the day will come when the people
will face a choice will they continue
down the path of poverty bloodshed and
terror or will the Iranian people return
to the nation's proud roots as a center
of civilization culture and wealth where
their people can be happy and prosperous
once again and that's of course what
Trump said at the at the United Nations
a few weeks ago but he retweeted that in
the middle of these protests and then he
came out and he basically said I'm happy
to watch the regime fall right so Trump
has not been unclear about his
perspective on this and Trump is 100%
right he has joined in this response by
Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime Minister of
Israel here's what Netanyahu had to say
about the protests in Iran brave
Iranians are pouring into the streets
they seek freedom they seek justice they
seek the basic liberties that have been
denied to them for decades
Iran's cruel regime wastes tens of
billions of dollars spreading hate this
money could have built schools and
hospitals
no wonder mothers and fathers are
marching in the streets the regime is
terrified of them of their
own people that's why they jail students
that's why they ban social media okay
this is when we cross leadership now
it's funny the left likes to proclaim
that President Obama was a world leader
and we're gonna get to the Obama
administration response to all of this
in a second they like to claim that
Obama's world leader and that Trump has
abdicated world leadership Susan Rice
the awful national security adviser for
Obama the lady who used to go on TV and
lie routinely about Benghazi she wrote
an op-ed for the New York Times in which
she accused Trump of abdicating moral
leadership in the world but that's
because the left and the right have two
very different pictures of what moral
leadership constitutes okay the the
Obama administration is the kind of
administration where when Israel had a
guy named Qasem Soleimani who was the
commander of the Kuhns force which is a
branch of the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard a terrorist group Israel had that
guy in the crosshairs they were going to
kill him and President Obama found out
about it and he told the Iranians he
told the Iranians about it because he
was trying to prop up the nuclear deal
at the time right that is world
leadership according to the left world
leadership according to the right is
President Trump saying listen the United
States has an interest in Iranian
freedom we'd be better off if this
terrorist regime were not running that
country and we had instead a moderate
regime yes a moderate Muslim regime in
Iran that would be much better that's
leadership now why does that gap exist
why is it that people on the Left
believe that Obama was a great world
leader and people on the right believe
that Trump is actually exhibiting
leadership here well first of all I'd
like to point out that what Trump is
doing here is very different than what
Trump did on the campaign trail on the
campaign trail Trump was a quasi
isolationist America first seemed like a
slogan that was more from Pat Buchanan
and then it was from Ronald Reagan is he
more like a Charles Lindbergh slogan
than a George W Bush slogan in practice
it turns out that President Trump has
acted a lot more like Ronald Reagan than
he has like Woodrow Wilson or rather
than he has like like a Pat Buchanan or
Charles Lindbergh figure that has been I
think a very positive move but the big
difference between Obama and Trump on
this stuff is how they view universal
values like freedom and liberty
so for Obama the way that he defined
liberty and freedom is he looked to the
Europeans right he called it leading
from behind he basically said you know
there are morally relativistic values
there there's no universal value of
Liberty there's
Universal value of freedom really it's
just what majority decides upon and if
the entire European body says that
freedom in Iran is allowing the regime
to continue to main control maintain
control then we will allow them to do so
because that's freedom
that's Liberty so we'll follow the
majority the majority will tell us what
freedom in Liberty are that was his
version of leadership leadership is
balance the majority Trump's version of
leadership is saying listen I think that
there is a value called freedom I think
there's a value called Liberty and I
think that America is a promulgator of
those forces in the world I think that
America makes the world a better place
and I think that so long as we can
pursue policies that make America
stronger that benefit America first but
America should be benefited because it
is good and because it is great and
because it is true to those universal
values that are not decided by majority
vote in the halls of power in Europe
then we should stand by the Iranian
people and that's the difference and
it's a major difference and it's much
more akin to George Washington than
anything that Obama said now if you look
at what George Washington said about
foreign policy he said that we shouldn't
get caught up in entangling alliances
what he meant by that was he said the
big danger to the United States the big
danger to the United States because we
will be a world power this is what he
said in his farewell address the big
danger to us will be entangling
alliances did he mean that we can't have
alliances at all no what he meant was
that America has to follow her own star
that American values are not necessarily
going to be the values of Europe and we
can't sign permanent agreements with
nations on the basis of values that can
change over time and we can't see
ourselves seduced away from universal
values that are worthwhile we can't be
seduced away from those values simply
because the Europeans would like us to
be I think that is what Trump is saying
here and I think Trump is doing the
right thing here pretty clearly now in a
second we're gonna discuss exactly what
it is that the left is responding to
because the left's response to Trump has
been truly astonishing right these are
all the people who say that Trump was
not going to react well to to chaos in
the world that Trump was going to be a
danger to the world that Obama was some
sort of great Halcyon of freedom and
liberty and world leadership but the
response from the Obama administration
figures from the media too has just been
astonishingly garbage I mean really
really quite terrible so here is what
Samantha power tweeted so Samantha power
and tweeted this out she's the former UN
Ambassador under President Obama
as Sara Huckabee Sanders the press hyper
surfer trumpet tweeted out the days of
America looking the other way from the
Iranian regime's oppression are over
America stands with the Iranian people
great Samantha power who wrote a book on
genocide and then presided over part of
the administration that actively sought
to allow Bashar Assad to participate in
genocide Samantha power tweeted out we
stand with the Iranian people so much
that we won't let them come here as
she's slapping from so we're in the
middle of a of a fight with the Iranian
government that is repressing its own
people and Samantha power takes time out
to bash Trump because Trump has a travel
ban against people traveling from Iran
now I think what Samantha power misses
here a couple things one Samantha power
has no leg to stand on whatsoever as in
no leg to stand on whatsoever when it
comes to speaking about the Middle East
she was participant in a regime in
astray ssin that upheld and strengthened
the worst terror regime on planet Earth
and Iran but beyond that the reason that
so many Iranians want to flee the
country is in part because they were
propped up by the Obama administration
if the Iranians actually had a good
government they wouldn't need to come
here that's the whole point this idea
that we have to let all of the Iranians
in not vetted we have to let any Iranian
and who wants to come in not vetted by
the government because we can't trust
the government over there or we have to
shut up about what's going on in Iran no
the whole point is we want to change the
government over there so they don't have
to come over here that's the entire
point it's not just a man to power Ben
Rhodes who is just a despicable human
being Ben Rhodes is of course the former
deputy national security adviser and in
special counsel to the President on
foreign policy he was a fiction writer
who wrote short stories unpublished
short stories from a Brooklyn apartment
before he was elevated to foreign policy
specialty under the Obama administration
you'll recall the Ben Rhodes is the same
guy who lied repeatedly to the American
people the Obama administration had a
had a ridiculous story that they used to
push the nuclear deal the ridiculous
story that they used to push the nuclear
deal was that the Iranian regime had now
become more moderate than Hassan rouhani
the new leader after Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
he was actually a new moderate type and
we had an opening we had a gap we were
finally gonna be able to do something
moderate with the Iranians and it was
Rhodes who pushed this nonsense it of
course was not true and then he lied to
the American people about what the Iran
deal would do and then he
helps ship pallets of cash to the
Iranian so they could use them for
terror the Obama administration openly
recognized that that cash was going to
be used for terrorism against Western
sources Ben Rhodes tweeted this said the
Iranian people are rightfully demanding
dignity less corruption more opportunity
and greater control over their lives in
looking at us Twitter it seems lost on
too many that this is about what
Iranians want for Ron and not about us
first of all ben rhoades
shut it dude if there's one guy who's
responsible for the rise of Iran in the
region Ben Rhodes is that guy but beyond
that if they're rightfully demanding
dignity less corruption more opportunity
and greater control might that have
something to do with them protesting the
same regime you just handed billions of
dollars the same regime you gave
regional power it's not just Ben Rhodes
John Kerry tweets out to John Kerry back
from the dead with his collapsing face
looks like a mudslide in the Sun
Fernando Hills it says with humility
about how little we know about what's
happening inside Iran this much is clear
it's an Iranian moment and not anyone
elses but the rights of people to
protest peacefully and voice their
aspirations are universal and
governments everywhere should respect
that he's so boring that when you even
read his tweets in John Kerry's voice he
starts to fall asleep and there are less
than 280 characters let's be clear about
something
when he says this is an Iranian moment
we should shut up when he says the
rights of people to protest peacefully
our universal governments should respect
that those are mutually exclusive
statements if it's if it's an Iranian
moment and we should shut up then we
should shut up about how Iran is putting
down the protesters but the point here
is that we shouldn't shut up Iran is
putting down the protesters who should
be siding with the protesters we should
be giving them as much covert aid as
possible because they're they are part
and parcel of bringing down possibly the
most evil regime on the planet the only
other possibilities for that title would
probably be North Korea and some of the
sub-saharan African regimes that have
led to slaughter of their own people but
the the notion that John Kerry is some
sort of voice of leadership here and all
of this is to say you know Susan Rice is
saying the same things for an op-ed from
the New York Times saying that everybody
should be quiet Trump should be quiet
we tried quiet in 2009 how'd it work out
for us how'd it work out for us not
the reason that so many people are
saying this is is twofold one they're
embarrassed by Obama's record on this
and they should be embarrassed by
Obama's record on this Obama's record on
this is embarrassing Obama's record on
Iran is embarrassing it is the great
blot on his presidency even more so than
Obama care his movement of Iran to his
central focus of the Middle East
demonstrates that his heart was not in
the right place when it came to them the
