roseann loses her sitcom after a racist
tweet kim kardashian heads to the white
house and we discussed the biggest news
story nobody's talking about i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
we are very excited to be back in our
home Studios here in Los Angeles by the
way if you have not yet gone and bought
tickets to our events in Dallas in
Phoenix the tickets are selling out fast
those happen in August kodály wired.com
slash events to check it out before I
jump into the news and plenty of news
there is as always first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at Birch
gold so you know because I've said it a
thousand times
the reality is you should have at least
some of your finances in gold you should
have some in precious metals because of
volatility in the market because of the
government's tendency toward inflation
when things get tough because of the
stock market moving up and down
yesterday the stock market dropped
nearly 400 points well one thing that is
a little bit less volatile is precious
metals is never more zero and that means
that if you invest in precious metals
you are guaranteeing at least a
percentage of your income against the
vicissitudes of the market and
government intervention ISM that's why
you should talk to my friends over at
Birch gold group well they have a
long-standing track record record of
secant in you´d success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and if you contact Birch
gold group right now you can request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit reveals how gold and silver can
protect your savings how you can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds into a precious metals IRA if you
choose to do so to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit all you have to do is
go to birchgold.com slash Bend and
that's birchgold.com slash Ben they're
the folks I trust with precious metals
investing birchgold.com / Ben use that
slash Ben so they know that we sent you
so I'm not going to say I told you so
I'm not going to say I warned you I'm
not going to say that I was the voice
calling out in the wilderness Roseanne
is not a conservative don't trust her
don't follow her no don't come back stop
I won't say that I said any of those
things I said all of those things okay I
told you hey Roseanne is a crazy person
Rosen has been a crazy person for years
she ran with Cindy Sheehan and on one of
these Indy Party nomination tickets she
took a picture of herself with a hit
little mustache putting little cookies
in the oven that were supposed to be
Jews hey Roseanne is a crazy person she
being a crazy person for a long time and
just because she's a crazy person who
happens to like Trump a lot more than
some other crazy people that does not
mean that she was ever an ally of
conservatives while she demonstrated why
it is bad to embrace volatile celebrity
who happen to be crazy just yesterday
when she decided it would be a great
idea to start tweeting about Valerie
Jarrett in the most insane possible way
so here is what she tweeted about
Valerie Jarrett Valerie Jarrett of
course was the kind of unsung
chief-of-staff to Barack Obama I am NOT
a Valerie Jarrett fan I think Valerie
Jarrett is an awful person but Valerie
Jarrett is also not what Roseanne says
she is here okay so Roseanne says Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes had a
baby equals Valerie Jarrett okay so
number one that's disgusting
that's horrifying you shouldn't be
calling black people Apes I mean I
thought there's basically like one rule
in the media that you cannot violate if
you wish to survive and Roseanne Barr
took that landmine and jumped on it with
both feet and then just in case it
didn't go off she jumped on it again
with both feet so she says she she
compares Valerie Jarrett to an ape which
is just disgusting and horrifying
especially given the long history in
this country of comparing black people
to two Apes which is just awful and
horrifying in every possible way and
then Roseanne show is dropped so she
tweets this and then her show dies right
so ABC pulls her show it was the
number-one sitcom on television so they
presumably lost some money on this thing
but it wasn't like ABC didn't know that
Roseanne was a crazy person when they
hired her they knew the risks involved
when they hired they bought the ticket
they took the ride and Roseanne provided
them that ride we'll talk in a second
about when it is appropriate for
corporations to crack down on so-called
free speech and I say so-called because
free speech issues are really only
implicated when the government is
involved if the government cracks down
on your free speech like Tommy Robinson
in the UK as we discussed yesterday
that's a free speech issue but when it's
a private corporation taking a measure
to protect its own products I'm not
quite sure it's the same thing in fact
I'm sure it's not the same thing
in any case Roseanne tweets this thing
out her career is over
she's toast goodbye to Roseanne and
frankly from my perspective a little bit
good riddance I understand a lot of
conservatives we're very happy that
Roseanne show did not treat Trump
supporters as evil nasty terrible people
the problem is that what Roseanne did
just allowed the left to treat all Trump
supporters as evil nasty terrible people
Chris Hayes for example over on MSNBC he
tweeted this out this 15 May he tweeted
out quote Roseanne's problem turned out
to be that she far too authentically
represented the actual world view of
significant chunk of the Trump base now
he has no basis for setting this he has
no basis for saying that a significant
chunk of president Trump's base thinks
that black people are Apes or the
Valerie Jared is a mash up of the Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes has
no data to support this but it doesn't
matter
roseann just provided a crowbar for the
left to whack people with which is
really just wonderful thing to do and
the left jumped on it with alacrity so
Valerie Jarrett of course responded and
she responds it by ripping into
president Trump and talking about
everyday racism in America I do have to
point out that this clip from MSNBC is
extraordinary for a couple of reasons
one I just want you to look at this
panel okay look at this panel so you got
chris hayes right who's the who's the
guy sitting right there who just said
that trump's base supports this kind of
stuff and then next to him you have joy
reid okay joy reid is a person who just
a couple of weeks ago nearly lost her
job because it turns out that she'd
written a bunch of posts that were
deemed homophobic and offensive and
anti-semitic and all this stuff and she
claimed that she didn't write them and
then she claimed that she had amnesia
and she claimed that she was hacked okay
and joy reid is still sitting on the set
now talking about the stuff that
roseanne tweeted so just to be straight
here roseanne tweet something loses her
job joy read tweets stuff that's really
gross not only maintains her job gets to
sit on set with valerie jarrett
discussing the evils of twitter racism
so there's that and then sitting next to
valerie jarrett on the other side is al
Sharpton
al Sharpton the leading race fader of
the last 40 years in the United States a
man who suggested that Jews in New York
City were white interlopers a guy who
suggested that there were diamond
merchants a guy who nearly initiated
riot maybe initiated a riot in Crown
Heights in 1991 that ended in the death
of an Orthodox Jew he said about
Orthodox Jews there's an Orthodox Jew
who accidentally hit black kid with his
car and Al Sharpton said if they want to
fight why don't they pin on their
yarmulkes and come on over to my house
al Sharpton that piece of dreck okay
he's a bad guy Al Sharpton
that guy is sitting there talking about
the evils of Roseanne so I do have to
point out the media's double standard
here Roseanne should have lost her job
for reasons that I will explain in just
a second first of all it really should
requires no explanation that that
statement for a public figure you lose
your job end of story
but the media to refrain from pointing
out the double standard when joy Reid
who tweet out a bunch of other gross
stuff and Al Sharpton who is one of
race baiters in the history of the
United States at least in modern
American history to have those two
people commenting on it with Valerie
Jarrett who was targeted by Roseanne but
also happened to be a member of an
administration that was very happy too
polarizing along the basis of race it
provides a little bit of irony sitting
there alongside chris hayes who says
that all Trump supporters are basically
Roseanne hi anyway here is Valerie
Jarrett commenting on the situation well
first of all I think we have to turn it
into a teaching moment I'm fine
I'm worried about all the people out
there who don't have a circle of friends
and followers who come right to their
defense the person who's walking down
the street minding their own business
and they see somebody cling to their
purse or one across the street or every
black parent I know who has a boy who
has to sit down and have a conversation
but talk as we call it and those as you
say those ordinary examples of racism
that happen every single day okay so now
we get this routine where everybody is
Rosanna where America is replete with
Roseanne's where people in their back
room are tweeting out crazy stuff like
Roseanne Roseanne is a crazy person
Roseanne tweeted out that she was on
ambien and that's why she tweeted this
out which prompted ambien in pretty
hilarious fashion to tweet back one of
our side effects does not include racism
I'm good for ambien and it's true
whenever I saw the Zambian commercials I
never saw that butterfly with the KKK
hood on it that was just and I never
picked up on that but Valerie Jarrett
suggesting that we are all Roseanne is
the stupidest thing in the world
Roseanne's did something bad you know
what the effect was she lost her job she
lost a multi-million dollar job as the
top sitcom performer in the United
States and Valerie Jarrett is saying
this this somehow olympians the entire
United States somehow this is everyday
racism in America okay it's not everyday
racism in America because if it were
everyday racism in America Roseanne
wouldn't have lost her job I'm kind of
getting sick of this routine where we
smear the entire American public and all
Trump supporters with the brush of
Roseanne Barr
okay then joy read comments on Roseanne
is there's joy read again a woman who
tweeted out a bunch of really nasty
stuff like four weeks ago and then
recalled that she had amnesia she
literally claims she had amnesia which
is a plot line that went out of soap
operas in the 1980s she claimed that she
had amnesia she still has a job in she
gets to comment on Roseanne Barr here is
joy Reed on MSNBC commenting on it
see this is no big deal that this is
something that you should be able to say
why can't you say it well it's just
jokes why are people taking it too hard
that's part of the problem is that you
have a certain set of people who feel
that you should be able to speak this
way and unfortunately you know we have a
president at the moment who's kind of
giving a broad sense of permission to
not be politically correct to speak the
way you want to offend who you want and
that people really shouldn't have a
right to say anything about it okay this
is all this all straw man I didn't see
one major conservative commentator
yesterday saying Roseann should've kept
her job not one okay then the number of
conservative commentators who said
Roseann should have kept her job
it was relegated to like Jack cassabi AK
and maybe like a li like a couple of
guys who are really fringe and aren't
considered mainstream right figures in
any case but they're treating it as
though the entire right came out
swarming in defensive Roseanne Barr
obviously not true obviously not real
but the entire left did come out
swarming for joy Reid right so if you're
in if you're in entire one movement with
the actions of a bad person you might
want to tire the movement with the
person they actually defend so if you
want to say that Trump's base is willing
to defend his excesses that I agree with
but if you want to say that Trump's base
is willing to defend Roseanne Barr I
don't see Trump's base defending
Roseanne Barr today and the same thing
is not true of joy read the entire left
base came out in defense of joy read
very few of them wanted to I read to
lose her job the same thing is true of
Louis Farrakhan of Linda Sarsour
of a bunch of people keith Ellison who
have associated with the worst kinds al
Sharpton you know terrible terrible
people who have been defended repeatedly
by the left Roseanne Barr lost her job
after less than like four hours after
the suite came out so don't tell me the
entire right-wing base is supporting
Roseanne Barr it just ain't true and
Trump isn't even supporting Roseanne
Barr so al Sharpton again the idea the
media's gonna try out sharp into some
sort of great race relations expert is
just beyond it's beyond sickening here
is al Sharpton Loudon DeRozan
cancellation Roseanne has the right to
be a supporter of whatever politics she
wants but to take this kind of obvious
racial rhetoric to compare a learning
respected public service like valerie
jarrett to aa8 reminds us of all of the
history of blacks being called monkeys
and I think that Disney and ABC did the
right thing and I think they'll open the
door now
the other thing that they're doing okay
so there you are al sharpton leading
race baiter of our time commenting on
Roseann also apparently a race baiter
and one of them still has a job so it
does show you the double standard in the
media in just a second on and talk about
Van Jones response to all of this plus I
want to lay out some guidelines I think
for when firing is appropriate in
situations like this first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at us ECA so
we hear the stories all the time in the
news where a good guy uses a gun to
protect his family and then he's the one
who gets arrested
it does happen all the time because when
the police show up at a shooting they
don't really have a choice very often
they just arrest the person who's
standing over to the body even if that
person was the homeowner defending
themselves well thanks to the courts and
toxic policies the sort of stuff happens
way too often and that's what can happen
to you unless you are fully prepared so
here's what you should do start your
journey to complete concealed carry and
family defence confidence right now it
is easy with the u.s. ECAs complete
concealed carry and family defense guide
it is 100% free go to defend your family
now calm to get instant access right now
that's defend your family now calm for
that instant access in this packet this
concealed carry and family defense guide
you will learn how to detect attackers
before they see you how to survive a
mass shooting how to responsibly own and
store a gun even and especially if you
have small children a lot more it's 164
pages it comes with a complete audio
book so when you're done with my podcast
for the day you can listen in the car
this life changing guides 100% free but
only for a limited time plus you also
get their bonus home defense checklist
so go to defend your family now calm for
your 100% free copy again that's
defending your family now calm defend
your family now.com USC CA does
spectacular work in helping all
law-abiding gun owners to best know how
to use that weapon when to use that
weapon and to provide you the resources
you need if you have to indeed use that
weapon defend your family now got calm
to check them out okay so Van Jones to
was sounding off on the Roseanne
situation and he is blaming President
Trump for it obviously because President
Trump it's amazing everybody seems to
think that the universe revolves around
President Trump so Roseanne does
something bad and suddenly it has to do
with President Trump I'm not sure what
Roseanne has to do with Trump other than
Roseanne was a trump supporter but
Harvey Weinstein was a Hillary Clinton
supporter and I'm not sure why if Harvey
Miller er president right now I do not
think you'd see a lot of headlines about
Hillary supporter Harvey Weinstein goes
on in
you know is tried for rape I just don't
think that would be the headline now to
be a little bit fairer Roseann was
portraying a trump supporter on TV but
this was always the danger of her
portraying Trump supporter on TV I
mentioned at a time
I didn't nearly a full show on it I
talked about how Trump's portrayal of
Trump supporters was not helpful to
Trump supporters and that when you
tether your boat to crazy people bad
things happen as I said about Kanye West
likes it I'm happy Kanye wants to do the
open your mind thing but live by the
Kanye die by the Kanye live by the
Roseanne die by the Roseanne okay but in
any case here's Van Jones trying to try
to tide Trump to Rosanna's though Trump
was somehow using Rosanna's his meat
puppet like he had his hand in the back
of her head it was actually manipulating
her mouth to call Valerie Jarrett nabe
it could be that this moral collapse
inside of our political system
especially inside the White House is
being counterbalance now by people in
mainstream media mainstream corporations
say listen we don't want to live in a
country where you know decent people can
be attacked for no reason
within despicable terms and it's very
important enough it's not a joke it's
not funny okay so I agree it's not a
joke and I agree it's not funny to
pretend that Donald Trump is the person
who has laid our rhetoric low in
American public life is to ignore a lot
of American public rhetoric in the last
15 years I mean it was Joe Biden who in
2012 was going around saying that Mitt
Romney legitimately wanted to put y'all
back in Chains it was the Democratic
Party and within the last ten years was
producing videos of Paul Ryan throwing
old women off the edge of cliffs with
their wheelchairs so before we go to the
Donald Trump destroyed American rhetoric
a sentiment which I have some agreement
you do have to actually provide the
context for that destruction American
rhetoric and nobody including Trump was
saying that this kind of stuff was okay
right this is the Trump was not saying
that any of this stuff was okay Roseanne
Barr by the way went back on Twitter
later in the evening and started
tweeting out more random crazy stuff
again she blamed ambien and then she
claims that she didn't know that Valerie
Jarrett was black she said she thought
the Valerie Jarrett was white and Jewish
which makes no sense she accused her of
being a member of the Muslim Brotherhood
all of which demonstrates that maybe
