the Trump camp decides to attack the
Muller investigation in a new way
the media continue to play into Trump's
hands on ms-13 and we check the mailbag
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
man this has been a busy news week and
there's a lot to get to today I do want
to remind you that we will be talking
doing this show in August in Dallas and
Phoenix and if you're you've been
hearing me talk to premium subscribers
all week about these to live podcasts
that were doing well today at 10 a 10
a.m. local time
tickets finally go on sale for the
general public so you don't have to be
subscriber now you can buy the tickets
we've sold almost half of each event
just in the pre-sale so general
admission tickets and VIP packages are
gonna go really really fast be sure to
check out daily wired.com slash events
for tickets and additional information
again these tickets are going incredibly
fast my guess is that they will be sold
out within the next couple of days so
you're gonna want to buy now and at 10
a.m. they go on sale so it's a beautiful
time to get ready and if you still want
to get those presale tickets you have
like an hour and a half left to do it
right here so you can do that as well
okay before I get into the news of the
day and there's plenty of news of the
day first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club so
Dollar Shave Club delivers everything
you need to look feel and smell your
best they have a product for everything
you need to get ready in the bathroom
you know there's there's the they have
the the Carver shave butter which goes
on clear so that when you actually shave
you're not cutting yourself they have
the the body wash they have the shampoo
they have the whole deal everything you
need Dollar Shave Club can provide it
again shampoo conditioner body wash
toothpaste hair gel
even a but wife that will leave you
feeling absolutely tingly clean I'm a
fan of their calming body cleanser it
actually smells really good and all of
your Dollar Shave Club products are made
with top-shelf ingredients that won't
break your budget and you will feel the
difference here is a great way to try a
bunch of these products and you just try
them for five bucks you can get their
daily essentials starter set it comes
with body cleanser one white travel
these they're amazing butt wipes then
world-famous shea butter and their best
razor the six blade executive and then
you keep the blades coming for a few
bucks more every month so you don't have
to worry about running out to the store
because you have only a bunch of dull
blades add in shampoo toothpaste
anything else you need for the bathroom
this also allows you to avoid going to
the drugstore at all so that your
significant other cannot pile you up
with other things you need to buy at the
drugstore just avoid it instead go to
dollarshaveclub.com slash been
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen when you
do that you get that special deal for
five bucks you get their daily
essentials starter kit
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen use that
slash pen so they know that we sent you
okay so we begin today with the latest
on the Muller investigation so there's
this theory that is going around on the
right and it's very hard
he's out exactly what people are
accusing various agencies of the stories
gotten so convoluted and so confused by
this point it's kind of hard to follow
the timeline as to what happened when
when the Muller investigation began when
the Trump Russia investigation began
when George papadopolis was meeting with
whom and when Trump jr. was meeting with
what and what the hell is going on so
we're going to try and tease out some of
that today and I have to say I think
that there are a lot of people who are
on the right who are falling for the
line that the FBI was deeply corrupt
before the election and I'm not seeing
the evidence that the FBI was acting a
deeply corrupt fashion with regard to
the Trump campaign before the election
happened I think a bunch of things can
be true ones and I think here here all
the things that can be tore ones one I
don't think there was collusion between
Trump and Russia I do not think that the
Trump campaign was actively working with
the Russians in order to shape the
election or in order Elyse emails from
Hillary Clinton via WikiLeaks or any of
that sort of thing I don't think there's
any evidence of that whatsoever - it is
true that there is willingness to
collude on the part of some members of
the Trump team that's pretty obvious at
this point Donald Trump jr. had a
meeting at Trump Tower with Natalia
Veselin skaia who was a Russian cutout
who was apparently going to give him
according to Rob Goldstone a former
Trump publicist was going to give the
Trump campaign a bunch of material on
Hillary Clinton that material never
materialized but vessel Mitch guy did
meet at Trump Tower with Donald Trump
jr. and then Trump jr. released as you
recall on Twitter a bunch of emails
saying that between him and Goldstone
talking about how he was excited that
the Russians wanted to back his dad in
the presidential campaign now
willingness to clewd is not actually a
crime and being willing to do something
isn't a crime if I'm willing to rob a
bank that is not the same thing as me
taking an active step toward the robbing
of the bank which is what conspiracy
would actually involve and even then
conspiracy is a little bit difficult to
prove it's a notoriously difficult crime
to prove in court okay that's not what
was happening here what happened here
was willingness not quite the same thing
so point number one there's no evidence
of collusion point number two there's
pretty good evidence of willingness to
collude by Donald Trump jr. and also by
George papadopolis who is this low-level
foreign policy aide to the Trump
campaign who all the way back in I
believe it was April of 2016 had a
meeting with a professor in London who's
actually from Malta I guess and was
associated with the Russian government
and had said to George papadopolis
that the Russians had access to Hillary
Clinton's emails so that doesn't mean
the emails past him the Papadopoulos was
willing to hear about it and then he
apparently bragged about it within the
hearing of the the Australian ambassador
who passed that information along to the
FBI which initiated part of the
investigation against George papadopolis
and attempts to get into the Trump
campaigns business okay so those two
things again no collusion willingness to
collude point number three if there was
willingness to collude and there was
good evidence that there are a bunch of
people in the Trump campaign who are at
the very least kind of dirty right paw
Amana Ford who is the Trump campaign
chair he's a dirty dude who was involved
with the Ukrainian government when it
was basically a Vladimir Putin front
group
you know Paul Manafort was involved
Connor page had been suspected of being
a Russian spy for a long time George
papadopolis as I just mentioned from
junior as I just mentioned it would have
been remiss for the FBI not to actually
check this stuff out because again
reverse the names if it weren't Donald
Trump we were talking about her but
Hillary Clinton everybody on the right
would have said how could the FBI not
have gone further in their investigation
into Hillary Clinton if it been Chelsea
Clinton meeting with Natalya vessel in
the sky had to find turn on Trump we'd
all be like whoa whoa hold up now we're
saying what and the FBI didn't
investigate so the FBI's investigation
could have been totally proper point
number four okay that all of these can
be true at the same time point number
four it is also true that all of the
leaks of this information post-election
are scurrilous and those are corrupt
okay leaking out information that does
not have confirmation leaking out
information in an attempt to implicate
the Trump campaign for stuff it didn't
do all of that is corrupt stuff
from Obama holdovers a lot of that
started happening immediately after the
election it passed all the way through
up until February in March of 2017 when
Trump was forced to fire Michael Flynn
all of that stuff I think is corrupt so
if there's corruption inside the FBI and
the CIA that corruption manifested
itself not in the investigation itself
it manifested itself in the leaks of the
investigation okay so today the big
story that is being pushed by folks on
the right is that it was the
investigation itself the stuff before
the election that was a real problem on
the part of the FBI so Andrea Mandy
McCarthy a friend of mine and a very
good lawyer he makes the case over at
National Review and here's what he
writes he says the youngins may not
believe it but back
for it was known as classic rock you
couldn't play a crossfire hurricane on
Spotify you had to spin it fittingly
that is exactly what the New York Times
has done in Wednesday's blockbuster
report on the origins of the Trump
Russia probe which was called crossfire
hurricane the quick take on the 4,100
word opus is that the grey lady buried
the lede fair enough you have to dig
pretty deep to find the FBI ran at least
one government informant against the
Trump campaign and to note that The
Times learned this because current and
former officials leaked to reporters the
same classified information about which
days ago the Justice Department's creat
shrieked extortion when Congress asked
for it so Congress has asked for all the
material as to what sort of spying
activities were going on with regard to
the Trump campaign and the Justice
Department has said no we're not going
to turn all of that over because it
would implicate an informant it would
put his life at risk for example and so
McCarthy saying well then why are you
leaking all that stuff to the press
about what the informant knew and who
kind of information about who he was
sort of that's a fair point by McCarthy
then he gets to the point that I don't
think his quite as good
he says that's not even the most
important of the Buried leads but the
time story makes explicit with studious
understatement is that the Obama
administration used its
counterintelligence powers to
investigate the opposition party's
presidential campaign there is no
criminal predicates to justify an
investigation of any Trump campaign
official so the FBI did not open a
criminal investigation instead the
bureau opened a counterintelligence
investigation and hoped that evidence of
crimes committed by Trump officials
would emerge but it is an abuse of power
to use counterintelligence powers
including spying and electronic
surveillance to conduct what is actually
a criminal investigation okay well first
of all it depends how they were using
these these counterintelligence measures
you'd have to make the case that what
the FBI was doing was actually illegal
unless they have for example a criminal
warrant and I'm not seeing any evidence
of that so one of the accusations that
the New York Times makes is that the FBI
had an informant inside the Trump
campaign well that informant could have
been somebody who's working for the
Trump campaign and went to the FBI it
could have been somebody the FBI
approached to go and talk to the Trump
campaign it is not illegal for the FBI
to do this this sort of stuff happens
regularly in all sorts of Investigations
at Brad Heath who is an investigative
reporter for USA Today who covers law
and justice he says I'm puzzled by the
argument that the use of an informant
tainted investigation informants are
ridiculously common part of law
enforcement investigations often at a
very early stage
the FBI's domestic operations guide
authorizes agents to use informants even
when they're conducting assessments
which don't require the
to a predicate of a formal investigation
there are lots of reasons to be
skeptical how the government uses
informants one ATF informant testified
that to get targets for a sting he
basically went up to people on the
street and asked if they wanted to do
drug robberies there were guys in
Atlanta who are paying other people for
information so they could proffer it to
the feds to get a sentence reduction
courts have it more or less said that
none of this is a valid basis to get a
case thrown out
so even when informants are super
sketchy you can't get a case thrown out
there's also not a clear line at least
not in law according brad heath that
separates what techniques are okay and
investigations of politicians compared
to say drug dealers and use the
informants in those cases to the uranium
one case had an informant the senator
menendez case had an informant but if
using an informant does taint an
investigation argues Brad Heath to the
point is Giuliani suggested that it
might have to be shut down that would
implicate a lot of federal cases and
again even with counterintelligence it's
not clear to me that a
counterintelligence investigation can't
use an informant in order to garner more
information so in other words if this
was not initiated for for stupid reasons
if this was initiated because there's a
piece of intelligence that went to the
FBI that George papadopolis had been
meeting with a guy who was offering him
all sorts of information from Russia and
the mission investigation and there was
an informant I still am not sure why
this is suddenly such a terrible thing
now a lot of this is being used to to
say that Trump was right when he said
that Trump Tower was wiretapped hey
Trump Tower was not wiretapped
that was wrong but if what Trump was
saying is my campaign was surveilled by
the FBI that obviously was true but that
doesn't answer the question as to
whether his campaign should have been
surveilled by the FBI or whether people
in his campaign should have been under
FBI investigation none of that is it
speaks to what actually happened so I
think that what we have to recognize is
that there are two ways of viewing this
investigation one is as though you were
in the shoes of the FBI as this evidence
was coming to you and one is now in
retrospect if you are viewing the
evidence as it came in it would have
been perfectly reasonable in my opinion
to say okay we need to get an informant
on what's going on here because there's
a lot of suspicious stuff going on here
and we need to check it out that
wouldn't have been unreasonable in
retrospect because they haven't been
able to dig up anything really of
substance it looks much more
unreasonable it looks like wow you
really you spent all these resources but
if we used that same logic with law
enforcement investigations all the time
then law enforcement would not be able
to do investigations because you can
only assess whether
to do an investigation based on the
evidence that is in front of you to
given time listen this is not me trying
to rip on the Trump campaign again I
don't think any collusion happened but I
want to be as intellectually honest as
possible about what's going on in this
investigation so we can actually target
the bad guys I don't think that the
people who were concerned about what
they were hearing in June 2016 were the
bad guys I think the people who are
leaking out this information knowing
there was nothing there afterward those
are the bad guys the people inside the
FBI who decided to leak to the New York
Times all this information those are the
bad guys because now they're obviously
attempting to throw president Trump
under the bus to sully his
administration they are attempting to do
that now and we obviously should look
into the cart page FISA warrant and make
sure that that was legit we obviously
should make sure that what the FBI did
was legit but I'm not seeing the
evidence that the FBI was attempting to
get Trump during the campaign they
didn't release any of this information
during the campaign they kept it on the
down-low all the way through the
campaign was only after the campaign
that they started leaking that stuff out
and I would imagine that was a lot of
frustrated pro-hillary people who are
leaking that sort of material out in the
first place
now I won't explain a little bit more
about that in just a second but first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at the u.s. CCA so it's nearly in the
end of the line for this particular deal
over at the u.s. CCA look the world is a
really scary unsafe place in many ways
there are a lot of times when they're
there
rogue shooters today there's an awful
awful story about a mass shooting
happening at a Texas high school which
we'll bring to you a little bit later in
the show but that just means that is a
law-abiding citizen you should own a gun
you should only gun defend yourself and
defend the lives of others I've been
talking about this for weeks now you
have a few days left to get your dream
gun for free right now the u.s. CCA is
giving five of you my lucky listeners
$1,000 to buy your dream Kimber with
extra ammo again your law-abiding
citizen you know how to use a gun you
should own one that's great five of you
will take home $1,000 to buy one of the
finest handguns in the world it is
completely free your chances to win and
next Friday there will be no guns after
that simply go to defend my family now
calm and instantly lock in your five
free chances to win right now it's that
simple you can enter in seconds
two-hundred percent free you're almost
out of time before the u.s. CCA draws
the winners so get your name on the
winners let's now go to defend my family
now Comte answer before it's too late as
a matter of principle I believe that all
law-abiding people who know how to use a
weapon should own one because they're
bad people out there and the occa helps
make sure that that can happen for you
not only through this special deal where
you go to defend my family now calm you
have five chances to win
thousand bucks for a gun but also they
bring you all the legal help that you
need all the education on gun training
that you need you OCC it's a great
organization go to defend my family now
calm let's defend my family now calm
okay so back to Andrew McCarthy's rip on
this crossfire hurricane investigation
he says the Clinton case was a criminal
investigation that was predicated on a
mountain of incriminating evidence in
the scheme of things the the Clinton the
scandal here's that mrs. Clinton was not
charged by contrast the Trump case is a
counterintelligence investigation
unlike criminal cases
counterintelligence matters are
classified if agents had made public
disclosures about them they would have
been committing crimes and violating
solemn agreements with foreign
intelligence services agreements without
which those services would not share
information that the u.s. national
