the New York Times his newest editorial
hire has a controversial history a woman
writes about why she wishes she had a
border her down syndrome child and
Barack Obama stabs Alexandra Ocasio
Cortez directly between the
shoulder-blades I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
oh we have so much to get to today
really a lot of news and an analysis all
the things you've come to know and love
here on the bench Shapiro sir I would be
remiss if I did not note that we do have
a couple of events coming up in just a
couple of weeks now in Dallas in Phoenix
if you have not yet bought your tickets
now is the time to do so we're running
out of tickets quite quickly Dallas and
Phoenix again that's happening in a
couple of weeks go to daily wired.com
slash events for all the information on
that also if you are just in a mood to
enjoy life a little more than you are
currently enjoying life well I have an
excellent thing for you and that thing
is wink it's hard to believe but even I
occasionally need to unwind and when I
unwind sometimes I like to take a drink
of water but you you need wine and the
fact is you should go check out wink
because wink has the best wines not only
do they have the best wines they also
ensure that your wine is actually
tailored to your palate wink makes it
easy to discover great wines because
winks wine experts selected wines match
to your taste personalized for you
shipped directly to your door and
starting just 13 bucks a bottle folks at
the office love wink wine we've had
taste tests at the office before let's
just say not a lot gets done the rest of
that day but you can go check it out
right now at wink comm you take their
palate profile quiz they ask you
questions like how do you take your
coffee how do you feel about blueberries
and then wink sends wines curated to
your tastes the more wines you rate the
more personalized your monthly
selections each month there are new
delicious wines like the insanely
popular summer water rose a no
membership fees skip any month cancel
anytime discover great wine today go to
try wink comm slash Bennett's t ry winc
comm slash Ben we get 20 bucks off your
first shipment that's try winked calm /
Ben for 20 bucks off your first shipment
again try winked calm / it then okay so
in breaking news the New York Times has
decided that they are going to hire a
woman named Sarah Zhang to join their
editorial board now why is this relevant
to your life the reason this is relevant
to your life is because Zhang previously
wrote for a publication called the verge
and authored the Internet of garbage
which is a book about online harassment
and free speech a problem for Sarah
songs that people actually went through
her old tweets and some of the things
that she has tweeted in the past are not
particularly great she has tweeted
things like this quote dumbass effing
white people marking up the internet
with their opinions like dogs pissing on
fire hydrants is back in 2014 so not
supremely long ago but a few years ago
our white people genetically predisposed
to burn faster in the Sun thus logically
being only fit to live underground like
grovelling goblins hashtag cancel white
people
oh man it's kind of sick how much joy I
get out of being cruel to old white men
I dare you get on Wikipedia and play
things white people can definitely take
credit for it's really hard this is
Sarah drawing the new New York Times
editorial board author white men are BS
no one cares about women you can
threaten anyone on the internet except
cops
I just realized they're all old tweets
of hers and she was hired I'm sure the
New York Times if they if they didn't do
a background check on the person they
hired over at the New York Times then
they were entirely Ramez they say I just
realized why I can't stand watching
Breaking Bad or a Battlestar Galactica
the premise of both is just white people
being miserable and she also tweeted
white people have stopped breeding
you'll all go extinct soon this was my
plan all along so she seems like a real
delight this Sarah's wrong person I have
been told that she is basically one of
the more brilliant people out there and
that these tweets are not indicative of
her prior work which I'm willing to hear
but by the rules of the left this person
should now be excised from polite
society because that's how the rules
work on the left right the way that this
works is that if they unearth an old
tweet if somebody unearthed an old tweet
that nobody likes then we finish our
career we yell at you and we scream at
you until you stop being able to write
for a major publication like the New
York Times now should she apologize for
those tweets I think probably that is
merited is it indicative of the
mentality of the New York Times they
think it is appropriate to hire somebody
like this it is indicative of that
mentality because the fact is that if
anybody who is white wrote this about
anybody of any other race Sarah Jones
Asian if somebody who's white wrote this
about a black person or or Hispanics or
Latinos or Asians or anybody then that
person would be out of a job forthwith
in fact if you're Kevin Williamson and
all you did was make a joke one time
about hanging women for abortions then
we kick you off the staff of the
Atlantic if you're me and I say that I
don't like rap and I am a racist and
Mark Duplass has to direct America PLAs
has to delete his tweet saying that I'm
a nice guy and you might want to follow
me on Twitter right the way this works
on Twitter is that if we find something
we don't like about you in your past
then we absolutely destroy your career
again it is indicative of the New York
Times's belief system that they are
pretty much fine with going after with
with their columnist saying stuff like
this because again if this were anybody
on the other side of the aisle you can
bet money that it would not
is easy on that person now will the New
York Times back down and fire this lady
I doubt it I think the New York Times
will probably maintain I hope the New
York Times does maintain I think it is
good to have a plethora of voices I
prefer more speech rather than less
speech I think it's also your decision
whether you wish to subscribe to a
newspaper to like the New York Times I
do not
you probably don't either but if you do
wish to subscribe then maybe you want to
give that a second thought that is your
prerogative as well but it is again
telling that the same folks on the Left
who suggest that you are out of the
realm of polite discourse so long as
they deem it so are perfectly willing to
welcome into the realm of polite
discourse people like Sarah Zhong who I
assume is not even remotely as bad as
people like al Sharpton who has been
legitimately a race-baiting piece of
human debris for decades now so again
this is pretty telling about exactly how
the left operates when it comes to the
the opinions they seek to protect I was
talking with a friend of mine earlier
today who happens to be on the Left
issues a liberal and she also happens to
be black and also happens to be a
lesbian so she checks off a lot of the
intersectional boxes that a lot of folks
on the Left really seem to care a lot
about we were talking about
intersectional politics and she was
contending that America is basically run
on intersectional politics that identity
politics politics will recount about
your race your sex your ethnicity or
your orientation that these politics
have always driven the United States and
what I was arguing is one of the
problems that we're seeing right now is
that if you look at the history of the
United States in terms of how
intersectional politics has worked you
know race politics identity politics it
is fair to say that racial and identity
politics have declined markedly since
for example the 1960s but if you were to
create a scale of 1 to 100 of identity
politics well you would probably say is
that at the very beginning of the
Republic identity politics it was a
little over 100 because there were
actually black slaves and people arguing
that black people ought to be slaves
it's about as racist as it could
possibly be then after the Civil War it
drops to about a 70 on the scale of 100
because black people are no longer
slaves but we are going to suggest that
they are inferior if you're the dominant
American Society and you're going to
excise Asians and you're gonna excise
Latinos and all the rest of it and then
over the course of the next hundred
years it drops to perhaps 60 all the way
up to the end of Jim Crow and then it
plummets precipitously to the point that
when I was growing up I'm 34 years old
when I was growing up the worst
thing you could call somebody in America
was not a racial slur it was a racist if
you want to destroy somebody's life if
you want to make them feel awful you
call them a racist racist became the
slur dujour because everybody understood
that racism was a bad like the idea of
talking to people my agent saying to
them that certain people are genetically
inferior because of the color of their
skin
it doesn't even compute it doesn't make
any sense to people who are below the
age of 40 in the United States because
we've grown up in the post Jim Crow era
and we find all of that stuff abhorrent
so intersectionality took a nosedive
but now intersectionality is recovering
because the argument the left has made
is that America's was historically based
on the notion of white supremacy it was
historically based on racism from white
people and now intersectional groups
must have their revenge now we have to
have a reverse identity politics or
whatever you say about white people is
totally ok we never had our chance in
the Sun racism can only come from
dominant groups it can't come from
put-upon minority groups it's an
argument that's made by a lot of folks
on the Left a really serious argument
made by a lot of folks on the left that
if you see Sarah Shaw and Asians saying
racist things about white people it's
not actually racist because Sarah Zhang
is an Asian and Asians have historically
been put upon in the United States even
though Asian households have the highest
household earning capacity of any
households in the United States and
white Americans for example or in 76
cents on every dollar that Asians earn
in the United States you just average
out the salaries but the intersectional
idea goes and if you're Asian you're a
member of minority group therefore if
you are racist toward a white person
it's not actual racism and white people
are saying wait a second racism is
racism now listen I understand that
virtually all politics is reactionary I
understand that we all react to one
another and that there's a desire for
turnabout is fair play but if you want
to get to a society that actually means
something then we all ought to be
stumping against this sort of bigotry no
matter the source the problem is folks
on the Left have decided that white
bigotry is bad which is true but they've
decided that non-white bigotry is
totally okay because it is non-white
bigotry therefore it is not bigotry
because non-white people cannot be
bigots that's a very bad thing and it's
contributing to a sense of destruction
in America's politics in a pretty
significant way the intersectional
politics that have dominated our
proceedings of the over the last few
years are really quite disgusting now
speaking of disgusting I want to talk
about a piece
over at the UK Daily Mail because I
think it is again indicative of a
mentality on the left so we're going to
talk about a couple of ideas today about
where the left is going so the left is
moving in a couple of different
directions so direction number one the
left is moving is in this intersectional
direction where race matters more than
anything else and certain races are more
valuable than other races and we can
determine whether your opinion is good
or decent or valuable or worth listening
to based on the color of your skin or
the formation of your bone structure
right we can tell all of that just by
looking at you whether we ought to give
you a listen or not that's point number
one in the left's new agenda point
number two in the left's new agenda is
that all moral standards are subservient
to your suffering that we ought to give
you leeway because you've had a hard
life this has been part of leftists
trope since forever basically I mean
even if you go back and you listen to
West Side Story the song gee officer
Krupke is based on mocking this trope
that people who are juvenile delinquents
are only two butyl delinquents because
they've been put upon in reality people
are juvenile delinquents very often
because they make a choice that is a
really bad choice and decides to be bad
people well the left has decided they're
going to double down on the idea that
you're allowed to do bad things so long
as those bad things make you feel good
that's what this article is in the UK
Daily Mail it's an article by a woman
named Julien Ralph
she's a 69 year old mother of a 47 year
old son his name is Steven there's only
one problem steven has Down syndrome and
that means that Julien wishes that she
had killed him before he was born
I'm not joking there's an actual like 8
page article in the UK Daily Mail the
piece is basically this heartbreaking
extraordinarily lengthy description of
how hard it is to deal with down
syndrome child
Julianne's care for her son is obviously
heroic this Gillian Ralph person read
she's taking care of her son who is
severely Down syndrome and and you know
can't take care of himself can't wipe
himself he's now 47 years old and all
the rest but here is what rel says she
says so difficult has it been that I
honestly can say I wish he hadn't been
born I know this will shock many this is
my son whom I've loved nurtured and
defended for nearly half a century but
if I could go back in time I would abort
him in an instant I'm now 69 and Roy is
70 Roy's her husband and we'll celebrate
our golden wedding anniversary next
month perhaps you'll expect me to say
that over time I grew to accept my son's
disability and now looking back on that
day 47 years later none of us could
life without him and that I'm grateful I
was never given the option to abort
however you'd be wrong
because while I do love my son and I'm
fiercely protective of him I know our
lives would have been happier and far
less complicated if he had never been
born
I do wish I'd had an abortion I wish it
every day if he had not been born I'd
probably have gone on to have another
baby we would have had a normal family
life and Andrew would have had the
comfort rather than the responsibility
of a sibling after we're gone instead
Stephen who struggles to speak and
function in the modern world has brought
a great deal of stress and heartache
into our lives and this is why I want to
speak in support of the 92% of women who
choose to abort their babies after
discovering they have Down syndrome okay
so the second point in the Democratic
platform first point is
intersectionality second point in this
idea that subjective pain allows you to
perform objectively sinful activities
we'll talk about that in just a second
first let's talk about your impending
doom okay you're gonna die someday it
may not be that far away I mean I know
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna hint at it
I'm not gonna hint that I know the
precise day upon which you applause I
may or may not know that but when you do
plots the one thing that you're gonna
wish you had done is get life insurance
and that's why you shouldn't waste your
time you should have gone over to policy
genius right now besides the life
insurance rates are the lowest they have
now been in 20 years the best time to
buy is now in the best place to buy life
insurance is policy genius calm policy
genius is the easy way to compare life
insurance online in just five minutes
you can compare quotes from the top
insurers to find the best policy for you
and when you compare quotes you save
money it is indeed that simple policy
genius has helped over 4 million people
shop for insurance they place over 20
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and renters insurance and health
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it for you so if you've been
putting off getting life insurance
there's no reason to do it anymore
go to policy genius com get quotes apply
in minutes it is that easy you can do it
right now and you should because again
the rates are their lowest in 20 years
policy genius comet is the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance go check
it out right now policy genius.com don't
leave your family without any cash in
your plots policy genius.com go check it
out ok so point one in the democratic
platform intersectionality point two
subjective opinion subjective feeling
Trump's objective moral standards so if
you're somebody who's had to suffer with
having to deal with a Down Syndrome
child you should go out there and you
should talk openly about the fact that
you wish to kill that person before
birth now never mind that's deeply
immoral never mind that having children
is is
always a sacrifice in in my case it's
also a joy because I thank God have two
healthy children even though you know
there are hard times including you know
we've had to have open-heart surgery on
our daughter that doesn't mean that pain
is a good excuse for for obliterating
another human life how many people who
are 60 years old have an 80 year old
parent who is suffering in the throes of
dementia does that mean that it's moral
to stick a stick a pin in their arm
stick a needle in their arm and just put
them down like a dog is that does it
doesn't mean that it's okay when
somebody is causing you insane amounts
of pain is it okay to go murder them
when that person is causing you grief
and pain and difficulty is it okay for
you to actually go and kill that person
of course the answer is no but in the
Democratic agenda it really is that our
level of sympathy is supposed to trump
objective morality and the value of
human life
so that's prong number two in the
Democratic platform all of this is is
peculiarly self-centered that if you're
a particular race you get to be as
vengeful as you want about another race
so long as you're not white and that if
you are suffering from anything in your
life you got to obliterate that thing so
long as Democrats say it's okay for you
to obliterate that thing and that brings
us to the third prong of the Democratic
platform and that is the economic plan
the economic plan of course is
democratic socialism so let's talk about
democratic socialism obviously this is
rising inside the Democratic Party
there's this great battle going on right
now inside the Democratic Party for the
future of that party there's sort of the
