the media lament president Trump's
cruelty everything is racist and
Democrats look to the future I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
myriad and sundry topics for us to cover
today at veritable cornucopia of issues
and commentary coming your way in just a
second but first I want to remind you
that we are actually taking the Ben
Shapiro show live this month to
audiences in Dallas and Phoenix what's
crazy is that we are now less than two
weeks away from these events each venue
is almost entirely sold out thousands of
tickets sold if you have not yet gotten
your ticket go to Live Nation calm or
Ticketmaster calm and search Ben Shapiro
you don't want to miss the event it's
really give me a lot of fun I can't wait
to see you there it's going to be just a
blast it's gonna be awesome
also I want to remind you about your
Second Amendment rights because the
clock is ticking how would you like to
hit the range tomorrow with a brand new
gun well I would and the US ECA wants to
make that dream come true they are here
to help train and protect responsible
gun owners like you and me and right now
they are giving away free guns every day
so you got to go check them out they're
giving away a different gun every single
day it all ends soon just go to defend
your family now dot-com to get entered
right now it could get up to 17 chances
to win your gun daily it could be 17
kimber 17 Glocks 17 new cigs all you
have to do is go to defend your family
now dot-com to reveal which gun you
could be taking home today
it all ends soon again today's gun
disappears at midnight tonight so don't
put it off don't miss your chance you
could win a new gun every single day
defend your family defend your family
now.com for your free country to win
right now again defend your family now
calm you Seca does amazing work they not
only provide you the educational
resources that you need they also will
provide you the legal help they need in
case god forbid you extra have to fire a
gun at anybody so go check them out
right now defend your family now calm
again defend your family now calm for a
chance to win a gun defend your family
now calm us you see a great organization
all right so we begin today with the
update on the alex jones banning so alex
jones is as i have said about 1 million
times at this point an insane person
alex jones is the guy who says that the
government is attempting to turn the
frogs gay he is a person who believes
that the Sandy Hook shooting was
actually a false flag and that the dead
kids were actually child actors or at
least that's something he expressed on
his show he suggested the same thing
about various other terrorist attacks he
suggested that the Syrian gas attack by
the Syrian government was actually
performed by the white helmets he says
crazy borderline libelous and slanderous
things on a routine basis he said a
couple of weeks ago that Robert Muller
was forwarding child rape
some suction and that he wanted to get
in a duel with Robert Muller now his
supporters will say that all of this is
just shock value entertainment kind of
stuff whatever it is it's garbage but
does that mean that Facebook and YouTube
and Apple and all of these various
social media platforms ought to ban his
material well not really on the basis on
which they are claiming if they wanted
to say listen we're gonna ban slanderous
material libelous material we're gonna
ban material that incites violence then
that at least is a workable standard but
instead all of these social media groups
said that they're going to use hate
speech regulations essentially to ban
Alex Jones and as I said yesterday on
the program hate speech is a really
really vague term when you say hate
speech over and over and over and then
you apply it to a bunch of random people
and topics that you just disagree with
so I ben shapiro and participating in
hate speech when i refused to use your
preferred pronoun as a transgender
person and alex jones engaged in hate
speech when he says that children who
were murdered in a mass shooting attack
were actually child actors in a false
flag if you're going to equate those two
things then hate speech has no actual
meaning and this is the problem the left
actually want hate speech to have no
actual meaning except for stuff they
don't like and the proof is in the
pudding the stuff that they want a ban
is invariably stuff that is anti left I
don't think Alex Jones is a conservative
in any serious way I don't think that
he's even on the right in any serious
way he believes in bigger government and
variety of issues he is more a
provocateur and an anti left activist
there is a difference between
conservatism and being anti left the
Nazis were anti left they weren't
actually American conservatives there
are a lot of folks who are anti left who
are not actually American conservatives
American conservatism is a very specific
brand about limited government and
god-given rights with that said Alex
Jones is being targeted by the left
because he doesn't like the left very
much even though he has some kind of
common principles with them in terms of
the size and scope of government well
the left is suggesting that social media
ought to use Alex Jones to get a foot in
the door there's a CNN article today all
about how CNN had basically pressured
social media into banning Alex Jones you
remember just a couple of weeks ago
Facebook came out they said listen we're
not gonna throw Alex Jones off the
platform and then just this week they
said well you know maybe we'll do that
after all the problem is that once
politicians and folks on the Left get
their foot in the door once they feel
that they have the leverage to knock out
anybody
they don't like under the rubric of hate
speech you can fairly well guarantee
that that is exactly what they are going
to do case in point
Chris Murphy's senator from Connecticut
so he tweets out last night Infowars
which is Alex Jones's execrable outlet
is the tip of a giant iceberg of hate
and lies that uses sites like Facebook
and YouTube to tear our nation apart
these companies must do more than take
down one web site the survival of our
democracy depends on it so this is Chris
Murphy in actual elected government
official who is now calling on private
companies to crack down on speech that
he does not like that's all this is he
is not suggesting any sort of principle
that has any limits to it he is not
suggesting slander and libel be the
rules he is not suggesting that violence
be the rule he is suggesting that
anything he doesn't like anybody who he
labels lying should be banned by
Facebook and YouTube what's hilarious
about this is that the entire left which
has suggested the President Trump is
awful awful awful awful for shouting
fake news at CNN these same people who
shout fake news at any outlet they don't
like they say that they should be able
to push private institutions into
banning speech so my question of Chris
Murphy was okay
Facebook's a private institution can do
it once YouTube is a private institution
it can do it it wants but you are a
congress person right you are a member
of the Senate of the United States you
do not have the governmental power under
the First Amendment to make a law
abridging freedom of speech so what
you're gonna do about it
you're gonna try and regulate Facebook
and YouTube you're gonna try and call
them a monopoly and then break them up
you're gonna try and nationalize social
media sites because you actually the
government wants to control what people
can and cannot say the fact is that even
if the government owned a site like
Facebook or YouTube they would not be
allowed to engage in any sort of content
content discrimination they would not
allow they under the First Amendment
government sources are not allowed to
engage in content-based discrimination
and content-based bias but the idea here
really is the Democrats are going to
punish all of these companies for not
doing what they want they're gonna
punish Facebook they're gonna punish
YouTube and that's the reason you've
seen Facebook and YouTube respond so
over in in such over-the-top fashion to
all of the Democratic complaints about
fake news on their platforms and we
talked about this a few months ago when
Mark Zuckerberg was called idiotically
to the floor of the Senate to answer
questions about Russian hacking and
Russian interference in the election
Democrats have been saying people like
Dianne Feinstein had been saying while
the Russians really affected the
election with Facebook now the evidence
that the Russians affected the election
of Facebook is extraordinarily minimal I
mean I've seen the Senate documents on
this sort of stuff and what they
basically show is a bunch of crappy
Russian memes that are really poorly
done and we're seen by a minut number of
people I should know how the metrics
works we have one of the most active
Facebook pages in America the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page is extraordinarily
actively about four million followers
and we generate legitimately hundreds of
millions of clicks per year but the
Senate was suggesting that the entire
election turned the Democrats were
suggesting the entire election turned on
Russian fake news being distributed via
Facebook the reason they were making a
big issue out of this is because they
wanted to push Facebook into regulating
stuff they don't like and you're saying
Chris Murphy basically saying that
openly now again Facebook and YouTube
they have the capacity and the power and
the ability under the First Amendment to
do whatever they want their first and
there they are a private company but
once you get government officials
sounding off and suggesting that various
sites should be shut down in order to
quote unquote save democracy that's
burning the village in order to save it
once the government says you have to
shut down outlets in order to save
democracy you have to start thinking
about whether that is actually a
destruction of democracy in order to
quote unquote save democracy if you
think that America hangs on a knife's
edge because Infowars is out there then
I would suggest that perhaps you have
the wrong idea of what a republic is the
whole basis of a republic is that the
people are smart enough to see past the
stupidity of places like Infowars that
the vast majority of people are not
taken in by Alex Jones's shtick and the
fact is that if we're gonna get into the
business of banning companies that
routinely engage in fake news there a
bunch on the Left who we ought to be
looking at but we shouldn't get into
that business because it's a dangerous
business and this is why if Facebook and
YouTube want to go after Alex Jones on
the grounds that he is he is committing
certain acts that could theoretically
violate legal lines that is one thing
but if they want to set up this soft
standard that can then be manipulated by
the Democrats that is completely another
and it is astonishing to me that folks
on the Left don't see how this could be
turned on the other ear the same people
who are complaining that Trump calls the
media fake news these same people have
no problem with Facebook and YouTube
banning Infowars and again I'm not
saying that Infowars and CNN are on the
same level I know that's an unpopular
thing to say among conservatives but CNN
in four
are not on the same level CNN actually
does report the news and when they get
things wrong they get things wrong and
apologize for it generally speaking they
are biased in their approach to the news
that is the big flaw with CNN but if you
are just to look at the number of true
things that CNN says on a daily basis
versus the number of true things
Infowars says on a daily basis there is
no comparison CNN is not promulgating
the conspiracy theory that pizza gate is
real I'm not going to pretend CNN and
Alex Jones are exactly the same ilk
because I don't think that they are
however if we're going to get into the
business of policing speech it's hard to
see where you draw that line and why you
would draw that line in a way that
doesn't include Infowars but does
include CNN or does include dailykos but
doesn't include Infowars or it does
include huffington post but doesn't
include daily wire very difficult to see
limiting principles here and limiting
principles are the necessity of a legal
system if you're a lawyer what you're
looking for is a law that can be equally
applied across the board if the law is
just a tool of the powerful that's when
you start to have problems and right now
the law is becoming a tool of the
powerful who are attempting to club
companies like Facebook and YouTube into
line this is why even when conservatives
say they want to regulate Facebook and
YouTube and Steve Danon has said this I
think no that's it it's more dangerous
than it's worth and it violates First
Amendment principles you shouldn't be
regulating private companies just
because you don't like what the private
companies are doing there's a lot of
talk today about well you can never
launch a competitor to Facebook you can
never launch a competitor to YouTube
why not Facebook started as a competitor
to MySpace are you saying that we can
never create a competitor to a company
that was founded in what 2007 I'm old
enough to remember one Yahoo was the
dominant search engine and then Google
took over I'm old enough to remember
when Alta Vista was the dominant search
engine before Yahoo so company there's
this weird idea that pervades America
that companies that are very powerful
today we're always powerful and always
will be powerful the reality is the
companies drop in and out of the stock
market and off the top 100 on a regular
basis the number of really long-lasting
companies in the United States without
government subsidies is actually pretty
low there's pretty high turnover in
business which is to say if Facebook
continues to be bad in its business
there will be a competitor that is
launched if YouTube continues to ban ad
revenue for a variety of various content
creators there will be alternative
sources that are created that are not
YouTube so there is a
solution tube material you don't like on
YouTube or Facebook and that is don't
watch it it does not push Facebook and
YouTube to ban all of that sort of
material now to talk about another
idiotic attempt to cram down government
in just one second but first let's talk
about your bathroom habits well let's
talk mostly about whether you shave or
whether you take a shower or whether you
do all the things that make you a human
being well if you do any of those things
what you actually need is Dollar Shave
Club Dollar Shave Club has everything
you need to get ready in the bathroom
any particular product that you want
they've got okay Dollar Shave Club has
got my favorite the coaming body
cleanser it's fantastic it's Evan its
amber and lavender scented I get out of
the shower my wife's like wow that
smells really good I'm like thank you
darling that's me well that's actually
not me that's the coaming body cleanser
from Dollar Shave Club go check it out
right now they've got a champ ooh
conditioner body while shoot paste hair
gel even a wipe that leaves your butt
feeling tingly clean all Dollar Shave
Club products are made with top-shelf
ingredients that will not break your
budget you will feel the difference plus
shipping is included with your
membership and here's a great way to try
Dollar Shave Club stuff for just 5 bucks
you can get their daily essentials
starter set it comes with body cleanser
one wipe Charlies that's the amazing
about wipe the world-famous shea butter
and their best razor that six blade
executive and then you can keep the
blades coming for a few bucks more per
month add in shampoo toothpaste anything
else you need for the bathroom check it
all out at dollarshaveclub.com slash
been there's a reason they're one of the
fastest growing companies in the country
because their stuff is awesome
dollarshaveclub.com slash men again
dollarshaveclub.com slash men go check
them out alright so speaking of leftist
attempts to involve government in areas
where it shouldn't be involved I have to
bring up this tweet that was shown to me
by our very own send you a full credit
to Sonya for spotting this idiocy Dylan
Matthews over at voxcom the font of much
of America's stupidity I would say that
Vox has more impact on America's stupid
then Infowars does because Vox actually
purports to be a non conspiratorial
website that just prints dumb crap on
regular basis and this is not to say
that every writer over at Vox is bad I'm
fairly good friends with a couple of
writers over at Vox actually but Dylan
Matthews is is just he's a first to your
econ student who should have failed he
says getting to Canada style health care
costs would require cutting doctor
salaries a lot 33 percent for primary
care 52 percent for ortho surgeons
that's fine they'll live but it's
important
to undersell the political difficulty no
it's not fine and this just demonstrates
the lack of understanding of how exactly
medicine works and he's citing a study
that shows that doctors in America are
paid significantly more than doctors in
other parts of the world it shows that
in Australia doctors make about half
what they make in the United States and
Germany they make about 70% in the UK
they make about 86 percent of what they
make in the United States the the
pre-tax earnings net of expenses in the
United States as of 2008 was about a
hundred and eighty six thousand dollars
for doctor
believe it or not that's actually not a
lot of money for a doctor the reason
that's not a lot of money for a doctor
is number one that is the average there
are a lot of doctors making below that
and a lot of doctors making above it if
you're a dermatologist you're probably
making half a million dollars a year if
you are a primary care physician there's
a good shot that you're making less than
186 thousand dollars a year depending on
where exactly you are practicing but if
you lower the amount of money forcibly
lower the amount of money that you are
that doctors are making do you think
more or fewer doctors are going to go
into the business of doctoring my wife
and I you know we paid our bills and we
had to spend on her college and medical
school education
we spent let's say four years of UCLA
plus four more years of medical school
so that would be a grand total of
somewhere in the neighborhood of three
hundred fifty thousand dollars three
hundred thousand dollars on her medical
education and then she had a three year
residency and in residency residents are
paid virtually nothing they're paid
basically less than minimum wage if you
actually average out the number of hours
they work to the salary that they make
which is very often like 50 grand then
you're actually averaging out to below
minimum wage numbers for people who have
been trained to take care of you if you
start cutting the salaries and she's not
