the stock market dropped precipitously
yesterday we'll give you all of the
analysis plus Quentin Tarantino is now
under fire for apparently choking uma
Thurman or something we'll discuss that
and Justin Trudeau proves that he is
basically a human mop I am Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
I have so many fantastic insults lined
up for Justin Trudeau today and I cannot
wait to use them I mean they just have a
whole pile of them just lined up before
me you can't actually see them they're
just off-screen but they are spectacular
we'll get to Justin Trudeau the me2
movement may be losing some of its some
of its luster but first we're going to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Birch gold so if you look at the stock
market today and yesterday and Friday
you might be thinking now is a good time
for me to be a little diversified and I
have most of my assets in the stock
market but I do have a significant
portion of my assets in precious metals
the reason being that you never know
when the government is going to inflate
the currency you don't know when the
stock market is going to crash you don't
know and that means that you ought to be
hedging your bets at least a little bit
and that's where my friends at Birch
gold that come in Birch gold group has a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau contact
Birch gold group right now you receive a
free information kit on physical
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit shows how gold and silver can
protect your savings and I can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Bennett's
birchgold.com slash pin again they're
the folks that I trust with precious
metals investing birchgold.com slash
menus that slash Ben so that they know
that we sent you when the economy's
volatile it's not necessarily a bad
thing to have some your money in
precious metals birchgold.com slash
banner okay so speaking of the economy
the stock market dropped a thousand
points yesterday it had gone all the way
down sixteen hundred points yesterday
that followed a six hundred sixty-six
point drop on Friday today the stock
market is basically balancing around its
last I checked it's up by fifty six
points or so but you never know on days
like this you really don't know until
about three pm like late in the
afternoon you're gonna find out when the
stock market basically get close to
closing and people decide where they
want to finish their portfolio for the
day if there's a major sell-off at the
end of the day now everyone is going
nuts about this oh my god is the single
largest stock market drop in the history
of the United States in terms of peer
points well who cares about peer points
that's stupid that's like saying that
the GDP every year in the United States
goes up in peer dollar amounts that's
true in terms of percentage amounts
that's not necessarily the case in any
significant order
and that's the case with regard to the
stock market drop just because the stock
market dropped fifteen hundred points at
one point it was about a 3% 4% drop
yesterday that is not even close to the
top 25 stock market drops of all time
some people who are saying this was the
end of the world are stupid by the same
token now president Trump I've been
saying this for literally his entire
presidency the President of the United
States when he goes out and he uses the
stock market increase as an indicator of
economic health I said this well Obama
was president I've been consistent in
saying it well Trump was president the
stock market is not a good reflection of
the underlying economic fundamentals
plus the stock market is not the
responsibility of anyone presidents the
idea that President Trump came into
office and therefore he is responsible
solely for stock market increases and
decreases is stupid I said the same
thing about President Obama so I've been
entirely consistent on this point
another thing to know when you see
headlines saying that trillions of
dollars wiped out and wealth billions of
dollars wiped out and wealth Nautilus
from one of the people who actually sold
right so if you have a 401 K your 401 K
is worth less than it is than it was
yesterday at the beginning of the day
sure that's true if you tried to sell it
it would be worth less but are you
selling your 401 K today you have to
cash out today if you're not cashing out
today the answer is you lost zero money
this is why Warren Buffett was famous
for saying things like during the 2008
crash people would say well your entire
portfolio you lost billions and billions
of dollars buffle to tell you well no I
didn't I didn't sell and lose anything
Oh in the real estate market goes down
if you don't sell your house he didn't
lose any money the value of your house
may have gone down meaning if you sold
your house what would it be worth today
but if you're not selling your house
today what do you care and went with
consequently when the stock market rises
when they say Jeff Bezos made a billion
dollars in a day no he didn't even sell
any of his stock I mean the value of his
stock went up so presumably if he tried
to sell in stock the value would be
higher but if you're not buying and
you're not selling then you're not
winning or you're not you're not losing
money or gaining money it's just the the
facts of life there folks the only
people who may have lost money yesterday
without actively selling are people who
are on what are called margin calls
people who have margin accounts of the
brokerage firm where they're basically
borrowing money from their stock broker
in order to buy stock and if they if the
stock market goes down too much then the
stock broker goes back to the person
with the margin account and forces them
to pay up some more money to buy more
stock to keep the margins up to shape
but that's relatively rare almost there
professional investor most people do not
have margin accounts so is it the
the world no it's not the end of the
world and it's not just me saying this
the New York Times is saying this can
there are times which has an interest in
putting forward the notion that Donald
Trump is leading to economic collapse
Neil Irwin over at the New York Times
has ignore the stock market the
underlying economy it looks fine he says
what is the stock market telling us with
its a precipitous drop over the last
several days in all likelihood not much
of anything that's because the stock
market though crucial in the long run
for individuals accumulating wealth and
companies raising capital in so erratic
as to be useless in providing
information about the sort of the
short-run the eight point five percent
drop in the sp500 could signify the
onset of a global recession it could
also mean that some trading algorithms
at a big hedge fund collided in weird
ways before what really matters the
well-being of the economy look first two
fundamental economic data second looks
at bond market and other financial
market indicators that are more reliable
measures of investor expectations than
stock prices basically there was a
theory going around over the last few
days if the reason the stock market had
a drop is because number one the wage
data was goods meaning the wage data
went up and so that meant the profit
margins and companies were going down
some people sold some stock as a
possibility number one possibility
number two is there were some signals
from the Fed the interest rates were
going to rise and that would make the
lines of credit a little bit harder to
get and that means that the stock market
is going to drop a little bit bond
yields I guess where we're up and so the
stock market went down sometimes in bond
yields go up the stock market goes up in
any case here's what Neil Irwin says
since there's good news on both fronts
as both points to a global economy that
will continue growing steadily in the
months and years ahead perhaps of
inflation that is a bit higher than in
the recent past this contrast is market
sell-offs with drops in 2011 2015 and
2016 which coincided with pessimistic
signals in both economic data and the
bond market the stock market can when
looked at in concert with these other
indicators provide some useful insight
right now it appears to be more noise
and then signal and he says the economic
date has been solid in recent weeks on
Friday the Labor Department reported the
u.s. added 200,000 jobs in January the
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta says
there they are going to they're looking
at a four percent annual increase of
economic expansion which is a major
number that was the number that Trump
promised and people were skeptical he
was going to get of course there's
plenty of statistical errors built into
these numbers they may turn out to be
incorrect but the bond market is looking
optimistic about the future prices
suggest the continued growth without
inflationary overheating is the most
likely future the stock market is lost
on ground since the start of the year
because of the sell-off on Monday but
the yield on ten-year Treasury bonds is
up in that span from 2.4 percent
to 2.75% which thinks that bond
investors think steady recovery will
allow the Federal Reserve to raise
interest rates gradually so in other
words this is just a market correction
okay now it may take a few months for
the stock market to go back up to what
it was but the idea that we are in a
full-scale economic collapse is really
stupid there's no evidence to that
effect now maybe that's what it turns
out to be but we haven't seen that and
we haven't seen any underlying
fundamentals that would suggest that at
this point this is why it's so dumb for
commentators to blame or credit the
stock market for a particular president
so Sean Hannity he's a good guy but like
this is so dumb yesterday he blame him
to the plunge in the Dow on Barak Obama
who has not been president since last I
checked January of 2017 it is now for
those who missed in February 2018 but I
guess that if Obama can blame Bush then
Kennedy can blame Obama here's Sean
going after going after Barack Obama for
the Dow plunging a year and a half after
he left office because the Obama economy
was so weak all of these years we had
just artificially cheap money now what's
cheap month cheap money cheap money is
when you can borrow at ridiculously low
rates the era of cheap money at some
point has to come to an end okay so he's
not completely but Sean isn't completely
wrong about this but it's not quite that
simple the fact is that they're not
looking at tremendous inflation rates
right now I agree with his analysis of
the stock market under Obama but that
wouldn't explain why the stock market
has continued to rise under President
Trump even as the money supply tightens
because the Fed has been raising rates
gradually in any case you know the stock
market has very little to do with
politics in the end it has a lot more to
do with confidence in particular
companies people don't buy in I mean you
buy indices of your 401 K but most
people don't buy indices most people buy
certain stocks right they're picking a
certain bundle of stocks high-risk
stocks low-risk stocks here's the deal
folks you want to make money in the
stock market take a little bit of money
invest in the stock market every month
and just leave it there just leave it
there forever right until you need it
okay if you if you did this and you've
been doing this for your entire life and
when the stock market goes down like
this month I'm excited I do this every
month this month I'm excited I just got
a discount on stocks I get to buy a
bunch of them all right next month
presumably on the stock market goes up I
will buy again and there's a good way to
incrementally increase your portfolio
whether the stock market goes up or
whether the stock market
goes down but everybody who's panicked
when the stock market takes a dip like
this and oh we must need major
government intervention unless there is
a serious underlying economic problem
like there was in 2008 government
intervention is usually unnecessary and
even more so counterproductive okay so
in just a second I'm going to talk about
gary-oke Quentin Tarantino and Justin
Trudeau and the insanity of the
feminists left and the me2 movement and
what they're doing cuz it really is
getting kind of crazy out there first I
want to say thank you for sponsors are
over at thrive market so you want to eat
healthy but you don't want to go over to
Whole Foods and deal with all the
Schmucks in the forum Priuses in the
Toyota Priuses who are driving around
with their bumper stickers that say save
the whales and clogging up the parking
lots they don't know how to drive with
their silent killer Priya says you don't
want to do that right you know want to
go to one of these overpriced organic
food markets instead what you want to do
is go to thrive market it's an online
grocer with a mission to make healthy
living affordable and accessible to
everybody they cut out the middleman for
the first time in history can purchase
premium non-gmo organic products at
wholesale prices it's all delivered to
your door plus you can organize the
products by Avera by a high number of
certain indicators that you're looking
for so they have a kosher thing for me
so that's great I can get a bunch of
products that I know are kosher from
thrive market in one click of a button
you can sort thrive markets catalog by
90 values based on your dietary needs
from vegans gluten-free from paleo to
non-gmo and more they have a hyper
curated catalog so you might find 1500
man butters at your local health store
and they'll all be really expensive but
it thrived they've narrowed it down to
three or four almond butters they are
the best and you know they're sourced
from the best of the best it's not just
foods by the way it supplements protein
powders all the stuff that you're gonna
use if you're working out you can get
them at 50% off retail so everything is
a lot less expensive than if you were to
go to that organic food market bull your
way through all of the people with seven
nose-rings and suddenly and make your
way to the counter with your protein
powder that's 50% overpriced instead you
can go to thrive market for my listeners
my friends at thrive market are offering
you 60 bucks of free groceries pretty
awesome deal plus free shipping and a
30-day free trial that is an incredible
deal keep in mind thrive markets prices
are already 25 to 50 percent off retail
and now they're offering an extra 60
bucks of free groceries so again 60
bucks of free groceries plus free
shipping and a 30-day free trial which
is an amazing feeling to go thrive
market calm / Shapiro's thrive market
calm / appear and you get your instant
60 bucks off
free groceries which is again that's a
lot of money they're giving you right
off the top thrive market calm slash
appear Oh eat healthy eat fresh and do
it from the comfort of your own home
without having to go to one of these
organic food markets that's filled with
obnoxious people's if I have not made
that clear I hate going to Whole Foods I
mean it says this is why I thrive market
is great thrive market calm slash appear
Oh check it out get your instant 60
bucks of free groceries and that 30 day
free trial when you slash capiro you'll
let them know as well that we sent you
okay so meanwhile the feminist movement
the me2 movement you know there was talk
about whether they were going off the
rails apparently they have gone
full-scale off the rails we begin today
with Justin Trudeau suffice it to say
that Justin Trudeau is Owen Wilson from
Meet the Parents except without the
woodworking skill Justin Trudeau is one
of the more obnoxious sycophantic
ridiculous idiotic get teenage girls in
a boy's body that I've ever seen I mean
it's just it's insane the guy's the only
famous because his dad was Gary Trudeau
his previous life what did he do in his
previous career I can't remember whose
something ridiculous it was like he was
a grocery check or something dumb
he's did not the grocery checkers are
done but it's not really a qualification
for being Prime Minister of Canada he is
his career before that let's see in 2009
he was appointed to the Liberal Party's
a critic for youth and multiculturalism
in 2011 here's a point that is critic
for secondary education he was a he grew
he worked as a teacher in Vancouver he
completed one year of an engineering
program one year and then one year of a
master's program in environmental
geography and and he worked in and he
was an athlete or something and so
there's a bunch of pictures of the shirt
off and apparently this makes the ladies
swoon or some such nonsense in any case
Justin Trudeau was on camera and he said
several silly things on camera here is
one of the silly things that he said on
camera he was asked someone wanted to
ask him a question about mankind the
person asking the question happened to
be a female student like a woman so
Justin Trudeau manse plains to her that
she shouldn't use the word mankind for
oh my goodness watch this watch this
more on maternal love is the love that's
going to change the future of mankind so
we'd like you to look we would like to
say people kind
not necessarily mankind what the f is
wrong with this guy
people kind do you mean humankind like
an actual word people kind as Jack
Handey once said mankind is made up with
two words man can end you don't know
what either of them means that's why
mankind is so mysterious but still like
justin justin trudeau my god the man is
if the song imagine could take human
form and then eat a tide pod that would
be justin trudeau
he is do you understand the stupidity of
this first of all the word mankind comes
from humankind it is just a shortened
version of version of humankind is there
any woman on earth who's serious about
feeling offended when people say mankind
of course mankind includes women hey
we're the species of man it doesn't mean
we are a species only of men hahaha
oh the levels of stupidity but this is
supposed to be empowering for women
honestly if you're a woman and you feel
empowered because a man just explained
mansplain to a woman that you can't use
the word mankind if that makes you feel
more feminist because justin trudeau
just told a female student who's talking
about the power of motherly love that
she shouldn't use the word mankind that
makes you feel like a real feminist let
me suggest that something is wrong with
you in the head doesn't the only dumb
thing that Justin Trudeau said yesterday
Justin Trudeau also compared Isis
terrorists apparently to immigrants from
Vietnam Greece and Italy which makes
perfect sense first of all the fact that
one of the reasons Canada is successful
as a country is because we have been
open to people fleeing persecution
fleeing war zones looking for a better
life for themselves and their kids when
we welcomed in waves of refugees whether
