we are approaching Halloween time we'll
talk everything Halloween what costumes
are you allowed to wear and most
importantly what costumes are you not
allowed to wear Plus Hillary Clinton
says she's totally innocent and Bill
O'Reilly says the same thing and neither
of them has a ton of evidence to support
that we'll talk about all of those
things I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show yes here we are it is yet
another day in the most beautiful
country on God's earth but there are
problems in paradise
those problems include whether to allow
your child to dress as mallanna yes
seriously this is what we are now going
to have a big fight about I'll explain
in just a second but first I want to
thank our sponsors over at zip recruiter
dot-com so are you in need of great
talent but you don't have a lot of time
to waste well we here at the Daily wire
use the prakruti all the time in order
to recruit new candidates for our jobs
and you can too right now zip recruiter
allows you to post your job to over 100
of the web's leading job boards with
just one click
then zip recruiter puts it smart
matching technology to work actively
notifying qualified candidates about
your job within minutes of posting so
you'll receive the best possible message
and the message matches and then the
messages just start pouring in super
cooter is different because it doesn't
depend on the right candidates finding
you it finds them for you using their
proprietary technology 80% of employers
who post on zip recruiter get equality
Kansas through the site in just one day
it is that fast
zip recruiter is the smartest way to
hire find out today why zip recruiter
has been used by growing businesses of
all sizes and industries to find the
most qualified job candidates with great
results you can post your jobs for free
right now on zip recruiter for free at
zip recruiter dot-com slash daily wire
that zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
go ahead and check it out because again
if you need the best employee for the
best possible situation the zip
recruiters the way to do it zip
recruiter comm slash daily where we use
it here at the daily wire and you can
too okay so as we approach Halloween it
is that time of the year for us to have
stupid conversations about what sort of
costumes you can and cannot wear now I
am NOT of the opinion that every costume
is appropriate because that would be
foolish but I'm also not of the opinion
that just because one person is offended
by a costume unreasonably that means
that the costume is inherently
or terrible or racist or any of that
stuff particularly when you're talking
about children's costumes I do think
there's a difference in kind between
children's costumes and adults costumes
so very often you'll see adults who
should know better dressing as things in
order to mock the culture that they're
wearing something up so for example if
my little daughter were to dress as as
Princess Tiana from a Disney movie you
know even put on blackface presumably
but if you were to dressed as Princess
Tiana from from princess and frog then
nobody would be offended by that because
she's a little girl if my wife were to
do the same thing people might have some
more questions there is a difference
between children's costumes and adult
costumes and I think that that's worth
noting by the way I do think that the
whole motion of adults dressing up for
Halloween I'm not the biggest fan unless
you have a child just a general rule
like I have a kid so both of us dress up
in costumes for poram for example and
I'm poor him everybody dresses up I'm
not sure that that adults dressing up
for Halloween and like making a huge
deal out of it unless it's like a cutesy
thing is really is really a thing cuz it
turns out that most people are just
looking to get drunk and participate in
various activities which I would not
approve and so you got like nurse
costumes and such not not my favorite
thing in any case the left has decided
that it must set some standards however
and the standards for white people is
you cannot dress up as anything but
yourself or an inanimate object that is
culturally stereo sterile basically it
has no cultural sort of weight even
dressing up is like a Rubik's Cube like
that would be that they light or spoon
like a spoon would be good right you can
dress up as a letter of the alphabet you
can't dress up as anything else because
if you do you're likely to offend
someone so if you're a white person
particularly you have to be very very
careful about these standards and now
the left is extending these standards
down to children so there's an amazing
piece in Cosmopolitan magazine that was
going around yesterday that I have to go
through because it does reveal you know
a culture that is is determined to be
oversensitive about things that don't
matter is going to be a culture that
tears itself apart and this is a perfect
example of that we should all be
sensitive to the cultural concerns of
others I think that's that's appropriate
I mean I really do actually but I also
think that if you are looking to be
offended then you're going to find
something to be offended about the
latest iteration is Cosmo has written a
has put out a piece by the red book
editors that says that you should not
allow your child your daughter to dress
asthma
for Halloween mallanna is of course the
Polynesian princess from from the
self-titled movie Moana and because
she's Polynesian they're not saying that
if you have a well if you if you have
white kid then your kid should not be
allowed to dress up as Moana and the
article is just a masterpiece of
stupidity so I really want to go through
it cuz I think it's it speaks to where
we are in the culture and you want to
know how you got trumped this I got from
the feeling that everyone is
oversensitive about stupid crap is how
you got Trump and then Trump says stuff
that people should be sensitive about
and then they're not sensitive about it
and so things get worse in any case here
are the red book editors from Cosmo what
I tweeted was I'll take advice on how to
dress my child for Halloween when Cosmo
stops telling me to abort my child or
raise them gender-neutral
in any case the piece starts like this
it's mid October which means Halloween
is just two weeks away which means it's
way past time to decide on a Halloween
costume for your kid first of all I mean
then itself is stereotypical I mean how
could you decide for your child how
patriarchal are you chances are you have
a child that is enamored with all things
Disney and wants to be all of the
princesses all of them especially
mallanna
the New York Post recently highlighted
an article on race race-conscious org
which seems like a terrible way to spend
your day reading race-conscious org
about how that's probably not a good
choice if your kid is white then
revealed that moms are freaking out over
the culturally appropriate of costume as
I've said before cultural appropriation
is idiotic it's one thing for you to
take something that has deep spiritual
meaning and then market it is another
thing for you to say you know it's great
Italian food you know it's awesome
Chinese food you know it's pretty cool
hoop earrings like really if you're
getting oversensitive about this stuff
folks you really need a life then it
says needless to say the post coverage
has only amplified the debate around
what does or does in constitute cultural
appropriation
last year Disney came under fire for its
Maui costume which depicted the demigods
painted brown skin and I looked this up
apparently Disney released a costume
from from one of the characters in the
film was played by Dwayne the rock
Johnson and the costume involved having
brown skin I guess and this was a big
controversy and so they had to pull the
costume and basically I'm looking it up
right now the reason people were angry
is because the costume itself was a
brown skinned bodysuit adorned with
Polynesian tattoos and a full leaf skirt
and two sets of legs with thick dark
hair
top off the Maui and Moana look and this
is just terrible because for some reason
that I don't understand because Maui is
a Polynesian in the movie so that's kind
of weird like they weren't saying that
you should paint your face black they're
saying this is what Maui looks like we
all have eyes people are different
colors in any case I don't think that it
was you know just the worst thing that
ever was in any case the company
ultimately pulled the costume in
response to the uproar saying the team
behind mallanna has taken great care to
respect the cultures of the Pacific
Islands that inspired the film and we
regret that the Maui costume has
offended some the Maui at question may
have been settled but this year there
are plenty of tweets out there asking
the internet and lin-manuel Miranda if
it's okay to dress up as Moana for
Halloween first of all I think we have
to ask a question why should lin-manuel
Miranda be able to write the music for a
movie about Polynesians why not a
Polynesian person writing Polynesian
music for a movie about Polynesians
lin-manuel Miranda's in Polynesia as far
as I'm aware I think is the original
article written by Sachi Faris discusses
how her white daughter was torn between
dressing as Elsa from frozen or the
titular character from Moana Ferris
expresses concern that while in Elsa
costume might reinforce notions of white
privilege dressing up as Moana is
essentially cultural appropriation the
act of reducing someone's culture to
stereotypes and thereby belittling it
though fairest puzzles over how one
might wear Moana costume respectfully
she ultimately decides it just isn't a
good idea so let's get this straight the
left is saying your daughter can't dress
up as a Polynesian girl that she admires
because that's bad because something we
can't have heroes who are cross-cultural
we just can't do it
Jews have to dress up like Jews white
folks who are not Jewish or Italian or
German have to dress up like those
people basically dress up as yourself as
these the Halloween advice from the left
is here for white people I do love the
idea that she can't dress up as Elsa cuz
that would be that would be ethnocentric
but she should dress up as she she also
can't trust up as Moana because that
would be cultural appropriation I'm a
little dizzy at this point says at this
point you might be saying something like
but I just dressed up as jasmine as a
child and I'm not a racist or it's just
a Halloween costume please chill the f
out right I'm saying both of those
things but I didn't dress up as Jasmine
but one of the best things about time is
that it moves forward you should too
this is Cosmo you can and should strive
to be better than you were ten twenty or
thirty years ago
well how about more intelligent because
it sounds like you just want us to be
dumber than we were ten years ago if you
miss the mark when you were younger
maybe think about using this Halloween
as an opportunity to teach your kid
about the importance of cultural
sensitivity if your child's dream
costume feels questionable don't just
throw up your hands and hand over your
credit card you're the parent here and
the onus of what your child wears falls
on you if your kid wears a racist
costume you're kind of learning it too I
just want to note here a little bit of
an incongruity and I love that sentence
you're the parent here right if your
child's dream costume feels questionable
don't throw up your hands and hand over
your credit card you're the parent here
unless your child is a boy who declares
that he's a girl in which case you're
not the parent here shut the F up and
hand them over to a pediatrician for
help for hormone blockers then you're
not the parents if your kids decides
their kid is a member of the opposite
sex then you're not the parent anymore
but if your kid wants to dress up like
Moana well damn it step in don't you
understand the kind of damage you're
doing to the country okay but it gets
even better recognize this Moana is a
really special character to young girls
of Polynesian descent who have never
seen the Disney princess who looks like
them just like how Ayanna from The
Princess and the Frog likely resonated
with young black women could waited
decades to see themselves represented
okay so white girls have plenty of
princesses to choose from there's Belle
Ariel Snow White Sleeping Beauty you get
the idea
well I guess that only mermaids can
dress up as Ariel and as far as as far
as these other characters none of them
are Jewish so what does my daughter do
I just don't know is it white cultural
appropriation for her to dress up as
Cinderella she's really big into
Cinderella if you're caucasian son or
daughter doesn't get to be exactly what
they wanted for Halloween encourage them
to take a step back and realize that
there are washing privileges that the
real moana xin Tiana's of the world will
likely never see because the world is
full of racist a-holes I'm gonna go with
if you are so race-conscious that you
think that you can't admire someone of a
different color or ethnicity you may be
one of the racist a-holes you might want
to take a look in the mirror but here's
the here's the best part of the article
basically the article says you can't
dress your daughter as Moana because
Trump really I'm not making this up like
this is how you got Trump times 1,000
and those a-holes are becoming ever more
empowered Wright's Cosmo our president
is a hate group apologist who tried to
ban refugees from seeking asylum in our
country simply because of their faith
meanwhile black Americans continue to be
killed by police and anti-semitic voices
feel louder and more powerful than they
have in decades so what does this have
to do with a seemingly innocuous
princess costume pretty much everything
really that's what the article says I'm
not making this up it's important to
align with and stand up for people of
color and minorities and a key part of
that is showing respect for their
cultures to pretend to be a racial
ethnic or religious minority when you're
not makes light of their history and
reinforces a deeply problematic power
dynamic when white people use then
discard pieces of culture they've
subjugated for centuries just because
they can and they say that your kids can
still sing Moana songs I don't know why
and then but they but you're not allowed
to allow your kid to to actually dress
up as Moana and then Fijian Emmeline
Mataji suggests using your kids desire
to be Moana or Maui as an opportunity to
teach them about actual Polynesian
culture that's fine but why can't they
dress up as those people yeah well as
I've said before every year when I was
growing up when I was a child I dressed
up as John Adams John Adams not a Jew
right John Adams a Christian founding
father I used to get in that costume
every year because I was a huge John
Adams fan because I grew up on the movie
1776 was that culturally appropriate in
John Adams was that making light the
whole point of your kid wearing a
costume is their kid is saying the
costume is cool it's that simple
end of story but this is how you get
Trump really it's the oversensitivity
and the deliberate oversensitivity
and the attempts to paint everyone who
is not willing to fall for this
microaggressions culture as racist that
is the serious problem and it's why
people are rejecting this nonsense
wholesale okay before I go any further
and I'm gonna talk about the president
Trump bob Corker spat that has now
broken out because it's a day ending in
Y which means that somebody is in a
fight with President Trump and President
Trump is in a fight with somebody
none of which actually affords policy by
the way I'm not just being gonna be
critical of Trump's policy there's a
good story about Trump's policy I want
to tell you two but first I want to say
thank you to our new sponsors over at
saucy so everyone at some point has
wished they could just have beer wine or
liquor delivered direct to their home
particularly during this news cycle
particularly when everything is so
depressing
sometimes you wish that someone would
just deliver a bottle of whiskey to your
house well now there is such a service
this is saucy okay it's the alcohol
delivery app they deliver your favorite
wine beer and liquor right to your door
on demand we've used it for vodka in the
Shapiro home it is the lyft or uber for
alcohol if you're in LA San Francisco
Chicago San Diego or Sacramento your
saucy order will
at your door in 30 minutes or less ready
to drink and for the rest of us
saucy will deliver beer wine and liquor
to your door in two days or less
nationwide no order minimums no delivery
fees no running to the store you're
sitting at home you're watching the news
you're depressed or you're sitting at
home watching a romantic movie with your
significant other and you just want a
bottle of something that's what saucy is
for if you've got the saucy app you've
got a fully stocked bar on your phone
you don't have to go out and spend
hundreds of dollars on every possible
drink that you might want instead you
just call for a drink when you want a
drink for a limited time you can get $15
off when you download the saucy app and
enter promo code been again 15 bucks off
when you download the saucy app and
enter promo code Ben that's the saucy
app spelled si you see ey si you see ey
and enter promo code Ben for $15 off get
that saucy app today and use promo code
Ben as I've said before there are
certain things in life that just make
you feel wealthy even when you're not
saucy app is one of those things that
does it's basically like having a butler
who can bring you liquor when you want
it which is pretty awesome saucy si you
see ey and enter the promo code Ben
after you download the app and get $15
off your order
okay so meanwhile well the rest of the
world fights over Halloween costumes you
know people tend to think that this
Halloween costume thing is irrelevant
except that it's not okay at Yale
University last year or two years ago
Erica Christakis was the head of the
shoes the I guess the Resident Advisor
at silliman College which is a place
that a bunch of students live Eagle and
she wrote a letter to people saying
basically you know don't be offensive if
you can avoid it but if you're offended
maybe take a second thought about why
you're offended and whether it's
worthwhile being offended about
Halloween costumes the students went
completely insane there was all sorts of
video of the students screaming and her
husband Nicholas Christakis
who's a very famous professor and
yelling at him and telling him to shut
up and listen to them because they're
people of color in many cases and he is
a white guy and so he should shut up and
listen to them because their opinions
are important and his not and his wife's
