Republicans barely hold on to a deep red
district in Ohio
Alexander Ocasio Cortez has herself a
rough day and fallout continues from the
Alex Jones ban I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
Wow lots of things happening last night
was a big election in Ohio there's also
an election in Washington that turned
out to be too close for Republicans none
of this is great news for Republicans I
want to talk about what exactly is going
on in those elections but first let me
remind you that our national debt is
twenty one trillion dollars in counting
that is money we owe other countries or
at least Oh back to funds that we have
withdrawn money from it is greater than
the entire economic output of the United
States if your entire life savings is
tied to the US dollar you should be
asking yourself what's your plan for
inflation
if the stilts fall out from under the
economy higher wages can increase
minimum wage across the country import
prices are gonna skyrocket with trade
wars raw materials prices are increasing
with tariffs rising housing prices
that's certainly happening here in
California and the government solution
to a lot of this stuff very often is
printing more money which means
demeaning your assets degrading your
assets well the best way to protect your
hard-earned investments sometimes is to
hedge against inflation and uncertainty
with at least some diversification into
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against such uncertainty my savings plan
is diversified and yours should be as
well the company I trust with precious
metals purchases is Birch gold group and
right now thanks to a little-known IRS
tax law you can even move your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver it is perfect
for people who want to protect
hard-earned retirement savings from any
future geopolitical uncertainty Birch
gold group has thousands of satisfied
customers countless five-star reviews at
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau
right now contact Birch gold to request
a free information kit on physical
precious metals it's a comprehensive 16
page kit showing how gold and silver can
protect your savings can legally move
your IRA 401k out of risky stocks and
bonds or into a precious metals IRA to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit go to
www.google.com slash bend they're the
people I trust for diversification into
precious metals ok so last night the
left was prepared for their big moment
in the Sun last night was gonna be the
moment when they finally won a deep
breath district now the last time they
won an actual red seat was when they won
the Alabama Senate seat because Roy
Moore had been the Republican nominee
and it turns out that he liked
frequenting the food court back in the
1970s to look for 14 year old girls
allegedly well he lost that election to
a Democrat but that was seen as largely
an outlier this Ohio election was seen
as more of an indicator as to how the
the elections of
are going to go this district is heavily
heavily heavily Republican this is a
very heavy Republican district when I
say it's a heavy Republican district I
mean that this district went for
President Trump by something like 11
points it means that if you look at the
counties that are surveyed in the in the
Ohio 12th district the vast majority of
them are are plus 15 overall if you look
at how this district has voted it voted
Republican in the last several election
cycles there was a Republican Congress
person who decided to resign and that's
why you had this special election
happening in Ohio's 12th district and
the Democrat in the county was the
Franklin County Recorder named Danny
O'Connor and the Republicans chose a
50-something veteran of state politics
again named Troy ball derson he barely
pulled out the election this thing was
narrow as all get-out it should have
been a Republican district plus 14 it is
14 percentage points more Republican
leaning than the nation as a whole
there's something like 114 republican
seats that are less Republican than this
particular district is none of this
looks good for Republicans even though
Troy ball derson picks up the seat and
wins the seat they're gonna have to do
this again in like three months because
the special election is only to fill out
the term that's currently happening the
the political geography in this district
is really interesting because there's a
lot of suburban districts and those
suburban districts both arson
dramatically underperformed he
overperformed actually in in district
lemon birth that he over performed in
some of the suburban districts
specifically because John Kasich came
out in endorsed him John Kasich is the
governor of Ohio I am NOT a John Kasich
fan as most people are aware but he did
not win the seat Roybal derson because
President Trump endorsed him he won this
seat because John Kasich endorsed him in
the last days of the seats these the
these statistics are pretty clear about
this nonetheless president Trump tweeted
out as long as I campaign and/or support
Senate and House candidates within
reason they will win I love the people
and they certainly seem to like the job
I'm doing if I find the time in between
China Iran the economy and much more
which I must we will have a giant red
wave the possibility of giant red wave
extraordinarily slight it is very very
unlikely that there is going to be a red
wave come November it could happen
theoretically but there are there were a
lot of indicators that were not
particularly good
Republicans across the country last
night in the third District of
Washington which is a likely Republican
district Democrat vote totals this in a
primary outpaced Republicans by fifty
point three percent to forty nine point
seven percent that is a contest that is
going to feature the GOP representative
Jaime Herrera Butler and Democrat
Carolyn long in November in the fifth
District which is run between
representative cathy McMorris Rogers
who's the fourth ranking Republican
woman in the House of Representative and
a Democrat named Lisa Brown the vote
totals showed that Republicans only led
by fifty point five percent to forty
seven point one percent that is not a
good vote total for Republicans in that
particular district and again in Ohio it
just did that that's not a result that
should be I think encouraging to a lot
of Republicans people are saying well
yeah the Republicans retain the seat
this is a R plus ten seats they retained
it by basically two thousand votes less
than two thousand votes
Paul Tarson one fifty point two percent
of the votes who Danny O'Connor is forty
nine point six percent of the vote and
the Green Party picked up eleven hundred
votes so this is this is not it's not
encouraging for Republicans it is not
and and anybody who is telling you
differently is whistling past the
graveyard and trying to suggest you
something that is simply not true
you have to look reality in the face you
have to look the statistics in the face
it is also worth noting that the polls
in this district were quite good there's
a lot of talk about the failures of
state polling in 2016 there were
failures of state polling in 2016
particularly in a lot of states where
there had only been one poll every
couple of months but the polling in this
district was spot on it basically showed
a dead heat the race was indeed a dead
heat so the polls were correct CNN's
John King he says that this was a big
deal last night that this was too close
to call he's correct about this
Republicans are taking solace in the
fact that this district ended up going
for the Republican but it is true that
this district never really should have
been on the table in the first place
during the Trump presidency the close in
suburbs in here have turned against this
president think that's why Alabama has a
Democratic senator that's why Democrats
did so well in Virginia I could go on
and I'm not including Pennsylvania
eighteen and Connor lamp so this
district is ruby-red Republican the fact
that it is so close is a big deal and
that is a hundred percent true okay what
John King is saying there is right and
it's why Republicans ought to be careful
with
they do in the upcoming months there's
this sense on the Republican side that
President Trump is untouchable that the
Republicans are untouchable the data
just do not bear this out listen I know
I'm not telling a lot of folks what they
want to hear but the reality is that
this is a district that went for Donald
Trump by nearly 10 points right it went
51.8%
to to Donald Trump I believe this
district actually the state of Ohio
total in 51.6% to Donald Trump the Ohio
12th district went to trump in a in a
landslide in the last in the last
presidential cycle and yet it did not go
in a landslide for for president Trump
last night Democrats have been routinely
outperforming in these special elections
by dramatic measures by dramatic
measures okay this is not a seat that
should have been competitive and there's
a lot of money those poured into this
district in support of ball derson the
Republicans did outspend the Democrats
and then they barely won the seat again
if you look at these these district
numbers they don't look good if even
half of the 68 Republicans who represent
a district less friendly than Ohio's
12th lose this November
Democrats retake the house with 11 seats
to spare if only 1 in 3 lose Democrats
stands in a net gain of 22 seats okay so
the none of this is particularly
encouraging for Republicans so when
President Trump says that this is just
evidence that Republicans are on the
upswing and everything is hunky-dory
that the evidence is just not there for
that meanwhile the Democrats continue
the radical wing of the Democratic Party
continues to gain in his ascendancy and
this is part of the problem with the
Democrats and this is why they could
actually blow this so the Democrats have
what you might term reverse Tea Party
problems there was a lot of talk in 2008
2010 2012 about Republicans nominating
unpalatable candidates because they were
the most anti-establishment candidates
the latest example of that was Roy Moore
in Alabama but you remember we nominated
Christine O'Donnell in Delaware instead
of Mike Castle and she ended up losing
that Senate seat and there are the
Republicans in Nevada they ran a
candidate in 2010 I believe who was
unpalatable and she ended up losing the
seats this is the sort of thing that can
happen when the base of the party starts
thinking less pragmatically and more
passionately you're seeing the Democrats
sort of do the same thing the reality is
that in this Ohio 12th district the
Democratic candidate was a longtime
Democratic politician with establishment
ties and they did better in that
district the same thing is true in
Pennsylvania but
Democratic base is embracing radicalism
full-scale indicated by the the amount
of conspiracy conspiracy Ilan sense
pressed by some of their more radical
members Alyssa Milano right the actress
she tweeted this out last night she
tweeted out you know what sucks because
of our unwillingness to pass policy that
protects our election integrity I
immediately think the Green Party votes
tonight our Russian meddling why else
would anyone cast a protest vote in Ohio
and there's so much at stake if you
actually think that the Democrat in Ohio
12 lost because of the Russians let me
suggest that you have now been
completely taken over by Trump
derangement syndrome so the Democrats
are having to fight an internal battle
between electing candidates who can
actually win general election seats and
electing candidates who are most likely
to vent their spleen and their ire at
the world and I'm not sure that's gonna
end well for them in 2020 because in
primaries in presidential primaries what
2016 shows is that passion actually
matters
well 2016 demonstrated is that when
you've got an angry base when you've got
an enraged base that base can make
serious trouble for you so Bernie
Sanders in the Democratic Party and
Donald Trump in the Republican Party it
seems likely to me that the Democrats in
2020 do not elect somebody to to run on
their ballot who is going to be a
moderate voice of reason
it seems more likely to me that they
elect somebody along the lines with
Bernie Sanders or in Alexandria Ocasio
cortes which is why most of the major
2020 candidates showed up at Netroots
this radical convention for the
democrats over the last week and a half
all the names that have been mentioned
are wildly out of the mainstream
Elizabeth Warren is out of the
mainstream Cory Booker is out of the
mainstream Kamala Harris is out of the
mainstream
certainly Alexandra Ocasio cortes and
Bernie Sanders are out of the mainstream
but those are the people that Democrats
seem like they want to push so if they
are practical then they will go and they
will find moderates to run in a lot of
these districts and in the presidential
seat in 2020 but if not then they are
going to they are going to end up I
think undercutting their own momentum
here which is the what Republicans are
counting on basically Republicans are
counting on President Trump to troll
Democrats into insanity and force them
to run candidates who are wildly wildly
radical and the American people cannot
stand that is the best hope that the
Republicans have here because the
Republicans are doing a piss-poor job of
actually representing their victories in
these particular
and in the in these particular election
cycles it is not good stuff and in just
a second I want to talk about the future
of the Democratic Party and this turned
toward radicalism but first let's talk a
little bit about what you're wearing
right now if you're at the office and
you're wearing a suit you probably got
it off the rack and it's probably ugly
the reason that you need to get a better
suit is because custom tailored suits
make you look like a million bucks we
don't have to spend a million bucks
instead you should head over to Indo
Chino it's the world's largest
made-to-measure menswear company they've
been featured in major publications
including GQ Forbes and Fast Company
that make suits and shirts made to your
exact measurements for a terrific fit
guys love the wide selection of high
quality fabrics the option to
personalize all the details including
your lapel lining and monogram here's
how it works you visit a showroom or you
shop online at endo Chino comm you pick
your fabric you choose your
customizations you submit your
measurements and then you wait for that
custom suit to arrive in just a few
weeks I've been to their showroom here
in Beverly Hills and it is just a lot of
fun it's really a blast you go in there
and you feel like James Bond you're
selecting your material and your lapels
and you can get things modeled it's it's
really awesome this week my listeners
can get any premium Indo Chino suit for
just 379 bucks and Indo Chino comm when
you enter Shapiro's at checkout that's
50% off the regular price from
made-to-measure premium suit again
shipping is free Indo Chino kaam promo
code Shapiro for any premium suit for
just 379 bucks plus free shipping it's a
great deal go check it out right now
Indo Chino calm and use a promo code
Shapiro at checkout ok so the best hope
for the Republicans considering this
wave of Democratic turnout which really
is pushed by the president's
unpopularity I understand among
Republicans President Trump is very
popular president Trump also has a bad
habit of pissing off the left to the
point that they actually want to go to
the polls and when you're the president
your job is to enervate the other side
your job is to take the wind out of
their sails president Trump is
constantly blowing winds into the sails
of the left by making statements on a
routine basis that just get them jazzed
up to throw fellow Republicans out of
offices they say I'm not sure that that
has a major impact on Trump's
re-election prospects but I do think it
has a serious impact on these
congressional races the corollary of
that is the Democrats because they are
so jazzed up could move radically to the
left and that means that their future is
Alexandra Ocasio Cortes now yesterday I
said that Alexandra Ocasio Cortez is not
the brightest bulb in the basket and I
stand by that statement
she is not in fact the brightest bulb in
the basket she was on pod save America
yesterday and she made a series of
ridiculous silly statements she again is
considered the future of the Democratic
Party because she's an intersectional
candidate she is she's a person of great
intersectional capacity to a woman and
she is his she's latina and that means
that she has valuable things to say even
if she is just saying random stuff all
the time that doesn't make any sense
well yesterday I'm positive America she
was asked a series of kiss ask questions
and she proceeded to immediately blow
them sky-high because she can't even
answer those questions properly by the
way you know there I've received a lot
of emails would I debate Alexander
Ocasio Cortes I would pay money to
Alexander Acacio cortezes campaign to
debate Alexander Ocasio Cortes I would
pay her money to come on the Sunday
special I would give money to her
campaign if it meant that she would
actually come on the Sunday special and
answer some serious questions from
somebody on the other side of the aisle
but there's a reason that she's only
existing in the safe space of POD save
America where they're just gonna ask her
questions like Alexandra where do you
get that lipstick Alexandra how do you
do your hair in the mornings Alexandra
can you talk to us about how Republicans
are mean and cruel yeah it's really
funny this morning she tweeted out
because there's a lot of blowback after
her various interviews she tweeted out a
bunch of a bunch of things about how she
how the reason people are coming after
her is because they're trying to
distract from this burgeoning Republican
scandal there's a Republican
representative who's now been arrested
for some sort of bank fraud I use a big
early backer of President Trump's and
she says the reason people are coming
after me is specifically because they're
trying to distract us whenever the right
is being particularly feisty towards me
the first thing I do is check to see
which bad news of theirs they're trying
to distract from lo and behold and then
shows representative Chris Collins in
New York from earliest congressional
backer was arrested by the FBI on
securities fraud related charges well
know the reason that we focused on
Alexander Ocasio Cortes is because the
media have fallen in love with the lady
who 117 thousand votes in a Democratic
primary in New York and we're all
