Brett Kavanaugh is accuser demands
special treatment from the Senate
Judiciary Committee Republicans tried
out a bizarre defense and president
Trump responds I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so much to get to and I'd like to remind
you right now I'll remind you again at
the end of the show because that's what
I do that this Sunday is the premiere of
the Ben Shapiro election special on Fox
News so that'll be really cool that's 8
p.m. on Sunday so make sure to check
that out also ensure that you're
protected against the causes of
inflation okay there could be higher
wages because the increase in minimum
wages across the country actually
increases prices importing imports are
going to increase prices as well raw
materials prices are increasing the
tariffs rising housing prices just look
at the markets and the government
solutions recessions is printing more
money and this is why you might want to
protect some of your assets against
inflation that could be headed our way
with precious metals gold is a safe
haven against uncertainty my savings
plan is diversified and yours should be
as well as we take all your money and
take it out of the stock market and put
it in gold that doesn't mean take some
of your money and put it in precious
metals the company I trust with precious
metal purchases is Birch gold group and
right now thanks to a little-known IRS
tax law you can even move your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver which is
perfect for folks who want to protect
their hard-earned retirement savings
from future geopolitical uncertainty
when you look back historically you'll
see when the bottom falls out of
everything else Gold actually safeguards
your savings Birch gold group has
thousands of satisfied customers
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau you know
all about Birch Gold's free information
kit but for a limited time qualified
purchases can earn up to an additional
10 grynn and precious metals for free
through September 30th to find out if
your purchase qualifies contact Birch
gold right now go to birchgold.com slash
man talk to a bird schools
representative mention that I sent you
that's birchgold.com /ban this offer
only runs until September 30th terms and
limitations apply so go ask your sales
representative for details right now
birchgold.com slash been all righty so
the latest in the Brett Kavanaugh
hearing saga is more stupid so one of
the things that's been deeply irritating
about this entire saga is that truth and
innocence guilt none of these things
matter anymore truth doesn't matter and
guilt doesn't matter innocence doesn't
matter all that matters is the political
Machiavellian manipulations of Democrats
and it turns out of the accusers lawyer
so Christine Blasi Ford is the person
who is now accusing Brett Kavanaugh of
sexual assault 36 years ago at an
unspecified time and
specified place and she originally said
I'd like to come and talk to Republicans
and Republicans said sure let's do it
and then she said well no I don't want
to do that
I said well but you just said you wanted
to do it just like no no no I don't want
to do it anymore and I want the FBI to
investigate and Republicans said well
the FBI doesn't investigate state crimes
36 years ago you know when the FBI did a
did an investigation of the sexual
harassment allegations against Clarence
Thomas in 1991 they did that because
Clarence Thomas was an employee of the
federal government on federal property
under federal jurisdiction at the time
that those accusations were about the
same is not true in a private home in
the middle of Maryland in 1982 like
that's not an actual that's not an
actual thing the FBI does and so
Republicans were like well we're not
gonna tell the FBI to go investigate a
state crime that happened 36 years ago
on the basis of no actual evidence
except for an allegation that can't even
name time in place and so why don't you
just come and talk about it now
Cavanaugh has been very clear about this
Cavanaugh put out a letter he said I
want to be heard I'm perfectly happy to
come before the committee he said I want
to continue to want a hearing as soon as
possible so I can clear my name since
the moment I first since the moment I
first heard this allegation
I have categorically and unequivocally
denied it I remain committed to
defending my integrity he says he's
gonna be there on Monday he's going to
testify under oath
that's more than Ford is willing to do
he says he's going to put himself under
penalty of perjury
that's more than Ford is willing to do
and I'm sorry a polygraph is not the
same thing as coming and testifying
under oath because if you testify
falsely under oath you could go to jail
if you're held to account for perjury
so Cavanaugh is saying I'm willing to
sit there and categorically deny
anything like this ever happened and I'm
gonna do that under oath and meanwhile
Ford's lawyers are attempting
desperately to avoid her actually
testifying so she's issued a list of
demands now I don't know since when it's
become a thing to issue a list of
demands to testify in front of the
Senate Judiciary Committee the Senate
Judiciary Committee does indeed have
subpoena power I looked it up this
morning so there is a power of subpoena
for the Senate Judiciary Committee the
committee rules allow subpoena under two
circumstances this is section nine of
the rules for the Committee on the
judiciary the chairman of the committee
with the agreement of the
so that'd be Diane Feinstein or by a
vote of the committee may subpoena the
attendance of a witness at a committee
or subcommittee hearing or committee
deposition or the production of
memoranda documents records or any other
materials any such subpoena shall be
issued upon the signature of the
chairman or any other member of the
committee designated by the chairman so
in other words all Republicans really
have to do here is subpoena her they
could theoretically just vote on
straight party lines to subpoena
Christine Blasi for it and then she'd
have to testify but they're not doing
that instead because they are trying to
be solicitous of her emotional needs
they are they're being very I think open
about all of the things that they are
willing to do for her what are some of
her demands well frankly her demands are
totally crazy
okay the demands that she's making are
nuts so here are some of the things that
she is now demanding no outside counsel
questions her so she refuses to allow
Cavanaugh's lawyer to question her in
any hearing instead she wants it just to
be the Senators the reason for that is
so the Democrats can run out the clock
and grandstand every just turns into the
Senators questioning her then it's
certainly not gonna be out truth or
about falsity it's just going to be
about Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris
signaling for 20/20 I was gonna be Cory
Booker signaling for 20/20 you say that
this man raped you and these evil white
Republican all been here who want to
question you they're evil white and
they're Republican old men that'll be
Cory Booker it's gonna be his second
spartacus moment woo that's what
Christine blazing Ford's lawyers one
that if she's there she can be defended
by Democratic senators and then the
people who will be asking her questions
from the right there'll be people like
Orrin Hatch who was born during the
during the James K Polk administration
like that's that's what she's actually
looking for okay so that is demand
number one that is an idiotic to man
that has nothing to do with reality
second this one is truly insane she is
demanding that the defense should
testify first that's crazy
there is no proceeding in American life
where the defense to a charge testifies
first for a good reason you don't know
what you're being charged with if I were
to go into court and the police said you
know what we've got a charge against you
the charge is manslaughter I was like
well I need to hear the details of that
so I can you know defend myself you know
maybe give you an alibi tell you where I
was
the time they say you know what no we're
not gonna give you any of that stuff you
need to present your defense first you
would rightly say what are you talking
about how am I supposed to defend myself
against charges when the only thing we
know is that you claim it that in a
house at a time in a place I did
something wrong
how the hell am I supposed to even
mobilize hit the fence
based on that there's no way to do that
so she's demanding that as well
she is also demanding a subpoena against
mark judge now that one I find the least
objectionable that they should subpoena
mark judge mark judge is supposedly a
witness to what happened asking him
questions under oath seems to me fairly
reasonable but they should also subpoena
all the other people who she says were
there they should subpoena everybody if
they're going to do like a full criminal
trial here or alternatively she should
testify and Cavanaugh should testify she
also says that Cavanaugh cannot ask her
questions and Cavanaugh cannot be in the
same room as her and this is so
anti-constitutional the Constitution
says that you have a right to confront
your accuser but if somebody accuses you
of a crime you have a right to actually
question the witness you have a right to
confront it let's be real about this
this has become a criminal trial of
Brett Kavanaugh this is a criminal trial
Brett Cavanaugh's career either will end
with him on the Supreme Court or will
end with him bankrupt right it will end
with him maybe really losing his job on
the DC Circuit Court of Appeals being
destroyed as a human being that's where
this goes if people feel that lazy Ford
is telling the truth so to treat this as
anything less than what it is which is
essentially a criminal trial is really
absurd but this is what Ford is pushing
and she's saying that if you don't
fulfill those commitments then I'm not
gonna come testify at all we still don't
know whether she's gonna come and
testify next Thursday they're probably
trying to push this beyond next thursday
because if Kavanaugh is confirmed after
the end of September then he can't sit
during a full term of the court so maybe
that is what they're maybe that's what
they're looking for but this is all this
is all ridiculous ridiculous stuff also
you can tell how politicized all of this
is so how politicized is all of this at
this point how much of this is
Democratic manipulation virtually all of
it is Democratic manipulation how do we
know that well there's a story out today
the Cavanaugh's accuser it now has a new
adviser who is this advisor Ricky
Seidman now you may not remember that
riki Seidman Ricki Seidman is the person
who is working for the Senate Judiciary
Committee for Senator Ted Kennedy all
the way back during the Anita Hill
hearings hey Ricki Seidman is the person
who went and solicited a Nita Hill in
the first place to come forward
with her very questionable sexual
harassment stories about Clarence Thomas
and now this accuser has hired the same
person to advise her through this
process does that sound partisan to you
imagine that I came forward with a bunch
of allegations against Barack Obama
about something and the person I hired
to guide me through that process was Ken
Starr would people think maybe that that
was a partisan thing because this sounds
kind of partisan Seidman said in a brief
interview I believe her and I think
she's very courageous for coming this
far she worked as Joe Biden's
communications director during the 2008
general election campaign and in 2009
she helped the White House managed the
confirmation of Sonia Sotomayor so this
woman who only cares about getting to
the truth not about the politics she
only cares about justice and getting to
the truth just hired a political hack
responsible for the raising of Annie to
hell the Joe Biden campaign in 2008 and
Sonia Sotomayor now again for the for
the one millionth time maybe Ford is
telling the truth it's possible she is
it's possible she's misremembering as
possible she's telling the truth if
she's telling the truth we have to get
to the seriousness of the allegations
the truth or falsehood of the
allegations we must get to that if we do
not get to that all of this is worthless
and that's the part that's so irritating
I want to know whether it's true or
false because if it's true it's damning
obviously if it's true that Brett
Kavanaugh when he was 17 years old
pushed a girl into a room puts her down
on a bed lay on top of her tried to rip
off her clothes put his hand over her
mouth to prevent her from screaming I
don't think you should sit on the
Supreme Court you know there's some
people on the right side and say well if
that happened I don't see why that
should Mar him the rest of his life no I
think that that probably should Mar him
that's that that's a really really bad
crime again if the the reason I know
it's a bad crime because if somebody did
that to my sister and I came in in the
middle of that event I'd shoot him right
I literally I would take I would pick up
a blunt instrument and beat the living
bejesus out of them right so it's a bad
thing to do anything bad enough
that yes it should haunt you if that's
something that you did but we have to
know whether it's true or false it's
because I take the charges seriously
that I want to know if they're true or
false if I didn't take the charges
seriously I wouldn't care whether they
were true or false if she came forward
and she accused Brett Kavanaugh of
drinking of shoplifting a Slurpee in
1982 then I wouldn't care I'd be like
okay fine he shoplifted a Slurpee in
1982 is a stupid kid who cares but this
is a serious charge which requires
serious evidence and a serious hearing
which is not what we're getting and the
Democrats obviously are not interested
in getting down to the bottom of this
they're interested in the politicking
surrounding all of it and I'm going to
explain more how obvious that is in just
one second but first let's talk about
your bathroom habits no matter what you
do in the bathroom to get ready every
morning Dollar Shave Club has everything
you need to look feel smell your best
they've amazing shower stuff hair
styling products toothbrushes and
toothpaste and of course the razors and
shaved supplies I love their amber
lavender body cleanser it is delightful
they also have like a sage and black
pepper shampoo that smells really good
and I'm big into the into the good
smelling body washes and shampoos
because I do want to smell like a
delight
I may be a hard-and-fast political
pundit but I am also a man who likes to
smell decent and that's where Dollar
Shave Club comes in that that's how I
get ready in the mornings but that may
not not be the way that you get ready in
the mornings maybe you shave your whole
body to get ready for a bike race
because you're some sort of weirdo
Dollar Shave club's executive razor and
shea butter can help you might do your
hair to get ready for your soccer match
because you're European or something
Bogey's by DSC can help you get your
style right the thing is no matter what
you do to get ready DSC has everything
you need and right now you can get ready
with an amazing deal on any of their
starter sets I recommend the daily
essential starter set because I love
that amber lavender body cleanser go
over to Dollar Shave Club calm slash Ben
pick your own DSE starter set for just 5
bucks after your starter set products
ship at regular price that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben again
dollarshaveclub.com
slash Ben go check them out right now
dollarshaveclub.com slash man for that
special deal all right so how do we know
how political the Democrats are making
this here's how political the Democrats
are making this Elizabeth Warren a
fighter on behalf of women everywhere me
too Elizabeth Warren right Elizabeth
Warren sent out a fundraising letter on
the basis of these accusations she put
out a fundraising email blast quote this
is how
Brett Kavanaugh is already disqualified
to serve on the Supreme Court but now
we're learning new information about a
sexual assault allegation if we get if
we all get in this fight right now from
Boston and across the country
then we've got a fighting chance at
stopping the Republicans and Cavanaugh
in their tracks and then there's a big
donate Now button so she's using a
sexual assault allegation to fundraise
for herself really classy not political
at all not political in the slightest
just about getting to the truth just
about defending the rights of women not
political at all not political in any
way and and the way that the Democrats
are trotting all of this happening this
really is McCarthyism it's McCarthyism
of the highest order so Kirsten
Gillibrand who as I said yesterday is a
complete weather vane of a human being
all she does is look at which way the
prevailing winds are blowing and then
she turns in that direction so she said
why isn't Brett Kavanaugh asking for an
FBI probe is that she said maybe he's
not asking for an FBI probe because he
thinks he's innocent yeah I accuse
kirsten gillibrand of slaughtering
monkeys in her backyard that's what I
accused her of why doesn't she demand an
FBI probe to clear herself of the animal
abuse why kirsten gillibrand talk you're
stupid who is not asking the FBI to
investigate these claims the White House
dr. Cavanaugh excuse me judge Kavanagh
has not asked to have the FBI review
these claims is that the is that the
reaction of an innocent person okay let
me also point something out about this
FBI nonsense Clarence Thomas there was
an FBI investigation into the claims by
Anita Hill you noted found that FBI
investigation they found nothing
it found nothing and found no outside
verification of any of the charges did
that stop the Democrats from smearing
Clarence Thomas of course not did it
stop the left from believing Tarrant
Clarence Thomas is a serial sexual
abuser even though there were no
corroborated right there are no other
women who came forward and said that
Justice Thomas ever did anything like
that and he denied that info of course
not so all this focus on the FBI stuff
is clearly misdirection because if the
FBI report comes out and says hey we've
got no evidence the Democrats will just
say well the FBI is dominated by Trump
who cares it's it's absolutely
ridiculous and that's not all
kirsten gillibrand had to say kirsten
gillibrand then came for and she said
listen we shouldn't even have a hearing
she should skip the here
so the same people saying Republicans
refused to hear her story they refused
to hear her story senator Kirsten
Gillibrand says she shouldn't even tell
