the media fawn over an evil dictatorship
president Trump presents a budget that
has no fiscal limits whatsoever plus the
worst portraits in human history are
unveiled at the Smithsonian of Barack
and Michelle Obama they're truly
incredible I'm Ben Shapiro is the Ben
Shapiro show
okay I can't wait to show you these for
these portraits because they truly are
amazing if the portraits of Michelle and
Barack Obama Michelle's portrait looks
nothing like Michelle and Barack Obama's
was apparently taken in the Ivy at
Wrigley Field he's legitimately sitting
in the middle of like poison ivy with
flowers in it in a chair it's so weird
and I can't wait to show it to you but
you're gonna have to wait for me to show
it to you because first I want to say
thank you to my sponsors over at helix
sleep so when I travel I don't tend to
sleep as well but one of the reasons for
that is because I don't have my helix
sleep mattress helix sleep offer
something that does not exist anywhere
else a mattress personalized to your
unique preferences and sleeping style
that will not set you back thousands of
dollars you know it's worth spending a
little bit of money for a nice mattress
and you're gonna be spending half your
life on it anyway go to helix sleep comm
slash Bend and take their simple two to
three minutes sleep quiz they build you
a custom mattress that'll be the best
thing you've ever slept on for couples
they even personalize every side of the
mattress well both sides anyway you
don't want eight sides of the mattress
everyone from GQ to Cosmo to the near
attends everybody's talking about how
great helix sleep is because it is we
had a more expensive mattress we got rid
of it because helix sleep is so good it
comes in the mail it is delivered
directly to your door you unpack the box
and then just inflates right in front of
you
because it is foam you try it for a
hundred nights for free if you don't
love it they'll pick it up and refund
you in full right you try it on there
that's what I mean by for free you pay
for it but if you don't like it you can
always ship it right back to them if you
don't love it they will pick you up and
refund it info you're not gonna want to
do that you're gonna want to buy it and
you're gonna want to and you're gonna
want to keep it because it is so good go
to helix sleep comm slash Ben right now
and get 50 bucks towards your custom
mattress that's helix sleep comm slash
Ben right now you get $50 toward your
custom matrix again helix sleep comm
slash Ben they also have other products
that are great as well the helix
mattress protector and the helix
foundation now all of these great
products go over to helix sleep comm
slash Ben right now you get 50 bucks
toward that mattress and it really is a
first-rate mattress I love sleeping on
the helix sleep mattress okay so the the
Olympics were happening over the weekend
and you would think well this would be a
good time to point out that they're
happening in South Korea the Winter
Olympics would be good time to point out
that the South Korea is a wonderful
place and North Korea is to borrow some
language from President Trump a bleep
hole
it is not a nice country it is the worst
country maybe on the face of the earth
between the years in 1994 and 1997
somewhere between 350,000 and 3.4
million million North Koreans died of
servation is about two decades ago in
mass starvation okay they still have
mass Glocks they still in the 1980s had
concentration camps where they would
legitimately torture or murder people
they still do in some places of the
country if you do not do what the regime
wants you to do they will kill you they
they killed the the regime kim
jeong-hoon recently killed his it was
brother-in-law I think that he murdered
I or his uncle I was both actually his
uncle he killed by tossing him to dogs
and his brother-in-law I believe he
murdered in a VX attack he actually used
in weapons of mass destruction in a
public place he's sent an assassin to
basically put a handkerchief filled with
a deadly spore over the guy's face and
killed him outright well that would be
an example of a bad country what is not
an example of a bad country is the
United States and if we're gonna talk
about people who are forwarding the
aspirations of bad countries you don't
actually start with President Trump's
and Jeff Flake who's the senator from
Arizona has been very critical of the
President of the United States because
he says that President Trump has said
ridiculous things about the press I
agree he said the president Trump has
has made overtures to regimes like
Vladimir Putin's which has been true
more in theory than in practice here is
Jeff Flake going after Trump for giving
support to dictators that I'm gonna show
you who actually gives support to
dictators I think the president stops
needs to stop calling Democrats or
Republicans or others who who don't
stand or applaud at every line that he
has that there unamerican he also used
that term or are treasonous words matter
and and when he talks about fake news
for example I gave another speech where
I talked about how that gives aid and
comfort to authoritarians of around the
world who are now labeling their
opposition or dismissing real dissent as
fake news so those things matter okay
the reason that I'm showing this is
because the media there's been the media
line right Chris Cuomo yesterday tweeted
out that the media have been under
assault from President Trump and the
reason people don't trust the media is
because the media have been ripped apart
by the President of the United States
this of course is the typical line is
that dictators all over the world are
taking their cues from President Trump
because President Trump is so unfriendly
of the press okay now let's talk about
why people actually hate the press the
real reason people hate the press is
because the press are a bunch of
sycophants when it comes to some of the
worst dictators on planet earth
not everyone in the press they check
Tapper CNN notably has been ripping
other members of the press for kissing
up to the North Korean regime but the
sister of kim jeong-hoon arrived in
south korea for the olympics and she was
giving some pretty spectacular side I to
Mike Pence and because Mike Pence is
evil as we all know from Ally hates gay
people apparently Mike Pence has to be
given side eye if you don't give my pen
side eye this means that you are a bad
person but if you do give mike pence I
die you can go back home to a regime
that routinely murders thousands of
people that shoots deserters that
attempts to take everyone who tries to
make trade with the outside world and
kills them and the media will just kiss
her ear so here's CNN's headline Kim
Jong Un's sister is stealing the show at
the Winter Olympics why cuz she's there
and she's smiling okay here's another
headline this is all from mainstream
media outlets let's do some more of
these headlines is from The Wall Street
Journal the north korean cheer squads
presence was impossible even for the
skaters to ignore okay we do actually I
believe have some some actual film of
the of the tweet squad do we not so
here's what the tweets of the cheer
squad rather here's what the cheer squad
looked like from North Korea and the
media were just over they were just over
the moon about this this was so glorious
now I want to point something out we've
just had two full years of the media
explaining that Mike Pence and Donald
Trump want to turn women in the United
States as refugees from The Handmaid's
Tale in The Handmaid's Tale women are
forced to rare wear red uniforms
procreated the whim of the dictatorship
and do everything the dictators tell
them to do then
there's the North Korean cheer squad
which wears red uniforms gets pregnant
and has abortions whenever the regime
tells them to we shot if they don't do
exactly what they are supposed to do and
the media cheer them here's what it
looked like in South Korea
okay so there you have it in the media
love the North Korean cheerleading squad
sure if they don't share properly they
get shot in the head back home so that's
excellent but this is something in the
media have always loved they loved the
idea of human beings as cogs in a vast
machine I remember back during the was
it the 2010 Beijing Olympics was a 2010
when they did the Olympics in Beijing I
can't remember now I believe it was and
and when they did that Olympics the
opening ceremonies were thousands of
people marching in unison and and waving
their arms in unison and it truly was an
amazing spectacle and the media was just
excited about it because whenever people
just become little widgets to be
manipulated by the state the media has a
really good time with a particular one
the Marxist dictatorships they're not so
big on non-marxist hunters in South
America for example where they force
people to goose-step but they are very
big on these sorts of displays oh my
goodness look at the coordination look
the magical coordination of all the
people yeah well you know what I've
clapped in time too if they were
threatening to shoot my family back home
if I didn't clap properly and smile
properly for the cameras because of the
yoosh which is what they call the the
the regime in North Korea they have this
this philosophy of yoosh which suggests
that there's a cult of personality
worship for the great leaders in North
Korea here are some more headlines from
the media celebrating all of this of
course so we can go back to we have The
Wall Street Journal this one is from
Reuters I believe amid Olympic date on
spent snubs North Koreans and visit
Pyeongchang oh how Darren Mike Pence
snubbed the North Koreans they supposed
to be nice to the lady he didn't stand
for the North Korean national anthem so
according to the left media it is good
when Americans don't stand for the
national anthem but it is bad when Mike
Pence doesn't stand for the North Korean
national anthem you get that the
American national anthem standing for
the freest country in the history of the
world good when American citizens kneel
for it bad when Mike Pence doesn't stand
for the anthem for a country that is
oppressing millions of his own people 20
million of his own people at current
count okay more headlines from from the
media I mean they're just tons of these
is from Politico
Fred warmbier criticizes North Korean
Olympic spirit how dare
Fred warmbier criticized the North
Korean Olympic spirit oh you mean just
because his son was murdered by the
North Koreans remember otto warmbier he
was the college student who traveled
over to north korea idiotically and then
tried to supposedly steal a poster from
a hotel room and they
we beat him to death I mean they beat
him so badly they by the time he was
returned to his parents at home he died
in the hospital just days later but how
dare Fred warm BR criticized the North
Korean Olympic spirit just terrible just
awful for him to do that and that wasn't
the full extent of the media treatment
here okay this one was but this one was
from BuzzFeed the only decent one was
from BuzzFeed which shows you how crazy
things are saying don't be fooled by
North Korea's Winter Olympics charm
offensive when BuzzFeed is the when
BuzzFeed is the voice of reason
you know something has gone intensely
wrong with the moral fabric inside the
inside the American media and it gets
even worse in just a second I'm gonna
read to you some of the accounts of Kim
Jong loons sister the Worshipful
accounts of Kim Jong loons sister
because it's pretty astonishing we're
gonna get to that in just one second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at stamps Ikon so the post
office is actually great right they get
you all your services all you have to do
is stand in line for a little while but
if you don't have time and you want to
save a little bit money stamps calm is
the best way to do it it's the easiest
way to access all the amazing services
of the post office they never close you
can print postage for letters or
packages at your convenience 24/7 you
can print postage for any mail class
right from your own computer the exact
amounts of postage every time you never
under pay or over pay again they save
you time and money which you can use to
grow your business obviously create your
stamps calm accounts in minutes online
with no equipment to lease and no
long-term commitments click print mail
you're done it is convenient it is
reliable it is efficient and it is very
easy
they bring again all the amazing
services of the US Postal Service
directly to your fingertips we use it
here at the Daily wire offices routinely
we use stamps calm because it means that
we don't have to send our folks over to
the post office every five minutes to
send mail instead we have the scale
right here in the office in right now
you can enjoy the stamps calm service
with a special offer that includes a
four week trial plus postage and the
digital scale it's pretty awesome offer
that stamps calm and you use promo code
Ben you go click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
Shapiro rather you type in Shapiro at
the top of the homepage when you click
on that microphone at stamps.com and
that means that you get the stamps.com
service with the special offer including
a four week trial plus postage and
digital scale when you go over there and
check it out stamps comm and use that
promo code Shapiro as well so they know
that we sent you and save your business
time and money already so that was not
the extent of the media's
coverage of North Korea so here is the
lead from CNN quote if diplomatic dance
were an event at the Winter Olympics Kim
Jong Un's younger sister would be
favored to win gold with a smile a
handshake and a warm message in South
Korea's presidential guestbook kim
yo-jong has strong accord with the
public just one danes the byung-chan
games i hope young yang and sail get
closer in our people's hearts and move
forward the future of prosperous
unification she said her guestbook
message referring to the capitals of
North and South Korea
by the way I found a nice message if you
think it's a nice message is because you
don't know anything about North Korea
and it's been part of North Korea's
regime it's been part of their stated
goal since literally the first day it
was insipid it was initiated the the
stated goal of North Korea is
reunification of South Korea and North
Korea under the auspices of the Kim
family this has been their goal since
the foundation of the North Korean
regime in 1950 the idea that this was
some sort of overture oh yeah let's get
together and have a republic a federated
Republic nonsense absolute sheer
nonsense the Kim family knows the minute
they break down that wall between North
and South Korea every person in North
Korea rushes into South Korea but listen
I mean listen to this coverage it's just
insane seen by some as her brother's
answer to American 1st daughter Ivanka
Trump Kim at 30 is not only a powerful
member of Kim Jong Un's kitchen cabinet
but also a foil to the perception of
North Korea's antiquated militaristic
that's not a perception they are
antiquated militaristic harrassing those
photos and nighttime from space of North
Korea and South Korea South Korea
completely lit up North Korea completely
dark except for Pyongyang the capital
there's literally one light there which
is probably the presidential palace yeah
I love that they say that she's the
answer to Ivanka Trump last time I
checked it vodka Trump isn't forwarding
the deaths of tens of thousands of
people one day at a time
last I checked for all of the things
people say about Ivanka Trump she isn't
standing up for her evil brother who's
sitting around trying to launch nuclear
weapons at people around the world or
planning to do so just ridiculous they
bury this this paragraph 5 is finally
when when CNN notes that by the way
North Korea might be a bad place as
North Korea's brutal dictator Kim's
brother has ruled with an iron fence
it's coming to power operating Nazi
style prison camps for pressing
political opposition even executing
senior officers and his own family
members in an effort to consolidate
power
but don't worry CNN is there to make
sure that everybody is happy about it
here's Reuters
a prim young woman with a high forehead
and hair half swept back quietly gazes
as the throngs of people pushing for a
glimpse of her a faint smile on her lips
and eyelids low as for bodyguards jostle
around her in her first appearance on
the global stage kim yo-jong the sister
of North Korean leader Kim jong-un had
her every move closely scrutinized
crowds applauded as she stood for the
South Korean anthem during the opening
ceremony for the start of the Winter
Olympic Games while her big smiles and
relaxed manner left a largely positive
impression on the South Korean public my
goodness I mean this is Walter Durant
equality stuff for folks who don't know
Walter Durant who is a reporter for the
New York Times and he famously traveled
in I think was nineteen thirty
thirty-one over to Russia where he
promptly said that everyone in Russia
was doing great there was no starvation
rumors of mass starvation of the whole
um holida Maher in the in the Ukraine or
were vastly overstated and there was
nothing like that happening that was a
lie
tens of millions of people were dying in
mass starvation thanks to the salan
regime the New York Times covered it
that way and he want a Pulitzer Prize
for it which is demonstrative how
corrupt the media are the media were
racing to see who could provide the most
funding coverage of the North Korean
sister here's the Washington Post quote
they marveled at her barely their makeup
and her lack of bling they commented on
her plain black outfits in simple purse
they noted the flower shape clip they
kept her hair back in a no-nonsense
style here she was a political princess
but the North Korean first sister had
none of the hallmarks of power and
wealth that Koreans south of the divide
have come to expect
it looks obsessed South Korea many
twenty-something women list plastic
surgery and brand name bags his life
goals most of all kim yo-jong was an
enigma just like them but nothing like
them a woman with his things like smile
who gave nothing away during her
three-day Olympic related visit to South
Korea as brother kim jongwan special
envoy wow wow i mean the level of
fawning from the washington post there
is so extreme it's crazy I mean that is
just imagine they were eight that about
Eva Braun and you're basically coming
closer to what this actually is but Eva
Braun at the 1936 Olympic Games her
shockingly blonde hair her beautiful
good looks her glamour style my goodness
and just again the media have a certain
