general john kelly emerges to save
president from from himself Democrat
Frederico Wilson makes a complete fool
of herself and President George W Bush
is back we will talk about all of these
things I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
so this has been an extraordinarily
irritating week in news and that's
largely because of all the disrespect
shown toward gold star families I'm
pretty much every side of the aisle from
the media from Democrats from President
Trump all of it kind of gross but we'll
talk about all of those things in just
one second first I want to begin by
thanking our sponsors over at Birch gold
so right now the stock market is doing
incredibly well but there are a lot of
people who are suggesting that maybe
that's a bit of a bubble
the real estate market doing well right
now but that may to be a bubble if you
are afraid it is the very least you can
do is diversify with some precious
metals the fact is the precious metals
have never been worth nothing they've
always held a certain amount of value
and they've always held their value
pretty well right now the price of gold
has been doing well over the past
several months as well if you are
interested in getting some precious
metals and you are interested in
transferring your IRA or eligible 401k
into an IRA backed by physical gold or
silver go over to my friends at Birch
gold group right now they've a 16 page
free kit revealing how gold and silver
can protect your savings and how you can
make that move from an IRA or 401k into
precious metals IRA so go over and check
it out right now birchgold.com slash Ben
that's birchgold.com slash Ben they're
the people that I trust with my precious
metals investing again they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
reviews and an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau go to birchgold.com
slash Ben they're the folks that you can
trust okay so yesterday let's let's set
the stage because yesterday was a pretty
incredible press conference from General
John Kelly the White House chief of
staff so we need to set the stage
because I want to show how there are
really only two innocent parties in this
whole hubbub that has now lasted the
entirety of the week over the treatment
of gold star families those two innocent
parties are general Kelly the White
House chief of staff and the Johnson
family in Florida those are the only two
innocent parties Democrat Frederica
Wilson was clearly looking to get Trump
it's pretty clear to me that she was
looking to politicize the situation and
president Trump is the one who led this
whole thing off by going out and saying
that President Obama and President Bush
had somehow done something wrong and how
they treated gold star families and they
had insufficiently called all the
members of gold
families so that's how it started okay
let's recall the back on month I think
it was Monday morning President Trump
gave a press conference in which he was
asked specifically about why he had not
reached out to all of the soldiers
families of the soldiers who were killed
in Niger on October 4th and the
president suggested that he had called
all of the soldiers or at least that
other presidents had not called all the
soldiers and he had and this caused a
bit of a firestorm and then because as I
say the media are intent on taking
everything Trump says and taking it 10
steps too far they decide it's important
to show that Trump actually is not
sympathetic to the troops himself he in
fact is cruel and inhumane to the troops
and then just coincidentally right then
President Trump calls up Myesha Johnson
who is the widow of 'la David Johnson
the sergeant who was killed in Niger
they're still open questions to be asked
if you want to know what those hoping
questions are listen to yesterday's show
but he calls her up and suddenly there's
a huge firestorm because one of the
people in the car when the call happens
is fredericka Wilson the Democrat
congresswoman from Florida
she is a colorful figure to say the
least she's the woman who wears all the
crazy hats she's the one who had
suggested that george zimmerman be put
in prison for his own protection during
the trayvon martin situation and she is
a publicity hound to say the very least
but she also is close with the johnson
family apparently apparently she'd known
them for quite a while
the david johnson had a one-point intern
for her i guess and she was in the car
when Trump made this phone call so
during the course of the phone call one
of the phrases that Trump said was
something to the effect of he knew what
he signed up for and there were two ways
to read that phrase as I suggested at
the time way one was Trump saying he
knew it he signed up for four so is it
really unexpected which is a terrible
thing to say and the other is he was a
hero and he knew what he signed up for
and he was doing what he wanted to do
when he was killed he was with his
buddies trying to defend the country
which is a very different connotation
now to be completely innocent in all of
this - to be completely to take the most
innocent view of this it is quite
possible that when you are doing a
morning phone call people can take the
same terms the wrong way right you we
all know this we go to funerals and you
don't know what to say to somebody's
family the family the person who died
it's very very difficult which is why in
Judaism we actually have a formula that
you say because we really understand
that there isn't much you can say to
comfort some
money upon the death of a family member
and so we say in Hebrew I Malcolm you
knocking that's come to suck
Shari yerushalayim heavily Shari ashlynn
so the idea is that you may be comforted
among the mourners for Zion in Jerusalem
right that's it it's a it's the same
thing we say when you hear somebody has
died in Judaism there's also a formula
for that we say Barack Diana met meaning
blessed is the true judge meaning
blessed is God the reason we do that is
not just because we think these things
are true although we do it's because
there really aren't a lot of great
things that you can say when somebody
dies and it is very easy to step into a
landmine when you're talking with
somebody and so the most innocent the
most innocent take on this situation is
that Trump said something that he didn't
mean to be offensive and the family felt
offended by it
which is possible I mean that's possible
but whatever the situation let's take
even that most innocent of scenarios the
people who are to blame for this big
controversy our first Trump for bringing
up the controversy to begin with on
Monday when second fredericka Wilson who
decides to go public and make a huge
issue and suggest that Trump doesn't
care about the families of soldiers so
yesterday so yesterday yeah John Kelly
who had been dragged into this
controversy kicking and screaming
apparently at one point he had told
Trump that President Obama did not call
him after his son's death John Kelly's a
gold star father his son was killed in
Afghanistan in 2010 he had told Trump
that Obama didn't call him after his son
died and the Trump administration
immediately ran to the microphones to
throw that information out there the
suggestion being here is some support
for the idea that Obama didn't call
everybody
John Kelly must have been angry about
that in his comments yesterday he came
out and basically what he was attempting
to do I think was restore some dignity
to this process
okay the calls between the president and
the family members those are sacred the
the death of so of servicemembers that
is sacred the politicization of these
issues is really gross and I think
that's what Kelly was trying to do with
this press conference yesterday here is
John Kelly yesterday the White House
chief of staff who took control of the
press conference and and really I think
we shifted the debate there's no perfect
way to make that phone call
when I took this job and talked to
President Trump about how to do it my
first recommendation was he not do it
because it's not the phone call that
parents family members are looking
forward to it's a nice to do in my
opinion in any event he asked previous
presidents and I said I can tell you
that President Obama who was my
commander in chief when I was on active
duty did not call my family that was not
a criticism that was just to simply say
I don't believe President Obama called
that's not a negative thing
I don't believe President Bush called in
all cases I don't believe any president
particularly when the casualty rates are
very very high that the president's call
did I believe they all right okay so you
know I think that this was his way of
basically trying to take the sting out
of the out of the allegation that he was
somehow accusing obama of some
shortcoming in this respect he then went
on and he attacked Frederick Wilson for
making this into a major issue it stuns
me that a member of Congress would have
listened in on that conversation
absolutely stuns me and I thought at
least that was sacred you know when I
was a kid growing up a lot of things
were Sager in our country and when I
listen to this woman and what she was
saying and what she was doing on TV the
only thing I could do to collect my
thoughts was to go and walk among the
finest men and women on this earth and
you can always find them because they're
in Arlington National Cemetery when over
there for an hour and a half
walked among the stones some of whom I
put there because they were doing what I
told them to do when they were killed I
mean truly somber stuff obviously and
what he's saying is is basically correct
that this is not the time before
Congress people to be coming out and
ripping the presidents of the United
States anew on for stuff that is at best
a disagreement over meaning Kelly went
further who's very upset obvious with
Frederica Wilson he feels
she was using this as a publicity stunt
in order to promote her own career and
he is not shy about saying so and a
congresswoman stood up and in the long
tradition of empty barrels making the
most noise stood up there and all of
that and talked about how she was
instrumental in getting the funding for
that building now she took care of her
constituents because she got the money
and she just called up President Obama
and on that phone call he gave the money
the twenty million dollars to build a
building she sat down and we was stunned
stunned that she'd done it even for
someone that is that empty a barrel we
were stunned
I mean so he was clearly looking gone
for Frederick Wilson now there are some
people who have pushed back on Kelley's
factual claims here they've suggested
that this building had already been
funded that fredericka Wilson didn't
claim that she had that she had received
the funding for the building that what
she had done was sponsored the name
change of the building to pay tribute to
the fallen but it doesn't change what
he's largely saying here which is Husing
that she went there and she glorified
herself for doing this thing now James
Comey was there at the time by the way
and he thanked Frederick Wilson for that
so I want to be fair to Frederica Wilson
so Kelly comes out and his basic take
care is guys this is sacred stuff
stop playing with fire now I do think
that we have to that that goes both ways
again I think the Trump is not innocent
here I think Frederico wilson clearly is
not innocent here here's Frederico
wilson yesterday upon being enforced a
mazing but she's this incompetent and
here's the colorfully beheaded Frederico
Wilson talking after being informed that
John Kelly had a had gone after her from
the White House threatening phone calls
from white nationalists and now for
harsh words from the White House you may
need to tell me that I have become so
important
just stomach-churning stuff I mean when
you're talking about whether the memory
of an American hero was disgraced
walking around calling yourself a rock
star and laughing about it is probably
not the way to do it by this morning of
course she changed her tune
now she's accusing John Kelly of being a
racist really she was on new day this
morning on CNN this is clip 14 and she
is openly accusing John Kelly of being a
racist and no you're right he didn't get
the facts new head right on that was
that empty barrels make the most noise
and he was using that he was likening
that to you basically that you're how
they got some that's a racist term to
I'm thinking about that when I we looked
it up in the dictionary because I had
never heard of an empty battle and I
don't like to be dragged into something
like that okay the idea that it's a
racist term again no no I hadn't heard
the term either but I'm pretty sure that
that was not a racist term if you had to
look it up in the dictionary
good shot it wasn't and then she
continued along these lines she said
that that Kelly had lied about her and
then he had slandered her so now we're
in a Frederick Wilson versus John Kelly
fight now what's amazing here is that
Frederica Wilson is claiming that John
Kelly is a racist and that he is a bigot
and that he is a liar I'm old enough to
remember back in 2016 when Kaiser Kahn
got up goldstar father got up at the
Democratic National Convention and
attacked President Trump and then
candidate Trump came back and attacked
Kaiser Khan's wife and there were two
weeks of the outrage over Trump's
treatment of this gold star family we're
gonna hear anything like that about
Frederico Wilson's treatment of John
Kelly he is a gold star father after all
we're gonna hear anything like that from
the media of course not here's Frederico
Wilson doing this routine I heard his
remarks and I heard him say that I
bragged that I
secured the money for the building of
the FBI building in Miramar and that's a
lie you know I feel sorry for general
Kelly
he has my sympathy for the loss of his
son but he can't just go on TV and lie
on me I was not even in Congress in 2009
when the money for the building was
secured so that's a lie
how dare he however I named the building
at the behest of director Comey with the
health of Speaker Boehner working across
party lines so he didn't tell the truth
and he needs to stop telling lies on me
okay so obviously no she's very upset as
I say the main claim that Kelly was
making is that she went to this event
and then she made it all about herself I
don't know if that's true I haven't seen
the tape but that is not the claim that
she is saying that they Kelly lied about
she's saying that Kelly lied about her
grabbing the money for the building or
something along those lines in any case
the Democrats are taking precisely the
wrong tack on all of this and I'll
explain in just a second but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at my Patriot supply so you've seen
natural disasters in a number of places
this season that you've seen them in
Texas you've seen them in Florida Eve's
in the Porto Rico we've had a bunch here
in California bunch of wildfires here in
California there are situations in which
you are going to need to survive on
whatever food is in your house for the
next couple of days at least and you're
not gonna be able to get out of the
grocery store the grocery store may be
closed and then there may be a rush on
food the government may not be able to
get to you so the very least you can do
to protect your family is ensure that
you have the one hundred and two
servings survival food kit for 99 bucks
from prepare with been calm it includes
breakfast lunches and dinners it is
shipped to your home for free call eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen that's eight eight eight eight
oh three fourteen thirteen or go online
to prepare with been calm the emergency
food lasts up to 25 years in storage
they basically take it you put in her
closet forget about it and then you're
gonna be glad that you went ahead and
did this if God forbid some sort of
disaster strikes my Patriots apply
believes in self-reliance and that's why
I trust them don't wait to act eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen or prepare with
Ben calm
again you know there are certain things
the government recommends you have on
hand potable water flashlights well the
fact is that you should also have some
sort of emergency food supply just in
case as I prepare with Ben's comm is for
again prepare with Ben comm 888 803 1413
get there 102 serving survival food kit
for just $99 ok so the Democrats
naturally felt the need to do the
stupidest possible thing here and so
thus they did here is Brian Fallon Brian
Fallon as a former Hillary Clinton
spokesperson and he tweeted this out
with regard to Kelly's press her
yesterday Kelly isn't just an enabler of
Trump he's a believer in him that makes
him his odious as the rest don't be
distracted by the uniform don't be
distracted by the uniform I mean as Eric
Erickson said I'm mostly distracted by
the Goldstar the fact is that he is a
gold star father is John Kelly the fact
is that a lot of Democrats are now
attacking a gold star father as I said
before if the situation were reversed
which is precisely what they're accusing
they would never stop talking about it I
mean he's not the only one who's doing
this routine joy Reid tweeted a bunch of
times last night lawrence O'Donnell the
execrable lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC he
did an entire routine about how John
Kelly was actually a racist based on the
fact that John Kelly grew up in a
segregated area or a highly racially
divided area I guess in New England
somewhere but here's joy joy reads
tweets is 17 so joy Reid of MSNBC she
makes the same sorts of claims Brian
Fallon Wow lawrence O'Donnell scorched
general Kelly tonight including calling
out his segregated Boston upbringing and
dehumanization of a black woman Wow Wow
Wow
lawrence noted the general kelly didn't
even give representative wilson the
dignity of using her name kelly grew up
in segregated Boston in an Irish
Catholic neighborhood where women were
bullied not honored and blacks scorned
and rejected and then she she continued
along these lines again
what like really didn't what for John
Kelly being offended by Frederica Wilson
because you say that he grew up in an
area like Boston so everyone from Boston
now cannot speak out when Frederica
Wilson says something X purple about
about President Trump with regard to the
troops we can't see I know now one thing
I think is important to do here is
actually play a phone call from
President Trump to a military Widow and
I want to show you that I think this is
bad
because the the line here has been the
