president Trump meets with Vladimir
Putin Anastasio Cortez Ortega says
something really really dumb and Sasha
Baron Cohen is back at it I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
I always screw up that lady's name and I
don't know why maybe this is really long
well we'll talk about her in a little
bit first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so if
you are not sleeping as well as you
ought that is because your sheets are
not as good as they ought to be and that
is where bull and branch comes in
everything bull and branch makes from
their bedding to their blankets made
from pure 100% organic cotton
it means they start out super soft they
get even softer over time you can buy
directly from them so you are
essentially paying wholesale prices
luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand
bucks in the store bull and brand sheets
are only a couple of hundred bucks I
sleep on Bolin branch eats they are
amazing and I love them that's why we
have thrown out all of our other sheets
and we only have Boleyn branch in the
house even three u.s. presidents sleep
on bull and branch eats shipping is free
you can try them for 30 nights if you
don't love them send them back for a
refund you're not gonna want to send
them back there's no risk no reason not
to give them a try to get you started
right now my listeners get 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets at bull and
branch calm promo code Ben that's bull
and branch calm promo code Ben again you
get $50 off when you use that promo code
Ben it's bol el and branch calm promo
code Ben all of their bedding is
ridiculously awesome their sheets are
particularly great and if you're looking
for something that is breathable and yet
soft then bull and branch is for you
beau and branch calm promo code Ben get
that $50 off your first set of sheets
also a reminder our next episode of the
conversation is here tomorrow Tuesday
July 17 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific all of your questions will be
answered by our own Andrew Clavin with
our host Alicia Krause our live Q&A will
be available on YouTube and Facebook for
everyone to watch only subscribers can
ask drew questions over at daily
wire.com so check out the pin comments
on this video for all the information
once again subscribe ask through live
questions tomorrow Tuesday July 17th
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join
the conversation ask drew about how he
does his hair in the morning okay so
president Trump has met now with
Vladimir Putin they met for about two
hours this morning and they spent a lot
of the time talking about various issues
specifically about Russian election
meddling now Putin came out afterward
and he said we talk about election
meddling but I tell him I will do it and
then president Trump comes out and he
says we talked about it and we talked
about it very lengthily and that was
pretty much the only thing we found out
from this meeting and they spent
enormous amounts of time talking
specifically about the election meddling
and Putin says we do not do least and
president Trump said well I don't know
whether they did or not but
we talked about a lot and everybody went
crazy over it now if all of that sounds
a little bit anticlimactic to you it's
because it is anti-climatic and people
are taking away from it what they want
to take away from it so on the Left what
they're taking away from this Trump
Putin summit is that Trump got job the
Trump got played the Trump basically
made all sorts of concessions to the
Russians we won't find out about until
later but at least in terms of his
language who's very sick of Fanta and in
terms of his language he was very sick
of Fanta because President Trump has
been consistently sycophantic with
regard to Vladimir Putin for at least
three years now it is not true that his
policy has been sycophantic and this is
where the left seems to go wrong they
seem to immediately connect everything
from says with everything Trump does but
there is a massive problem with doing
that inside this administration
President Trump very often acts like a
free agent inside his own administration
he goes out and he says stuff and then
the people who do his policy behind
closed doors they do a policy that looks
nothing like what he said we've seen
this over and over and over we've seen
President Trump say while he was a
candidate that he wanted health care for
all and then as soon as he got into
place then all of a sudden his people
were pushing a repeal of Obamacare when
President Trump was saying during the
campaign he wanted to raise taxes on the
rich and then he passed a bill that did
not raise taxes on the rich at lower
taxes on the rich among others well that
was another example of the disconnect
Russia is the biggest disconnect because
President Trump says very nice things
about Vladimir Putin on a regular basis
and then when it comes to policy the US
will bomb Syrian air bases with Russian
planes there the US will kill Russian
mercenaries in Syria the US will arm the
Ukrainians with deadly weaponry in a way
that Obama never would have so this
massive disconnect is confusing a lot of
people but it does show that inside the
United States inside his own
administration inside his own
administration there are a lot of people
who are not taking his verbiage
seriously and I don't think Vladimir
Putin is taking his verbiage seriously
either there seems to be a concept out
there that Vladimir Putin is gonna look
at Trump and think wow that guy's a
softy his softy I picked golf in
Lithuania now that's not going to happen
because Putin does not take his words
all that seriously it is also worth
noting then the first year and a half of
their administration's Bush and Obama
were not much better when it came to
signalling softness with the Russians
you remember george w bush got together
with vladimir putin after 9/11 and he
said he looked into putin's soul and he
saw something magical there yeah what he
saw was putin looking at taking over
Georgia and then Barack Obama in 2012
said he wanted to grant flexibility to
the Russians and then he proceeded to
grant the
Crimea so all of this talk about Trump
is you know universally and and
strangely and and in weird fashion
pro-russian that mayor a car that may
apply to his rhetoric but it certainly
doesn't apply to his policy now when it
comes to his rhetoric his rhetoric does
kind of suck right so Trump has jumped
into this this meeting with Putin and he
suggests that the United States is
responsible for the poor state of
us-russia relations he tweeted out this
morning the us-russia relations have
never been worse he tweeted out a
relationship with Russia has never been
worse thanks to many years of u.s.
foolishness and stupidity and now the
rigged witch-hunt
yeah well that's not great because none
of that is true the reason that our
relationship with Russia sucks is
because Vladimir Putin is a thug in a
dictator who's attempted to expand his
sphere of influence broadly across the
region everywhere from Iran to
Kazakhstan and you've seen President
Putin he's him him seize power and keep
himself in power for nearly 20 years
over in Russia at this point it's not
because of u.s. foolishness and
stupidity alone it's because of Vladimir
Putin being Vladimir Putin and it's not
because of the rigged witch hunts okay
it's not because the the Muller
investigation is going after Trump now
in a second I'm going to talk about how
this plays in and why this makes people
think that Trump is in the Russians
pocket I don't think that's what's
happening here and we'll explain why the
Moller investigation plays into Trump's
picture of Russia in just a second but
suffice it to say that that comment is
really dumb and it leaves people
believing that Trump is much more Pro
Russia in his policy than he actually is
and then Reuters asked Trump about that
tweet and Trump said we've all been
foolish we're all the blame we have a
chance to do some great things and he
stopped it he highlighted stopping
nuclear proliferation
he said the probe is a disaster for our
country there was no collusion he said I
think that we're all to blame on all of
this it's it's the to show how bad the
suite was the ministry from Foreign
Affairs from Russia tweeted out agreeing
with it
my Russian tweeted out we agree we agree
so Trump says it's our fault and Russia
says we agree now let's be clear if
Barack Obama had said this I'd be all
over him maybe all over him and so it'd
behoove me not to be a hypocrite
president Trump should not say such
things because this is gross okay when
the President of the United States
blames the United States for our
conflicts with Russia that is just silly
in every available sense but I think
what's really going on here
something else so what's really going on
here the President of the United States
really really really does not like this
Russian collusion investigation and he
thinks that because the Russian
collusion investigation is a witch-hunt
against him it is also a witch-hunt
against Russia these are not the same
thing these are not the same thing and
this is where we go back to late last
week late on Friday last week rod
Rosenstein Deputy Attorney General he
announced there'd be 12 indictments
coming down of Russian citizens who'd
been responsible for working to hack
into the DCCC and the DNC and to the
Hillary Clinton campaign so rod
Rosenstein announced last week that
we're not Republicans we're not
Democrats this is just about going after
people who violate the law we confront
foreign interference in American
elections it's important for us to avoid
thinking politically as Republicans or
Democrats and instead to think as
Americans and this is exactly right okay
rod Rosenstein for all the problems that
you have with Rob Rosenstein rod Rosen
seen what he says here is exactly
correct I don't think that Russia
colluded with the Trump campaign to skew
the election away from Hillary Clinton I
do think that Russian sources attempted
to hack into the election the the the
DCCC and the DNC they attempt to they
attempted to screw with the election
itself and so when Rosenstein says we
should worry about the law the the law
breaking we shouldn't worry so much
about how it affects either of the
parties he's exactly right about this
and as we discussed last week the
indictment itself the indictments are
pretty telling there are a few things to
know about that right it is pretty clear
from these indictments the GRU agents
that would be the new fangled KGB 12 GRU
officers knowingly and intentionally
conspired with each other and with
persons known and unknowns hacked the
emails of the Clinton campaign the DCCC
and the DNC around April 2016 the
conspirators began planning how to
release Hillary Clinton's emails around
June they began releasing that material
via DC leaks and gucci fir 2.0 and they
Spearfish John Podesta as well as other
top Clinton campaign officials they got
a lot of material they also released
some Republican material from 2015 the
hackers created Lucifer 2.0 Roger stone
who was very close with the Trump
campaign he repeatedly defended Gucci
42.0 he seems to be working with gusta
for a 2.0 but that doesn't mean he
necessarily knew the Gousha for 2.0 was
actually the Russians or that he was
talking specifically with President
Trump about directly interacting with
42.0 goose 42.0 was also working with
wikileaks according to the indictment
the conspirators also used the gusta
42.0 persona to release additional
stolen documents through a website
maintained by an organization that had
previously posted documents stolen from
u.s. persons entities and the US
government presumably that would be
WikiLeaks they released over 20,000
emails and other documents stolen from
the DNC Network that began three days
before the DNC as I recall President
Trump has been saying all along he
doesn't think that the hacking was
actually the Russians he thought that
was a 400-pound man living in his
mother's basement or some such nonsense
and then there are a bunch of conspiracy
theorists including some pretty
mainstream voices who suggested that it
was all set
there was some DNC staffer who had
actually leaked all of these emails to
gusoff ur 2.0 who had released all of
them and then they suggested that set
which was murdered over that there was
no evidence for any of that and it
turned out to be false right all of this
turned out to be false well here is the
problem here's what the left perceives
and then here's what the right perceives
and I think that there are some elements
of truth to the perceptions of both but
the truth lies somewhere between so the
left perceives is that President Trump
was very pro-russian since the beginning
of the campaign this must have been
because he was in Vladimir Putin's
pocket and then when the Russians
started hacking it was pretty clear and
it must have been that Trump was
coordinating with Russia to make all
that happen because that's the only way
Hillary Clinton possibly could have lost
this election is if Donald Trump and the
Russians conspired to steal the election
and then they say well now Trump is
being super pro-russian and super anti
probe because he knows the probe is
going to find something and because he
believes that the Russians were the
people who got him elected and he's best
friends with them okay so here's what
they're right about and here's what
they're wrong about they are right that
the Russians attempted to affect the
election in 2016 they're correct about
this they are wrong about everything
else at least so far as the evidence
says now there is no actual hard
evidence that the Trump administration
from campaign coordinated with the
Russians during the campaign or post
campaign in order to create soft Russian
policy there's no evidence of that at
all and there's no evidence that Trump
is personally important pocket now
here's what the write says what the
write says is Donald Trump is not in
Putin's pocket and Donald Trump did not
cheat during the election Hillary
Clinton just lost it hey Donald Trump
has not been too weak on Russia he's
actually pretty harsh on Russia in terms
of policy and that and therefore all of
this hacking talk and all of the
collusion
nonsense all of the hacking and all the
collusion talk is nonsense all that is
gins up by people who just don't like
Trump now that is also only half true
it's true that Trump is not in Putin's
pocket it is true as far as we know that
Trump did not coordinate with the
Russians during the campaign but it is
not true that the Russians did not
attempt to it is not true that the
Russians didn't hack into the DCCC or
the DNC or Hillary Clinton's campaign so
I'm gonna tell you the real story in
just a second and then we'll see how
these two narratives play into what the
right and the left are saying about the
Trump Putin summit first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over at
betterment so betterment is the largest
online financial advisor their designs
help customers build wealth plan for
retirement achieve their financial goals
here's the reality you think about
spending time playing the stock market
or investing in real estate how much
time you actually gonna spend on there
the answer is probably not a lot you're
just gonna stick that money in the bank
and it's gonna sit there earning an
extraordinarily low rate of interest
well this is why you need to talk to the
folks over at betterment because these
are the financial advisors that you need
at betterment hidden costs are nowhere
to be found they charge these really low
fees no matter who you are how much
money you invest you get everything from
one low transparent management fee and
they are fiduciary which means they make
recommendations and clients best
interest they're not incentivized to
recommend certain funds they don't have
our own investment products to sell
right betterment offers personalized
advice a tool of suite of tools to help
you know whether you're on track to hit
your investing goals or get the
retirement that you want and when you
need it they're tools and guidance can
help you get on track I have a financial
advisor you should too
the folks over at betterment really know
what they're doing listen investing
always involves risk but these are some
of the people who can help mitigate that
risk and manage that risk Ben Shapiro
show listeners can get up to one year
manage for free for more information go
to betterment comm slash Shapiro that's
B et te RM ent comm slash appear oh
that's betterment comm slash Shapiro is
an online financial advisor that will
help you manage your money better
mint.com slash pro reach those
retirement goals and then you don't have
to do it yourself betterment comm slash
/ you can get up to one year managed for
free it's a fantastic service you really
owe it to yourself to go check it out ok
so how do these two narratives
play into what everybody is saying about
the Trump Russia the Trump Putin sort of
sort of meeting okay so first of all
let's talk about what Trump is saying
about the collusion investigation so
here's what Trump tweeted so Trump
tweeted out these
individuals did their worth during the
Obama years why didn't Obama do
something about this because he thought
crooked Hillary would win
that's why had nothing to do with the
Trump administration but fake news
doesn't want to report the truth as
usual okay so he's not wrong that Obama
didn't do enough about it obviously but
Trump would go on to essentially claim
that a lot of this was just false in
general that the hacking itself may have
happened or didn't happen or has been or
has been exaggerated in some way right
he's focusing in on that angle and
that's what he's been that's what he's
been saying sort of all along he he
didn't actually he hasn't yet said that
the indictments themselves were BS but
they're allies of his who have said that
the indictments themselves are being so
Devin Nunez over at the House
Intelligence Committee right he says
that this is basically a witch hunt the
indictment in itself is ridiculous this
is a clip three the indictment plays
like they're only going after the
Democrats when Bob Muller and all his
investigators and his lawyers know for a
fact that they also targeted Republicans
why is that not in the indictment
it makes the indictment look ridiculous
okay all of that is fine but the fact is
the indictment says what the indictment
says and it's pretty clear the Russians
were trying to meddle in the election
again because the right is trying to
claim that Trump is not in the pocket of
Putin which he isn't they're also trying
to claim that the entire indictment is
wrong that somehow the Russians were not
attempting to affect the election in a
serious way and it's because Republicans
