so why are the media still madmen
apparently well the rest of Corporate
America has moved on we'll talk about
that plus the breaking news on the
Hillary Russia dossier pretty shocking
stuff and the JFK files are released and
we check the mailbag so lots coming up
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
so the big news as of yesterday was that
NBC correspondent and fabled
investigative journalist mark halperin
the guy who wrote Game Change and he was
about to write a new book about the
Trump campaign that was gonna be turned
into a series by HBO that he had been
apparently responsible for in an
innumerable number and allegedly of
incidents of sexual harassment or
assault where he would press himself up
against women with his genitals
where he would grope them where he would
where he would say things that were
wildly inappropriate I want to talk
about that and I want to talk about the
widespread nature of this thing in the
media and it does seem to be worse in
the media than it is in for example
corporate America at least by the
numbers and by the evidence and at least
by anecdotal evidence talk about all of
that in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
quip so the toothbrush that I use is a
equipped toothbrush the reason that I
use the quipped toothbrush is number one
because it is super effective in
cleaning up my teeth and making them
feel clean number two because if they if
you don't use a good toothbrush and and
and you get a bunch of plaque that can
actually affect your heart health
according to many studies and finally
because it's easy to travel with and the
brush heads are easily replaceable so
qyp is great for all of these things
it's sort of like if if there were an
iPhone but or a toothbrush it's just
it's it's really well designed it's it's
small it's easily travel you put the
battery right inside it it doesn't take
up a ton of space on your counter and it
works really really well it is one of
the Time magazine best inventions of
2016 it starts with just $25 right now
go to get quip comm slash capiro to get
your first refill pack free so the way
that it works is that you can subscribe
to receive new brush heads and a dentist
recommended three month plan for just
five bucks including free shipping so
you don't have to worry about you forgot
to replace the brush head and now it's
eight months later and you're still
using the same brush head which is
really gross they will send you the
replacement brush heads when you
subscribe go to get quick calm slash
Shapiro's again to get your first refill
pack free with a clip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
free at get quip comm slash Shapiro the
toothbrush itself starts at just 25
bucks
g-e-t q uip comm get quip comm slash
Shapiro make sure that you are as
healthy as you can be and equip is the
best way to do it okay so I'm gonna
start today by talking about the the
Halperin allegation so there are a bunch
of people who have now come forward
bunch of women have now come
an accused mark halperin of sexual
harassment and/or assault now one of the
problems is people conflating these two
things because you know I think this as
a society we just need to be careful
about what we call things for legal
reasons so sexual assault is where
someone is legitimately threatening to
commit battery on you right it's
actually battery if someone grabs you
against your will but it is assault they
call it sexual assault if you are
threatening to do that so that is one
thing sexual harassment is where I guess
you're telling dirty jokes at the office
and sexual harassment there there's some
fuzzy lines with regard to sexual
harassment because you can tell the same
joke to two women and one of them may
take it offensively and another may not
or a woman may hear the same joke from
two men and one may tell it offensively
and one may not so sexual harassment is
a little bit more fuzzy there's certain
things that are clearly sexual
harassment right a guy coming up to a
girl and telling her she has a nice ass
clearly sexual harassment not
necessarily sexual harassment if a guy
says a dirty joke just to a group of
people and there's some women there or
if he says it to a woman and he had told
the guy five minutes before so you know
I just want to keep these distinctions
in mind what is not in question is that
Mark Halperin is allegedly responsible
the the NBC News reporter that he is
allegedly responsible for some serious
sexual harassment / sexual assault so in
a new report from the Washington Post
one in Diana May alleges that she was
sexually harassed by Halperin back in
1994 when she was a young researcher at
ABC News according to me she is that she
had asked Halpern for help with a story
and he had come into his and he had her
come into his office come over here she
recalled him saying sit down and I'll
give you the information he then
motioned to his lap and she was shocked
and wanted to refuse but she continued
is she considered how Halpern was a
rising star as the political director at
ABC News at the time and was a favorite
of them World News Tonight anchor Peter
Jennings so not to injure her career she
reluctantly sat down on his lap where
she alleged that he was in full we shall
say that he he was in full flight mode
she said that this routine occurred
three or four times leaving her confused
shaken and ashamed she said I didn't
know what to do he was important he
wasn't my superior but he was suit
clearly in a superior position of mine I
didn't say anything I know how to at the
time I knew it was wrong another accuser
Emily Miller has also come forward after
the CNN allegations were published
he has been basically tossed out of the
of the industry his
was cancelled he was fired apparently
she suggested that she was attacked by
by Mark Halperin as well she was once a
producer at ABC News where Halperin
spends a good portion of his career so
presumably you know that took place when
they were both at the network and
there's a you know this is not the only
allegation there's another allegation
from CNN that there's a woman at CNN
who's a former producer and she says
that she was trying to interview with
Halperin and Halperin offered her a
business card she showed up and she says
I don't quite remember what we talked
about I do remember him asking me to sit
down next to him on the couches during
an interview I thought it was awkward to
sit on the couch when I was perfectly
comfortable sitting in the chair across
from his desk but I complied and I also
remember him sitting a little too close
to me at one point it felt a bit
uncomfortable and I stood up to thank
him for the meeting that's when he
leaned in tried to kiss me and attempted
to do a bit more I didn't want to offend
the man in charge of political
programming at ABC News and I tried to
be courteous and apologetic and
practically ran out of the office she
said that she finally landed a position
at CNN on Larry King Live and she said
she would never book Halperin again as
sort of her minor revenge on all of this
so one of the you know one of the things
that I think is worth asking here is why
this seems so common in Hollywood and in
the media at large so I've already
talked about the Hollywood values you
know the casting couch mentality this
idea that women are expected to sleep
with directors and producers in order to
get jobs and the reality that many women
do do that in order to get jobs or do
that in convincing themselves that it's
fine thing to do when they're really
doing it in order to get jobs that's not
putting the blame on the woman that's
putting the blame on the man and saying
this is a system in which women have had
to work and many women have gone along
with it rather than speaking up about it
which is clearly true on any objective
level one of the questions you have to
ask is why this is happening so much in
the media and it appears to have happens
pretty much every woman in the media
right here is a panel from from SE Cupp
over on CNN and here's is a panel of
women and they basically all say that
they've been sexually harassed I'm in
this little room and I put my ear in to
hear him and he says welcome se I just
want you to know I've been calling you C
cup around the office I thought you're
an idiot what an idiot I'm miked you're
miked you're saying this over on an
onion
your piece and I thought okay we're not
even in the same location and I'm pretty
sure that was just sexual harassment to
sexualize a body part of mine joke about
it where other people could hear it on
the first day okay and all of these
women's hold very similar stories and
these kind of things do happen a lot at
media companies I've worked with a lot
of women at media companies who are in
the talent side of the business and
because beauty is a commodity in in TV
it just is okay that's the way this
works in media that means that there are
a lot of men who think they can get away
with saying nasty things to women about
their body parts or about how they look
you know again there are certain people
who like Alecia Krauss is like a sister
to me so we make jokes with each other
all the time but I would never make
jokes anyone else because we're close
friends but Alicia has gotten sexually
harassed by people who are at former
companies and she's told me about this
and it's very very common and one of the
questions that you have to here's
Kristen powers making making the same
sort of claim you know I've been
harassed so many times I can't even
count and I and I don't come out and
publicly talk about them in large part
because it's still true I think that
most women feel and I feel that you will
pay a price for it and that when you
look at the women who have come out
certainly in the media the people have
made the accusations about raat against
Roger Ailes for example really I think
with one exception which would be making
Kelly the rest of them have I haven't
been able to be employed again and she's
correct about this so there are a few
things that I think are worth saying
about why this happened so much in the
media and also where is this fuzzy space
because there is a problem for women
okay if you're sexually harassed in the
workplace and you go to HR and it's a
he-said she-said situation unless it's
legally actionable it makes it very
difficult for anybody to do anything
about it not all sexual harassment
situations are legally actionable even
against the company because remember the
standard legally for sexual harassment
against a company or a discriminatory
working but excuse me a discriminatory
work environment is not an individual
guy sexually harassing you it's the
creation of an entire element right it's
the creation of an entire business
environment that is sexually harassing
that's what you can sue a company for if
a random guy works for a company and
sexually harasses you you couldn't sue
Daily wire if one person at Daily wire
sexually harassed a girl you couldn't
sue the entire company you could report
it to HR and then HR would have a
responsibility to look into it but in or
to meet the legal standard for suing the
company itself you would actually have
to show a legally harassing environment
that had been promulgated by the office
now in the media there's something else
that's happening and it happens in
religious institutions too very powerful
institutions where people feel like they
have something to lose our places where
they are less likely to speak out so I
was talking with with my business
partner Jeremy born yesterday Jeremy
used to work in Hollywood a lot and he
took a lot of meetings in Hollywood he
was telling me about one meeting he had
with a studio head where this particular
studio had was talking about a
particular actress with his female
assistants in the room and this studio
had apparently said about the actress
you know I'd bleep her wouldn't you
bleep her he turned to the girl he said
wouldn't you bleep her you know if you
had if you had a bleep wouldn't you
bleep her and they so even if you didn't
have a bleep you would you do this to
her and describe the very graphic sexual
act and Jeremy said to me you know one
of the things in Hollywood is that this
is so common that it took him by
surprise
because he felt like if I were in a
Walmart board room you know the the
girl's name was Juliet or something then
this wouldn't be called Walmart anymore
this would be called Juliet Mart right
if the head of G if the head of Walmart
had said that - Juliet some assistant
this would now be called Juliet enlarge
she sue him for sexual harassment and
she win and she'd take the entire
company away but in Hollywood it's
SuperDuper common and that's because a
lot of people are making this trade-off
decision that it is not worth speaking
up because they're afraid of the career
ramifications so that means that two
things have to change one is that we
actually have to fight against a culture
that suggests that women can't get jobs
anymore if they accuse someone of sexual
harassment or sexual assault right that
definitely has to be fought and you know
the point that is being made here by
Kirsten powers that a lot of women who
complain about this stuff and then
blackballed that people think that are
their litigation risk that's absolutely
true and that's why we have to have hard
lines harder lines we as a society have
to sit down and decide what constitutes
legitimate sexual harassment that is
worthy of review so that we can tell
when a woman is actually complaining for
the right reasons or when she's
complaining because she's being
oversensitive you know in 90% of cases
it'll be the right reasons and 10% of
cases it may be because she's
oversensitive but the problem is that
without any hard lines it's very easy
for people to shy away from it and just
say oh she's oversensitive I'm not
hiring her she's a litigation risk why
would we do that so the first thing that
has to be done
is we have to some draw some hard lines
of society and the second thing that has
to be done is we have to determine for
as a society you know we have to
reevaluate what is worth subjecting
yourself to in order to get ahead in a
particular business or in a particular
institution I'll talk about that in just
a second but first I want to say thank
you to our friends over at us CCA so us
concealed-carry Association is of course
the place that gives you everything you
need to know about concealed and carry
and they help protect you against a
situation in which God forbid you have
to shoot somebody in a home invasion
scenario and now the police show up what
do you do and who covers the cost of the
lawyers u.s. concealed carry Association
helps you with all those things right
now they are giving away a 20-17
concealed carry and family defense guide
from the u.s. concealed carry
Association it is 100% free
in it you will learn how to detect
attackers before they see you how to
survive a mass shooting the safest and
most dangerous places sit in a
restaurant how to responsibly own and
store a gun especially if you have small
children and a whole lot more so 164
pages of great info comes with a bonus
audio version as well
so you can listen in your car it's 100%
free and right now you will also get a
bonus home defense checklist when you go
to defend my family now calm thats
defend my family now calm right now for
a hundred percent free instant access
this is something you need to have in
your house and you need to read its
again defend my family now.com thats
defend my family now to calm you seca
doing great work for gun owners the
country over okay so from the final
point I want to make her as an
institutional one there is a draw to the
camera okay there's it one of the things
the reasons this is happening in the
media a lot is because there's a draw
out of the camera and men know this and
men are exploitative if given power men
will be exploitative because anyone in a
position of power will be exploitative
women in positions of power tend not to
be sexually exploitative in the same way
that men are because men's sex drives
are not the same as women sex drives men
with power will to base themselves and
to base other people for sex more
commonly than women well the camera
offers an unnamed power so the reason
you see sexual assault covered up so
often in religious institutions is the
idea that the people who are committing
the sexual assault have a direct
pipeline to God and so they have a
unique capacity to to pass on that power
to others right and so people feel like
well if this person is saying it they
must be more moral they must have a
special
you know direct line to God and
therefore there's nothing that I can say
about and this happens a lot in
religious communities
it happens in public schools because you
know there's a lot of small children but
when in Hollywood it happens a lot more
than anywhere else I think and it
happens a lot more in the media than
anywhere else I think also because of
the power of the camera so it's not just
you know a lot of these women who want
to appear on TV you know they want to
appear on TV not because the money is so
great but because there is something
magical about a camera in a mess you
know in a mass cultural phenomenon it's
something we have to get over as a
society the camera has a certain power
you know there are these girls gone wild
kind of softcore pornography videos that
have become very very popular and
basically all they are is this company
goes to places like Cancun and they show
up with a camera and they say the girls
take off your take off your show us your
bleep right and then girls will do it
right girls will do it is that sexual
harassment by the cameraman well yeah I
mean it is but girls will do it because
there's a camera there the camera is not
magical the camera is not magical the
reason that if was an executive all Mart
said that he'd immediately be sued for
sexual harassment is because there's
nothing magical happening in that
boardroom you're selling thing you're
selling like you know baby clothes but
the presence of the camera the
possibility of the glittering fame the
possibility of Tinseltown has been true
for a hundred years it is it is a draw
for everyone including women and men you
use that draw in order to get some place
that's something that has to end and as
the media fractures I hope that we're
going to see less of this not more you
know when there are a limited number of
cameras available then people will do
anything to get in front of those
cameras as the media fractures I hope
that this will become less and less
common specifically because you can have
a camera on your own put it up on
YouTube and never have to worry about
moving through an executive office with
Mark Halperin gesturing for you to sit
on his lap we need to get over the
romance with the camera and that's true
