our president Trump's wounds is
self-inflicted the continuing
controversy over whether he's treating
the gold star families properly Plus
questions about Niger and the worst
anti-trump op-ed in The New York Times I
have ever seen we'll talk about all of
it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show besides you have to say
this is Charles blow op-ed in The New
York Times it's not just one of the war
stop ads about Trump I've ever seen it's
one of the worst written op eds about
Trump I've ever seen I want to go
through it at length because I think
that it reveals something about where
the blind spot is for the left with
regard to President Trump at first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at link so you don't know anything
about wine you're ignorant about wine
but you have to go over to somebody's
house for dinner and you want to bring a
good bottle of wine that isn't gonna
cost you a fortune
this is why you need to go over to my
friends at wink winc they make it easy
to discover great wine that's because
they have wine experts who select rinds
match to your taste personalized for you
shipped right to your door starting just
13 bucks a bottle there is nothing like
coming home to a delicious box of wink
wine that's selected just for you it is
the best day of your month and if you'd
want a bottle of wine this curated to
your taste or the taste of the people
you're bringing a bottle of wine over to
then you need to go over there and you
need to take their personalized survey
it asks you what foods you like and
that's what your palate is like and then
it personalizes a wine recommendation
just for you each month there are new
delicious wines like the insanely
popular summer water rose a no
membership fees skip any month cancel
anytime
shipping is complimentary and if you
don't like a bottle they send you they
will replace it with a bottle you love
no questions asked so discover great
wine today go to try winked calm / bend
that's try wink that's try winc dot-com
/ bend and you get $20 off your first
shipment if it's $20 off your first
shipment which means basically you're
gonna get at least one bottle of wine
without paying for it since each bottle
of wine is about $13 so that means try
winked calm / pending get $20 off your
first shipment again try winked calm /
Ben check it out makes you look like you
know what you're doing with wine plus it
tastes really good everybody in the
office is constantly drunk on wink wine
that is not a coincidence is both
because we hire an inordinate number of
alcoholics and also because wink wine is
really good okay so I want to start off
with this piece from Charles blow
was trending on Twitter this morning and
what was actually trending on Twitter
was Trump isn't Hitler right Trump isn't
Hitler so I clicked on that because I
was like wow somebody figured it out and
then it says Trump isn't Hitler but he
lies but the lying right that's the
actual title of it so he isn't like
Hitler but he's kind of like him except
for the mustache that's pretty much
where Charles blow over at the New York
Times is going now what's astonishing
about Charles blow is not just that he's
a bad thinker the New York Times op-ed
page as Andrew Clavin is fond of saying
a form of newspaper there op-ed pages we
have criticized in the last week is full
of people who are shoddy thinkers the
real problem with the New York Times
op-ed page with Charles blow is the
Charles blow is a shoddy writer I mean
he's just a bad writer I'm gonna read
you some of the stuff from this column
and you're going to see this is stuff
that would not pass you through Freshman
Seminar at a public college I mean this
is really not high-level stuff so but
Charles blow begins it is a commonly
accepted rule among those who are in the
business of argument especially online
that he or she who invokes Adolf Hitler
either an oratory or essays
automatically forfeits the argument oh
don't worry he's gonna do it anyway as
the reference is deemed far too extreme
too explosive too far beyond rational
correlation no matter how bad a
present-day politician now one of them
has charted or is charting a course to
exterminate millions of innocent people
as an active ethnic cleansing
Hitler stands alone in this regard but
but there are strategies that Hitler
used to secure power and rise things
that allowed his murderous reign they
can teach us about political theory and
practice and very reasonable and sage
comparisons can be drawn between
Hitler's strategies and those of others
so now if he's going to make a
reasonable and sage comparison what
exactly is his reasonable and sage
comparison it's that Hitler was a liar
and so is Donald J aid off Trump he says
one of those lessons is about how
purposeful lying can be effectively used
as propaganda the forthcoming comparison
isn't to Hitler the murderer at a Hitler
the liar now it's always weird to use
Hitler as an example of anything other
than mass murder well I actually am NOT
somebody who believes you can never make
Hitler comparisons I agree actually with
Charles blow that it is sometimes
worthwhile to look at how dictators rise
to power not using Hitler is the only
example looking at people like Mussolini
are looking at
like Franco looking at the various
dictators around the world and saying
how did they rise to power
Hitler's a particularly instructive
example because he rose to power in a
democracy right he was actually elected
to his position as Chancellor
essentially and it's fascinating to see
what he did in order to get there that's
why he's such an interesting character
historically at least with regard to
these sorts of comparisons but to boil
hitler down to the lire is again
historically ignorant this idea that
Hitler was the ultimate liar or that
Hitler teaches us all how lies work in
politics ignores that lies have worked
in politics for pretty much every
politician ever and Charles blow goes
further he brings out this old trope
that I'm not really fond of
I know dinesh d'souza called his book
the big lie there's this trope that goes
around it comes really from from
durables and our Gables and it comes
also from my income and it's the idea
that the big lie when used in politics
is the most effective that the bigger
you lied the more you get away with it I
don't think this is true I actually
don't think this is true I think that a
subtle lie repeated often is the one
that you get away with a lie that is
very difficult to verify is the one that
you get away with a big lie meaning like
an audacious lie which is usually how
people take it that's the one that's
easiest to debunk right they're turning
the frogs gay right relatively easy to
debunk how about pizza gate relatively
easy to debunk the Sun is green right
pretty easy to bunk we look up in the
sky it's not green we're done so the
bigger the lie in that sense the more
audacious the lie the easier it is to
debunk it is the subtle lie it is the
lie that that is is really a factor of
the person lying having more information
but not telling the truth than you and
you don't have enough information to
determine whether it's the truth or a
lie that's the why that's successful and
the more it's repeated the better it
does but what people on the Left can't
stand about Trump is that one of the
things one of the many things is that
Trump lies audaciously and says things
that aren't true all the time and people
don't seem to care and the left doesn't
understand why that is the left says
well why can't anyone just technologies
a liar yeah I cut a video during the
primaries Oh in in last year's election
cycle in which I explicitly said Donald
Trump is a liar he isn't mean Trump lies
a lot let's be frank about this Trump is
not an honest guy okay he does it
habitually he says a lot of things that
aren't true but I
the kind of damaging lies that destroy
the country right widget which are the
kind of lies that people worry more
about so in the exit polls this is where
Charles blow goes wrong ideologically
Charles blow suggests the American
people let trump get away with his lies
they believe him there is not a single
poll that has shown that Americans think
Trump is trustworthy in fact their polls
showing that people think CNN is more
trustworthy than Trump right now the
exit polls from 2016 an election that
Trump won showed that 64% of Americans
thought Trump was neither honest nor
trustworthy the same polls of course
showed that about the same number of
people thought Hitler did not Hitler
thought that Hillary was neither honest
nor trustworthy so that is the real
problem for the left not that Trump lies
and he gets away with it but a day why
two and the American public identify all
the lies and then they prefer the lives
of Donald Trump's in the lives of
Hillary Clinton right that's what's
actually going on in American politics
not the Trump lies and everybody goes
he's telling the truth
there's 30% of the population that does
that okay there are 30% of people who
will do that there's the bill Mitchell's
of the world so you say that everything
Trump says is gospel truth it is coming
down on high from Sinai it is absolutely
a hundred percent real but most people
most Americans look at Trump and they
say sometimes he tells the truth and
sometimes he tells truths that are
really necessary and sometimes he just
lies because he says crap or as I've
said many times on the show sometimes he
just says crap the Charles blow thinks
that the real reason Trump is winning is
because he is just such a skilled exact
razorsharp liar he's perfected the art
of lying he has figured out the hit
Larian tool and so he writes Trump is no
Hitler but the way he has manipulated
the American people with outrageous lies
stacked one on top of the other has an
eerie historical resonance demagogy has
a fixed design dong dong dong dong okay
what I would like to know are what were
the outrageous lies did he stab someone
on top of another the ones that he said
during the campaign the talking points
he said during the campaign that won him
victory were actually mostly true right
when he talked about how Hillary Clinton
was a criminal true when he talked about
Hillary Clinton being unfit for office
true when he said that people had to
vote for him if they wanted hope for the
court true right those were basically
true statements hey I may not have
believed them
but they but they were true I mean I
didn't believe the one about the court
because I have other issues with the
court but I think what he was saying was
at least if Ruud had had an element of
truth to it for sure the stuff that he
said that wasn't true during the
campaign and stuff about Ted Cruz's
father killing John F Kennedy and such
you know that kind of stuff people just
went yeah whatever they're willing to
overlook that because they felt like all
politicians lie now that is I think the
biggest lie that has been promulgated
and that's not Trump who said it it's
just it's something Americans believe
and I don't think it's true that all
politicians lie or have to lie but
that's something that's been pushed by
both sides of the aisle
it's cynicism masquerading as wisdom and
I don't think that it's really true in
any case Charles blow goes on in this
vein he says Trump has found a way to
couch the lies that people believe they
don't emanate from him but pass through
him he is not a producer but a projector
and then he talks about how Trump likes
to use phrases like lots of people that
are saying or I was told okay that's
true Trump does do that but then he
blows that up into and that's why Trump
is winning it's because of his lies and
only people could see through him if
only people could see the truth people
do see the truth and then they prefer
Trump to your guy what does that say
about your guy Charles well what does
that say about your movement that people
actually do see Trump relatively clearly
and then choose him anyway what does
that say about the left and that's a
question I think the left does not want
to cope with I do have to read you a
couple of paragraphs that are just
demonstrating that this this is really
one of the worst written columns I've
ever seen these two paragraphs are
astonishingly bad maybe I have crossed
the ink-stained line of the essay writer
where Hitler is always beyond it but I
don't think so ignoring what one of
history's greatest examples of lying has
to teach us about current examples of
lying particularly lying by the
president of the most powerful country
in the world seems to me an act of
timidity in a time of terror it is an
intentional self blinding to avoid
offending frail sensibilities I have
neither time nor patience for such
tiptoeing I prefer the best sentence
ever right here I prefer the boot of
truth to slam down to earth like thunder
no matter the shock of hearing its clap
there are no words for how bad that
writing is that writing is so intensely
awful I mean that writing is that that
should be like the purple writing
competition that they have every year
where they do like the worst sex scenes
maybe that should be in there it's not
even a sex sentence and it should be in
there it's so bad I prefer the boot of
truth to slam down-to-earth
like funder is like Bert Lahr from from
the from the Cowardly playing the
Cowardly Lion The Wizard of Oz like
blunder
no matter the shock of hearing its clap
okay first of all boots do not slam to
earth like thunder if they are sort of
fascistic image actually no matter the
shock of hearing its clap
there's no clap of a boot to earth I've
crossed the line from inks to ink stain
line of the essay writer I mean like
really the Freshman Seminar this would
been tossed out see - so bad stuff from
the nerd times the reason that I point
this out today is because Trump is under
assault and one of the questions we have
to ask ourselves to be honest observers
of the situation is whether Trump's
current political position he's in a bad
political position right now how much of
that is self-inflicted and how much of
that is because the media are out to get
him and I think it's a combination of
both I think that Trump has a penchant
for shooting himself in both feet and
then taking a knife and stabbing himself
in both feet and then taking a
sledgehammer and bashing himself in both
feet and then he hobbles around
complaining about the media I think the
media are more than happy to join in on
the fun I think the media are looking
for opportunities to do this so today's
case in point is the situation over in
Niger so if you missed what actually
happened it was easy to miss it because
the media didn't even cover it so on
October 4th there was a an Isis
apparently Isis attack in Niger okay and
this Isis attack in Niger killed four
Americans and in the I'm sorry he killed
four Americans and wounded another two
and in doing so it ended up basically
creating a firestorm because there are a
bunch of questions that have to be asked
about Niger now there's a Democrat named
Frederick Wilson and she is suggesting
that Niger is going to be trumps
Benghazi
here she is what no sir mr. Trump what
happened to me David in Nigeria
[Music]
why did it take hours for them to
discover him okay and there are all the
people clapping for that oh it's gonna
be as Benghazi so people are obviously
excited to make this Niger situation
into Trump's Benghazi
it is not clear it is really not clear
that there is anything here that says
that this is Trump's Benghazi here are
the questions that do have to be asked
about Niger okay there has some
questions that we need to ask about what
happened in Niger what happened in
Benghazi just to be clear was a failure
on every level there were six hundred
odd requests from people on the ground
in Libya to Hillary Clinton State
Department asking specifically for more
security turned down 600 odd times from
the State Department or ignored there
was an attack that took place over the
course of hours nobody arrived to help
afterward the administration openly lied
to the American public about it they
claimed that the American public was was
being told the truth they were not we
were told that it was an anti-islam
video that caused the problem that it
was not in fact the in organized terror
assault that was false and then we were
told in the aftermath of all of this
that everything had gone swimmingly and
that Hillary Clinton had done her job
and all the rest so there they're a
bunch of different issues that happen in
Benghazi that didn't necessarily happen
in Niger the Democrats are constantly
looking for something to be Trump's X
right so Russia is gonna be Trump's
Watergate ooh and then we get that that
the this situation is gonna be Trump's
at Benghazi whoo-hoo-hoo and then we get
the Puerto Rico is gonna be Trump's
Katrina woohoo it's always gonna be
Trump's something but we actually have
to determine whether it is one of these
things or whether it is not one of these
things there's not a lot of evidence to
suggest yet that Niger is trumps at
Benghazi now before I go any further and
ask the questions about Niger I first
want to stop and say thank you to our
sponsors over at Beachbody on
man so right now I'm on the road that
means that I don't have my personal
trainer that when I use at home it means
that I don't have lots of time to work
out and that's why I use Beachbody on
demand I don't have a lot of room in
this hotel room but that's enough room
for me to be able to workout and keep in
shape
they have all the best brands Beachbody
on demand we're talking about piyo or
talking about 21 day fix p90x insanity
three week yoga retreat all of these
familiar brands what Beachbody on demand
does is it gives you access to over 600
different workouts you don't have to get
bored enough to do the same routine
every single time it gives you
everything you need highly effective
world-class workouts you can do in your
home or on the road
plus extensive nutritional content all
this personalized to meet your needs
proven to help people achieve their
health and fitness goals Beachbody on
demand provides you the best in all of
this plus right now they even include
brand new first of their kind cooking
shows for healthy weight loss and
portion control
it's called fixate and that teaches you
how to cook healthy delicious simple
recipes for you and your family over a
hundred recipe videos there so if you
want to be in shape if you want to live
longer if you want to be happier the
best way to do it is Beachbody on demand
it's a brand new service it already has
over a million members your listeners
right now can claim a free trial
membership right Ben Shapiro listeners
we can claim a free trial membership
text Shapiro to 30 30 30 Shapiro to 30
30 30 and get full access to the entire
