FBI agent Peter struck gets clocked by a
bevy of Republicans President Trump
takes on Teresa May for no apparent
reason and we checked the mailbag I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
man oh man when the news is this stupid
it's not hard to do a show and we have
lots to get to today but we begin first
with reminding you that your employees
could be better now mine could my
employees are just spectacular I mean
they made a video yesterday that is so
good I can't stop talking about it but
if they ever displease me and we'll go
directly to zip recruiter and we will
replace them forthwith the way we will
do that is by going to zip recruiter and
listing our job and then zip recruiter
sends our job to over 100 of the web's
leading job boards they don't stop there
with their powerful matching technology
zip recruiter scans thousands of resumes
to find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job as
applications come in zip recruiter
analyzes each one and spotlights the top
candidates see never miss a great match
zipper career is so effective that 80%
of employers who post on zip recruiter
get a quality candidate through the site
within the first day so with results
like that it's no wonder the zip
recruiter is the highest rated hiring
site in America we use it here at daily
wire right now my listeners can try zip
recruiter for free at this web address
zip recruiter com daily wire okay try it
for free zip recruit calm slash daily
where we use it here at the daily wire
so that makes sense zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire zip recruiter is indeed
the smartest way to hire we use it here
at the office and you should as well zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire and you
can try zip recruiter for free also
wanted to remind you that our next
episode of the conversation is coming up
quickly this Tuesday July 17 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific all of your
questions will be answered by our own
Andrew Clavin with our host Alisha
Krause
our live Q&A is available on YouTube and
Facebook for everybody to watch only
subscribers can ask through questions at
daily wire.com you can check out the pin
comments on this video for more
information once again subscribe ask
drew live questions Tuesday July 17th at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific
join the conversation ask drew where all
of his hair went and why he names his
book so poorly go check it out the
conversation happening next Tuesday 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific all right
so yesterday Peter struck you remember
this guy this is the guy who's an FBI
agent having an affair with another FBI
agent and he was texting with her the
whole time about how much he hated
Donald Trump and this only matters
because Peter struck was in charge of
both the Hillary Clinton email
investigation as well as the Trump
Russia collusion investigation and as
you will also recall the Inspector
General of the DOJ Michael Horowitz
found that Peters strux bias against
President Trump
not be counted out when it came to
analyzing his activities with regard to
these investigations so for example
there was a point in in late September
when it became clear to the FBI that
there were Hillary Clinton emails on
Huma Abedin computer instead of
prioritizing that and checking it out
Peter struck decided it was imperative
to put all of his resources on the
supposed Trump Russia collusion that was
happening and instead of checking out
the Hillary thing you tracked out the
Trump thing that's away the Hillary
thing until late in the election cycle
ironically that ended up boosting
Hillary Clinton out of the presidency it
ended up creating a Donald Trump
presidency possibly by allowing the FBI
and James Comey to Rhea nounce an
opening of Hillary's email investigation
like five six days before the election
actually happened so Peter struck is
he's the guy who wrote that he would
stop Trump from becoming president he
was the guy who wrote that all of these
ignorant hillbillies we're gonna vote
for Trump he's a real joy to behold so
he shows up on the hill yesterday and
he's testifying in front of the house
Government Oversight Committee let me
say at the outset I don't think that
this was a useful hearing the reason I
don't think this is a useful hearing is
because no new information was available
we already knew what Peter struck was
going to say about all of this because
it said all of it in the Inspector
General report the only thing that would
have been useful is if the members of
the House Committee on Oversight if the
Government Oversight Committee if they'd
actually asked struck about specific
instances of decision making and whether
those decisions were biased by his
anti-trump hatred right so if they'd
actually had in front of them like a
complete timeline of Peter Struck's
decision making from the initiation of
the Hillary Clinton email investigation
and the Russia collusion investigation
all the way through today and said okay
here's all your decisions here's why
this one seems biased explain yourself
that would have been useful instead what
it turned into was a lot of
grandstanding and browbeating it did
however make Peter struck look pretty
terrible because Peter struck is it
turns out a garbage human and when I say
he's a garbage humor Hume and I say this
advisedly yeah there's a moment
yesterday when louie gohmert got a lot
of flack because louie gohmert went
after struck and he went after struck
for cheating on his wife and and you
know then texting with this this lover
about donald trump all the way through
here was here was representative Gohmert
from texas going after struck yesterday
is the disgrace and it won't be
recaptured anytime soon
because of the damage you've done to the
Justice assessment and I've talked to
FBI agents around the country you've
embarrassed them you've embarrassed
yourself and I can't help but wonder
when I see you looking there with a
little smirk so how many times did you
look so innocent into your wife's eyes
and lied to her about mr. chairman it's
outrageous
yeah and Democrats go crazy over all of
this of course now is it ironic the
Republican members are chastising Peter
struck over having an affair when Louie
Gohmert I like Louie I'm friendly with
Louie when Louis campaigned for Roy
Moore in Alabama
when Louie was a big Trump supporter is
it a little ironic yes of course it's a
little ironic but I will point out that
I would like for there to be a standard
that adultery is bad in the country so
it doesn't really bother me the Peters
truck is getting smacked around over the
fact that he was cheating on his wife
with another FBI agent and texting
little nothing sweet nothings about
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump to her
that doesn't bother me in the slightest
okay so struck made himself look really
bad yesterday he started off the hearing
by saying that even this questioning is
a win for Vladimir Putin and he's
becoming a hero to the left because of
all of this it's sort of an Oliver North
moment from the 1980s during Mehran
contra Oliver North was the colonel who
had been involved in smuggling weapons
to the to the Contras in Nicaragua and
he was questioned by Democrats a lot of
Republicans came to his aid Peter struck
is having the same thing happened to him
even though he's kind of a yucky human
he has a bunch of Democrats who are now
rushing to defend him and talk about how
wonderful he is because he suggests that
even this line of questioning helps
Vladimir Putin I have the utmost respect
for Congress's oversight role but I
strongly believe today's hearing is just
another victory notch in Putin's belt
and another milestone in our enemies
campaign to tear America apart
yeah well there are serious questions to
be asked about Peter struck yeah I don't
think that having a hearing about
whether the FBI was biased in its
investigation is irrelevant this is the
job of the government Oversight
Committee I don't think that this is a
huge problem general eisah again this is
all grandstanding it was all very
entertaining but I don't think anybody
looked came out of this looking great
darrell Issa made Peter struck read his
texts and it was kind of hilarious and
I'm gonna just go or to go to a
and then ask you to read your own words
March 4 2016
you want me to read this yes please yes
sir
OMG he's an idiot now the pressure
really starts to finish my e hi how was
Trump other than a douche Melania miss
page said not ever going to become
president right right no no he's not
we'll stop it repeat that again no no
he's not we'll stop it so there is
struck reading back his own his own text
and obviously this is the guy who's now
proclaiming that he has no bias
everything was fine he explained his
text messages anti-trump text messages
by basically suggesting he did nothing
wrong then when he said we'll stop it
you know as a high-ranking member of the
FBI meaning Trump's campaign will stop
from from becoming president
he didn't mean me him mean the FBI he
meant the American people in general
we'll stop it you know we'll stop all of
this is that really what Peter struck
meant no that's not really what Peter
struck men but here he is lying about it
it would be his candidacy for the
president set the America would not vote
him into office right right I don't
recall writing that text well I deny
running the text what I can tell you is
that text in no way suggested that I or
the FBI would take any action to
influence the candidates is a fantastic
answer tool question nobody out okay so
the struck they're saying I didn't I
didn't buy it but that's the point okay
so here is that that actual little
exchange where Gowdy says Tim that's a
great answer to the question nobody
asked but that's the only question that
matters honestly the only question that
matters is not whether Peter struck
hated Donald Trump we know Peter struck
hated Donald Trump I'll bet that are a
bunch of people in the FBI who weren't
real fond to Hillary Clinton either the
real question is was the investigation
biased and this is why I say that I
think this hearing was kind of a waste
of time because it didn't get to the
question of whether his actual actions
impacted the actions of the FBI in the
Russia investigation and for that we're
gonna have to wait for more information
to come out now is it demonstrate that
Peter struck is the worst yeah the guy's
pretty much the worst I mean he there's
there's a gift going around a Jif going
around of Peter struck making these
weird faces and it's like Kevin Spacey
from 7:00 I mean the guy's weirdo but
does that actually answer the question
as to whether the Russia
investigation was from the very outset
poisoned by the FBI directed at making
sure that Trump was not president
corruptly investigated now I have my
suspicions but those suspicions were not
actually provided with any evidentiary
support during this hearing and we got
to be objective in how we view this hey
yes Peter struck is terrible yes the
Democrats who defended him for all of
this are ridiculous but if you're going
to imply that Peter struck was
responsible for an investigation that
was utterly corrupt beginning to end yes
she need to show some evidence that he's
responsible for corrupt portions of the
investigation I'm waiting to hear that
because there's an actual Inspector
General report that's going to come out
about the Russia investigation and as
I've suggested not only into anywhere
out of the realm of possibility that the
Russia investigation the collusion
investigation was tainted from the
outset by struck and his anti-trump bias
I don't think that's impossible at all
what I do think is that if the
Republicans were gonna have this hearing
they should have hit him with all that
stuff they should have had that
information they should have make that
made that information public again none
of this is to suggest that struck is
innocent
I don't think struck is innocent and for
example struck was he asked how long it
started it started before how long did
it take him to start talking about
impeachment after James Comey was fired
trey Gowdy was asking him this questions
clip 7 do you remember how long it took
for you to start talking about
impeachment after Bob Muller was
appointed I don't sir one day one day
and you are talking about impeachment
okay that's true and it shows again that
struck was wildly biased against Trump
disliked President Trump we knew all of
that already so the real question was
okay so what impact did that have on the
investigation the answer probably is
some impact but we need to see the
evidence of that impact before we can
say the entire investigation needs to be
thrown out top to bottom now I don't
think the investigation is going to come
up with anything anyway I think the
investigation is likely to come up short
on a variety of issues I don't think
it's gonna reach all the way to
President Trump I don't think it's going
to show the president Trump and the
Trump campaign actively colluded with
the Russian government I don't think any
of the evidence is there for any of that
but what I do think is that Peter struck
and the FBI needs to do a much better
job of cleaning up exactly how it is
that they are that that they are
pursuing these issues because obviously
it's it's
it's dirty in the way they are pursuing
it the question is how dirty and how
impactful now it's not stopping
Democrats from defending Peter struck
Democrats are out full force depending
struck saying that struck is just a
wonderful wonderful dude we'll talk
about that in just a second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over a
policy genius so you need life insurance
okay it is a moral obligation for you to
have life insurance if you die and then
you don't have life insurance that is
your fault not your death but your lack
of life insurance that's something you
can take care of right now by going over
to policy genius calm right now policy
genius is the easy way to compare life
insurance online you can compare quotes
in just five minutes when it's that easy
putting it off becomes a lot harder you
can compare quotes while sitting on the
couch you can do it while you're
listening to this podcast policy genius
has helped over 4 million people shop
for insurance placed over twenty billion
dollars in coverage and they don't just
make life insurance easy they also use
disability insurance and renter's
insurance and health insurance if you
care about it they can cover it so go
check it out right now at policy genius
com it's the easy way to compare all the
top insurers find the best value for you
I have life insurance my wife has life
insurance I urge you seriously go get
life insurance right now you never have
to think about it again once you got it
go check it out policy genius.com no
sales pressure zero hassle and it's free
once again that's policy genius.com
there's a reason that 4 million people
shop for insurance using policy genius
and they've placed twenty billion
dollars in coverage policy genius.com
don't put it off alrighty so with all of
this said with Peter struck being as
corrupt as Peter struck is with him
being as smug as he has and the smugness
matters here hey listen I have a certain
amount of sympathy for people who are
smug considering that I am a charter
member of the smug Club but if in fact
Peter struck is really smug about what
he believes what that tends toward is a
certain level of certainty in his
activity with regard to his
professionalism and he tends to believe
that his opinion is facts which is why
he's so smug about it when he starts to
believe that your opinion is fact well
that tends to creep into a mission
mission skew it tends to allow you to
believe that the stuff you are doing is
legitimate even when it's slightly
illegitimate again we're gonna have to
wait to see the facts come out as to how
badly he botched the investigation but
I'd be very surprised if there was no
battery whatsoever Democrats however are
out defending struck because struck as a
hero so Steve Cohen who's a Democratic
congressman from I believe Tennessee he
says that that Peters
should be given a Purple Heart if I
could give you a Purple Heart I would
you deserve one this has been an attack
on you in a way to attack mr. Muller and
the investigation that is to get it
Russia collusion involved in our
election okay so that's that's that's
great the Democrats say that he deserves
a Purple Heart Purple Heart is for
wounded veterans people who've served in
the military and wounded in the line of
duty Peter struck doesn't deserve a
Purple Heart Peter struck deserves a
pink slip not a Purple Heart a pink slip
I mean the guy should be fired and this
is a guy who is disgraced the FBI no
matter how you slice it but according to
the Democrats because he sends a bunch
of anti-trump text messages he deserves
a Purple Heart
now what's hilarious about this is that
it's probably Peter Struck's fault that
Hillary Clinton is not president right
now if Peters truck had simply
investigated the Hillary Clinton email
stuff on Huma Abedin computer and
released that in early October as
opposed to the very tail end of October
then Hillary Clinton wouldn't face that
round of bad headlines at the end of
October she may very well have won so
they want to give a Purple Heart now to
the same people who may be responsible
for Donald Trump being president in the
first place it's really hilarious they
do the same thing with James Comey James
Comey was the guy who released a letter
right before the election saying Hillary
Clinton was under investigation again by
the FBI and now they love James Comey
the Left can really be bought for a song
all you have to do is scream about how
much you dislike Trump and the left
suddenly loves you the left suddenly is
just you're it's become an entry key to
the to the leftist to the leftist kind
of lounge if you are if you just like
President Trump it's funny the other
night I went with my wife over to a
place in Los Angeles called the Magic
Castle Magic Castle was just spectacular
it's a lot of fun and went there for a
10th anniversary and one of the
magician's there who's this very famous
magician he's got a show on Netflix I
believe he started off his little
routine with a with a joke about Trump
he said I was in New York and everybody
cheers and then he goes and I walked
past Trump Tower and everybody starts
booing and I thought to myself really
like this is this is how you're going to
signal to your audience that you are one
of them all these rich people sitting at
the Magic Castle in Los Angeles on a
Tuesday night and you're and you're
talking about how you walk my Trump
Tower boom I mean honestly I'm not I've
called balls and strikes
from the name me once you cheer for
President Trump when he said he walked
