if you're empty and you can't find
meaning in other people it being
serviced other people are contributing
to society I don't know what we're we're
doing well welcome I am very excited to
have with me today dr. drew and we'll be
talking with him in just one second but
first look everybody looks better in a
suit dr. drew is the best dressed man on
the planet
but even dr. drew would look great in
endo Chino because endo Chino is the
world's largest made-to-measure menswear
company they've been featured in major
publications including GQ Forbes and
Fast Company company they make suits and
shirts made to your exact measurements
for a great fit dudes love the wide
selection of high quality fabrics the
option to personalize all the details
including your lapel your lining your
monogram so here's how it works you can
go to a showroom they have one in
Beverly Hills or they have them all
around the country or it can shop online
at endo Chino com you can pick their
fabric choose your customizations submit
your measurements I've done it myself it
is super cool and then you wait for your
custom suit to arrive in just a few
weeks and it fits you like a glove
this week my listeners can get any amia
mindo Chino suit for just 379 bucks at
Indo chinos calm when you enter
Shapiro's
at checkout again use that promo code
super you get 50% off the regular price
for a made to measure premium suit and
shipping is free so Indo Chino comp
Ramon coach Shapiro any premium suit 379
bucks and free shipping you look like
James Bond but you don't have to be
James Bond prices
it's an incredible deal for a suit that
will fit you better than anything off
the rack could Indo Chino comm use that
promo code Shapiro okay so now dr. drew
thank you for stopping by dr. drew for
those who don't know and you've been
hiding under a rock for the last 20 30
years dr. drew is the original host of
Loveline which is where I first got to
know his work just like everybody else
but he is currently a host over at KBC
in Los Angeles on mid days he also does
five separate podcasts I've got Adam
Andrew good drew we got these whole
patrol just of health and fitness
podcast and another one would Bob for us
got the hat and the glasses I did
Celebrity Rehab with called this life
it's been said mental health and
addiction that kind of stuff so dr. Drew
has a very very full plate
exactly I'm glad he had time say come
over here and I was thinking about as
you were talking about the suits I'm
going to buy by the way too good a deal
though let go but but I want you to
change my mind today I like well
unfortunately we live in a world where
people don't like to change there
I cannot understand that I my mind
changing is how I grow that that's what
I want you to change my mind so well
this is this is why I think this is why
I think someone's you're so popular one
of the one of the reasons that a lot of
people we have on I think are so popular
is because if you view life as a journey
through knowledge I think that you have
a much better time doing it and also
you're less likely to become ticked off
so one of the things that's great about
what you do is that you talk with a lot
of people from a lot of variant points
of view but you're pretty even keel I
mean it's a business degree III the
hubris is the furthest thing from what I
think I should be and when people become
hubristic that's right you're pissed
because the human experience is so
complex and so rich for anybody to stand
off and tell you this is how it's got to
be I just often so before we get into
any of the deep stuff I first want to
get something off the table because
obviously there's an elephant in the
room for those who know our history
together so the first time that we ever
met in person is when I was on your show
back on CNN Headline News and it became
sort of a cause to let because there was
an incident with Zoey terzo heats her as
a transgender woman a man who is in my
opinion believes he has a woman and and
doctor and doctor Drew was hosting the
show and in the middle there was a bit
of a conflagration when he started
calling me and suggesting I was a little
boy and I said what are your genetic sir
not you Zoey and and at that point I
remember you calling her sir and that's
what got her so it started off with me
and talking about genetics and then and
then Zoey saying you don't know anything
about genetics little boy and then me
responding well what are your genetics
sir and that led obviously to this big
kind of blow-up and a national story and
all the rest and the rest is history
and I I didn't produce it and I
apologize to you and to Zoey for putting
you in that position I had no idea that
was the direction it was gonna go but I
I do remember you know I've done a lot
of I've run a lot of groups in my son
and I know what groups are getting out
of control and his potential advise I
know how to jump in I know where to jump
in and and I also know where to let
things kind of play out and I felt
always felt like okay well that's kind
of I'm not quite out of my chair yet on
this one yeah if I if you felt like I
should have been I Pollock oh no no it
wasn't it wasn't on you and I didn't
blame you for any of that it was just a
very weird and odd circumstance I just
wanted to get that one off the table
doctor doesn't bother over each other no
yeah
everything's cool so okay so now I want
to talk a little bit let's just jump
into first some health issues and I want
to get into sort of your personal
philosophy so as a medical doctor and
somebody who as you were telling me
before the show now gets to spend your
days talking about things rather than
working five eight to ten P I want to
ask you about a couple of things that
seem to be plagued in the country so the
opioid epidemic is obviously a major
issue on a lot of people's minds and
there are a lot of debates over the
cause of this upswing and opioid use how
much do you think that the opioid
epidemic is a result of over
prescription from doctors and how much
it is a result of you know the the
influx of heroin into the city and or
more laps book dreamland yes okay that
that is how it happened
Sam Cano his book I talked to Sam and I
what I call him all I said is how did
you how did you get it so right because
I lived through that and I hate that
book describes it accurately it is
mostly perpetrated by my profession if
you look at the history of opiates we've
had two major opioid crises in this
country one was about 1880 after the
Civil War it's when we had the
hypodermic needle we created hibernate
we invented the hypodermic needle and
invented morphine sulfate
these are wonderful drugs for the first
time we could affect human suffering we
got carried away we created a bunch of
addicts we didn't know what to do we
treated it with methamphetamine and
cocaine and all kinds of other crazy
things we've always made the same
mistake which is we become
over-enthusiastic we don't understand
what addiction is we create a diction
and then we try to treat it with other
drugs we've made that mistake many many
times we're doing it again now this time
was extraordinary
there are multiplicity of forces that
came together created there was you know
the the insurance situation syringe
companies sort of took over the practice
of medicine everything had to be very
quick and there's no quicker way to end
an appointment than opening a
prescription pad that and the fact that
a group of physicians decided that they
would stake their reputation on the fact
that opioids are not addictive and you
could treat pain liberally pain became
the fifth vital signs the attorneys got
involved with that and started not just
suing doctors for malpractice but
criminally assuming them Sibley suing
them for inadequate treatment of pain
the state medical boards got involved
the Joint Commission on hospital
accreditation
all these forces came together and said
pain is as important as your pulse
and pain controls but the patient says
it is paying experience what the patient
says it is we have these great medicines
use them and you are a coward you're
actually a dangerous person if you don't
and so I was living through all that
trying to get everybody off them my
peers were putting them on them and I I
just will tell you was a catastrophe and
you would know 90% the opiates on earth
end up being prescribed in this country
and now we're beginning to find our way
out of it what happened was the heroin
problem as it was documented in
dreamland there was a group people
learned how to distribute it very
effectively at a time when my peers were
cutting off patients they were beginning
to learn that oh my god we were creating
drug addicts so as opposed to bringing
the patient into the office and going
look we didn't intend this I didn't mean
to make and had it we have now have a
second problem we have to get this
treated what my peers did was said
you're a bad patient you're you're
diverting your drugs you're overusing
your medicine you're out of my practice
well when you kick an opiate addict out
they're going somewhere and they're
going somewhere cheaper and better and
that was heroin
well what do you think the solution to
all this is because there's a lot of
talk about you know putting a lot of
government funding behind things and you
know it doesn't look like there's a very
clean solution and there's always
throwing money there's not and I want to
say to that that the the the soil in
which this thing take took place was
about us
right I mean there's a III I don't know
how else to describe it except to say
and this is a deeper conversation that
we are in the midst of a deep spiritual
vacuum in this country if not a crisis
and in a world where life has no meaning
and the interpersonal experiences void
and painful you're going for obvious
you're going for something yeah you're
going for par going for something try to
relieve it that's a different problem
you're the problem terms a solution your
question of a solution is very
controversial I spoke to the head of the
addiction program at Harvard just
yesterday for a podcast coming out soon
and he and I both believe that there
they've got to get behind mutual aid
societies which are available in every
corner in our free and he's publishing a
cochrane study that's going to show that
the outcome that these treatments mutual
aid societies like 12-step and smart
we're carving these sorts of things are
as effective or more so than any other
treatment in terms of sustaining
abstinence if abstinence is a realistic
goal
professional services are necessary and
be required but here's a free service
that is a good scientific basis it has
evidence basis in science and it's a
good treatment we got to get behind that
there are replacement therapies out
there like suboxone a methadone that
people are scaling up and I and I'm for
that it's just the excessive enthusiasm
is deeply concerning to me if you got
opiate addiction there I go to Opie
addiction we'd be trying to work on an
abstinence based program because you
wouldn't be able to do what you do
without being off everything
unfortunately we're taking half measures
with a lot of patients and and that may
be required they've made up yet there
may not be a realistic possibility of
surviving this disease and attaining
abstinence so as yes I'd like to go back
actually to the first thing that you
said I think that there there is a
deeper and more involved conversation
than yesterday obviously the residents
medical exactly it's it's interesting
but but it's you know treatable this
thing this thing III really for me
spirituality exists between humans I
sort of a Martin Buber
I did and now yeah I am though and and
although his thinking is kind of I think
more neurobiological about it and then I
do the way Boober thinks philosophically
about him but I do think that there's
something magical about the human
relationship the human experience and I
think there's a lot more that goes on
between and amongst people than we yet
even know and with that landscape of
connectedness and intimacy and parenting
and family has been forsaken for about
sixty years if enough forsaken demean
and the result has been a group of
adults that are empty and if you're
empty and you can't find meaning in
other people in relationships of being
service to other people are contributing
to society I don't know what we're doing
here so why do you think that happened
why do you think that 60 years ago there
was this breakdown in sort of
interpersonal really I have my own
theories I'd like to hear you does the
III will at some point I'm in this
conversation I don't have to tell you
about my theory but not theory but the
theories about how interpersonal
connectedness yes works narrow
biologically but why it happened my
suspicion
what you spend thinking about why you
know I mean if it's why my suspicion is
it was some sort of reaction of the the
world wars of the first half of the 20th
century that those were so traumatic and
the children of those wars somehow that
trauma was rained down upon them at the
same time we decided families or not
important relationships aren't important
or families don't matter or it takes a
village or whatever it is I mean
families are the cornerstone of
everything and have always been
throughout human history and every
culture on throughout time and whenever
that has fallen apart it has been to the
detriment of the society I can only
think of you know only extraordinarily
totalitarian systems like Sparta pulled
that off and they didn't pull it off for
long otherwise it is about the family
and we developed some sort of spiritual
some sort of philosophical political
idea I can't really think of where it
started or why it happened but it
certainly was there the 60s and 70s I
was like my theory so my theory is that
there I agree with you that in the
aftermath of both world wars there was
an existential angst and sort of washed
across the land but I think that a lot
of that existential angst had to do not
only with decline of religion which you
can see statistically taking a nosedive
after World War two but also having to
do with this unfulfilled longing for
community that had once been filled by
either religion or a bunch of bad
ideologies so the feeling of communal
purpose was lost and without that
communal purpose we saw ourselves as a
domestic individuals when you read
existentialist philosophy you know it's
always me versus the world right you
read Sartre and everything is about Here
I am in this chaotic universe as this
atomized human being grows it's my will
that's going to shapes it's going to
shape the world around me well that
doesn't leave a whole lot of room for a
connection with other human beings it
does leave a whole lot of room for for
you to be by yourself right and yet
though something unique happened in this
country because go to Italy or maybe not
Italy as a good example but there are
plenty of other certainly Western and
even Eastern European countries where
there was marked decline of religion but
the families remained who families
remained and and they did not have the
same kind of BS that we've had they've
not had it I mean when you go we have
then started filling ourselves with so
many things like money in cars and
extreme activities that that don't fill
that's a never-ending pit that we do
here in this country while there they
still have their families they still
have their family units the the
existentialism you're talking about I
mean you know I don't know how we go
down this path because I hate sergeant
but I would I like Heidegger okay I
don't like him yeah all right but his
philosophy is kind of interesting and
maybe really Husserl's where I believe
and the idea that there can be a
phenomenological explanation of our how
we put experience and being together
that's appealing that's it's interesting
so what so let's dumb that down for
people who don't know any of those
authors so what do you what do you mean
by that okay Oh Cyril wanted to make a
study of experience and being Heidegger
took that to another level
they sort of extrapolated from HUS role
and started talking about a being that
makes an issue of its being meaning the
human being and we're the only being on
earth that really makes an issue of
being and our existence I think
therefore I am it's IIM there yeah I am
I am in the world I'm being in the world
right and in a temporal frame and all
these things come together and he goes
way into outer space with it's a
wonderful intellectual exercise but it's
how we think about neurobiology now in a
way and what I want to say about that
neurobiology is that that we've moved
away from a single skull system you know
in the 90s we talked about the decade of
the brain there is a single skull we're
gonna understand how the brain works
turns out the brain does not work
without other brains and it really is
everything's in an interpersonal context
where does your self emerge but out of a
relationship with mom and dad and it
emerges out of this relationship there's
another phenomenon that is just poorly
discussed which is what people like me
call effect regulation the ability to be
okay on our own skin to be able to
regulate emotions so they're not too
prolonged too intense too negative and
it turns out that the normal interaction
normal frame for that to develop is it
starts with mom it starts being attuned
to and being the object of scrutiny and
learning that brains have content and
learning that when I have a feeling the
mom reflects that back to me on her face
and may offer me some soothing effects
alongside that that that frame of
closeness of intimacy is what that is
is really where
all meanings sort of resides in terms of
feeling good about life and feeling good
about yourself and experiencing yourself
that and then we can move away from that
and the regulate autonomously
well when we've been traumatized or when
traumas raining through entered
intergenerationally that close frame
become dangerous a lot of lot of
unpleasant material gets rained through
if not shattering material if physical
abuse sexual abuse obey intimate
whatever it might be and so the frame of
closeness in which we can find so much
meaning and satisfaction becomes a
dangerous place that we don't go to okay
so one I want to have you expand on that
a little bit in one second first I have
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so there's nobody on the
planet like you
thank God I mean could anyone stand to
of you but you need your own mattress
okay you need a mattress that is built
for you working with the world's leading
sleep experts you like sleep developed a
mattress that is customized to your
