Nike rewards Colin Kaepernick for
kneeling judge Brett Kavanaugh has his
day before the Senate and as president
Trump's tweets gain volume anti-trump
commentators used John McCain's funeral
to slam the president I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show well the
news cycle just keeps on going doesn't
matter that you took the weekend off the
news did not take the weekend off and so
we are back here to review all of it
with you and we'll go through all of it
in just one second but first let me
remind you that our national debt is
twenty one trillion dollars in counting
that is greater than the entire economic
output of the United States if your
entire life savings is tied to the US
dollar should ask yourself this what
happens if the government says to
inflate its way out of debt hedge
against inflation hedge against
uncertainty and instability with
precious metals gold is indeed a safe
haven against uncertainty my savings
plan is diversified and yours should be
as well the company I trust with
precious metals purchases is as you know
Birch gold group and right now thanks to
a little-known IRS tax law you can even
move that IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
which is perfect for some who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from future geopolitical
uncertainty when you look back
historically what you see is when the
bottom falls out of everything else gold
tends to safeguard savings Birch gold
group has thousands of satisfied
customers countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau so the question you should be
asking yourself is what is your plan for
diversification you all know about Birch
Gold's free information kit
but for a limited time qualified
purchases can earn up to an additional
10 grand and precious metals for free
through September 30th to find out if
your purchase will qualify contact Birch
gold now go to Birch gold calm / Ben
talk to Birch gold rep mention I say you
ask all your questions and then when you
have all your answers invest with
birchgold.com / Ben right now the offer
runs until September 30th terms of
limitations to apply ask their sales
representatives for details all right so
we begin today with Nike so actually you
know what let's not be given Mikey
screw that let's start with the let's
started the judicial hearing so this
morning Brett Kavanaugh who's the the
judge who's now being appointed by
President Trump to the Supreme Court of
the United States was scheduled to have
his opening hearing at the Senate
Judiciary Committee now all of this is a
giant waste of time it's a giant waste
of time and has been for 40 years
because number one nobody actually wants
the answers to their questions instead
we just go through this rigmarole to
pretend that these judges don't already
know what they're going to decide on
certain cases and then we ask them and
then they lie and then they go on the
court and they do exactly what we all
thought they were gonna do before unless
they're a Republican appointee in which
it half the cases they do exactly the
opposite of what we thought they were
going to do before in any case Bret
Kevin
is a textualist he's somebody who takes
the text of the Constitution seriously
and that means that the Democrats oppose
him how do we know they oppose him well
because they've said so senator Cory
Booker has already come out and opposed
to him senator Kamala Harris from
California she's already come forward
and opposed him but that's not going to
stop the Democrats from pretending that
the real reason they don't want to give
Brett Kavanaugh a vote is because they
just don't have enough information on
Brett Kavanaugh so they say we need
millions of pages of everything that
Brett Cavanaugh has ever written in
order for us to determine whether he
should sit on the Supreme Court of the
United States again this is a stupid
line considering they have already come
out preemptively and said that they
don't support Brett Kavanaugh for the
Supreme Court of the United States well
once you've said that what's the point
of these hearings now they're doubly
useless number one even if we were gonna
pretend that they were useful you're not
really seeking answers from these
prospective justices and number two when
you've already said you're voting
against the guy are we supposed to take
your prata stations seriously that if
you don't get the materials you're not
going to vote in favor of Brett
Kavanaugh so naturally the whole thing
devolved into farce remember the only
reason Republicans can ram through the
Justice they want right now is because
Harry Reid the former Senate Majority
Leader when he was in power from 2008
till 2010 Harry Reid rammed through
actually it was all the way until 2014
Harry Reid rammed through a process by
which you could through the workings of
51 votes in the Senate get your judicial
nominee he invoked the in 2013 he
invoked the so-called nuclear option
which allowed a ruling from the Senate
Senate Rules Committee that or the
Senate parliamentarian that allowed 51
votes to elevate someone to the Supreme
Court or to any federal court and now
Republicans have just reversed that
process and now they're doing the same
thing that Harry Reid sought to do this
of course has the Democrats fighting mad
and legitimately screaming when I say
legitimately screaming I mean like they
are actually screaming so this is what
it sounded like inside the Senate
Judiciary Committee when Orrin Hatch
opened the actual process and things
went wildly off the rails I welcome
everyone to this confirmation hearing on
the nomination of mr. Brett Kavanaugh
mr. chairman to serve as associate
justice mr. chairman before we
see mr. chairman I'd like to be
recognized to ask a question before we
proceed the committee received just last
night less than 15 hours ago four
thousand pages of documents that we have
not had an opportunity to review we
cannot be recognized I move to adjourn
the American people Chairman I move to
adjourn directly okay so this is all a
bunch of nonsense chuck Grassley is the
Republican senator who's in charge of
that that was Kamala Harris that you
heard there who was saying that she
received all these documents except that
as I mentioned she has already come out
against the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh so what are the documents
gonna do change her vote in favor of
Brett Kavanaugh of course this is a
bunch of nonsense and then you have Ron
Wyden who's jumping in there and you
have Senator Richard Blumenthal who's
jumping in there a bunch of different
Democratic senators saying well we move
to adjourn guess what buddy you don't
have the votes so this is a waste of
time
what Grassley should have done is you
should have said listen since you're
making a mockery of this we're just
gonna skip the hearing and vote him out
of committee we can save everybody a
month
we'll save everybody a month of time and
stupid effort and instead we'll just
vote the guy directly out of committee
and down to the floor and then we can
have a vote and this guy can be sitting
on the Supreme Court by the end of the
week because that's where this is going
instead we're gonna waste a month with
all of this bureaucratic nonsense or
Democrats opposed because they have to
oppose and Republicans vote for him and
that's the end of the story but I do
enjoy
I do enjoy the theatrics they kind of
Kabuki theater of all this the real
reason that all of these Democrats who
are running for president want the
hearings is they can have their there
there's sort of Ronald Reagan 1980
moment in the 1980 primaries there's a
thing as the New Hampshire primary
debate there's a point where Ronald
Reagan was debating George HW Bush and
he had paid for part of the sponsorship
of the debate and they tried to cut off
his mic and he said I paid for this
microphone mr. Brean and the crowd
erupted it was this big moment all these
Democrats are looking for that except in
the Senate Judiciary Committee they're
all looking for that moment where they
get to say to Brett Kavanaugh you sir
are representative of the regime from
The Handmaid's tell you okay so people
were actually being dragged out I am not
kidding kicking and screaming from the
hearing room a bunch of the folks on the
left
to dress up in hats and handmade
stell costumes they were actually
brought out by their hands and feet like
carried out by their hands and feet
because they were screaming about judge
Brett Kavanaugh wait until President
Trump gets to replace Ruth Bader
Ginsburg on the Supreme Court if you
want to see people burn stuff down
because they're almost doing it for
Brett Kavanaugh who it should be
remembered is replacing Antonin Scalia
another conservative on the court it is
a replacement of a of a originalist by a
originalist she's probably a little bit
softer than Antonin Scalia and yet we're
getting all of this hootenanny
this hot and bothered from from the left
it's really insane I know that they
think under Article 47 of the
Constitution of the United States
there's a wining clause that allows them
to wind their way into obstructing this
but there's no way for them to actually
obstruct this so it's all a waste of
time it's all virtue signaling nonsense
and again all of these judicial hearings
annoy me in the first place because if
somebody were to give an honest answer
they would immediately be ruled out of
order by the Senate we know this because
when Robert Bork gave honest answers
back in the 1980s he was not put on the
Supreme Court for answering honestly
questions about for example Roe vs. Wade
and this led Democrats to quote-unquote
Bork him it became a term of art and now
Democrats do this with anybody who tells
the actual answers to the questions
which we all know okay as a lawyer as a
constitutional lawyer who spent time
talking constitutional law with a wide
variety of experts on the subject and so
I'm not gonna drop my grades I'm not
gonna drop my grades from Harvard Law
like a-plus in constitutional law let's
just say that constitutional law is a
thing I am into okay as somebody who has
studied it for a very long time to
pretend the judges who sit before these
committees don't have extraordinarily
set views on the nature of precedent and
on the nature of particular cases is
just silly but we all sit there and we
pretend anyway because supposedly this
makes our country better in some way it
doesn't they should just vote him out of
committee there's just vote amount to
the Supreme Court we should all
recognize this for what it is a partisan
exercise and it would be a partisan
exercise if the Democrats were to do it
also the Supreme Court has become a
partisan tool because the left made it a
partisan tool decades ago and now the
right is responding by simply trying to
appoint originalist to the bench over
the hoots and howls of insane Democrats
and meanwhile the culture war continues
to polarize the big story over the
weekend is that Nike in a viral piece of
marketing decided that it was deep
necessary to reward colin kaepernick so
you remember colin kaepernick he's at a
relevant backup quarterback from 2016
who made a name for himself by kneeling
for the national anthem and let us
recall that Colin Kaepernick had already
been made a backup quarterback so I
think it was Blaine Gabbert in in San
Francisco in other words he was a
garbage quarterback he's one of the
lowest rated quarterbacks in the NFL I
think he was at the time he was benched
the lowest rated quarterback in the NFL
I got a 32 starting quarterbacks he's
number 32 and Colin Kaepernick was
benched and then in the preseason of
2016 before Trump was president he
started to kneel for the national anthem
it is also to be remembered that Colin
Kaepernick who said he was kneeling for
the national anthem to protest
widespread police brutality or some such
nonsense
he's the kind of person who was wearing
on practice field socks with pictures of
cops as pigs
there's legitimately pictures of pigs
with cop hats on them because this is
what he thinks of police officers this
guy who grew up actually pretty
privileged he was adopted and he grew up
in a pretty privileged area of
California it's it's all kind of
ridiculous it's all kind of ridiculous
but Colin Kaepernick was made into a
national hero by the left which thinks
that it is a Muhammad Ali like stance to
kneel for the national anthem
hey did this in 2016 become a national
issue president Trump commented on it as
a candidate it was very polarizing most
Americans opposed at kneeling for the
anthem but there's a heavy segment
particularly in the black community that
supported Colin Kaepernick kneeling for
the national anthem there's a very big
racial gap and the polling numbers are
kneeling for the national anthem so
Colin Kaepernick was offered in 2017 a
or in 2016 he was offered the chance to
join the Denver Broncos John Elway
announced this in 2018 he was asked
about picking up Colin Kaepernick and he
said I said this a while ago Colin had
his chance to be here we offered him a
contract and he didn't take it oh it was
referring to the 2016 season Denver
tried to trade for Kaepernick who's
under contract at the 49ers at a time
the quarterback would not agree to a
restructured deal with Denver and then
the Broncos selected a couple of backup
quarterbacks and he lost his opportunity
and it turned out nobody really wanted
the headache of Colin Kaepernick not
just because of the publicity
although publicity is something you have
to take into account when you are a
national football league team but also
because he's just not a very good
quarterback because Colin Kaepernick
after basically once
Killer season fell off the map and
that's not unusual they're a bunch of
quarterbacks in the NFL who've had one
great season then fallen off the map and
this has nothing to do with politics
I remember rg3 who's a quarterback in in
in Washington for the Redskins had one
fantastic season and then he sort of
fell off the map and that's not unusual
again once people figure out your sort
of tricks as a quarterback it's
difficult to recover and that's sort of
what happened to Kaepernick overall but
Kaepernick played his way out of a
starting job and then once he was on the
bench he started kneeling for the
national anthem it is now two years
later and this conversation has not
ceased since it has continued to be a
thorn in the side of the NFL ever since
because the NFL didn't take strict
action against it and we'll talk about
the latest iteration of this controversy
in just one second but first let's talk
about the food that you are shoveling
into your face so blue apron is gonna
get you better food ok blue apron is
gonna get you tastier food and more
importantly blue apron is going to bring
all the ingredients to you with the
recipe and you can cook it at home with
your kids you can maybe be making
gourmet dinner in as little as twenty
minutes with quick and easy recipe
options with insanely delicious flavors
perfectly portioned ingredients
delivered directly to your door you skip
the meal planning and shopping you get
straight to cooking with blue apron it
really is an amazing meal delivery
service and they offer a range of
recipes bursting with flavor
whether you're looking for those quick
and easy meals where a full kuelen Airy
cooking experience blue apron lets you
choose from a range of recipe options
chef's designed recipes exciting
September partnerships Bob burgers
inspired and whole thirty approved so
check out this week's menu your first
three meals for free at blue apron comm
slash Shapiro that's blue apron comm
slash up hero and get your first three
meals for free I'm looking at some of
these meals and again you're gonna be
cooking like you're a four-star chef
look it was pasta and creamy tomato
sauce crispy chicken tenders and mashed
potatoes all this stuff looks gourmet
you're cooking at yourself with your
family it's just great blue apron is
indeed a better way to cook go check it
out get three meals for free your first
three meals free at blue apron comm
slash Shapiro so go check that up right
now so the latest iteration of the Colin
Kaepernick controversy because it has
continued all the way till now President
Trump I said I didn't think you should
get involved in this he did as president
because he likes this culture war he
thinks it's a good culture war to fight
he thinks he wins this culture war and
he's likely right he does win this
culture war but at the cost of
polarizing the debate a little bit more
when President Trump took office some 75
sense of Americans thought kneeling for
the national anthem was bad now that
number is in the low 60s last time I
checked a lot of that has to do with
president Trump's polarizing personality
with all of that said the media have
latched on to the national anthem
controversy and they have not let go
since the NFL has done a horrible job of
killing the controversy instead of just
killing it at the outset by saying
listen you don't get to kneel for the
anthem you're fine you want to protest
on in your office in your off hours
enjoy but you don't get to do it on our
fields instead of them doing that they
allowed it to happen they'd allow her to
fester and it ended up hurting the NFL
in a pretty serious way the ratings for
the NFL have been in decline for the
last two years it's been a serious image
issue for the NFL well now Nike is
jumping into the fray so Nike decided
that they are going to do the this this
huge ad campaign that is going to focus
on Colin Kaepernick he is part of the
30th anniversary of Nikes just do it
campaign and here is what the ad looks
like it's a picture of Colin Kaepernick
a close-up of his face in black and
white and says believe in something even
if it means sacrificing everything and
then there's the Nike swoosh it says
just do it okay so there's so many
elements of this that are just
fabulously ironic first of all this
social justice warrior campaign to sell
sneakers produced by small children in
Vietnam presumably it's kind of
hilarious watching the entire left
resonates around a huge billion dollar
company a huge corporation that
allegedly exploits child labor in
third-world countries because hey Colin
Kapernick that's pretty hilarious it is
also kind of hilarious that the slogan
itself believe in something even if it
means sacrificing everything it's a
really dumb slogan in fact it's
basically Thanos his slogan from
Avengers infinity wars believe in
something even if it means sacrificing
half of humanity what you believe is
actually the key issue I mean if we're
actually gonna take that slogan
seriously believe in something even if
