is Donald Trump a racist we will talk
about it plus the me2 movement goes
completely off the rails and Hawaii
apparently almost got nude or not really
but things went wrong we'll talk about
that as well i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
[Music]
so today is a day that America
celebrates a great man's birthday mine
no I'm just joking it's Martin Luther
King Day it is also my birthday but of
course today is Martin Luther King Day
and I have some Martin Luther King Day
recommendations a little bit later in
the show
I also want to get to everything Trump
related the fact that Hawaii is not
under nuclear assault as well as this
crazy story that somebody put forward
about Aziz Ansari the comedian he's
really obnoxious as he's done sorry but
the implication that he's on sorry some
sort of incipient rapist and that we all
have to lump him in with the rest of the
me2 movement the mean to movement is
really going overboard at this point
something I have feared for a while I'll
talk about all of that first I want to
say thank you to our new sponsors over
at Legal Zoom so right now your thing
about starting a new business or you're
thinking about having to will or think
about having to is an estate plan well
LegalZoom is for you plus if you need
legal advice Legal Zoom is for you they
can help make this a memorable year
before all the distractions take hold
this is the year you finally get serious
about launching and running your
business and the legal part of your
business is a very expensive part of
your business unless you are going to my
friends at Legal Zoom Legal Zoom has
been helping people like you take care
of their dreams and responsibilities for
more than 16 years look I'm a lawyer I
know how much it costs for legal
services and Legal Zoom is far less
expensive and it's just as good they
have all the forms that you need they
have people who are there giving advice
to you when you get a subscription plan
they're not a law firm but they have the
resources to keep you on the right path
including advice from their network of
independent attorneys all at your
fingertips so whether you want to take
your business to the next level or take
control of your family's future with
that estate plan Legal Zoom plugs right
into your life so you can take care of
the things that matter most again as a
lawyer I've used Legal Zoom myself it's
that good get off to a strong start
legalzoom.com today Legal Zoom calm and
you get special savings when you enter
been in the promo box at checkout so use
that promo code Ben you will get some
special deals and discounts on their
services plus when you go to
legalzoom.com use promo code Ben that
lets them know that we sent you as well
again Legal Zoom where life meets legal
and again your business is gonna cost a
lot of money if you go to lawyers who
charge 500 bucks an hour that is not the
deal the Legal Zoom and it's just as
good in most cases so go to
legalzoom.com today and again use that
special promo code Ben at checkout and
get a discount as well alrighty so over
the weekend the media have decided that
pres
Trump's a racist now that's no different
from any other weekend every weekend the
media decide the President Trump is
racist now some weekends they have more
material than others to call President
Trump a racist now let me start with
this I want to start by talking about
what makes someone a racist what makes
someone racist so I think there are a
few different ways to look at this one
is a person whose entire worldview is
inherently racist so this would be like
the Richard Spencer a group of people
people who think that black people are
innately inferior more prone to
criminality have lower IQs but not that
that had not not in terms of it's not
racist to suggest that black folks on
average may have lower IQs because race
racial groups differentiate but that
that is a natural thing and that that
has behavioral consequences that cannot
be cured by culture right there that you
run this really dicey territory there
but the idea that that you believe that
black people are innately inferior the
morally inferior that they are they're
inferior by dint of their skin color and
their genetics right that is racist okay
that's what racism is Richard Spencer is
one type of racism then there are people
who say racist things right you say a
racist thing so when President Trump for
example said that he didn't condemn the
KKK and didn't know who they were that
was a racist thing in my view I talked
about it at the time and then people say
race' al Sharpton when when he says
things about Jews that are racist or
anti-semitic those are anti-semitic
things to say when people do racist
things when people discriminate against
black people in their businesses or
discriminate against black people in
their housing right these are racist
things but I think that what the media
are trying to do right now is use the
term racist and label people racists are
not actions not activities I'm always
hesitant to label anyone overtly racist
it said the person themselves is
completely racist unless we are
suggesting that their entire worldview
is dominated by racism now there are
racists obviously whose entire worldview
is not dominated by racism but when it
comes to public policy when it comes to
public figures we have to determine
what's the usefulness of saying whether
somebody is a racist or not now there
are three reasons why you would say
somebody is a racist and I'm gonna get
to why I'm talking about this and all
this all of this in a second there are
three reasons why you might suggest that
somebody is racist one it's just true
you're saying it because you apply it
across the spectrum when someone holds
racist views then you are going to call
it out al Sharpton is a ray
and you think Donald Trump is racist or
Al Sharpton is a racist and and and
Richard Spencer is a racist and Jared
Taylor is a racist right you're going to
try and call out racism wherever you see
it and you're going to label people
racist based on their worldview hey
that's reason number one reason number
two is because you're trying to use
racism as a baton to wield against
somebody so this is when people suggest
that everybody on the right is a racist
and that's why they can't be trusted
right there's just a political baton
that you're using to wield against
somebody because racism is the most
dangerous charge you can throw against
somebody in public life right that if
you shout somebody's racist you never
have to listen to them again that's the
idea here okay and then there's reason
number three once you label somebody a
racist overall once you say that Donald
Trump for example is a racist which is
what the media have been saying over the
weekend once you say Donald Trump is
racist then what you are doing what
you're doing is allowing yourself the
ability to avoid evaluating individual
instances of racism it allows you the
ability to avoid saying whether he just
did something racist or whether maybe
there is another reason so for example
if you think Donald Trump is a racist
now every time you talk about his
immigration policy you don't actually
have to evaluate whether the immigration
policy is bad or good whether it is
being driven by racial considerations or
whether it is just a immigration policy
that makes sense for a variety of other
reasons once you call somebody a racist
it allows you the ability to avoid
saying what you think is it good or bad
about a policy right it allows you to
paint with a broad brush so this brings
us to Trump's statements last week as we
talked about at length on Friday
president Trump is now accused by a
bunch of Democrats and at least one
Republican Lindsey Graham of saying that
people from bleep whole countries should
not come to the United States now there
are two ways to read that comment as I
talked about on Friday way one to read
it is the racist way you're from Haiti
therefore you don't belong here because
Haitians cannot assimilate and Haitians
are stupid and bad and dirty and have
AIDS right that's that that that's sort
of the racist way of reading what Trump
said and that links in with some
accusations the aids come it
particularly links into an accusation
made about Trump in the New York Times
back in June in which Trump supposedly
said that all Haitians have AIDS okay
that that was disputed by the White
House they deny that comments entirely
and you don't know what to believe
because it was it was anonymously
sourced okay that is way one of reading
it that Trump was saying I don't want
more black people here
more Haitians here I don't want more
people from Ghana here get them out
they're the wrong color they're the
wrong race they're the wrong ethnicity
therefore they should leave right that's
way one of reading this and people
reading Trump's comments in light of
what he said about Mexican judges for
example they will say obviously this is
an instance of racism because the
president is a racist okay then there's
way to of reading the comments which is
Trump was specifically talking about the
diversity video the diversity Visa
Lottery where we determine by country
who to let in and he was saying why do
we need more people from Ghana as
opposed to more people from Great
Britain why do we need more people from
Russia as opposed to more people from
Great Britain if you're going to make
differentiations among countries then we
have to have a hierarchy of countries
that we give priority to why would we
have less people from South Korea when
we could have more people from South
Korea and fewer people from Haiti right
that's way to of reading it and that one
is not really racist it's not really
even bigoted that way is is trying to
force people into thinking about which
countries are most likely to provide
citizens who are most likely to
assimilate to American values hey that's
the way to have reading it now how do
you read that comment is basically a
Rorschach test on what you think of
Trump but what's happened is that the
media have been so determined bound and
determined to hit Trump with the racist
charge and read his comments in light of
this background that he's racist that
this prevents them from actually having
to make an argument about the diversity
Visa Lottery or about policy I think
there's some ulterior motives going on
in any case so let's go through this
first let's point out a bunch of
Republicans denied the Trump Senate now
Republicans denying the Trump said it
I've been pretty weak on this stuff so
sonny perdue who is or who is a senator
or sorry David Perdue not sonny Perdue
David Perdue who is the senator from
Georgia he was in the room when Trump
apparently said this stuff and he denies
the Trump ever said this stuff what he
is really saying and what the
Republicans are saying is that Trump
didn't say that these people come from
bleep whole countries he said they come
from bleep house countries which makes
no difference whatsoever so that's the
peg you're gonna hang your hat on forget
about it
here is a David Perdue denying the Trump
ever said this stuff those comments have
been confirmed by multiple sources
you're saying it didn't happen multiple
sources there were six of us in the room
I haven't heard any of those six sources
other than Senator Durbin talk about
what was said
basically accurate well that's the
you'll have to deal with him but
basically as an operative word the
trouble here is that Senator Durbin came
and brought a proposal and let's put
this in perspective I want to but you're
saying you're saying flat-out
definitively the president did not say
those words I'm saying that this is a
gross misrepresentation it's not the
first time Senator Durbin has done it
and it is not productive to solve it one
day so there's denial happening from
Purdue Tom cotton also was asked about
this he also denied the Trump said this
and then he was grilled whether dick
Durbin the senator from Illinois was
lying about it here's what cotton had to
say what Senator Durbin senator Graham
proposed is to expand our country of
origin and quota based system the
president reacted strongly against that
as he should and I do as well because we
want to get away from a country of
origin system that treats people as
Nigerians or Norwegians and treats them
as individuals and doctors and
scientists and computer programmers and
so forth I understand your sentiment
you're quite clear on that but the
president sentiment you're saying in all
of these meetings there was never an
instance in which he did what you're
saying just and when he grouped John in
it in his in his tweets and his
interviews and his public statements
just Tuesday when we had the large
meeting the Cabinet Room he repeatedly
insists that we need to move to a skills
basis we're in the room where it happens
so you're saying in that room you didn't
hear any of this sort of lumping
everybody together is that what you're
saying I did not hear derogatory
comments about individuals or persons
okay so he's basically not denying the
account he's just he's accounting for it
the way that I accounted for right he's
trying to explain away what from said
using this explanation I don't find it
completely implausible now in a second
I'm going to explain what the New York
Times is saying about this right well
the New York Times are trying to do is
create this backdrop or Trump is racist
so we don't even have to evaluate
whether the statement itself was racist
we don't have to evaluate whether Trump
was saying something terrible we can
just call him a racist overall get to
that in just one second first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
wink so you know right now you are
you're sitting at home and you're
thinking yourself I could use a bottle
of wine because let's face it the
holidays are over we're getting back
into the work year and you want to relax
with a nice bottle of wine or you have
to go over to somebody's house tonight
and you want to bring a bottle of wine
but you don't know anything about wine I
mean you're more likely to go down to
the local liquor store just pick up a
bottle of Manischewitz and bring it
there and it tastes like cough syrup
instead what you ought to be
is going over to wink its winc wink
makes it easy to discover great wine
winks wine experts selected wines
matched to your taste personalized for
you shipped right to your door and
starting just $13 a bottle they'll send
you a personalized gift card and let
your recipient choose their wine as well
okay here's how it works you go over to
linked calm and then you check out their
palate profile quiz they asked a bunch
of simple questions they profile you and
then finally they ask they'll ask you
things like how do you take your coffee
how do you feel about blueberries and
then determining kind of what you like
to drink what you like to eat they send
wines curated to your taste and every
month there are new delicious wines like
the insane you're insanely popular
summer water rose a people around the
office are consistently drunk from rum
wink and that is why they the quality of
the shows declined so markedly in recent
weeks but if you check it out try wink
calm slash mint tea ry winc comm slash
man you get $20 off your first shipment
that's try winked calm t ry winc calm
slash been for twenty bucks off again
try blink comm slash been not only are
gonna get get a great bottle of wine
it's gonna be personalized at just to
you so try blink comm slash man again
shipping it's complimentary if you don't
like a bottle they'll send you they
replace it with a bottle you love no
questions asked which is pretty awesome
try winked comm so I spend twenty bucks
off your first shipment okay so check
that out alright so as I say yea there
there are a couple of different ways to
read Trump's comments and the goal of
the media here is to make it seem as
though there's only one way to read
Trump's comment the way in the most
racist light possible the most racist
like possible now listen as I say I
don't think it's implausible that Trump
said something racist here I don't write
me love I think had a had a solid take
on this the representative whose parents
are from Haiti she was speaking on State
of the Union with tapper on Siena and
and here's what she had to say
Republican from Utah what do you say to
the Haitian American who comes to you
and says congresswoman I think the
president's racist well here's what I
say my parents have always taught me not
to be a victim my parents have taught me
that no matter what somebody else feels
that's their problem not mine
that I'm not the one that's flawed when
somebody feels some way about me because
of the way I look or my gender or
whatever that is where the comments
racist do you think well yeah I think
they were yes I think that there were
unfortunate I don't know if they were
taken I I wasn't in the room I know the
comments were made I don't know which
context they were made I'm looking
forward to finding out what happened but
more importantly I'm looking forward to
it okay so the reason that she hesitates
before she says yes is because again
there are two plausible reads it's not
just because Republicans are trying to
avoid the implication that the President
of the United States is a racist it's
also because there are actually ways of
reading that statement that are not
racist but well the New York Times is
trying to do is now create a narrative
whereby Trump is racist so everything
that he says must now be seen in that
light now do I think that president
Trump's entire ideology is dominated by
a belief about the differences between
races I don't believe that I don't and I
don't see that in President Trump I
think the president Trump's has
dunderheaded things I think he's like a
1960s al Archie Bunker type who has a
route level of disdain for people for
groups but then it's individuals he
overcomes that that's that's my general
take on him maybe I'm wrong but that's
that's my psychological rate I don't
like doing psychological reads on people
typically because again it prevents you
from actually doing a read on particular
instances of what the people are saying
so here's what I went to I keep setting
the earth time so today the New York
Times has a long piece by David Leon
Hart who is one of the assistant op-eds
over at the New York Times called Donald
Trump's racism the definitive list
okay this follows hard on a piece from
Charles blow call just say at trumpet
sorry by Leonhardt called just say at
Trump is a racist in that piece
Leonhardt a couple days ago wrote is it
possible to defend some of his racially
charged statements by pointing out that
something other than race might explain
them sure is it possible that he doesn't
think of himself as a racist who views
white people as superior to non-white
people
yes but the definition of a racist the
