Media malfeasance is out of control
president Trump moves to man bump stocks
and we examine the other gun proposals
are on the table talk about all of it
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show
[Music]
all righty so we have a lot to get to
today the media had just been utterly
irresponsible in their coverage of the
entire parkland situation they are
obviously pushing for gun control there
are no many specific proposals but
they're pushing as hard as humanly
possible for gun control nonetheless I
wanna talk about all of that including a
smear by the huffington post against me
personally a bunch of other smears
against people who are pro-gun rights
across the board and I want to talk a
little bit about some people on the
right who have made fools of themselves
over the last couple of days but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at legacy box so if you are
interested in preserving your family's
memories which everyone should be legacy
box is the way to do it I mean when as
you get older especially how kids one of
the things that you spend a lot of time
thinking about is I wish I could
remember when that happened and that's
why you take all those pictures right
but then those pictures go into storage
maybe you printed them out and you stuck
them in the garage somewhere all the
stuff from when you were kids certainly
is like that all the stuff from when
your parents were kids absolutely is
like that they're all on eight
millimeter or on old film well that's
what legacy boxes for so legacy box
sends a box to your house you take all
of those materials you label you put a
shipping label on each of them and put a
little bar code on each of them you take
all of that you send it back to legacy
box and they take all of those materials
and they put it on an easy-to-access
thumb drive or on a DVD for you so that
you have access to the stuff at all
times and you've just boiled down boxes
and boxes of material into something you
can carry around on a keychain it is a
fantastic fantastic service and a deeply
important one because you don't want to
lose those memories it's never too early
to start spring cleaning too so if you
want to make sure that you've cleaned
out your garage this is a good way to
start you get the originals back and a
couple of leaks with everything on a DVD
or thumb drive ready to enjoy share and
relive over 350,000 families have
trusted legacy box and right now for a
limited time you can say 40% at legacy
box comm slash Ben that's legacy box
comm slash spending at 40% off and again
you can get it started for 45 bucks
right now at legacy box comm slash been
fantastic fantastic service I've used it
my family has used it you should do it
for a parent she'd do it for a loved one
shooter for yourself and it's just a
great way to preserve all those memories
that otherwise will be lost so go to
legacy box comm slash Ben couldn't
endorse this service more highly legacy
box comm slash Ben also so that they
know that we sent you an to get that
forty percent off and again the packages
start at just $45 all right so I was
gonna start today by discussing all of
the various go
proposals that are on the table but
instead the media have forced me to
discuss their absolute malfeasance
throughout this entire debacle after the
tragedy and the and the evil horror of
what happened at parkland the media's
first move was to jump to the suggestion
that everyone who disagreed with them on
gun control was of course in asking me
now this is nothing new and I sort of
got famous off of saying exactly this to
Piers Morgan because Piers Morgan was
famous for doing this I said to him that
he was standing on the graves of the
kids at Sandy Hook to push his agenda
and the media continued to do this
tonight of course CNN is supposed to
have a big town hall event where they
have a bunch of the students from
Parkland we'll see if they have any of
the students from power plants who are
not in favor of gun control the answer
is probably not but the media have been
using these students in order to push
their gun control agenda now I have
never attempted to smear the students
themselves I've never said that the
students don't have a right to speak I
have never insulted the students pain
I've never insulted what the students
went through but because I say that you
ought to have expertise on the topic if
we're going to take you seriously this
is enough to get you labeled a smear of
the students so Huffington Post led the
way last night they put up a headline
that looked like this and it's just
egregious it says survivors mirrors with
a picture of me personally and says some
conservatives are trying to discredit
outspoken Florida shooting survivors I
have not tried to discredit any shooting
survivor
I have not smeared at any any shooting
survivor that's absurd it's insulting
and it's disgusting the only thing that
I have said about the shooting survivors
is the same thing that I said about
Jimmy Kimmel when it came to him
bringing his son on the show after his
son went through an open-heart surgery
which is just because you went through
suffering does not make you an expert on
a particular topic this has been my
consistent stance on virtually every
event of major consequence in the United
States for my entire career is that just
because he went through something
doesn't mean that you have been
conferred with certain expertise and
that's what I wrote over at National
Review I had a long piece on it I
discussed it on the show but the idea
that that is disrespect to the students
to suggest that perhaps they don't know
all the details what they're talking
about or at the very least they have to
show expertise in the topic for me to
take their opinions more seriously I'm
happy to take their opinions on what
pain and suffering of people who've gone
through a difficult situation looks like
yeah they are experts and having gone
through a traumatic situation so I'm
happy to hear their advice on what it's
like to go through a traumatic situation
in fact I think that's deeply important
stuff for people to hear but I'm not
willing to to sacrifice the the point
public policy on the basis of I went
through something bad because that makes
for bad public policy good public policy
is not based on empathy good public
policy is based on reason and logic but
that of course is enough to get you
labeled a smear of the survivors
according to the mainstream media and
they've been doing this for days I mean
for days and days and days they've been
doing this promoting lies about gun
control promoting lies about people who
oppose gun control and for example Van
Jones
who I personally know and I like van
he's an opinion host but he retweeted
may a tweet from a woman named Laurie
shoot who tweeted common denominators
for mass shooters white males under 30 a
ar-15s Republicans so first of all maybe
ar-15s maybe not that a bunch of other
weapons that have been used in these
mass shootings but there is no indicator
that these mass shooters were
Republicans even if you want to say that
the powerclean shooter was a Republican
because there's a picture of him more
than a maganet
well earlier this year or late last year
we had a shooting in a congressional
baseball game from Bernie Sanders
supporter that didn't mean that Bernie
Sanders was responsible for the shooting
of the Congressional baseball players
that's absurd
but Van Jones retweeted that anyway and
that's not the only example of the media
covering themselves in glory Chris Cuomo
earlier this morning made a fool of
himself by tweeting something out that
was patently false that Chris Cuomo
tweeted out a story from an account
called Cody Davis I guess us a photo
dude and the tweet said quote I was able
to buy an ar-15 in five minutes I'm 20
and my ID is expired well there's only
one problem that never happened
according to the article at self quote
after the sales representative walked me
through the paperwork all five pages of
it I told him I changed my mind and
wanted to think more before I bought an
ar-15 he told me it wasn't a problem and
listed the store hours if I wanted to
come back and then said thank you and
walked back to my car so in other words
he didn't present an ID and no gun was
offered to him he said that he wasn't
going to present an ID he left this
stored that was the end of the story it
didn't matter Chris Cuomo tweeted out
Eli that he was offered an ar-15 without
photo ID now when he was called on this
Chris Cuomo over at Siena and the the
the block of wood who who attempts to
resemble him and being over at CNN Chris
Cuomo actually tweeted out isn't the
point that the kids age and lack of ID
wasn't the deterrent and this isn't all
gun shops place I bought my shotgun
basically goes farther than law requires
and makes judgments about whom to sell
to point is the system should be better
well
why and the system worked here he didn't
try to eat and get a gun I'm wondering
that they ran a federal background check
if you go to a federally licensed
firearms dealer in the United States
according to federal law they must run a
federal background check for a criminal
record as well as mental health record
by the way the problem is that these
records are not fully transparent
sometimes the information is not
conveyed down to the federal government
to the FBI so charles cook over at
national review called cuomo on this he
said the point is that the kid lied
about buying a gun that you didn't and
now you're lying - so Cuomo immediately
misdirected - an unrelated topic he said
lying if you want to fight back against
background checks make the case whether
it is calling the kids actors are lying
about how no laws could stop the
shootings that is the BS to call out 97%
of people want better checks why fight
that well it's a complete misdirect that
has nothing to do with the fact that
Chris Cuomo and respected objective news
source tweeted out something that is
objectively false it is just not true
now in a second I'm going to talk about
the stupidity of people on the right who
are pushing myths about the about like
people who actually are smearing this
school the school shooting survivors by
suggesting that one of them particularly
a guy named David Hogg is 17 years old
is some sort of crisis actor they're
putting out this video that shows that
he was interviewed by a local CBS News
in Los Angeles a few months back over
some incident where he was a witness and
they're saying well this shows that he
was a child actor because he was out in
Los Angeles and so he's acting well he
was at the shooting whether he is a
child actor or not makes no difference I
have no evidence that he is what the
hell are you talking about is the
suggestion that he's being paid for his
perspective I mean my understanding is
that from his Twitter account he was
anti-gun before this happened is the
idea that he's being paid as an actor to
pretend that he saw a shooting he did
not because there's no evidence of that
either and that's a smear and that's a
lie
that's the number one trending video on
YouTube by the way and it's disgusting
anybody who's trafficking and
trafficking and that should immediately
be discounted as a decent news source
that's stupidity there dinesh d'souza
got himself in hot water yesterday
because Dinesh tweeted something out
about how the they're a bunch of kids
were crying when a piece of gun
legislation didn't pass in the Florida
Legislature and Dinesh tweeted something
out about how this is the worst these
kids have suffered since their parents
told them that they were scaling back
their allowance or they couldn't get a
summer job that of course is ridiculous
there was literally a shooting in
Florida last week
Dinesh got shot
for that as well he should have and
hands it up backing down and apologizing
for it but there's been inordinately dia
focus placed on that YouTube video
particularly and on the comments of
folks like Dinesh hey every member of
the mainstream media that's all deserve
by the way I mean there should be focus
on lies but the lies extend to the
mainstream media itself and it's much
more prominent in the mainstream media
because virtually every major host in
the mainstream media are engaging is
engaging in this type of lie virtually
all of them or at least in selective
coverage that is designed to shade your
emotions in a particular direction so as
an example of this last night Anderson
Cooper was was talking about gun
violence about shootings involving guns
and here's what he had to say I actually
think we don't focus on the reality of
what an ar-15 does to a child I mean if
anyone has been on a battlefield and
you've seen what a weapon like this does
to a soldier I mean I think if people
actually saw this and saw the reality of
this I mean it's it would open people's
eyes I mean we were talking about we're
not talking about you know we all say
all these children lost their lives they
didn't lose their lives their lives were
ripped out of their bodies their brains
were splattered on the floor their
intestines are hanging out I mean it's
sickening and like we're all talking
about it in this antiseptic way and
we're shocked that these kids are angry
when they've been hiding in closets and
their friends are dead okay that's all
fine I mean if he wants to discuss this
in in graphic terms that's fine I'm not
sure that the graphicness of the act
actually changes the the logic behind
gun control because the whole point here
is not a lack of sympathy see what
Cooper's trying to do a lot of folks in
the media are trying to do is they're
trying to say look how horrible things
are therefore if you don't agree with me
on policy it's because you don't think
these things are horrible that's
backwards logic and there's no real that
there's no reason to it I'm gonna
explain more about that and also I have
an additional note for Anderson Cooper
in just a second first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Dollar
Shave Club so Dollar Shave Club is the
place to go if you want the best shave
you want that clean nice shave and you
want it in in less expensive fashion
than having to go to the the local Rite
Aid or CVS well the best way to do that
is with the Dollar Shave Club and they
have everything I mean everything you
need to look smelt feel you're about
shampoo body wash toothpaste and of
course the best rate
that you can use you get that amazing
high-quality shave every morning from
the Dollar Shave Club executive razor
they are the gold standard
so right now join Dollar Shave Club and
for five bucks with Free Shipping you'll
get their starter set so what's in the
starter set well the six blade executive
razor and it is magnificent plus trial
sizes of the shave butter the body
cleanser and of course the fabled famous
one wipe Charlies oh yes indeed the butt
wipes then you keep the blades coming
for a few bucks more per month you get
yours at dollarshaveclub.com slash bend
that's dollarshaveclub.com slash bends
you get that trial with at 5.45 bucks
you get the trial sizes of all these
things he can see if you like them and
once you subscribe you're gonna be
getting the new razors in the mail all
the time it is great and it means that
you're never gonna have to worry about
what soap to get again you're never
gonna have to worry about what shaving
cream you get again you're never gonna
have to worry about replacing your
razors ever again Dollar Shave Club is
the best there's a reason they're one of
the best companies in America when it
comes to this stuff dollarshaveclub.com
slash been check them out that also lets
them know that we sent you and use the
slash been and get the special deal the
five dollars and you get the you get the
travel kit including of course those one
wipe Charlies which are just
astonishingly great so just check that
out dollarshaveclub.com slash then all
right so Mac to Anderson Cooper so you
heard Anderson Cooper there talk about
the the brutality and the violence and
the horrible imagery of kids being shot
yes and all Americans agree that's
terrible I will point out the selective
coverage of the media when it comes to
antiseptic coverage of killings so I did
one one of the videos that I've done
that's been seen the most is a video of
me from this show talking in specific
terms about what actually happens during
an abortion the dismemberment of bodies
in the womb in in late-stage abortion
the the cracking open of the skull of
babies and sucking their brains into
sinks no one in the mainstream media
will ever talk about that ever not in 1
million years the room that Anderson
Cooper will never do a 30 second a 30
second description of what an abortion
actually is like instead he will just
use antiseptic terms to describe it the
points your being that if the media want
to get graphic about how they cover
crime if the mean you want to get
graphic about how they cover killings
and violence then that's fine with me
get graphic about how you cover crimes
and killings and violence that's I have
no problem with that as a general rule I
think that in fact that's sometimes
useful if people really are unable to
connect what a crime is with the
sure of the crime itself but you can't
be selective about it you can't just say
that you're gonna do it with regards to
shooting victims but not with stabbing
victims they're gonna do it with regard
to shooting victims but not bombing
victims we didn't hear a graphic
descriptions of what happened to people
on 9/11 right the news media and this
actual critical of this the news media
stopped showing that the the video of
people who are hurling themselves from
the top stories of buildings because
they didn't want to lead people to to
feel angry or feel bad and I said I
don't like the media censoring that so I
don't really have a problem with
Anderson Cooper talking about the
effective guns this is what it's true
this is what a bullet fired at Hyde the
high velocity does right it malls the
human body it destroys the human body
it destroys anything that it's shot at
this is why the first rule literally the
first rule of gun in training is do not
point the gun at anything that you're
not willing to destroy that is literally
rule number one when it comes to guns if
you pick up a gun then don't point it
anywhere where it is possible that you
will destroy something that you care
about and that includes human beings
this is what the NRA teaches in every
one of its gun safety courses but the
point is that the media are only doing
this with regard to shootings now
because they're pushing a particular
political agenda and the problem here is
that if you want to be an opinion host
in to this that's fine if you want to
say that you're an objective news host
in to it that's a completely different
story Brooke Baldwin doing the same
routine over on CNN she was lecturing
