the New York Times takes on the First
Amendment Jim Acosta loves him some Jim
Acosta and we'll talk Supreme Court I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
I hope you had a wonderfully relaxing
weekend mine was actually quite nice
didn't matter show on Friday Bill Maher
show on Friday had a lot of fun bill and
I had a nice civil conversation about of
all things Russia and collusion which
was kind of interesting we'll get to
that a little bit later in the show but
first I want to remind you that we have
a special livestream which is happening
today at 7 p.m. Eastern we are joined by
special guest Jordan Peterson to
celebrate our Independence Day and
lament the fact that we don't actually
own Canada God King Jeremy boring will
host a new edition of daily wire
backstage with me and Andrew clay but in
the execrable michael moles to look back
on our country's birth and look ahead to
its future subscribers will even be able
to write in live questions for us to
answer on the air that is today at 7
p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with Jordan
Peterson you can find our special lives
from on Facebook and YouTube but you're
not gonna want to miss it it's gonna be
a lot of fun so be there hey I'm gonna
be here so you better be here I mean
come on why else am i doing it okay so
go check that out also before we begin
let me remind you you should be dressing
better than you are okay you look like a
slob that's why you need to go out and
get yourself a nice custom suit I don't
mean one of these off the rack
monstrosity I mean something that makes
you look like James Bond and that's why
you need Indo Chino they're the world's
largest made-to-measure menswear company
they've been featured in major
publications including GQ Forbes and
Fast Company they make suits and shirts
made to your exact measurements for a
fantastic feat fit and guys that like
the wide selection of high quality
fabrics the option to personalize all
the details including lapel wining
monogram here's how it works you neither
go over to one of their showrooms and
many of America's major cities and pick
out all of your customizations and
personalizations and they can tailor it
directly for you there and then they
sends it off and then it shows up in
your mailbox or you can do it at Indo
Chino com you send in all of your
customizations and your measurements and
then you wait for your custom suit to
arrive in just a few weeks and it fits
great this week my listeners can get any
premium Indo Chino suit for just 379
bucks at Indo Chino comm when you enter
promo code Shapiro's at checkout
I went over the Santa Monica showroom
and it was just a lot of fun one of my
favorite suits is that suit it's
certainly the one that fits me the best
nice three-peat kind of piece blue suit
with our best it's pretty snazzy that's
50% off the regular price for a
made-to-measure premium suit 379 bucks
at ENSO Chino calm when you enter promo
code Shapiro's at checkout and shipping
is free that's Indo Chino com promo code
Shapiro any premium suit just 379 bucks
free shipping as well again there's no
reason for you look like a slob endo
Chino will get you the best suit that
you can buy so check it out alright so
one of the nice things for President
Trump is that every time President Trump
does a normal thing the left decides
that the world has ended it really that
the world has gone crazy and I used as
evidence of this the fact that I was on
Bill Maher's show on Friday and I was
really more expecting the conversation
to surround the things that bill and I
have in common such as opposition to
political correctness and aversion to
identity politics and instead the entire
interview turned into 10 minutes about
Russia collusion which again if you are
if you are obsessed with the Russia
collusion story at this point let me
suggest that your priorities are not
straight there's no evidence to suggest
right now the president Trump has
colluded with Russia during the campaign
or afterward there's just not okay if
the evidence were there I would talk
about it because I've been very fair
about this but I'm not going to pretend
that there was a lot of evidence there
the point is this the folks on the left
have decided that president Trump must
be ousted by any means and they've
decided that President Trump represents
a great break in America's history and
they believe that America itself is
deeply broken and so now the left has
decided the deep American institutions
not Donald Trump other key American
institutions these institutions must be
destroyed as well they believe the
Supreme Court now has to be packed that
they need 11 justices on the Supreme
Court instead of 9 because maybe that
way they can get more liberal Supreme
Court justices they believe that the
First Amendment must be overthrown
there's an article in The New York Times
it is 2,000 words long it is not an
opinion piece it is a reported piece
from Adam libtech okay Adam libtech is
one of the reporters who is on a one of
the New York Times over the weekend and
the title of the piece is how
conservatives weaponized the First
Amendment how conservatives weaponized
the First Amendment now you may ask
yourself what does that even mean how
conservatives weapon how do you
weaponize the First Amendment it's a
right how do you weaponize a right
that's like saying that law abiding
citizens weaponized the freedom from
unreasonable search and seizure under
the Fourth Amendment how do you
weaponize that it doesn't make any sense
right but the New York Times believes
that conservatives have weaponized the
First Amendment because they don't like
the First Amendment that's right the New
York Times a newspaper dedicated
presumably to the proposition of freedom
of the press a newspaper that was
involved in some of the great free
speech cases in our nation's history
from the Pentagon Papers case led to the
two libel cases in the past the New York
Times now says that the First Amendment
has been too broadly construed that's
how far the left has been broken
they believe the
amendment must be curbed because it is
an institution of power the left is
always going on about how the reason the
left loses the reason the left is not
victorious is because the system itself
is corrupt if it weren't for the corrupt
system itself then Marxism would have
already taken over the world and
everything would be hunky-dory utopia
but in the United States where freedom
reigns they believe that the freedoms
themselves are a threat to the Marxist
worldview and so Freedoms themselves
must be torn down these are elements of
a hierarchical structure the first
amendment you might think when I say
freedom of speech that means anybody can
speak what the left says is what that
really means is only powerful people can
speak and that's why we need to crack
down on the First Amendment through
force of government the government has
to shut down free speech to save freedom
if that makes any sense to you that's
because you're so here is the New
York Times going on about there's Adam
Liptak he says on the final day of the
Supreme Court term last week justice
Elena Kagan sounded an alarm the courts
five conservative members citing the
first amendment had just dealt public
unions a devastating blow the day before
the same majority had used the First
Amendment to reject a California law
requiring religiously oriented crisis
pregnancy centers to provide women with
information about abortion conservatives
said Justice Kagan who's part of the
courts four member liberal wing were
weaponizing the First Amendment now I
just want to point out this is not a
court liberal wing it's a left-wing okay
it's a left-wing the differencing
liberal and left is that liberals
believe that we ought to maintain rights
like freedom of speech even if they
believe in more government intervention
in the economy the Left believes that
all of these rights ought to be subject
to the needs of the community that
basically communitarianism is the way
that if it violates their precepts of
the hierarchy of various power groups
then the First Amendment should be
subverted the New York Times says the
two decisions were the latest in a
stunning run of victories for a
conservative agenda that has been
increasingly been built on the
foundation of free speech notice how
that's that's worded and the way the New
York Times is working that is not that
the free speech agenda that has been
promulgated by the court helps
conservatives is that it is the
conservative agenda that is using the
mask of free speech in order to push
itself except for the fact that this
free speech agenda has nothing to do
with conservatism per se it just has to
do with the idea that you should be able
to say what you want without the
government compelling you conservative
groups building and borrowing on
arguments developed by liberals have
used the First Amendment to justify
unlimited campaign spending
discrimination against gay couples and
attacks on the regulation
tobacco pharmaceuticals and guns that's
a pretty radical take on what exactly
the Supreme Court just did instead what
the court just did is they said that the
government cannot compel you not to
spend on Elections that the government
cannot compel you to violate your own
religious precepts that the government
cannot compel you to say things you
don't want to say or pay money to unions
you don't want to join why exactly that
has to do with a conservative agenda is
beyond me that seems like just a
rational freedom agenda but you know
this is the New York Times they say the
Citizens United campaign finance case
for instance was decided on free speech
grounds with the five justice
conservative majority ruling that the
First Amendment protects unlimited
campaign spending by corporations the
government the majority said has no
business regulating political speech the
dissenters responded the First Amendment
did not require allowing corporate money
to flood the political marketplace and
corrupted democracy well that's a stupid
argument here the First Amendment does
require me to be able to speak as much
as I want and that involves me actually
spending money on things if the First
Amendment did not involve you spending
money on free speech then presumably the
government could pass a law saying that
corporations are not allowed to spend
money on say printed materials in the
sixty days before an election you know
it's a corporation that spends money on
printed materials sixty day before an
election the New York Times the New York
Times and the libertarian position has
become dominant on the right on the on
the right on First Amendment issues as
Ilya Shapiro a lawyer at the Cato
Institute
it simply means we should be skeptical
of government attempts to regulate
speech there used to be a nun
controversial and non ideological point
what's now being called the libertarian
position on speech was in 1960s the
liberal position on speech which is
exactly right right what Elliot Shapiro
is saying is you're calling it
right-wing this used to be the consensus
position and so much of American life
has become this so much of American life
is positions that all of America used to
hold and then the left decided it didn't
hold anymore and so the consensus
American position is now termed the
right-wing position so for example at
immigration the position that we should
enforce our borders the position that
perhaps we should actually police the
people coming into the country that was
a widespread 100 percent position in
America then the left decided that it
was intolerant and now that is a
right-wing position to say that we
should enforce our borders the same
thing on free speech it was a widely
held position across both sides of the
aisle that you should be able to say
basically what you want and then the
left decided
like that anymore and so what was left
was the right wing position but the way
that the New York Times posits the way
they pose it is is not that the left
throughout the first amendment it's that
the right decided to cling on to the
First Amendment in unreasonable fashion
why does the New York Times say that
well because they're the New York Times
as Andrew Klavan says a former newspaper
here's what the New York Times says
liberals and one's champion expansive
First Amendment rights are now uneasy
about them and many on the Left have
traded an absolutist commitment to free
speech from one sensitive to the harms
that it can inflict okay that's
hilarious
so they've decided that they're no
longer absolutist on free speech instead
they are more sensitive to the bad
things that can happen because of free
speech which is a way of saying then we
are not going to pay attention to free
speech at all if you trade in the harms
that can be inflicted by free speech for
free speech itself free speech is no
longer a right this is like saying that
there are certain harms that happen
because of the freedom from unreasonable
search and seizure and the Fourth
Amendment prevents the government from
coming into your home and simply just
checking out everything that's there for
the hell of it now are there societal
costs to that sure there's a societal
cost to that it means that not everybody
with drugs in their house is going to be
seen by the government for example not
everybody with an illegal gun in their
house is going to be seen by the
government but I'd much rather that a
few people have eally loans or illegal
drugs then the government have a blanket
right to come into my home at any time
for any reason without actually having
to give a rationale the minute that you
start saying that the downside of the
right is more important than the right
the right no longer exists but that's
what the left says left doesn't like the
rights the left does not like the free
speech rights so liberals were once
largely united in fighting to protect
sexually explicit materials from
government censorship now many on the
Left see pornography as an assault on
women's right in 1977 many liberals
supported the right of the American Nazi
Party to march among Holocaust survivors
in Skokie Illinois far fewer supported
the free speech rights of the white
nationalists who marched last year in
Charlottesville Virginia now there is a
difference by the way in these in these
two cases I will say that there's a
solid case we made justice boric would
be justice Bork judge Robert Bork once
made this case he said the pornography
is not protected by the First Amendment
there's a pretty good solid case that
the founders never intended for the
First Amendment to cover dirty pictures
but there's no question that the
founders intended for the First
Amendment to cover a political speech
which does involve Nazis marching
Skokie better First Amendment case just
legally speaking and historically
speaking for bad people marching than
for naked pictures in public but in any
case the New York Times says there's a
certain naivete and how liberals used to
approach free speech says Frederick
shower a law professor at the University
of Virginia because so many free speech
claims of the 1950s and 60s involved the
anti obscenity claims or civil rights
and anti-vietnam War protests it was
easy for the left to sympathize with the
speakers or believed that speech in
general was harmless but the claim that
speech was harmless or causally inert
was never true even if it has taken
recent events to convince the left of
that the question then is why the left
ever believed to otherwise so in other
words they were happy about free speech
when it was the anti-vietnam War
protests and civil rights and and
pornography but the minute that it turns
into religious Baker's who actually just
want to abide by their scruples then all
of a sudden left is ready to toss out
free speech which is to say the left was
never in favor of the right they were
just in favor of the of the exercise of
the right as they saw fit the left was
never in favor of that this is the big
problem with left the left doesn't
believe you have a right to do anything
the left disagrees with I believe as a
person on the right you have the right
to do lots of things I disagree with you
have the right to march in the street
with hats you have the right to to
act sexually how you want basically I
believe that you have the right to yeah
I actually believe the of the right to
smoke marijuana I think there are there
are lots of things that I believe have
the right to do that I personally find
abhorrent I hate marijuana I think it
smells and I think people who smoke it
are wasting their time and brain cells
but because I'm a freedom believing
person I also believe that there are
rights that extend to things I don't
like I think the right to free speech
extends to Nazis I hate Nazis there are
awful human beings but the rights of
free speech extends to them the same
thing does not hold true for the left if
you disagree with the left they want to
remove your rights and that's not
becoming obvious right now before we go
any further let's talk about your sleep
habits okay the reality is you are not
sleeping as well as you could be how do
I know well because you don't have a
helix sleep mattress working with the
world's leading sleep experts helix
sleep has developed a mattress that is
customized to your specific height
weight and sleep preferences so you can
have the best sleep of your life and an
unbeatable price so here's how it works
go to helix sleep calm
fill out there two minutes sleep quiz
they will design your custom mattress
they can even customize each side for
you and a partner in 2018 helix sleep
has taken customized sleep to the next
level with the helix pillow these all
new pillows are fully adjustable so you
can achieve perfect comfort regardless
of sleep position or
body type he looks sleep has thousands
of five-star reviews plus you get a
hundred nights to try them out by the
way I'm so I love helix sleep so much my
wife and I went out and got a helix
sleep mattress and we actually just
decided to give another one as a gift to
my sister for her wedding present she
was able to go through the process on
their website of selecting and
customizing the mattress for her and her
husband they could get different sides
of the mattress thread they wanted and
she's really excited for it to arrive he
looks sleep is just fantastic makes a
great gift it's also awesome for you
helix sleep comm slash men right now you
get up to 125 bucks toward your mattress
order that's helix sleep comm slash man
you up to 125 bucks off your mattress
order he looks sleep calm / man he looks
sleep is so good that my sister actually
asked for that I can't say that it was a
creative thought on my part she had
heard me talking about helix sleep she
asked me if helix sleep was really as
good as I said I said yes and she said
well can you get that from me for my
wedding so he could went out and got
