did you think that it was even possible
to make gold star widows a partisan
issue or did you think that it was
possible to make sexual harassment and
possible sexual assault a partisan issue
well if you thought not you're wrong
welcome to America 2017 everything sucks
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show happy monday gang yeah that's right
welcome back from the weekend and as we
come back from the weekend it turns out
the presidents of the United States is
now in an open running gun battle with a
Goldstar Widow which is these this may
the second time that he's decided to do
this particular thing we had this last
time at the Republican at the Democratic
National Convention when the con family
decided to go political in this case
there's a woman in my Isha Johnson her
husband 'la David Johnson was killed in
in Nigeria Niger neither pronounced it
everyone's pronouncing it differently
I'll call it Niger because I speak
English and in any case the the the
widow went on Good Morning America and
ripped into president Trump and
president Trump respondents who will
talk about all of those things plus we
will talk about Bill O'Reilly a big
story came out over the weekend
suggesting that he had paid 32mm a
million dollars for a sexual harassment
suit to settle it out of court that is a
lot of money to pay someone if the
allegations are not credible in any case
we will talk about all of those things
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriots apply so if
it feels like the world is about to end
that's because it might be it might be
not like apocalyptic fire and flame but
it is possible that there will be a
natural disaster that strikes in your
area it's possible there'd be a
terrorist attack it's possible that you
just won't be able to get to the grocery
store for some reason and people can't
get to you and so instead what you need
is a food supply that ensures that you
and your family are safe that's why you
need to go over to my friends in my
Patriot supply get their 102 serving
survival food kit for just $99 includes
breakfast lunches and dinners and it
shipped to your home for free order that
kit and it keeps your family safe for
like 25 years it lasts up to 25 years in
storage apparently taste like home
cooking so I've been told by the folks
here around the office call 888 803 1413
888 803 1413 or go online to prepare
with Ben's comm again for 99 bucks get a
hundred and two servings of survival
food for just $99 it's one of the things
that lets even
government says you should have food on
hand so that you don't have to worry in
case there's an emergency go make your
family safe with one purchase and then
you don't have to think about it until
the emergency actually hits 888 803 1413
or prepare with been calm again prepare
with been calm okay
so I have a lot to talk about today and
a lot of it is based around the idea
that partisanship has completely eaten
our politics to the point where basic
facts are no longer worthy of
consideration so let's consider a
scenario let's start with President
Trump and this in this Widow
Myesha Johnson let's talk about the
possibility that we have what I've
called before a Rashomon situation I'm
not the person who coined that term ok
the Rashomon situation it's a movie by
Kurosawa
and in Rashomon basically there's a
murder that takes place and there are
four people who see the murder but they
all have a different recollection
because they were in different places at
the time they all have a different
recollection of how the murder went down
who's responsible how the murder was
caused and so this has become known as
sort of Rashomon situation in this
particular case there's high potential
for a Rashomon situation where President
Trump calls up a Goldstar Widow the
Goldstar Widow it sounds like was
probably politically oriented against
Trump to begin with she and her family
were very close with Frederica Wilson
this Democratic Congress person from
Florida who's very much on the left and
who's talked about impeaching Trump for
months and the the congresswoman was
present when Trump decided to call the
widow of Sargent latavia Johnson
remember Allah David Johnson was killed
in Niger or nice year was killed in
October 4th in a mission went wrong his
body went missing for some 48 hours and
we still don't know how he died publicly
in any case the the congresswoman said
that Trump had been really kind of cold
during the call that Trump hadn't
remembered the name of the of the
soldier who was killed that Trump had
said something to the effect of he knew
what he was signing up for the
implication being you know he knew he
might die so big deal and then John
Kelly came out last week and said listen
I was present for the phone call -
that's not what he said what he said was
he was a brave man
knowing that this is what you signed up
for which is a completely different read
now it is completely possible because
this happens all the time it's happened
in your own life that a conversation
happened and two people took away
precisely the opposite views of what the
conversation was
all right you've had this with spouses
you've had this with family members
where you say something you think is
completely innocuous and it is taken in
the most offensive possible way that is
just one of the ways that the language
works that's the vagary of language and
if you go into a conversation with the
precondition with the pre notion that
the person you're talking to is opposed
to you the person doesn't like you then
it's possible to read their words in the
worst possible way that's what I
actually think happened here I don't
think President Trump called up a widow
of soldier and decided to be cold and
calculating and cruel I don't think he
even intended to do that I didn't think
that he in ignorance would do that that
doesn't sound like President Trump I
mean I've been very very critical of
President Trump but even that one is a
bridge too far for me that said it's
certainly possible for the widow to take
that away from the conversation so yes
it this morning on Good Morning America
the widow finally appears and from at
this point we've only heard from the
mother-in-law or really the the aunt of
the of the soldier who was killed we've
heard from Frederica Wilson we've heard
from John Kelly but we hadn't heard from
the principal's in the conversation
right Trump said that this e that he
hadn't said any of this but now you have
the widow coming out in the widow says
here's exactly how it went down here she
is with George Stephanopoulos on ABC
News the questions that I have that I
need answered is I want to know why I
took them 48 hours to find my husband
why couldn't I see my husband every time
I asked to see my husband they wouldn't
let me there are also a lot of questions
about the phone call you received from
President Trump I know you were in a car
to the airport tell us what happened
next what he said was the president yes
the president said that he knew what he
signed up for but it hurts anyways and I
was it made me cry because I was very
angry at the tone of his voice in hi he
said he couldn't remember my husband
name the only way he remember my husband
name because he told me he had my
husband report in front of him and
that's when he actually said blah David
so her suggestion is that her husband
Lee David Johnson
that Trump didn't actually know the name
of the person that he was talking about
so Trump immediately jumps to Twitter
and starts tweeting about it again does
any of is this any is this useful in any
way is there any usefulness to this at
all of course not
there's no usefulness to this so Trump
tweets out I had a very respectful
conversation with the widow of Sergeant
Lee David Johnson and spoke his name
from beginning without hesitation why
why let's let's say the Trump is
completely right here is this a fight he
wants to get into a fight with the woman
who just lost her husband in tragic
situation while he was serving as an
American Hero is this a fight he really
wants to do is this a political winning
fight now I know that there are a lot of
people on the right who do the he fights
routine he fights he fights he fights
again punching yourself in the balls
isn't fighting okay this is not smart
it's just not smart it's also not classy
okay it's not classy to fight with war
widows she's a general rule okay I have
a general rule and this caramelised the
problem everything can be made partisan
because sure it's true that Trump can
feel that he is justified in fighting
back if he feels like he is being fibbed
about sure Trump has every right to
speak how he wants to speak there's the
First Amendment in the country but it is
also true that we had a certain basic
agreement in the country and that was
that the President of the United States
ought to have a fair bit of respect for
war widows even ones who disagree with
him so what what
maisha johnson is saying here is nothing
even close to as bad as what cindy
sheehan said about george w bush if you
don't remember back to 2005 there was a
woman named cindy sheehan her son was
killed in iraq
she was a far-left code pink person I
think she's one of the founders of code
pink actually and cindy sheehan
was a vocal critic of the Iraq war and
she condemned Bush as a war criminal she
suggested it was his fault that her son
had died Bush actually met with her and
then she complained he hadn't met with
her
but how did Bush respond so I want to
show you video of President George HW
Bush because it turns out that honest to
goodness if you want a country that
holds together you know he talked a lot
about character these past two years and
some people have said what's the use of
character all we need is the policy does
the character really matter does the
character of the President of the United
States really make a difference and this
has been a serious conversation in the
country really since the days of Bill
Clinton who had no character right does
character matter in the Oval Office and
the answer is yes the reason character
matters in the Oval Office is for the
same reason that character matters in
or day to day life the people that make
you feel like you can lead a cohesive
life the people who make you feel like
you live in a community what creates
social capital is character social
capital as Robert Putnam the the
political scientist from Harvard has
said social capital is the idea that as
a society we all have a certain given
amount of trust in one another that
allows us to act as though the other
person is not going to screw us all the
time so the higher your social capital
actually the less you need contracts
right the more lawyers you need that's a
good indication that you don't have a
lot of social capital because why do I
sign a contract with somebody I sent a
contract with somebody and I'm very
meticulous about that contracts I'm
afraid they're gonna break it so I have
a contract with my children I have a
marital contract with my wife but it's
pretty short sweet document right that
everyone has that in the Jewish
communities called ketubah but the idea
is that most of your major relationships
in life you don't have a contract why
because your social capital is really
high right you have trust in that person
it's just a longer way of saying trust
and if we don't trust each other to have
a generalized sense of what's
appropriate and what's not a generalized
sense for what is sacred and what's not
then you're gonna end up in these
running gun battles over stupidity every
single day and you're gonna be
attributing to the other person bad
motives all the time so cindy sheehan as
i said was really quite horrible the
President Bush I mean she again accused
him of being a war criminal suggested
that he had got in America into the war
in Iraq based on explicit lies that he
lied because he wanted to go to war in
Iraq that he was solely responsible for
the death of her son here's how George W
Bush responded to Cindy she had making
all of these allegations in Crawford
Texas I'm referring to any grieving
mother or father no matter what their
political views may be part of my duty
as the president is to meet with those
who've lost a loved one and so you know
listen I sympathize with mrs. Sheehan
she feels strongly about her about her
position and I she has every right in
the world to say what she believes this
is America she has a right to her
position and I've thought long and hard
about her position I've heard her
position from others which is get out of
Iraq now and
it it would be a it would be a mistake
for the security of this country and the
ability to lay the foundations for peace
in the long run if we were to do so okay
and this is who george w bush was this
is why i have a lot of respect for bush
the man as i said i disagreed with him
on a lot of policy but this is a classy
individual who is in the white house i
mean there's a story that the dana
perino told i don't remember if i
actually told it i think i referred to
it the other day but here's the actual
story that dana perino told about george
w bush visiting a grieving mother and
it's pretty amazing so here here it is
he visited a patient at walter reed
medical facility and right there there
was there's one situation in which one
mom and dad of a dying soldier from the
caribbean were devastated the mom beside
herself with grief that's from dana
perino circa 2016 it was in her book she
yelled at the president wanting to know
why it was her child and not his who lay
in that hospital bed her husband tried
to calm her and I noticed the president
wasn't in a hurry to leave he tried to
offer in comfort but just stood there
and took it like he expected and needed
to hear the anguish to try to soak up
some of her suffering if he could later
as we rode back on marine one to the
White House no one spoke but as the
helicopter took off the president looked
at me and said that mama sure was mad at
me then he turned to look out the window
of the helicopter and I don't blame her
a bit a terrace looked out at the side
of his irons down his face he didn't
wipe it away and we flew back to the
White House
okay that's what creates trust in a
country I may disagree with Bush on a
particular war I may disagree with Obama
on a particular war that if I don't
believe that Obama believes that people
who clearly have good motivations you
know the families of people who have
died in Iraq or died in Afghanistan or
died in Nigeria that those people have
bad motivations those people have to be
attacked that those people it doesn't
matter what they say politically at
least when it comes to their child or
their family member their husband their
wife those people have the right
motivations we cannot have a country
with social capital where we trust each
other if we're not willing to take the
hit once in a while if we're not willing
to go out there and say as did the Trump
should have just said here's what Trump
should have said you said listen as the
person on the other end of the
conversation
I did not think that that was what I was
saying if that's how it was taken then I
fully apologized but I don't believe
that's what I said I would never try to
be callous I would never
million years try to be callous to
anyone whose husband had served the the
country with such honor and distinction
as sergeant Johnson did I would never do
that if it was read that way then I
fully apologized and I'm more than happy
to meet with the widow and talk with her
and try and clear the air because I
think that it's important that we all be
on the same page here we all know what a
hero her husband was instead of doing
that he's busy tweeting about how this
isn't how it happened how is that
helpful how is that helpful and again
you can say that Trump is just telling
the truth but it's not helpful to him if
you want him to succeed as president it
isn't he must have social capital with
the American public if you want him to
succeed if you want him to be reelected
understand not everything Trump does not
every fight he picks is a winning fight
if you would pick a few fewer of these
fights he would be better off you know I
think that there's this this certain
sense that'sthat's set in on the right
and it's set on on the left - and it's
very weird okay there's this sense
that's set in on the right that no
matter what Trump does he is utterly
untouchable because after all he was hit
with everything including the kitchen
sink in the 2016 election cycle and he
won anyway and so therefore he can do
and say whatever he wants and he's never
gonna lose his base and he's not gonna
lose another election because after all
he beat Hillary Clinton so why would he
lose another election
this'n elects one well two really
important facts one George W Bush in
2000 lost the popular ball by 500,000 he
barely won the election right by 2004
when he beat John Kerry by about a
million and a half two million votes
he had picked up ten million votes
between 2000 and 2004 he picked up ten
million votes and he picked up a lot of
those votes because in 9/11 and the war
in Iraq he picked up ten million and the
only one by two so where is President
Trump gonna come up with a thirteen
million votes he's gonna need to win
remember he lost by almost 3 million
popular votes in this election cycle so
that's problem number one for for this
perspective problem number two is he's
not gonna be running against Hillary
Clinton again now maybe the Democrats
are stupid enough this is the other side
of the coin maybe the Democrats are
stupid enough to run somebody who is as
unpopular as Hillary Clinton maybe they
decide they need to run Elizabeth Warren
or Kamala Harris maybe they decided to
be that dumb maybe they decide that they
want to recreate Obama's intersectional
coalition and they fail again
but Republicans shouldn't be counting on
that okay Democrats seem to be counting
on the fact
Trump has low approval ratings to mean
that Trump is gonna lose in 2020 that's
idiotic
Trump had the same approval ratings now
that he had before and he won an
approval ratings don't mean a thing
because he's running against someone
writes a binary election as we learned
as we were told a thousand times is
binary so that means the Democrats are
gonna have to come up with somebody they
can't just rail on Trump all day and
hope to win by the same terms Trump
can't hope to do whatever he wants to do
and increase his approval rating and win
reelection just by default because
that's not how this is gonna work now I
want to talk a little bit more about
things becoming partisan that absolutely
should not be partisan in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so right now
things feel relatively uncertain the
stock market is up so as the price of
