another Islamic terror attack in New
York plus the Democrats and President
Trump respond and Civil War controversy
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show terrific terror attack yesterday in
New York City an Islamic terrorist runs
a truck into a bike path and injures 21
people kills at least eight of them
there I think everyone else is is
seriously wounded but but none in danger
of death worst terror attack in the
United States since last month when we
had at least a mass shooting that was
not necessarily a terror attack this is
the worst terror attack in the United
States for at least several months and
there's a lot to say about it also about
what we could do to stop terror attacks
like this if anything and I have a bit
of a more skeptical take than I think a
lot of conservative commentators do
today but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at blinds.com
so this is one part of your house that
sort of seems irrelevant until you look
around you realize how ugly your blinds
are they've been there for 20 years
you've updated every other part of your
house but you just left those window
coverings on there and they look
terrible well that's where blinds calm
comes in that's why we've used blinds
calm at my house instead of going to the
blind store and having to pick them out
and buy them and and have the person
come up new house and measure them
blinds.com makes it really easy if
you're not sure what you want or even
where to start you get a free online
design consultation of blinds calm you
send them pictures of your house they
send back custom recommendations from a
professional from what will work with
your color scheme furniture in specific
rooms they'll even send you free samples
to make sure that the materials that
you're looking at work well in your home
and this is the best part if you miss
measure or accidentally pick the wrong
color
if you're the one who screws up blinds
calm makes it right for free they've
really made it easy for you so there is
no excuse to have those ugly blinds
anymore for a limited time get 20% off
everything at blinds comm when you use
promo code Bennigan's blinds comm promo
code ben blinds.com promo code bed and
get 20% off everything this is faux wood
blinds cellular shades roller shades and
more blinds calm promo code Ben rules
and restrictions do apply make your
house look a thousand times better with
with a relatively inexpensive upgrade
lens comm check it out today okay so
when the attack itself was it was
horrendous here is what we know about
the suspect the New York terror attack
suspects name is
fool Oh hubby I want to pronounce this
correctly but I'm not going to Robbie
Buhl a say pop and he is a Muslim
he did this in the name of Isis
according to John Miller the NYPD Deputy
Commissioner for intelligence and
counterterrorism sigh - planning the
attack for a number of weeks according
to Miller and appeared to have followed
Isis instructions as to how to carry out
such attacks as soon as a truck ran into
a bunch of people he had to figure that
this was an Islamic terror attacks
simply because that's been the mode of
operation for his been modus operandi
for Isis for years now they started it
in Jerusalem they carried it over into
Nice France they did it the Berlin
Christmas market they've done it in
London so ramming trucks into groups of
civilians has been a Isis staple for a
while now he said that a handwritten
note in Arabic founder of the scene had
both symbols and words but the gist was
that the Islamic state would endure
forever this of course is not true since
the Islamic state no longer really even
indoors so this is the deadliest terror
attack in New York City since 9/11 in
the guy's 29 and he plowed into
bicyclists and pedestrians just blocks
away from the World Trade Center on
Tuesday afternoon here's some video of
the aftermath corner you see feet
bicyclists sound young terrorist attack
I'm not sure what it is
[Applause]
[Music]
just for if we've blurred out some of
the bodies here that's why you're not
seeing more but it's just a horrific
aftermath six victims killed instantly
two others died later on the way to the
hospital more than a dozen trying to
recover bill de blasio of course came
out and said this was an act of terror
and he said it was a particularly
cowardly act of terror aimed at innocent
civilians in to people going about their
lives who had no idea what was about to
hit them
here is some video of the suspect
actually who is it will actually been
played de Blasio here's what Blasio had
to say about it it's a very painful day
in our city horrible tragedy on the west
side let me be clear - based on the
information we have at this moment this
was an act of terror and a particularly
cowardly act of terror aimed at innocent
civilians aimed at people going about
their lives who had no idea of what was
about to hit them it was pretty clear
obviously immediately that this was an
Islamist an Islamist terror attack the
note was left in the car that made
reference to Isis the guy popped out of
the car the terrorists popped out of the
the truck and he was carrying I guess a
paintball gun the idea here is that he
was attempting to provoke death by cop
he wanted to make the police think that
he was going to shoot them and so he was
carrying around these guns obviously he
did not have more weapons on him which
is definitely a good thing there are
people like Nick Kristof yesterday
saying well that's because of gun
control in New York City well no it
really isn't if you were willing to get
in a car and run over people the idea
that you can't drive upstate grab some
guns drive back downstate and run around
New York City shooting people seems kind
of ridiculous and in case here's some
video of the suspect yesterday sprinted
toward the group of kid towards the
group of kids and about how long did
this take place how long were you
watching him for maybe 20 seconds before
I was just run back in just for my own
safety right and you say they looked
real but could you tell could you hear
if any
if any kind of mission we're coming out
of his gun or you didn't you couldn't
tell that I did not hear any thought and
I didn't the fire at anybody okay so he
didn't end up firing anybody because the
guns themselves were not real and again
he was attempting to provoke death by
cop here's a photo of the suspect and
here's what he looked like it looks like
a nice clean-cut Mormon boy obviously in
any case no this has obviously provoked
a bunch of media firestorm and it's
provoked some response from the
President of the United States I wanna
talk about the response from the media
and the response from the President of
the United States and I think that we
ought to be as as objective as we
possibly can in looking at these
responses objectively speaking the
response from the media is always quite
awful on all of this and I think that we
ought to start there here are some of
the headlines that you saw yesterday so
the you're gonna see a couple of
headlines one is from Fox News and the
other is from CNN and you'll see the
difference immediately the headline from
Fox News was at least six dead after
suspect crashes truck in lower Manhattan
shouts Allahu Akbar right allahu akbar
it means it means allah is great and and
then here was the headline from see it
from CNN fatalities reported after truck
rams people in manhattan again one of
those runaway trucks you know they just
go off on their own it's very very weird
how that happens right leaving out the
the whole allahu akbar routine instead
they just say that again a truck went
off on its own and committed these
egregious acts of terrorism we have to
be careful of our runaway truck
population because obviously those
trucks cannot be trusted anyone in a
Ford f-150 beware your truck may turn on
you and then CNN ran this Chiron in the
middle of this after the Allahu Akbar
information came out and said witnesses
suspect was yelling god is great in
Arabic well no the suspect was yelling
Allahu Akbar right and there is a
difference right saying god is great in
Arabic is is toning down a little bit
exactly what ahoo akbar is it is the
typical kind of thing that is screamed
by terrorists as they are in the midst
of terror attacks and there are a lot of
people who are who are obviously upset
about that particular chyron because the
idea here that god is great is the exact
equivalent to allahu akbar is is not
true considering that there is
significant I mean even even in the
Islamic community the idea that the God
that is worshipped by Islamic terrorists
is the same as the God
is worshipped in judeo-christian
societies that's a pretty dicey
proposition at best
and so CNN was getting a lot of flack
over this especially since everyone in
the Western world knows what occupier
means now and they know that it means
radical Islamic terrorists was just
running around killing people the the
equation of the jail Christian God with
the god of radical Islamic terror is is
quite egregious and quite disgusting so
you know this prompted some thoughts
from me yesterday about why it is that
the media treats this particular terror
attack Islamic terror attacks in a
different way than they treat for
example white supremacists
terror attacks so we saw a white
supremacist error aesthetic in the in
charlottesville when we saw a guy run a
truck exactly like this run a truck into
a civilian and kill a civilian in
Charlottesville we've also seen a white
supremacist terror attack in in landing
in South Carolina in in I'm gonna
remember the city Charlotte was a where
was it in South Carroll stone is in
Charleston South Carolina
Dylann storm roof murdering a bunch of
black folks who are simply attending
church because they were black and the
reaction from the media is completely
completely at odds so let's go through
this for just a second imagine for a
second that a white supremacist had
actually driven a truck onto a bike path
filled with minority innocence right he
went down to Harlem and he was running
down black folks in the middle of Harlem
killing eight of them and imagine the
white supremacists had emerged from his
truck wearing a confederate flag t-shirt
now imagine that the media had left left
to the defense of people flying the
Confederate flag explaining that only a
tiny minority of people who actually fly
the Confederate flag or like the
Confederate flag engaged in any sort of
racist violence which is true imagine
that all of America's political leaders
left to the microphones to say the same
thing Confederate flag does not mean
terrorists Confederate flag does not
mean white supremacists imagine that the
CNN at CNN ran a chyron reading not
witnesses suspect was yelling god is
great in Arabic but witnesses suspect
was carrying southern version of
American flag right which is what a lot
of people consider they the Confederate
flag to be and let's assume they then
hosted panels assuring audiences that a
Confederate flag was not a symbol of
racism or bigotry it was simply a symbol
of southern pride can you imagine the
media doing any of those things no of
course not because when a radical when a
white supremacist terror attack occurs
the media's immediate
fons is to jump to let's have a national
conversation about the Confederate flag
right a white supremacist terror attack
is obviously an offshoot it's obviously
is springing from a broader ideology
that can be traced to identity with the
Confederate flag right after the
Charlottesville terror attack we had a
month long discussion month long
discussion is still ongoing about
whether to remove Confederate statues as
though anyone who doesn't want to remove
Confederate statues is in league with
people who are running down innocents in
the middle of Charlottesville so
whenever it's a white supremacist who
does this we immediately link the white
supremacists with the ideology of
millions of other people have nothing to
do with the ideology and with symbols
that are used by millions of other
people in completely different ways when
it comes to radical Islam we don't do
that at all when it comes to radical
Islam instead we jump to something else
right we jump to defending Muslims from
any association with radical Islam I
know Jake Tapper with him I'm friendly
on CNN but Jake was was being criticized
last night and I think partly unfairly
but partly fairly he's being criticized
last night because he had said something
along the lines of Allahu Akbar was
yelled when this guy jumped out
sometimes said at kind of celebratory
occasions but now said on a terrible
occasion and people are saying well
would you say the same thing about the
Confederate flag like did you say the
Confederate flag is sometimes flown at
NASCAR stadiums but now being used as a
symbol of hate and I think that's not an
unfair critique I think people are
taking it out of context when they said
that that Tapper said Allahu Akbar it's
a beautiful phrase didn't actually say
that but the idea that he was trying to
provide context for Allahu Akbar and
people never in the media try to provide
context for for example the Confederate
flag or for Confederate statues it
demonstrates the the lack of honesty in
the media and it says something deeper
about the leftist point-of-view on
America and what America is
I'm explaining that in just a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blue apron blue apron
is the number one fresh ingredient and
recipes delivery service in the country
years ago my wife said to me wouldn't be
awesome if there were some service where
instead of us going to the grocery store
and sort of estimating what we need to
cook tonight and then having to come up
with recipes they just sent you the
recipe and they sense everything
pre-bagged and they could just cook it
in your own home make a home-cooked meal
with the best ingredients and the recipe
well blue apron must have been reading
her mind because that's exactly what
they do
they've established partnerships
with over 150 local farms fisheries
ranchers across the United States and
they have made it possible for millions
of families to cook together to build
strong family bonds and blue apron
families cook nearly three times more
often than non blue apron families some
of their upcoming meals they they switch
out the recipes every single day pretty
much and they don't repeat recipes
inside a year unless you really like the
recipe so it's a lot of variety which is
great because in my house you know very
often we're eating the same meal like
every Tuesday like pretty much everyone
else blue apron makes that a thing of
the past customer favorites include
things like seared chicken and roasted
fall vegetables with caper butter pan
sauce Amina makes you into a gourmet a
gourmet cook 30-minute meals right sweet
pepper chicken with bok choy and rice
black bean and cheese tortas with
roasted broccoli and lime sour cream I
mean these are things that you'd get at
a restaurant in Sept you'd be paying
twice the price for food that isn't half
as good right now you get $30 off your
first order with free shipping by going
to blue aprons comm slash Shapiro again
that's blue apron comm slash Shapiro
you'll love how good it feels a taste to
create incredible home-cooked meals of
blue apron
do not wait blue apron comm slash
apparel half the people in the office
use blue apron blue apron comm slash up
hero blue apron is a better way to cook
okay so what exactly is driving this
disparity between how the media treat
Islamic terror attacks and how the media
treats supremacist terror attacks the
answer is the media believe that white
supremacist terror attacks are more
representative of America at large than
they believe that or at least southern
Americans or conservative Americans than
they believe that radical Islamic terror
attacks are representative of Muslims
across the world
this is effectually and statistically
it's just mistaken it's not true it's
just not true I mean the fact is there
are there are more people who have died
in white supremacist terror attacks
since 9/11 than have died in Islamic
terror attacks since 9/11 but that's
leaving out 9/11 number one and that
also leaves out the calculation of
politically motivated killings on the
other side meaning people from left who
are committing politically motivated
killings like you saw in the attempted
Congressional baseball shooting in any
case the idea that white supremacism is
more closely tied to conservative
ideology than radical Islam is tied to
Islam itself is bizarre and and
groundless and this is what the Left
believes right I mean this is why they
ran an ad two days ago excuse me in
Virginia the Latino victory fund ran an
ad two days ago in Virginia
showing a and Gillespie supporter flying
a confederate flag running down minority
children right we just saw yesterday
what actually is happening what actually
is happening is that a radical Muslim
just ran down a bunch of people in New
York at the ad that we saw from
Democrats was an ad in which Gillespie
supporter was running down a bunch of
minority children with the truck because
ed Gillespie supporters are in league
with the KKK and white supremacist
because they're conservative this is
this we have to be very careful about
attributing terrorist ideologies to
broader movement and we're gonna have to
be pretty careful about that across the
board we're gonna have to be as as
statistically accurate as possible
I cut a video several years ago in which
I talked about how representative is
terrorist ideology of broader Islamic
ideology and I used polls to sort of
suss out the idea that there are tens of
millions of Muslims who believe the same
things that a lot of the terrorists
believed okay that many more Muslims as
a percentage believe the Islamist
ideology then conservatives believe
white supremacist ideology and yet the
media treated as precisely the opposite
and that's why that also explains the
media's reaction to these attacks being
an immediate leap to we have to prevent
Islamophobia because remember the bad
guys in this scenario are not Muslims
right they're not Muslims and they're
not radical is radical Islamist may be
the bad guys but they're a tiny offshoot
right there they're just isolated
incidents that are lone wolves they
don't represent anything broader but
white supremacist do represent something
broader the evil cruel conservative
white America and those are the people
we constantly have to be on guard
against that's why the media are
constantly jumping to prevent
Islamophobia after there's an Islamic
terror attack even though no know
mosques are being burned down there have
been any riots in the streets people are
not going crazy and beating Muslims
