in this episode I will spoil Star Wars
it's just for Malthus my producer I'm
not actually gonna do that but net
neutrality has come to an end which
means that Armageddon is upon us all the
children will die the seals will wither
in the Sun all of the terrible things
will happen or maybe not I will explain
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
[Music]
it's a Friday so we're all in a good
mood here around the office and hence
the the last Jedi reference I've not
seen it so I can't spoil anything about
last Jedi except I do know that Luke's
mechanical hand from Return of the Jedi
has now been replaced with a flipper
like a dolphin flipper that's that's
what I know about the movie so if the
spoiler alert he has a flipper for a
hand okay but in other news net
neutrality has come to an igneous end
and everyone is losing their mind we're
all going to die captain dogs will live
together the world will burst into flame
you'll have to choose between your two
firstborn children as to which one will
be sacrificed to AOL and which one will
be sacrificed to Verizon you will have
to make these decisions at least this is
what we've learned in the last 24 hours
after a set of regulations that really
didn't end up doing much well it's just
abolished by the FCC we'll get to all of
that but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
right now does it seem like there's a
lot of uncertainty in the world well it
should and one of the reasons it should
feel like there's a lot of uncertainty
in the world is because we no one knows
what the heck is going on any of whether
we're talking foreign policy whether
we're talking natural disasters or
whether we're just stopping the markets
where it seems like Bitcoin is riding
the roller coaster if you want an actual
asset that you know is going to have
value no matter what happens right so
you can't hack gold then you ought to be
looking at precious metals it's one of
the things that you ought to have part
of your portfolio in Birch gold makes
sure that can happen for you they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau contact
Birch gold group right now and you get a
16-page free kit revealing how gold and
silver can protect your savings and how
you can legally move your IRA or 401k
out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA to get your no cost
no obligation kit go to birchgold.com
slash Bend that's birchgold.com
slash been go over there check it out
ask all your questions and then when you
feel secure to invest then go to my
friends at Birch cool birchgold.com
slash bend use that slash pens that they
know that we say you okay so everyone
lost their mind yesterday because net
neutrality was repealed whoo now here's
the truth I've talked about net
neutrality here on the program a little
bit I was not in favor of net neutrality
I didn't interview with a chip I the
head of the FCC the guy who is most
responsible for getting rid of net
neutrality and I think
his answers were relatively good there
are decent arguments on both sides from
net neutrality there really are I'm
gonna try and be as objective as
possible about this and lay out the
argument for one side and then lay out
the argument for the other side and then
tell you why I come down on the side
that I come down basically here's how it
works
you order your internet from Verizon
Verizon is an internet service provider
Netflix buys data from Verizon so that
Netflix can actually be on the internet
and then you pay so that you have access
to Netflix right this is all common
sense this is how the internet works
well Verizon isn't as an ISP or or
Sprint's as an ISP is Sprint's and I
speak Comcast is an ISP and some of that
some of these ISPs they compete with one
another and one of the things that they
want to do is they want the ability to
privilege certain content above other
content when it comes to charging them
the reason for this is that basically
right now Netflix for example takes up
an enormous amount of bandwidth for
whatever ISP it is it is working with
and that drives up the price for
bandwidth for smaller providers so it is
quite possible than an ISP may launch
that wants to charge Netflix more per
byte of data and therefore drive the
price down for the other people who are
using the Internet right or it's
possible that the ISP may say to Netflix
listen you want to load faster than
other sites you can pay us a premium all
of this is fine right I don't see a huge
problem with any of this the only
problem with any of this is if there is
a monopoly or oligopoly and here's the
argument in favor of net neutrality so
let's say that you only have one
internet service provider in your area
the reason that you probably only have
one internet service provider in your
area is because a lot of local
government regulations make it difficult
to build an ISP in order to lay down
broadband you actually have to have
government rights of way and a lot of
local governments will put conditions on
the various companies that want to come
in so that creates a sort of oligopoly
situation the idea here is let's say
that there's Comcast and Comcast owns
Netflix so let's just say they bought
Netflix and they want to help Netflix
but they want to hurt Hulu so they
slowed down artificially the speed on
Hulu encouraging people to subscribe to
Netflix instead of subscribing to Hulu
right this is the great fear that
Comcast is basically gonna strangle in
the crib competition - it's vertically
integrated companies and this is not an
idle worry in a monopoly situation you
theoretically could do this so the anti
net neutrality people will say listen we
already have anti competition
regulations in place right you can
actually prosecute monopolies that are
acting as monopolies the FTC the Federal
Trade Commission can crackdown the FCC
can crackdown on this you don't need to
basically mandate that all traffic be
treated the same or be charged the same
because again maybe you want to charge
your Netflix more because it's taking up
more bandwidth maybe you want to charge
the pornography company that's taking up
an enormous amount of bandwidth on your
computer more maybe you want to do all
of those things so everybody who is in
favor of net neutrality says well the
ISPs shouldn't be allowed to do that
when you buy an internet uplink then you
should basically get all the pages at
the same rate and for a given price but
the truth is that you're actually
redistributing cost right let's say that
my grandmother doesn't use Netflix well
her internet price the price that
Comcast is charging for her is actually
going to be higher than normally would
be if for example they could divide out
Netflix and have you pay a subscription
fee for a faster internet service
against Netflix faster and she's
actually subsidizing me because I'm
using Netflix and she isn't she doesn't
have to use very much data I have to use
more data and there's a sort of free
distributive mechanism that happens so
these are the two arguments one is that
Olga Polly means that the government has
to come in and regulate the ISPs they
don't strangle Netflix or YouTube or any
other any other outlet that they want to
strangle and people against net
neutrality say well if you actually want
to foster competition in the ISP space
if you want a proper distribution of
cost then you actually need to let
competition take over now in order for
competition to take over it's not enough
for the federal government just to get
rid of net neutrality the federal
government also needs to encourage all
of these companies to start investing in
local areas and local governments need
to start encouraging all the ISPs to
invest in building new broadband
networks okay so those are the arguments
the reason I come down against net
neutrality is because I don't think that
the the answer to oligopoly is more
oligopoly once you enshrine the idea and
create barriers to entry that every
piece of data has to be treated the same
then what is the comparative advantage
of a small start-up company as opposed
to Comcast the answer is none but it can
be very difficult for them to compete in
that market that is why you see all of
these small ISPs actually in favor of
getting rid of net neutrality the
companies you see in favor of keeping
that neutrality our companies like
Netflix they don't want to pay more for
that fast tolling on the Internet
highway okay now here's the truth no
matter what happened with net neutrality
the internet was not going
to be radically different it was not
going to radically change because of
Comcast were to start strangling hulu in
its crib there would be competitive
ramifications for that in the
marketplace people would start out to
start opting for Verizon instead of
Comcast there would be an effort by
smaller ISPs to get in the market
competition would become a thing and
it's very interesting to me that a lot
of the same people who are deeply
concerned with big corporations like
Comcast strangling various companies
they don't like aren't seemingly
unconcerned about Facebook or YouTube or
Twitter strangling political positions
they don't like right Twitter routinely
knocks people off line for things that
Twitter doesn't like YouTube will D
monetize videos they don't like my
friends at places like ladder with
Crowder and Dave Rubin they've been
demonetized Prager University have been
too monetized by YouTube I don't see the
same people who are complaining about
net neutrality complaining the YouTube
is not treating all content the same and
they're all in favor of all content be
treating the same being treated the same
when it comes to their favorite outlets
but when it comes to their favorite
political views they have nothing to say
I'm pretty consistent on this I think
YouTube has the right to crackdown on
videos it doesn't like they have the
right to do it they're wrong to do it
but they have the right to do it and I
think ISPs have the right to do it
similarly I think competition in the
marketplace keeps a lot of these
companies honest okay so with all of
that said there's this weird idea that
was going around that the end of the
internet was gonna happen yesterday CNN
actually headlined end of the Internet
and yet strangely their article appeared
on the Internet
after this after all of this had
happened right but the level of outrage
and insanity was so high so I want to
show you some of these tweets and some
of them are totally crazy
this one is from GLAAD the Gay and
Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation they
literally tweeted the repeal of net
neutrality is an attack on the LGBTQ
community okay so number one anytime
GLAAD headlines anything you could just
get rid of the first four words and
simple and put any other four words in
there Republican tax cuts are an attack
on the LGBT community dog catchers are
an attack on the LGBTQ community if you
think that net neutrality is a specific
and attack on on gay people I don't know
it's tell you there are lots of straight
people who use the internet gang and
that seems like a bit of a stretch to me
Banksy whose most well known for
basically graffitiing other people's
property he tweeted this nonsense out
Twitter $14.99 a month
snapchat nine
ninety-nine a month YouTube 1990 and a
month Netflix $9.99 per movie Google
$1.99 per search if you don't want to
pay extra for your favorite sites you
need to be supporting net neutrality
this is incoherent okay its incoherent
you know why netflix can't charge $14.99
a month cuz no one will pay 15 bucks for
Twitter okay you know why Twitter can't
charge that cuz no one will pay that
money for Twitter no one on earth you
know why Netflix can't charge $9.99 a
movie because no one's gonna pay $9.99 a
movie for the stuff that's on Netflix
it's not going to happen because there's
a thing called Amazon right this this
whole idea that that Google is gonna
charge $1.99 per search well if they
want to make Bing the biggest thing on
planet Earth they could do that I
suppose but this makes it makes no sense
at all it's absolute utter horse crap
but this is the sort of alarmism that
you saw on the internet yesterday we're
all gonna die you're gonna have to
sacrifice your dog to the gods of
Twitter if you want to maintain your
Twitter account chuck schumer tweeted
out if net neutrality is eliminated the
internet may start to resemble a toll
road but the highest bidder is cruising
along private fast lanes while the rest
of us an inch along the single traffic
took public Lane number one Chuck
Schumer is the senator from New York New
York is a lot of toll roads they work
really well toll roads are actually kind
of great one of the reasons toll roads
exist is because number one they
actually clear out a lane okay toll road
to actually relieve traffic on the rest
of the lane usually a toll road is added
to it is not subtracted from usually
don't just take one of the lanes of the
highway and call it a toll road usually
you build an extra Lane and then that's
a toll road and so all of that money
goes toward upkeep on the highway and if
you want to pay for the toll road then
you get a fast lane if that were really
true then toll roads on the internet
we're fine Netflix would pay a little
bit more for their internet speed you
might pay a little bit more if you use
netflix a lot and you pay a little bit
less if you use netflix a lot which
seems fair to me frankly if you don't
understand how this works think about
bundled cable basically net neutrality
is bundled cable you have to pay one
price for everything and if you get rid
of net neutrality even according to the
worst case you know scenario people but
the idea here would be they get to pick
and choose which is PDUs based on the
services that it provides number one I
don't think that's actually gonna happen
but even if it did happen I'm not sure
that it's the end of the world well I
did in that the alarmism didn't stop
there Bernie Sanders did the same thing
he said net neutrality is gonna be the
end of the world first of all the last
time Bernie Sanders
use the interwebs was 1997 he used a
dial-up AOL modem Bernie Sanders I'm not
sure knows what a computer is yeah but
here is Bernie Sanders the socialist
talking about why net neutrality matters
despite the fact that the Internet is
the greatest the greatest and freest and
most open market in the history of
mankind and he opposes open markets here
here's Bernie Sanders a disastrous
decision it impact every American
it will give huge advantages to big
corporations of the small businesses the
big media companies over smaller media
outlets we've got to do everything we
can to defeat this thing in the courts
and defeated legislatively okay so the
other time I going to the courts first
of all Democrats can't go to the courts
okay administrative decisions like this
are not appealable if Bernie Sanders
wants net neutrality he can damn well
push for it in Congress which by the way
is where it should have been pushed for
in the first place this is not a
regulatory decision regulating the
internet like like the DWP under title 2
regulating it like a telephone company
under the under the title 2 makes no
sense legally if you want to do this do
it through Congress in a second I'm
going to explain I mean I'm gonna let
really add your PI the head of the FCC
explain why it is that that net
neutrality is a bad idea but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at filter by comm so you don't
think very much about the filters the
air filters in your house well you
should because you know what happens
right every five years somehow you start
feeling sick you look up at your air
filters and it turns out they they're
just filled with garbage and mold and
dust and yuck
well that's why you need filter by comm
right now go to filter by comm you get
the best price on top quality filters
shipped within 24 hours plus free
shipping Americans spend 90% of their
times of their time indoors according to
studies the air you and your family
breathe contains up to 100 times greater
air pollution levels than the air
outside yes even in places like Los
Angeles filter by comm we'll send you
the size you need within 24 hours plus
free shipping plus all their filters are
manufactured right here in the United
States they can ship any size in any
quantity and you save 5% when you set up
auto delivery and then you never have to
think about the air filters again so
instead of you just waiting until
somebody says god it smells terrible in
your house now the air filters arrived
it reminds you just the fact that they
arrived reminds you to replace the air
filters and you never have to worry
about it again because it's not
your vent size is constantly changing
once you register once everybody knows
right there the company knows which
filters to send you changing your HVAC
filters is easy it's worthwhile it helps
keep you healthy business owners also
love filter by comm because they're
really busy and don't want to think
about air filters and you can order
whatever quantity you need no matter the
size of your office so cleaner air lower
utility utility bees health bills
healthier you it's the fastest way to
order any size in any quantity at the
best price free shipping filter by comm
today check out filter by dot-com today
okay so yesterday or the day before I
had the chance to speak with a I
adjure pie is the head of the FCC and he
explained to me I asked him specifically
about the big question if there's an
Oleg Appa Lee right if there's only one
Internet service provider in your area
then shouldn't net neutrality be a thing
right shouldn't we force that oligopoly
to treat all Internet traffic the same
so it can't strangle off Hulu or Netflix
or YouTube or whichever app it wants to
in favor of its own content here was a
 I explaining
two different points number one I agree
that we need more competition and that's
why over the last 11 months that I've
been in office as the chairman of the
FCC we've undertaken a number of
initiatives to promote a lot more
competition getting more wireless
spectrum out there for wireless carriers
to use making it easier for smaller
fiber providers to enter the marketplace
getting the next generation of satellite
companies into the marketplace to
provide an alternative to the
terrestrial folks so we're promoting
more competition that way number two
ironically these heavy-handed internet
regulations imposed by the FCC in 2015
take us in the opposite direction they
make it a harder it's already hard as it
is for a lot of these smaller internet
service providers to build a business
case for deploying Internet
infrastructure especially in rural and
low-income urban areas these regulations
