president Trump threatens around with
fire and fury the long-awaited FISA
warrants application against Carter
pages released sort of and president
Trump's poll numbers still look solid
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh boy do we have a lot to get to today
and we will get to all of it but first I
want to remind you that if you want the
best watches in the business for the
lowest possible price then you need to
shop with my friends over at
movementmovement' watches this company
has grown like crazy and now with almost
2 million watches sold in 160 plus
countries they continue to revolutionize
fashion on the belief that style should
not break the bank
I know movements great because I have
moved in sunglasses I have to movement
watches my wife has to movement watches
my parents have movement watches
everybody around the studio has movement
watches that is because they are clean
they're well-designed they don't break
they're just terrific go check them out
right now movement watches are all about
looking good and keeping it simple
they've expanded the sunglasses in
fashion for bracelets for her as well
and they don't just tell you how many
steps you've taken or blow your wrist up
with text messages the way that some of
these newfangled watches do instead they
tell you the time the way that it's
supposed to be told
movement watches start it's just 95
bucks at a department store you're
looking at four hundred five hundred
bucks
movement figured out that by selling
online it could cut out the middleman
and retail markup providing the best
possible price its classic design its
quality construction it's styled
minimalism again I have two of these
things and they are just terrific
get 15% off today with free shipping and
free returns by going to MVM t.com
shapiro that's MV MT comm slash appear
ocy movement keeps growing check out
their expanding collection go to mV mt
comm slash appear oh and join the
movement okay so today everyone is in a
sheer state of panic we're all going to
die well well it's true we will all
eventually die what everyone is
apparently very afraid of is that we are
going to get into nuclear exchange with
the Iranians who we were told by the way
don't have nuclear weapons why is
everyone so worried today well because
Iranian dictator Hassan rouhani who
really is just a stand-in for the
mullahs
he said over the weekend that if the
United States got into a shooting war
with the Iranians then it would be the
quote-unquote mother of all wars now
this is something that the Iranians have
been saying frequently since 1979 the
mother of all wars we're gonna take on
the great Satan and all the rest of it
well president Trump was in kind of a
bad mood over the weekend you can just
tell like from his Twitter feed you
could tell the news in a bad mood one of
the nice things about the president it's
so funny everybody is always doing this
sort of Kremlinology
on the administration Kremlinology is
what people used to do in the 1980s
1970s where you were trying to figure
out by the public statements
of the Russian administration the Soviet
Union you're trying to figure out what
it was they were thinking so it's all
this kind of puzzling out what exactly
are they doing behind the scenes with
President Trump ain't no Kremlinology
okay it's just what the guy says on
Twitter so president Trump goes on
Twitter and he tweets out this to
Iranian president rouhani and then this
is all in capitals all in capitals never
ever threaten the United States again or
you will suffer consequences the likes
of which view throughout history have
ever suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death be
cautious and it's all in capital letters
when the caps lock I invented caps lock
little did he know that it was going to
lead to a nuclear exchange this is
apparently the sort of DEFCON 2 of
Twitter if Twitter actually had a bold
or italics function then we'd presumably
in the middle be in the middle of the
nuclear exchange already now people on
the Left take this tweet and they say
well this means that the President of
the United States is going to start a
war with Iran he's going to go into Iran
to distract from his domestic scandals
hey first of all why would he possibly
want to distract from the fact that his
poll numbers are pretty good as we're
gonna get to in just one second but
second of all I think that we need to
take a little bit of a deep breath when
it comes to president Trump's tweeting I
have been saying this consistently for
more than two years that just because
the president tweets something doesn't
mean that it means anything I'm old
enough to remember when the President of
the United States said about North Korea
that there would be fire and fury and
fury and fire and fire fury fire fury I
remember that and it was oh my god we're
going to war with North Korea we're all
going to die and then there was a
missile alert a fake missile alert over
Hawaii and everybody said oh we're on
the brink of massive thermonuclear war
and then it turns out that President
Trump all he really wanted was to go to
South Korea and play golf with Kim
jong-un that's really all he wanted out
of the thing and then he came back and
he said the Kim Jong who had been
disarmed which he hadn't and then that
was pretty much the end of it we went
back to what we were doing before which
was waiting around the idea that Trump
is about to go to war with the Iranians
cuz the Iranians said something is so
ridiculous that it is beyond compare all
of the people out there who are doing
the panic attacks stuff oh were he's
he's got his finger on the nuclear
button we're all going to die he's been
in office for a year and a half we have
never been close to any sort of serious
military activity
we haven't and all of the talk about how
were five seconds away from the nukes
flying first of all I think that's an
implicit rebuke to the Obama
administration who which has said that
the Iranians are definitely trying to
moderate you remember Obama said this
they're definitely trying to moderate
they don't want nuclear weapons all they
want is nuclear power all they really
want is to be brought into the family of
Nations all we have to do is drop
billions of dollars in cash at their
front door on pallets and everything
will be hunky-dory well so much for that
idea it turns out that if you're gonna
talk about failed administration
policies with regard to Iran you might
want to start with the prior
administration not with the current
administration if you want to talk about
you know Trump's rhetoric you may want
to talk more about the fact that
President Obama hands in actual cash to
terrorists with the suggestion that this
was somehow going to turn them into a
bunch of moderates and now here they are
talking about the mother of all wars
okay so President Trump says all of this
and everybody goes nuts over all this
now is is all of this really good should
the president be tweeting all of this
stuff
I don't know makes much of a difference
except that American credibility when it
comes to military action is not at an
all-time high the presidents of the
United States he was the one who said
during the campaign you don't want to
Telegraph your intentions all the time
you sort of want to surprise people with
what you're gonna do you want to be
unpredictable well the president is
predictably unpredictable what that
means is when he says stuff like this he
can fairly guarantee there's no war
coming the president has the opposite
approach of Teddy Roosevelt Teddy
Roosevelt famously said that you have to
speak softly and carry a big stick for
President Trump it's tweet loudly and
then get together with some facetime and
Pat each other on the back so I think
the chances are much better that there
is some sort of summit in Dubai between
Trump and rouhani within the next year
and a half that any sort of serious
military activity happens between Iran
in the United States in the next year
and a half but it just goes to show you
the tenterhooks that Democrats are on
Democrats are so concerned everybody is
so concerned and here's the thing I
don't think that that's true I don't
even think that the Democrats are all
that concerned about this stuff I really
don't think the Democrats think that the
missiles are fly and that we're this far
away from nuclear war I think they are
just trying to promote a notion that we
are very close to some sort of
destabilizing event even though things
are relatively stable and here's the
thing the American people are not buying
this the American people aren't buying
this in any real way and the way you can
tell this is you can look at the
presidents poll approval number so
according to a brand-new Rasmussen poll
president Trump's approval numbers have
now climbed back to 46% which is near
the highest of his presidency all the
other polls have reflected that bump as
well the NBC Wall Street Journal poll
over the weekend showed Trump at an
all-time high of 45 percent now it is
important to note that 45% is not 50%
but it is also important to note that
the presidents of the United States won
his election when his approval rating
was about 40 to 43 percent so you don't
have to have really high approval
ratings in order to win a presidential
election and all of this despite the
fact that president Trump's moves with
Vladimir Putin last week in the Helsinki
conference were not wildly popular with
anybody except for Republicans the poll
showed 53% of Republicans approved of
Trump's behavior at his meeting with
Russian dictator Vladimir Putin which
isn't a good number among Republicans
only six percent of Democrats did but
none of that mattered much to the
overall approval for President Trump the
overall approval among Republicans for
president Trump currently stands at 88
percent that is the highest intra-party
approval ever polled ever polled
so among Republicans no president has
ever been more popular than president
Trump is right now and that has
something to do with President Truman
has a lot more to do with President
Trump's opponents as we'll talk about in
a little while so what exactly is
bolstering Trump's high approval rating
or at least decent approval rating right
now well the NBC Wall Street Journal
poll suggests that Trump is very very
reliant on the economy so 50 percent of
Americans like the way he is handling
the economy as opposed to only 36
percent of Americans who don't so all
the Democratic talk about how the
economy is going to collapse because of
the tax cuts around the verge of an
economic breakdown most Americans don't
believe that they believe the economy is
strong and President Trump is feeling
the effects of that 51 percent of
Americans disliked the way that Trump
has handled Putin overall 58 percent
disapprove of his immigration policy 53
percent approve of his tariff policy
what this adds up to is about 45% of
Americans overall approve of President
Trump which for president Trump is a
very good number 45 46 % and here's the
thing those poll numbers have really not
budged much for the President of the
United States in the last two-and-a-half
years Trump's approval rating has been
remarkably stable since long before he
was President of the United States
he began his presidency at about 44% he
is now at 45% after a year and a half
not a lot of volatility in those polls
news coverage simply doesn't touch
Trump it doesn't touch him because
pretty much everything is baked in when
people have an image of particular
people and they jump to that image
whenever they are in town so Republicans
have an image of President Trump as a
fighter who's willing to take on the
media and who's being wrongly maligned
by a bunch of people on the left and so
whenever anything bad happens to Trump
they jump right into that framework and
Democrats have a framework of Trump
where everything he's doing is
simultaneously buffoonish and evil it's
manipulative and clownish those are the
two things that Trump is according to
the left and so anything that Trump does
has to fall into one of those two
categories but the bottom line is that
Trump is basically the Super Bowl of
public opinion everybody has an opinion
about the Super Bowl everybody watches
the Super Bowl everybody watches the
commercial you're president Trump is the
center of the universe of the political
universe right now he's the thing
everybody is watching and everybody is
talking about and so that means that
everyone already has an opinion on him I
mean they're no undecideds when it comes
to President Trump you can't find one
seriously can you name anyone in your
own personal life who doesn't have an
opinion about President Trump of course
not and that means that his approval
ratings are going to be relatively
stable now is that good for Republicans
are bad for Republicans well it's good
for presidential elections it's good for
presidential elections because it means
that the presidential election won't
actually be a referendum on President
Trump it will be a referendum on the
income it will be in a referendum on who
the Democrats pick and this was for in
2016 if you look at 2016 the media got
it completely wrong about who the
referendum was about now I got the
election result wrong just like every
other pollster but what I did get right
as I said this was not going to be a
referendum on President Trump it was
going to be a referendum on Hillary
Clinton because Trump was very stable
but Hillary was bouncing around all over
the place the truth is that Trump his
election his election urine played a lot
more like an incumbent incumbent
president's usually win and the reason
they usually win when I say usually I
mean that only one president has ever
been defeated after one term without a
serious third party challenger since
1932 okay so it's been nearly a century
since somebody lost with without a
one-pot without a third-party challenger
the only exception being Jimmy Carter in
1980 the reason for that as incumbents
are well known we know them we have
opinions about them and that means that
we are really more thinking about what
the other guy be better than this person
would you take the devil you know over
the devil you don't
and some
President Trump that's how the 2016
election acted right people already were
saying okay we know who Trump is we just
don't know who Hillary is and people
eventually decided we don't like her
enough to elevate her above Trump in the
electoral college well the same thing is
going to happen in 2020 the same thing
is going to happen but there are other
ramifications as well talk about those
in just a second first let's talk about
how much money you're spending on stamps
okay the reality is then when you go to
the post office you're spending more
money than you are actually spending
just being the post office post office
is great but you spent the money on gas
to get there you spent the times you get
there there's no reason for you to do
any of that instead go to stamps com
there you can access all the amazing
services of the post office directly
from your desk 24/7 when it's convenient
for you you buy and print official US
postage for any letter any package using
your own computer and printer
the mail carrier picks it up you click
print mail and you're done
we'll use stamps calm here at the office
it ensures that our employees don't have
to run over the post office all the time
also they can automatically gauge how
much postage is going to cost you
printed out right on to the letter or
onto a piece of paper or onto a sticker
you stick it on the mail and you're
ready to go and right now when you use
Shapiro you get a special offer promo
code Shapiro it includes up to 55 bucks
of free postage plus a digital scale and
a four week trial don't wait though -
stamps calm and before you do anything
else click on the radio microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
promo code Shapiro we use it at the
Shapiro household also a daily wire go
check it out right now stamps comm enter
that promo code Shapiro for that special
deal 55 bucks of free postage digital
scale four week trial it saves you time
it saves you money you get all the great
services of the post office without
actually having to go to the post office
so that stamps calm promo code Shapiro
okay so president Trump's approval
ratings continue to be fine no matter
what he does there is one area however
where his approval ratings do actually
tend to go so I think politics is sort
of like a balloon if you squeeze one
area of the balloon the pressure is
going to emerge in another area of the
balloon and right now the pressure with
regard to President Trump is tremendous
which means there's no air in that part
of the balloon my Trump has squeezed all
the air out of this part of the balloon
so where is all that air pressure going
it's going into the congressional races
so every time Trump does something that
is not great what happens is not that an
effects President Trump it actually
doesn't and instead effects
congressional elections and I'm saying
that because I don't think that it's
unique about Trump I think it's true for
virtually every president virtually
every president is baked in so George W
Bush was baked in which is why he won
re-election Barack Obama was baked in
which is why he won re-election well I
mean baked in I mean people already have
their opinions and those opinions on
remarkably stable about who the
president of the United States is that
means then when things go wrong it
doesn't actually reflect on the
President of the United States instead
it tends to reflect on the congressional
races and you can see that so in the
last month and a half
Trump's approval rating has basically
been the same or higher but the
Congressional generic ballot has changed
radically in favor of Democrats so at
the beginning of June Democrats led
Republicans in the generic ballot by
three percentage points now that number
is seven point four percent according to
Real Clear Politics so looking at
president Trump's approval numbers and
saying that he is successful or
unsuccessful based on those approval
numbers I think is a bit of a misdirect
you know President Obama also had
remarkably stable poll approval numbers
there were always around 50% they never
sank lower than about 47% and then
everyone hired about 53% right Obama's
ratings were stable but because the
presidency is not where we put our
energies because we are already invested
in the presidency our feelings tend to
come out in congressional races a lot
more so Barack Obama wins reelection
relatively easily over Mitt Romney and
he loses congressional seats in
virtually every election right he gets
blown out in 2010 Democrats have not
