as the 2018 election approaches both
parties prepare president Trump takes on
the New York Times and the Muller
blowback continues I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show I hope you had a
wonderful weekend I actually had a
wonderful weekend it was really nice I
got to spend time with my wife and my
kids which is my favorite thing to do
and take cocaine that's not a thing that
I did over the weekend but in any case
let's talk about things that you should
have done over the weekend but you
didn't okay like get new blinds for your
apartment the fact is look at those
blinds
those things are hideous look at the
place you live care enough to live like
it's a pigsty go out and get some nice
blinds okay you don't think about your
blinds very often because why would you
but when you actually look at them you
realize that you need an upgrade and
that's where blinds calm comes in so go
check them out
right now they make it really easy for
you to replace those blinds not sure
what you want even where to start with
blinds calm you get a free online design
consultation just in the pictures of
your home they send back custom
recommendations from a professional for
what's gonna work with your color scheme
your furniture and specific rooms they
will even send you free samples to make
sure everything looks as good in person
as it does online every order gets free
shipping and this is the best part if
you screw it up lines comm will remake
your blinds for free if you accidentally
mismeasure or you pick the wrong color
they'll make it for though they'll redo
it for you it's it's just amazing okay
there's no reason for your place to look
like a trash heap instead go over to
blinds comm and get it fixed 20% off
everything right now at blinds comm when
you use promo code Ben that's blinds
comm promo code Ben for 20% off
everything has the faux wood lines the
cellular shades the roller shades and
more blinds calm promo code Ben rules
and restrictions apply they're awesome
we've used them for our own home I vouch
for their their customer service is
really terrific go check it out
blinds.com promo code banner alright so
it was a busy weekend not only for me
but for Rudolph Jae Giuliani I don't
actually know his middle initial list
but in any case Rudy Giuliani former
mayor of New York he is now president
Trump's personal attorney and he was on
national television over the weekend and
on Monday morning talking about the
President of the United States and
Michael Kahn now as you recall when last
we left our compelling narrative Michael
Kahn the president's other former
personal attorney he had been arrested
well not really arrested but raided by
the FBI the FBI had gone into his office
they'd found all sorts of recordings and
then Michael Kahn had begun to sing like
a bird in the press he had gone out
there and suggested that the President
of the United States had in fact paid
off a bunch of women he
tapes to prove it and then he suggested
that President Trump knew about a 2016
June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump
jr. and members of the Trump campaign
and this woman in Natalya vessel nets
kya who is a Russian hired lawyer who
was supposed to be a go-between
supposedly between the Russian
government and the Trump campaign and
Cohen says Trump knew about this now he
has no tapes to prove it but we're
supposed to believe Michael Cohen anyway
which would be fine except that Michael
Cohen is a pathological liar but so is
everybody else apparently like this is
the problem with politics pretty much
everybody's a pathological liar so who
do you believe and the answer is you
really shouldn't believe anybody but I
will say that Rudy Giuliani is in an
awkward position because now he's the
president's personal attorney on the
mulher investigation and the Cohen
matters and Giuliani has two jobs one is
to try and exonerate his man right to
make sure the president Trump doesn't
get in trouble they doäôt not be in and
two is to perform for president Trump
and that's not the easiest job because
President Trump likes performative
people he elects people who go out there
and do these kind of loyalty shows on
national TV we know this about President
Trump he's he's a guy who enjoys the
visual and so there's been true since
the beginning of his administration
people in his administration say and
have said that when they once he talked
to President Trump what they try to do
is go on national TV on a show they know
he is watching and then talk to him that
way because he likes to watch the telly
so Rudy Giuliani was on the telly and he
was talking about Michael Kohn and what
he had to say about Michael Kohn it may
be good it may be entertaining for
president Trump but it's not great for
public relations if you're trying to
make sure that your client looks
innocent you probably shouldn't say
stuff like this turned out to have a
close friend betray him like like Iago
betrayed a cello and Brutus put the last
knife in the season okay she's going to
full Shakespeare references right there
Iago betraying Othello and Brutus taking
the last knife Caesar there a couple of
problems with this particular analogy
one Iago succeeded in destroying Othello
and also Brutus succeeded in killing
Caesar so if he's if he's likening Rocco
and Brutus to Michael Kohn what he's
basically saying is Michael Cohen's
gonna take down the President of the
United States well that's not so great
also just this kind of vitriolic back
and forth is not useful like having your
lawyer out there saying listen Michael
Kohn has a long history of dishonesty
Michael Cohen
has described himself as loyal to the
presidents as the president's bagman and
all this routine and the media hated him
and thought he was dishonest until he
flipped and all the sudden you guys
think he's honest as the day is long all
that would be fine but the Shakespearean
reference is probably not good and then
Rudy Giuliani goes even further and this
is where he gets himself in real hot
water he's talking about President Trump
not colluding with the Russians and then
he drops this line
he was never involved in intimate
business relationship with Donald Trump
never that's just four months they're
not gonna be polluting about Russians
which I'm not even know if that's a
crime colluding about Russians okay you
start you start analyzing the crime the
hacking is the crime the present impact
course not that's the originator
bragging okay so the the goal posts are
now moving and then it's very difficult
to see the to see this playing well in
in the public sphere because when you
got your personal lawyer going out there
and the goalposts moved from he didn't
collude to even if he did collude it's
not a crime people start to think well
did he or didn't he like me here's the
thing
Giuliani isn't wrong okay I've gone
through the statutes with regard to
collusion okay there's no there's no
actual statute on collusion there are
statutes about conspiracy there's
a-there statutes about campaign finance
violations then all sorts of statutes
that could be implicated if the
presidents of the United States was in
fact colluding with the Russians in
order to shift the results of the 2016
election right there are actual statutes
that are on point but they don't talk
about collusion they talk about a
variety of other specific crimes
collusion is a blanket umbrella term
that is supposed to cover a wide variety
of activities so when Giuliani says
collusion itself isn't a crime this is
technically true however the question is
not that the question is is it
impeachable okay is it something where
the American people turn on the
President of the United States and say
you are guilty of trying to interfere
with the election by working with the
Russians to do so doesn't matter where
there's a criminal trial the real
question is whether the American people
decide that they are so sick of all of
this that they asked Trump in 2020 or
they asked Republicans in 2018 and then
an impeachment takes place right so when
Giuliani says this sort of stuff it's
just not useful now I'm somebody who
doesn't believe the President of the
United States colluded with the Russians
I don't think that's a thing I don't see
any evidence so far and the President of
the United States was working with the
Russians and they were coordinating
their activities and that these
coordinated active
exchanges of information played any part
in the actual election cycle itself so
again I don't see why Rudy Giuliani's
moving on this point but unfortunately
he's not the only person in Trump's camp
who's saying this sort of thing
chris Christie this morning came out and
said exactly the same thing he's on
national TV and Christie said the same
thing he said I'm not sure collusion is
a crime don't shift the goalposts
publicly if the goalposts like just as a
lawyer okay putting on my lawyer hat if
I'm arguing for my client my first
argument from our clients is my client
is innocent and then if it turns out
that my client is guilty of something my
second line of defense is even if my
client is guilty of that it's not a real
crime but I don't preemptively go to my
second defense I don't preemptively go
to well I'm not sure collusion is a
crime because this is all a public
relations battle and this is what has
bogged down the Trump administration not
the actual criminal proceedings the
actual criminal proceedings take time
they take money all of the hearings all
the interviews all that stuff is
expensive and all that stuff is annoying
but that's not really what's bogged down
the administration what's bogged down
the administration is this perception
that President Trump is is guilty of
something now most Americans don't
actually believe that President Trump is
guilty of something which is why it's
weird that Rudy Giuliani is is out there
saying that collusion is not a crime
it's just it's a it's a huge unforced
error by Rudy Giuliani and it doesn't
help when the president is tweeting
about robert muller so president Trump
continues to tweet about Muller and here
is what he tweeted over the weekend he
tweeted there is no collusion the Robert
Muller rigs witch-hunts headed now by 17
increased from 13 including the Obama
White House lawyer angry Democrats was
started by fraudulent hace a paid for by
crooked Hillary in the DNC therefore the
witch-hunt is an illegal scam okay then
here's the thing some of what he's
saying here is true okay this idea that
the this idea that the Muller
investigation was at least partially
reliant on a dossier funded by Hillary
Clinton that's true
but I don't know what the point of this
is other than to to sound off now listen
Republicans believe President Trump I
think most Americans are relatively I
would say skeptical of the mother
investigation I think rightfully so but
I'm not sure that at this point the
president's constant focus on this thing
is helping
he also tweeted out his Robert Miller
ever going to release his conflicts of
interest with respect to president Trump
including the fact that we had a very
nasty and contentious business relation
I turned him down to head the FBI one
day before appointment as SC a special
counsel and Comey is his close friend
also Weissmuller only appointing angry
democrats some of whom have worked for
crooked Hillary others including himself
worked for Obama and why isn't Muller
looking at all of the criminal activity
and real Russian collusion on the
Democratic side Podesta dossier I think
there's some actual real good questions
to be asked about the Muller
investigation and why they've not for
example looked into Podesta or if they
have how much they have and if they've
looked into the dossier how much they
have done that but remember every
Republican including Newt Gingrich was
out there saying that Muller was honest
an honest man and now Trump is out there
slamming Muller the question is does
this make Trump look more innocent or
doesn't make him look more guilty now
people who already believe he's innocent
are gonna say it makes them look more
innocent because he's an outraged man
okay fair enough but for the vast
moderate undecided in the middle do you
really think that they look at tweets
like this and Rudy Giuliani's statement
and say this sounds like a guy who's
being wrongly maligned or do they look
at that stuff and say well maybe there's
something to this again I'm saying this
is someone who believes there is not
something to this or at least the
evidence has not been shown that there
is something to this yet this is what I
find so confusing I'm not I'm not sure I
understand the public relations strategy
on all of this and the Republicans are
getting involved in this too it's not
just Trump and the Trump administration
Devin Nunes who's the who's the House
Committee Chairman for intelligence he
came forward and he says that the DOJ
and the FBI been stalling turning over
their documents because they hope the
GOP will lose the midterms and then they
won't have to turn over those documents
so he's going after the DOJ and the FBI
here is Devin Nunez from from California
there's a stall game going on at DOJ and
FBI they're trying to stall as much as
they can hoping and betting that
Republicans would lose the house in the
fall okay so and there's this is all fun
there's only one problem with it and
that is if the president wants to
declassify this stuff you can declassify
this stuff now if it's true there's this
awful conspiracy going on inside the DOJ
inside the FBI and the President of the
United States has an obligation an
obligation does he classify all of this
material so we can see what is actually
going on here it's not enough to sit
there and complain about rod Rosenstein
and attorney general sessions and and
and the and the head of the FBI right
it's not it's not enough to do that is
it because first of all Trump appointed
all those people
so if you're really upset about this
stuff then Trump's ought to be tweeting
less and declassifying more if we really
want to get past all this tweet less
declassify more this is my advice you
know the president doesn't have to take
it he's obviously done well not taking
my advice before but I do think that it
would behoove him to recognize that the
the base that brought him here is not
going to be enough to win reelection or
necessarily to do well in the 2018
midterm elections okay before I continue
along these lines and I want to talk
about President Trump versus the media I
want to talk about the the incipient
government shutdown but we'll talk first
about the fact that you need to make a
resume better okay the reality is the
economy is doing really well right now
so that means that there are lots of
opportunities out there for you well if
there are lots of opportunities you need
to be making your resume constantly
better and that's where Skillshare comes
in it's an online learning platform with
over 20,000 classes in business design
technology and more you can take classes
in social media marketing and
illustration data science mobile
photography creative writing you name it
they've got it and whether you're trying
to deepen your professional skill set or
start a side hustle or just explore that
new passion skill share is there to keep
you learning and thriving we here at the
office have used skill share for a
variety of classes I've used it for
social media marketing as well as for
watercolours because I need to relax
sometimes guys and that's what skill
share can do for you again they have all
these experts these classes are like 45
minutes and they really are first-rate
join the millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today well the
special offer just for my listeners get
two months of Skillshare for just 99
cents again Skillshare is offering ben
shapiro show listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 20,000 classes
for just 99 cents to sign up go to
Skillshare comm slash Shapiro at
Skillshare comm slash up hero you can
start your two months right now skills
shared comm slash up here I'll go check
it out
it's a lot of fun to end you're gonna be
learning and making your resume better
which means you're gonna get paid more
down the line with these additional
skills skills shared comm slash capiro
go check it out right now okay so the
president is obviously very focused on
the Muller investigation which i think
is a waste of effort I think it's a
waste of effort the mother investigation
is going to do what the mother
investigation is going to do the
president's is not going to fire robert
muller the republicans are not going to
impeach rod Rosenstein it's a lot of
sound and fury signifying nothing and in
the end I don't think that Muller is
gonna come up with anything anyway what
I really think is going on here you know
there are a lot of people who say okay
so then why is Trump so fussy about this
if there's nothing happening why is from
so upset well
you'd be upset too if somebody suggested
that your election victory was not real
and that it had been achieved by
colluding with a foreign power but all
of that said the president really is not
doing himself any service with his great
frustration a lot of a lot of the
president's mistakes have been made out
of a sense of frustration and there's no
reason you should feel frustrated right
now the economy is doing really well
he's doing finding the approval ratings
all he ought to be doing is focusing on
what is the program for 2018 and beyond
because the polls right now are not
looking good for the Republicans in 2018
so how's it gonna turn this thing around
well it's just a few months to go here
right now there were two polls last week
that came out D plus 12 in the generic
congressional ballot okay that has to do
the president has to assert some
leadership on all this it was funny over
the weekend there's a story about Barack
Obama and Michelle Obama who are
apparently in Europe partying at a jay-z
Beyonce concert dancing at jay-z Beyonce
concert and Jake Tapper of CNN got in
all sorts of hot water with the
left-wing because he suggested that well
Obama and spouse are partying the
Democrats are at low ebb the lowest ebb
they've been since the 1920s which is
true so why is he partying it up the
same thing could be said right now for
the president stop focusing so much on
Muller it's time for you to focus on how
exactly you achieve victory in 2018
midterms because if you lose the house
and you lose the Senate not only is
nothing gonna get done in 2018 to 2020
there will be nothing but endless
investigations against you nothing but
endless investigations against
Republicans against Trump himself
against other members of the
administration I mean you want to ensure
that you lose in 2020 an easy way to do
that is by not doing enough to win in
2018 2018 is gonna have a major impact
on 2020 right now the Republicans can
play rearguard for president Trump the
