it shouldn't matter what religion you
are whatever works if it works to
increase human flourishing of more
people in more places than I'm for so
joining us on today's show is Michael
Shermer Michael is the founder of
skeptic magazine he's also the author of
a couple of books which I'll introduce
in just a second I'm really excited to
talk to him but before we get to any of
that first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at stamps.com so these
days you can get practically everything
on-demand like our podcast listen
whenever you want when it's convenient
for you with stamps calm you can access
all the great services of the post
office right from your desk 24/7 when
it's convenient for you you buy your
prints official US postage for any
letter any package using your own
computer and printer and the mail
carrier picks it up you just click print
mail you don't it couldn't be easier we
use it here at the Daily wire offices I
use it at my home if I don't want to go
to the post office because I'm busy that
say well this is what stamps calm is for
and right now use promo code been guest
for this special offer it includes up to
fifty five bucks of free postage a
digital scale and a four week trial
don't wait go to stamps calm before you
do anything else click on the radio
microphone at the top of the home page
type in Ben guess because we have a
guest that stamps calm enter promo code
Ben guess again you get that special
deal at $55 a free postage it's just
awesome and all the services are
fantastic it's nine o'clock at night the
post office is closed
you still need stamps that's what stamps
calm is there for stamps calm enter that
promo code bed and guests for that
special deal stamps calm promo code Ben
guest okay well Michael Sherman thanks
so much for coming on the show first I
want to pump your books a little bit
because they are both fantastic these
are the two most recent you've written
more than this but these are the most
most recent the moral arc how science
and reason led humanity to our truth
justice and freedom and this one which
just came out and was favorably reviewed
in the Wall Street Journal heavens on
earth the scientific search for the
afterlife immortality and utopia and
I've really been looking forward to this
conversation Michael because I know
there's a lot that we disagree on I
think people are gonna be shocked to
find there's a lot that we actually
agree on as well Michael is probably one
of the foremost atheists in America if
not the world and obviously I wear the
funny you had so we have a lots of yeah
thanks for to stop I don't like to find
myself is by being an atheist because
that isn't anything you know being an
atheist there's no like said
doctrines that this is what we believe
in we simply just don't believe in God .
really I'm a humanist or enlightenment
humanist or secular humanist or
something like that or I'm a classical
liberal so here are the things I do
believe defining yourself by what you
don't believe I think it was Hayek who
said you know just defining yourself as
an anti-communist is not enough yeah
what are we for right so I think points
of agreement might be something like
we're in favor of reason and logic and
empiricism and things like that then we
can find some common ground perfect so
let's start with that so you call
yourself now a classical liberal can you
give me sort of the story of your your
political development I mean were you
always in line with with classical
liberalism well I went to Pepperdine
University for undergraduate I was a
member of the first graduating class of
the Malibu campus and it was a great
great experience 1970s everybody's
reading 9r an Atlas Shrugged on campus I
mean really everyone's walking around
with this doorstop of a book and it's
like oh I just can't get through the
first hundred Peggy if you get through
the first hundred pages you're in you
know of course I did and and I think the
way it works though is if the philosophy
gels with your temperament your
personality then then you're more likely
to adopt it so in my case just the way I
was raised and by genetics or whatever I
like being an individual I like autonomy
I like you know sort of taking personal
responsibility for your actions to me
it's uplifting you mean I can actually
do something about my situation yeah you
can okay I'm gonna go do that and so I
think it gelled with me in that and so
okay what is that well libertarian you
know in the 70s that was sort of Murray
Rothbard and Reason magazine was just
getting going it's like all right but as
I got older and and the libertarian
party or party and small-l libertarians
started adopt more of the fringe
elements of society it's like no sure I
want to be associated with this guy or
that movement or the people in Idaho and
you know so I sort of dancing naked with
the iron belly yeah you met yeah you get
sort of the the pornography pot-smoking
libertarians just want to move by dough
and be by myself then you get the
constitutional libertarians and all
right so I recently just said I think
I'll try a different label I'd rather
not use any labels you know but it's a
shortcut for thinking that we all use
okay classical liberalism you know focus
on the individual is the primary moral
agent that
should be our concern there you know the
human flourishing is our our moral
concern but flourishing of what you know
not not groups not tribes not races you
know races don't vote genders don't vote
and you know religions don't vote or
protect you know it's in an individual
so I start there that you know even
though there's something like an
illusion of the self I think there is a
self inside my skin inside my skull that
we can call an individual unit that can
suffered not just think we're like
Bentham said not just think and talk but
are you able to suffer and if you can
that should at least be our starting
point what can we do to reduce suffering
so the individual so there's there's a
ton of us none of this unpack because
there's a lot in that basic thesis that
philosophical thesis but before we get
to the actual unpacking of your
philosophy I want to discuss for a
second the fact that we find ourselves
in the same room because one of the
things that's been very weird obviously
is that we've now both been labeled
members of the intellectuals are by
Aaron Weinstein and Barry Weiss in the
New York Times and how did we find
ourselves on the same side of the aisle
I mean we obviously agree about a lot of
the principles that you're speaking
about but it seems to me that there's an
entire movement that's happening out
there of thinkers from a variety of
different backgrounds who suddenly have
found themselves in common cause just
because the left has become so focused
on the other well it's it's you know
this is a driving for you to just just
gone too far
you know and we know from polling data
that the the center is getting smaller
in the left and right you know two humps
are getting larger and larger
it's a bimodal curve there and you know
in the 70s and so on it you know the
centrist was pretty large and now you
know it's it's getting smaller so I
think the further that you know each
side goes the more of us who are sort of
on these two sides want to join together
and I think that's what something like
this intellectual dark with by the way I
thought that watch should be like the
official watch of the intellectual dark
web they should try that having money I
mean I'm not even sure what it is other
than those of us who think we should be
able to talk about anything without
hysteria without the tears without safe
spaces microaggressions all that stuff
because it's the only way we can find
out what the truth is if we've gone off
the rails
you know every one of us is subject to
all those cognitive biases we're
familiar with the only way to know is
for us to talk you know and so I put
thesis or an idea and you go hang on
trim burn and and that's not quite right
and then I can adjust and come back in a
little bit if you don't talk to anybody
outside of your tribe then then then
then you you can go down the rails to
craziness and that's just not good so I
think that's what unites us and
obviously what you've spent an awful lot
of time in your life doing is talking
about reason and science when your
monthly columnist for Scientific
American you're approaching the world
record for monthly columns at one of
these major scientific publications so
let's let's go back to the philosophy
now so you're talking about human
individualism in human individual
thriving where does where do you get the
basis for this as the basis of human
society the human individual because
that's obviously a rather newfangled
concept in in Western thought as far as
the Enlightenment it's not so where is
it that yeah I've always believed that
human meaning has to come in the
interaction between individual value and
also communal purpose that if you feel
like you're by yourself all the time you
feel isolated people need other people
and people want to feel like they're
part of something broader and that
sometimes manifests in really ugly ways
how do we get to the point where the
individual is the is the key components
of morality so for me I just go back to
Genesis and then I say individuals made
in the image of God but for you because
you're not a Bible believer where does
that come from to me it really begins
for the modern world in the Wrights
revolutions of the 18th century just the
idea that there are individuals who can
have rights now the idea that these are
inalienable rights they're self-evident
well that's not terribly satisfying now
because self-evident for you may not be
self-evident for me so we have to have
some kind of argument I began with with
evolution that is we are evolved
organisms who as individuals desire to
be to gather as many resources as we can
so I start with Dawkins Selfish Gene now
don't read this by the title by self as
she just means the genes are just
perfectly on them statuary and now it
could be that the most selfish thing I
could do is hoard all the resources and
kill you if you if you try to compete
with me but living in a we're a social
species so living in a group I can't be
that way
oftentimes the most selfish thing I can
do is to be nice with you or form a
coalition with you or you and I practice
reciprocal altruism I'll scratch your
back you scratch my back and so in this
case you I think we've
the moral sense of caring about other
people now it's not enough for me to
fake being a good person like I really
care about you been you and I are good
friends but the moment we walk out I
tell my buddy yet that bastard he said
you're gonna know at some point because
we're fine tuned to reputations what
other people think about us and what
these other people are really like so
we're looking for cues like this Shermer
genuine when he says he's my friend or
is he just saying that and he's using me
and we're pretty good at discerning that
not perfect so there's always going to
be maybe 10% freeloaders bullies Free
Riders people that are just going to use
the system these are the psychopathy
sociopaths and so on the bullies of a
society and we know from research like
Christopher bums research of
hunter-gatherer groups today it's like
that it's like maybe five to ten percent
are people that don't play nice by the
rules and all these hunter-gatherer
groups have a whole series of sanctions
against the individuals who are not you
know cooperating anything from we gossip
about you we sit you down and have a
little talk with you we slap you around
a little bit or they hit back to
practice capital punishment they go out
and on a hunt on the weekend with you
know aaaghh and they come back without a
grin this is true for children too if
you look at the experiments I mean you
know this stuff better than I do but if
you do the experiments with children and
even adults they will seek to punish
each other and forego pleasure in order
to punish you if they feel like people
are violating the reciprocal rules
that's right in these common goods games
where we all put some money in the pot
if we with transparency we know who put
what in those who are cheating the
system are holding a little bit back the
I will sacrifice some of my profit just
to punish you so we do have an evolved
sense of right and wrong
I think we're born with it you know Paul
blooms research with the little puppets
in his developmental psych lab and you
know there's the good puppet that helps
the other puppet hit the ball up the and
the nasty puppet that pushes the ball
back down and these little kids that you
know they have no they don't even have
language yet you know they'll go out and
slap the bad puppet or not choose the
bad puppet reinforce the good puppet so
I think we're born with this and we have
to have it because a social group cannot
survive if everybody's too selfish so we
have to evolve a sense of right and
wrong and truly caring whatever you want
to call altruism or sympathy empathy
something I actually do care about other
people's how does that evolve
the tribe because here's this is one of
the great puzzles of human history is
number one why this perspective on the
human individual only arose in the 17th
century if this is ingrained in human
beings that the individual is a value
and that we have to work with one
another then why only in a certain place
in a certain time did it arise it was at
a spontaneous combustion of human
thought and in the 17th and 18th
centuries or was this something that has
deeper roots I obviously would argue
this has deeper roots going all the way
back to Sinai and Athens but you how
would you argue on that yeah so I think
it's it's there's a tension there always
between the individual and the group and
then how do we get beyond the small
tribes tribal size of about 150 plus or
minus right who doesn't where everybody
knows each other or related to each
other so evolutionary site can get us
all the way out to that now beyond that
we need politics economics culture
history and so on and so the one model I
use is I call this the in dugu effect so
in Jack Nicholson's movie about Schmitz
you know he's a retired insurance guy
and and he's late night watching and
there's one of these infomercials about
adopting a little kid in dugu in this
case and he gives money to a little in
dugu in the whole narrative plot is
around that he doesn't know in Dougal
from anybody but they show him the
picture of little indigo and here he is
with his soccer ball and his brother and
sister and here's their little Hut they
live in and five dollars a day will give
them so on and now if you show a picture
of 10,000 starving kids in Kenya I'm not
giving any money or I'll give a dollar
whatever you show me little in dugu so
really that's kind of tricking our brain
into making little and dugu an honorary
member of our tribe my family my friend
I care about it because and that's our
evolved brain we care about people we
know or can identify with so to get
beyond that first of all you have to get
people to care about other people by
identifying them as individuals that are
like me so that sort of principle of
interchangeable perspectives that could
be me there but for the grace of your
case God there that could be me so okay
so and so how do we do that well beyond
getting people to truly care just having
a large society with the rule of laws
and and a democracy where we at least
feel like we have some say but more
importantly I think free trade is one of
these things where as long as you and I
are both profiting from some kind of
exchange we have I've known as
to kill you and maybe I'll even start to
like you a little bit because you're
doing something for me so we know
government you know sort of liberal
democracies and free trade are these
things that provide trust in a society
among strangers such that I can go to
the Starbucks somebody waiting for me to
wait on me I don't know them they take
my money they trust me I trust them I
don't feel like I'm gonna get bumped on
the EDD or hopefully not arrested for
not paying and buying a Starbucks you
know that that the modern society is
based on this idea of trust among
strangers and that requires all these
extra add-ons so here I think of
economics and politics as tools social
technologies so my question still
remains okay I agree with a lot of your
analysis why the economics and politics
for a particular time in a particular
place is it accidental is that there no
we're just looking at a single sample
size and why is it that only in Western
Europe at a particular time at a
particular place in history do we get
this vision of individual rights that
flowers out and then starts encompassing
broader and broader groups of people
really again if this was embedded in
human capacity from the very beginning
then why does it only happen as the
outgrowth of one particular culture so
you see where I'm going
you know yep yep so well I think pker
tries to answer that and a good social
scientist that he is you know this is a
tangled web of correlations in inter
causal variables that are going up and
down and it's it's really hard to answer
I mean you get a number of things going
on you know the Industrial Revolution
free trade is coming in you know double
entry bookkeeping and all these things
that kind of drive prosperity to go up
which which enhances a bunch of other
things so we can afford better
governance and so on
then we have better educational systems
also literacy rates start to go up
everything any of this has to do with it
with the judeo-christian system that is
under grace well okay yeah so there is
yes that's part of it of course and so
just the Western idea that the
judeo-christian is you know sort of
founding helps push it along yes I know
we can go back to maybe the 13th century
or 14th century and you know the first
humanists in the 15th century long
before the Enlightenment yes okay so
there's strain i grossest is talking
about human rights back in 1530
yes yes yes right so I think there's
multiple strands when you write a book
you got to start the write somewhere so
I didn't go all the way back to Athens
in Jerusalem you know like some people
do okay so there's some threads there
but the idea that the individual is what
counts and we're going to protect the
individual's rights you know like the
Bill of Rights for example is a perfect
example of my it's not the group it's
the individual in fact these rights are
there to protect you from being
considered a member of a group that we
feel we can discriminate no you can't do
that and that those have been expanded
that moral sphere has been expanding
more and more yeah no question and I
think this is where we all end up in the
same place it's really quite fascinating
again I've had conversations with you
know you and Sam Harris and we're coming
at it from a completely different angle
as far as the impact of God in all of
