another tragic heartbreaking shooting
this time in parkland Florida 17
students and teachers dead after a mass
shooting that just is heartbreaking a
horrific in every way we'll discuss it
we'll break it all down we'll bring you
all the information I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so there's a lot to get to with regard
to this particular shooting another mass
shooting
it's another month and another mass
shooting and this is driven a lot of
folks in the media to do what they
always do after a mass shooting which is
call for gun control and then suggest
that anyone who disagrees with their
prescriptions to solve problems like
this must not care about the people who
died which is one of the things I hate
most about American politics a tragedy
occurs an active evil happens and people
who disagree with the political
prescription that is offered by most
activists side are then deemed to be
uncaring or people who are unfeeling
it's something really despicable I'll
talk about that we'll talk about what
exactly happened in Parkland who did who
failed who succeeded some of the stories
of heroism we'll talk about the response
we'll get to all of that in just a
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at trippin comm so
you're planning your next vacation and
you don't want to stay at a hotel
because staying in hotel means
particularly if you have kids they are
stuck in a small room with some with
small screaming people so instead you
decide that you're gonna go out and
you're gonna get a vacation rental well
there are lots of sites that do it
there's only one site that really does
it right and that is tripping calm you
can spend less time planning your next
trip more time relaxing with tripping
calm the world's number one site for
vacation rentals trusted by millions of
travelers for folks like me I need a
kitchenette when we travel because we
obviously cook kosher it's perfect we
don't like staying in hotels we like
staying in vacation rentals you don't
understand how much better it is by the
way to stay in a vacation rental that a
hotel until you've actually stayed in a
place with some square footage tripping
calm onesearch lets you filter compare
and sort over 10 million available
properties on trusted sites like VRBO
TripAdvisor booking calm and more don't
wonder if you're getting the best deal
on that winter cabin or beachfront home
you'll save an average of 18% per night
by booking your vacation with trippin
comm don't forget if you want to save
time and you want to save money while
booking the perfect vacation rental for
your next trip head to trippin comm
slash Shapiro that's trippin comm slash
Shapiro go today book your vacation
you'll feel a lot better about it
whenever my wife is feeling bad about
things whenever we're feeling bad about
things we always look into vacations
because it gives us something to look
forward to so now is the time to book a
great vacation
trippin comm slash Shapiro use that
slash up hero that lets them know that
we sent you and get the best vacation
rental you've ever had trippin comm
slash Shapiro okay so well last night in
the aftermath of this horrific shooting
I was in a pretty terrible mood as I
think most people were who saw the
information it was heartbreaking and
upsetting and deeply disturbing
obviously whenever you see a situation
where somebody walks into a school and
just starts gunning down students and
teachers and last night my daughter was
really misbehaving she's four years old
and she's at the stage where she says no
to everything every everything is a
challenge everything is I have to
threaten to take away her blankies
unless she gets in bed and stops jumping
on the bed says she doesn't crack her
head I mean that's that's basically my
life at night and this morning she woke
up I went in her room and she she stood
up on her bed and she said daddy can I
have a hug and I just thought to myself
it's it's just a horrifying reality that
there are a lot of parents who are
waking up this morning whose kids are
not going to be saying that to them and
it's just if you're not heartbroken
after seeing what just happened in
Florida then you're not a human being
and the idea that that is put forth by
both sides politically depending on the
tragedy and terrorist attack it's people
on the right who save people and left
don't care enough when there's a mass
shooting people on the left say people
on the right don't care enough it's not
about the level of caring everybody
cares everybody is is just weeping with
the families today as as well they
should that does not mean that every
policy prescription is equally valid
equally good or equally valuable and one
of the things that that is so disturbing
and upsetting about how we jump to
conclusions is that as soon as there's a
mass shooting we don't even wait for the
facts to come out everybody leaps to
their respective side so in order to
deal with the problem you first have to
determine what exactly was the problem
what exactly went wrong what exactly
happened here that we can solve that's
not what we do on Twitter
particularly where everybody is is
looking for an instant reaction folks on
the right whatever there's a master
didn't say let's wait for all the facts
and focus on the left when there's a
mass shooting says you don't need any
more facts there have been lots of mass
shootings the United States has more
mass shootings over the past 20 years
than most of the industrialized world
combined that means it's time for a
massive bout of gun control and I
understand the tendency I do I mean I
think that the the tendency to say we
need to do something something has to
stop here is strong but that doesn't
mean that any particular piece of
legislation that's put on the table is
going to be equally valid or that it's
gonna be equally effective at doing this
so during the ramp up usually what it
turns into is folks on the left scream
gun control
come the right say let's wait for all
the facts and then folks on the Left say
all you wanted to his thoughts and
prayers you don't want to do anything
you're deliberately trying to obfuscate
you're deliberately trying to block
progress here that's not what this is
about the question is the there are two
questions one is the question of
sympathy and one is the question of what
we do next and the first question should
not even be on the table everyone cares
about what happened in parkland
yesterday you know the president was
getting ripped up and down this morning
he did a statement about six-minute
statement from the White House talking
about what happened in parkland Florida
and and here's what he had to say my
fellow Americans today I speak to a
nation in grief
yesterday a school filled with innocent
children and caring teachers became the
scene of terrible violence hatred and
evil around 2:30 yesterday afternoon
police responded to reports of gunfire
at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
in parkland Florida a great and safe
community there a shooter was now in
custody opened fire on defense of
students and teachers he murdered 17
people and badly wounded at least 14
others our entire nation with one heavy
heart is praying for the victims and
their families so naturally folks on the
Left immediately suggested that because
Trump said that we're praying for the
victims this means we don't want to do
anything it means that we don't care as
opposed to one President Obama would
speak after shooting when he would
fulminate against Congress and suggest
that we need some sort of vast gun
confiscation or if not a vast gun
confiscation some sort of gun control
that probably would have done little to
stop the shooting so let's let's move
beyond the implication that folks we
disagree with are obviously uncaring
unfeeling crude barbarous people who
don't care when small children and high
schoolers are cut short in the prime of
their lives before they even had a
chance to have
full life by evil sick human beings
let's let's put that aside because if we
can't put aside the implication that
folks we disagree with are evil and
nasty then we can't have a political
discussion if you really think if you're
on the left today and you really think
that folks on the right don't care about
what happened in parkland and that what
you're dealing with is an ultimately
evil group of people who do not care at
all when innocents get shot then maybe
it's time for you to arm up yourself and
go fight those people because only
monsters would not care what happened in
parkland Florida yesterday so what
exactly did happen in parkland for war
heroes a school shooting eyewitness
talking about the harrowing the
harrowing events today around like 2:22
and you would like to push us because we
already had a fire along drilling off so
we weren't sure if this is the real fire
or not and apparently I guess the
shooter pulled the alarm so you could
have kids going on on the hallway to
shoot and I was on the top floor and
then right behind right below me on the
first floor I heard shooting and I saw
two guys running I went to make a right
and I just ran and I had my book bag on
my back just in case I got shot in the
back it would go through my book bags in
my book I ran to where there were
students and teachers on the seal from
there I knew it was real shooting so
three helicopters and everyone was so
the shooter whose name you know I'm I'm
starting to believe I've always been
conflicted about this there are a lot of
folks who say you should not mention the
identity of the shooter you shouldn't
mention the name of the shooter and I'm
starting to believe that's right because
the glorification of these shooters is
obviously driving other people to to
worship them since Columbine a huge
percentage of school shooters have
worshiped at the altar the folks who
were responsible for Columbine the
monster is responsible for Columbine so
I'm to avoid mentioning the name of the
shooter today I'm going to talk about
what we need to know about him and I'm
not gonna mention his name because I
don't think they're giving him
credibility or giving him fame is is a
worthwhile thing because these crimes do
these crimes do tend to create copycats
but here is Matthew Walker Matthew
I was a student at the school and he was
discussing with the media what he saw
and also what he knew about the shooter
honestly all people were saying that it
was gonna be him stuff like that we
actually we do all kids do drugs I like
that saying that here's me the one that
screwed up the school but it turns out
you know everyone predicted it it's it's
that's crazy yeah he was in the third
floor he knows the school layout he
knows where every woman would be at as
of right now he's been in this on fires
oh so he's prepared for this stuff okay
and this shooter they're always always
in this case many many red flags about
this shooter
his Instagram was filled with pictures
of him holding up guns you can see this
picture of his of his Instagram
flaunting his weapons he was a he was on
law enforcement's radar as well
the New York Post has a long a long
story about it the suspected gunman is a
troubled former student obsessed with
firearms whose once identified as a
potential threat to his fellow
classmates according to a report one
teen said I stayed cleared of him most
of the time he's been a troubled kid
he's always had a certain amount of
issues going on
he shot guns because he felt it gave him
I guess an exhilarating feeling he
showed me his guns personally through
his phone
this particular shooter he even joked
about taking out his schoolmates on
several occasions the team says he
played around with the joke multiple
times you know he knows the layout of
the school he can actually go ahead he
can pinpoint where all the students
would be he's been through the drills
multiple time he'd been banned from
carrying a backpack on the campus of
this high school due to his alleged
issues according to the Miami Herald a
math teacher said we were told last year
he wasn't allowed on campus with a
backpack on him it's gym guard a math
teacher who taught this shooter last
year he said there were problems with
him last year threatening students I
guess he was asked to leave campus
according to the teacher
school officials that sends out an email
warning teachers about about the shooter
and the alleged threats that he was
making against other students the
Broward County School Superintendent
said this didn't happen he said we
received no warnings I don't really
believe that apparently the FBI received
warnings as well and I will give you
more details on that in just one second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at keeps so you know if
you are getting into your 30s and you
look at your dad and you say well my dad
is losing all his hair my dad happens to
be a guy who who went we could start to
bald in his late 30s and in his 40s and
so I worry deeply about losing my hair
that is why keeps is such
so keeps is the easiest way to keep your
hair it offers the only two hair loss
products that are clinically proven to
keep the hair you have there only two
that have been approved by the FDA that
actually fight hair loss and keep
provides you with the options of either
one you can sign up in less than five
minutes keeps this entirely online and
it's only 10 to 35 bucks a month so
there's one dollar a day or less on
average which is indeed half of what you
typically pay at the pharmacy for for
some of these drugs so the the products
that are that are used for your for your
head typically cost a lot of money if
you get them through a doctor and you
have to go down to CVS and pick them up
keeps make sure that they are much much
more much much less expensive rather
keep getting start with them is really
easy answer a few questions you snap
some photos and then a licensed doctor
remotely reviews your information and
gives you the right prescription all
without you ever leaving your couch
within two to three days a three-month
supply of your treatment will arrive
perfectly packaged at your door I use
keeps because I want to maintain my hair
and I know lots of other people do as
well stop hair loss today the easy way
with keeps offering customized treatment
plans with only in clinic the only
clinically proven hair loss products for
about a buck a day from the comfort of
your couch to receive your first month
of treatment for free go to keeps calm
slash Ben that's that's ke EPS calm
slash men isn't like keeping your hair
keeps calm slash Ben it's a free month
of treatment at keeps calm slash Ben it
keeps your hair today and make sure that
it's there for tomorrow because once you
start losing it folks it ain't gonna
grow back in all likelihood and that's
why you need these hair loss products
before you actually start experiencing
all of the hair loss go to keeps calm
slash bending at your first three months
of treatment so check that out alright
so more information on this shooter so
according to the Broward County Schools
district superintendent Robert one C he
said potentially there could have been
signs out there but we didn't have any
warning or phone calls or threats that
were made but his classmates the
shooters classmates a he was well known
threat at the school a lot of people
were saying that it was going to be him
right one of the one of the students
said everything he posts is about
weapons it's sick and they are looking
at some of the motives behind all of
this but apparently he was a loner he
was law enforcement says he was a member
of the of J ROTC junior Reserve Officer
Training Corps he was apparently in an
alternative school in an alternate
school and he and people didn't want to
be
near him he was reportedly wearing a gas
mask and carrying smoke grenades during
the alleged massacre it's not clear
where he got the smoke grenades he
apparently used an ar-15 two-to-three
and which is a semi-automatic most
commonly owned semi-automatic rifle in
the United States that was legally
garnered he had it legally apparently he
bought it legally the smoke grenades no
one knows where those came from or
whether he got those legally at all we
also know that the FBI was apparently
warned last September about this guy so
there was a youtube user who used his
real name this guy used his real name
and he wrote in response to a video by a
V logger that he was going to be a co
professional school shooter and that V
logger warned the FBI on Thursday
BuzzFeed reported the FBI been warned
about someone of the same name in late
September 2017
BuzzFeed spoke with the YouTube viewer
Ben tonight 36 you said he noticed an
alarming response to one of his videos
posted and immediately contacted the FBI
agent the bureau's Mississippi field
office got back to him immediately Ben
ID said and conducted an in-person
interview the following day on September
25th according to BuzzFeed they came to
my office the next morning they asked if
I knew anything about the person I
didn't said the v-log or they took a
copy of the screen shot and that was the
last I heard from them so you can
actually see the screenshot in which the
shooter says I'm going to be a
professional school shooter and uses his
actual name and is not an alias it is it
is not a it is not a pseudonym when I
told BuzzFeed that around 4:30 on
Wednesday 30 minutes after they took the
shooter into custody Special Agent Ryan
fer of the Miami FBI field office
contacted him about the shooter he said
quote I think we spoke with you in the
past about a complaint you made about
someone making a comment on your YouTube
channel I just wanted to follow up with
you on that and ask you a question with
something that's come up if you wouldn't
mind giving me a ring so the agents
visit him in person for a second time on
Wednesday they asked me if I knew who he
was I didn't I don't then they left I
guess so it's it's vlog or not was not
to be long or sorry in any case the FBI
refused to acknowledge that they made
this call or that this guy was on their
their list according to former classmate
Joshua Charo 16 he said all you talk
about his guns and knives and hunting I
can't say I was shocked from past
experiences he seemed like the kind of
kid who would do something like this he
used to tell me he would shoot rats with
his BB gun and he wanted this kind of
gun and how he always liked to shoot for
practice apparently he escaped the
school by hiding among the other
students evacuating the area but then
who's arrested in
by neighborhood around 4 p.m. so
obviously shocking stuff so here's the
question now so the question is what do
we do the question is what do we do
there are some stories of heroism that
