Senate Committee on the judiciary's
informational hearing on combating hate
while protecting the Constitution and I
am delighted to see you here my
colleagues thank you very much for
coming
a particulars out out to my Judiciary
staff or putting in a tremendous amount
of time and thought as we work to select
a group to come before us and testify
this is the first of three hearings that
will be taking place at the request of
the President Pro Tem of the Senate in
addressing this very serious but very
important issue and we will be
proceeding I am going to try to keep us
on time there's a hard stop at 12:30 I
have a I have another appointment that
was I was unable to move another
commitment and I think in the next three
and a half hours we should have a robust
but civil and respectful conversation
about an issue that is critically
important particularly to the members of
this committee this year we heard some
legislation and on a unanimous vote
agreed to expand that prefer cement
protections that were at issue in
passing legislation by Assemblymember
Kiley I believe as well as
Assemblymember excuse me by Senator
Nielsen so this committee is very
serious about the First Amendment
sitting on the dais with me are two
other attorneys and mr. Morlock who
knows numbers better than most of us and
so this is an issue that is one of the
great issues of our day particularly in
today's world where we are seeing just
an enormous amount of violence and I
can't help but reflect on the tragedy in
Las Vegas and I know each of us I think
may have had
Institute's who were impacted but
certainly when we see violence like that
we are all impacted and we are all
impacted by the violence that seems to
be emerging in in lieu of discourse in
today's world so again I'm grateful for
all of you for coming and joining us on
the evening of August 11th 2017 as part
of events associated with a unite the
right rally in Charlottesville Virginia
hundreds of avowed neo-nazis and white
supremacist carrying tiki torches march
through the campus of the University of
Virginia where they clashed with counter
protesters the next morning even larger
groups of neo-nazis white supremacist
and counter protesters converged on
Emancipation Park where there was a the
site of a controversy of as to whether
or not to remove a prominent statute of
Confederate General Robert E Lee the
neo-nazis white supremacist and counter
protesters clashed repeatedly in the
streets leading to dozens of injuries
then in the early afternoon a tragedy of
great proportion occurred when a lone
man driving a car ran into a crowd of
counter protesters wounding 19 of them
and killing 130 year-old woman these
tragic events as I mentioned affect us
all and we must address them racism
bigotry homophobia misogyny xenophobia
in short hate undermine our collective
humanity and the fundamental values of
our country run contrary to that level
of hate we propose and believe in this
country that we need to respect one
another regardless of race gender
ethnicity sexual orientation disability
or religion we also believe in this
state and I believe in this nation as
well an opportunity for all if you work
hard you do your best you play by the
rules you should be entitled to be able
to reach that brass ring which is the
promise of America that brought all of
us and our families to this great nation
and
the whole notion of equality under law
Lady Justice if you recall is wearing is
masked with the scales of justice being
equally distributed and we must combat
hate I'm proud that in California our
leadership is fully and unequivocally
committed to a more respectful inclusive
and just society but we are fooling
ourselves if we think that California is
immune from hate what took place in
Charlottesville could and did in fact
happen similarly here right here at the
Capitol in June of 2016 we must be smart
and we must be vigilant in addressing
the challenges associated with
protecting our Constitution while
combating hate and we are committed as I
mentioned earlier this committee has on
a seven to zero vote supported the
principles of freedom of expression for
all and as we will discuss today and
though it can be difficult to accept
that includes the right of people to
express hatred openly and publicly our
topic today is how to uphold these two
commitments at once how do we combat
hate while we protect the constitutional
right to free expression I believe there
are two things that are clear here first
messages of intolerance do real harm and
substantial harm to all of us and to our
effort to move forward as a better more
inclusive society this harm Falls most
heavily upon the shoulders of the
individuals and communities that are
singled out as the target of hatred
failure to acknowledge the seriousness
and legitimacy of this harm failure to
condemn hate speech or worse yet to mock
the serious and legitimate pains of
those who are targeted by hate speech is
nearly as despicable as the intolerance
itself and second resort to violence or
disruption in response to speech even if
it is perceived as hate speech is
illegal and
acceptable groups such as the so-called
auntie feh who have engaged in this type
of violence and disruption of speech
need to stop but these fundamental
points which I suspect the members I
know the members of this committee
unanimously share are still recognizing
that there are many questions that are
still left unanswered and we are honored
and grateful to have expert and
experienced witnesses here to take us
into a deep dive on this topic
our agenda though is quite full our time
is limited to ensure we can fully hear
from everyone I'm going to ask all our
witnesses to stick carefully please to
the time frames that were given to you
and I commit to being gentle but firm
and enforcing those time limits there
will be time for public comment after
all witnesses have presented and
everyone who wishes to do so will have 2
minutes to express their views and ideas
the goal is to finish up by 12:30 and
but we will give everybody their two
minutes if you don't complete your
comments whether you're the speakers or
the public everyone is invited as always
to submit written comments to the
committee for inclusion in the hearing
record now our goal today is not only to
emerge better informed but to look for
additional ways that the legislature can
help ensure that all Californians feel
welcome safe and respected while
upholding the upholding the
constitutional rights of all of us so I
look forward to a robust and civil and
respectful discussion and again I thank
you all for being here I thank the
members of the committee for being here
this is a very important topic and as a
legislative body I look forward to us
demonstrating how we can have a robust
but civil conversation on this very very
important topic with that I look I would
ask my colleagues if anyone would like
on the dies here to make brief remarks
before we begin Senator Monning and
Senator Moreland
thank you madam chair I just wanted to
lead off thinking the chair and your
staff for organizing this all the
witnesses who have come today to to
participate in this I'm curious to learn
of thoughts and recommendations of how
we find this precious balance between
protecting free speech and protecting
people from being victimized by those
who don't respect their rights so thank
you for your leadership madam chair
looking forward to today's proceedings
thank you very much appreciate that
senator more luck thank you madam chair
and thank you for holding a hearing on
combating hate I am certainly a voted
forward spoke for the resolution that
opposed neo Nazism and all the other
stuff that we were facing and stood up
on the floor and recounted a story just
from my own families historical
background my folks survived Nazi
occupation in the Netherlands and so
that is something I grew up with so I
certainly oppose neo Nazism and a high
regard for that Holland is sort of known
as a nation of Tolerance we were just a
very tolerant country and I have a
libertarian streak somehow and so I
appreciate that people have opinions and
have positions and and then I just give
them their space I opposed prop 60 for
the marijuana initiative but I'm sure I
attended every hearing for governance
and finance on how to implement this new
strategy for the state of California
with chair Michael McGuire senator
McGuire I was there every minute to help
him out just as I'm with you every
minute of the committees to you know
even though I don't want to help my kids
or my friends to smoke marijuana that I
still respect their right to do that I'm
not gonna stop people from doing
inappropriate things but I I think
perceived intolerance does not always
mean that it's hate speech sometimes
someone can be telling the truth and you
may not realize it's the truth I have
gone through that experience
when I try to tell individuals the
public in Orange County that it was
going to go in for a very difficult
financial experience I was I was
vilified I had City Council members in
my face saying how come you're going
after the goose that's laying these
golden eggs so so sometimes just telling
the truth is not necessarily hate speech
so I think we need to be careful I think
after reviewing all your documents madam
chair we need to allow people to hold
differing views in positions but we also
every one of us has to display good
manners which means that if we don't
like what's being said or who's saying
it we don't burn private property or
public property we don't go out in the
streets and cause damage and harm so
somehow madam sure if we can figure out
how to encourage civility that would be
the goal for me in this in this hearing
thank you thank you very much any other
comments senator Anderson very briefly
sir I would like to point out that our
colleague had invited Ben Shapiro to be
here because he I guess he was in the
neighborhood at the time or he's up here
on business and I would just ask that
because he's been outspoken on this
issue he's written a lot that perhaps
there might be an opportunity to fit him
in I know it's a neutral request but it
would be terrific if at some point we
were able to let him slide in it having
him speak under public comment while
it's terrific he's written a lot on this
he's been to Berkeley he's experienced
it firsthand I just I would ask the
chair that if there is time available
that she allows him to do more than a
me-too at the end so but thank you so
much for putting this together thank you
and we've we've previously discussed
this we've got a very packed session I
invite mr. Shapiro who's here to listen
carefully to take in what's being said I
think you'll find that the
testimony here is consistent with the
concerns that have been expressed that
we need to be civil whether we agree or
disagree we've got probably the leading
constitutional lawyer in the country
here to speak for the next half an hour
45 minutes and then answer questions and
I invite mr. Shapiro at the end to
during the public comment period give us
his thoughts and what he would suggest
we do to combat hate while protect the
Constitution that's the context that is
the nature of this particular hearing
and also if he has additional thoughts
to submit those in writings I think that
we'll all be very interested in what he
has to say as we are very interested in
the this very impressive group of
panelists who are going to be speaking
so with that let's go ahead and start I
am very excited to introduce our first
speaker who is not only a longtime
personal friend but I think we are so
lucky to have Dean Chemerinsky here as
our first speaker Dean Chemerinsky is
now the Dean at UC Berkeley Law School
probably the finest or certainly one of
the finest law schools in the nation
and he is certainly one of the leading
constitutional law experts he also is
the author of leading treatises on the
subject as well as numerous other
articles and books and fortuitously he
just published this is hot literally hot
off the press from a couple weeks ago
ironically the subject of a lot of
discussion and particularly an issue
here today a book called free speech on
campus which he co-wrote with Howard
Gilman and I urge each Chancellor of UC
Irvine and I urge everyone to read this
book it is both compelling and
frustrating and fascinating
and I think something that should serve
as a guide for all of us going forward
and we are grateful to have up to an
hour of the Dean's time perhaps half an
hour 45 minutes to talk and then to
answer questions that we might have but
again a hard hours so Dean it's just
always a pleasure to see you and thank
you for coming my great pleasure thank
you so much for the kind introduction
senator Jackson members of the committee
it's truly my great honor and pleasure
to be with you this morning issues of
free speech on campus or as old as
colleges and universities but the
context is different now our mental
image of free speech is largely shaped
by the Free Speech Movement at Berkeley
in the mid 1960s where students wanted
to protest on campus and administrators
often trying to stop it now though we're
talking about something different
often the speakers are individuals often
often off-campus provocateurs like my
Annapolis or Ann Coulter or even the
white supremacists who go to campuses
like the University of Virginia the
responses are often from those off
campus like Ann tithi that's come on to
campuses to commit acts of violence the
campuses then become the places or all
of this occurs there's often enormous
cost to the campus and trying to protect
freedom of speech while also ensuring
the safety of students staff and faculty
when ben shapiro spoke at the university
of california berkeley a few weeks ago
the cost was about $600,000 thankfully
he was able to speak without incident
it's no danger to public safety but the
cost was enormous maya annapolis spoke
we go sunday again there was substantial
cost to the campus and had he gone
through with his free speech week the
cost we've been over a million dollars I
applaud Chancellor Carol crest the
Berkeley Police the campus police for
successfully protecting free speech
while safeguarding Public Safety but it
does raise enormous ly important long
term issues so I'm delighted that this
committee is examining them the problem
of hate on
campus and how to ensure freedom of
speech I want to do everything I can to
help your committee I thought what I
might be most useful doing is quickly
summarizing the law for you and then
offering you a few thoughts but you is
the California Senate might do let me
summarize the current law in five points
I realized it's probably already
familiar to you but what I've realized
participating in discussions on the
Berkeley campus over the last several
months is it's very important to
separate our discussions of what the law
is the law should be we can talk here
about what the law is and what governs
the campus but we could have a separate
discussion of how we think the Supreme
Court should change First Amendment law
but those are two quite different
discussions so five quick points for you
and then I'm delighted to take your
questions first it's important to
remember that the First Amendment
applies only to public colleges and
universities in the state is to private
colleges and universities for speech is
protected by a California statute the
Leonard dal it is basic the
constitutional law that the
Constitution's protections of liberty
and equality apply just to the
government private institutions never
have to comply the Constitution this is
one of the least understood the most
important principles of constitutional
law about a week ago when there's a
controversy over football players
kneeling during the national anthem got
a call from a reporter from a major
newspaper saying would it violate the
First Amendment if the NFL were the
teams then fired the players and I said
the First Amendment doesn't apply to the
NFL where the players and the reporters
said to me professor are you sure about
that the answer is yes the First
Amendment applies only to public college
universities but this legislature many
years ago passed what is known as the
Lennard act that says that private
schools cannot punish speech that would
be protected by the First Amendment in
public colleges universities
of course this legislature could revisit
the Leonard bill and revise it but it
means that for all practical purposes
speech cannot be punished in a private
school any more than a public school it
would violate the First Amendment
also of course private schools in the
state are committed to academic freedom
it's reflected in their faculty and
student handbooks many courts have said
these faculty and student handbooks are
contracts between the University and the
faculty and students and are enforceable
in that way as well the second principle
that I identify is that all ideas in
views can be expressed on a college
campus period a campus never can
prohibit or punish speech on the ground
that the idea the viewpoint is false or
even offensive the United States Supreme
Court has sat on so many occasions that
the very core of the First Amendment is
that the government never can punish
censor deny benefits to speech because
of the viewpoint expressed I speak to
you today not only as somebody who's
taught and written about First Amendment
speech for a long time but also it's a
campus administrator and I feel very
strongly as to my law school in my
campus that all views conservative and
liberal those that reflect things that I
believe in and things that I detest
should be able to be expressed I've
recently an occasion to put this into
practice
last Thursday morning the Jewish law
students at Berkeley law school got in
touch with me the Harvard Law Professor
Alan Dershowitz wanted to speak on
campus but there was difficulty in
finding a room I immediately called
professional Dershowitz and said you of
course welcome to speak Berkeley law
school anytime here's my cellphone I
office phone my home phone number my
email we got in touch with each other
he's coming to speak next week now I
disagree with professor Dershowitz but
many things but I believe that he and
those of all views must be welcome on
campus this is about
first amendment in the exchange of ideas
it's also about academic freedom if a
university is going to be a place where
ideas are advanced it must be that all
ideas in views can be expressed period
and the Supreme Court has made it clear
that never can speech you censored or
punished because offensive even deeply
offensive that's the most important case
here to remember is one from less than a
decade ago snyder versus phelps involves
a small church out of Topeka Kansas the
Westboro Baptist Church they regularly
