as the nation reels from a spate of
attempted mail bombings Democrats and
the media blamed President Trump
president Trump blames media and the
stock market tumble so it's good times
all around I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
a headline today that said that a man
burned down his house because they're a
bunch of spiders in his house and he was
trying to kill them with a blowtorch and
he proceeded to burn down his house and
I thought well that seems like a pretty
good metaphor for American politics
right we'll get to all of the latest in
just one second first let's talk about
how you can best invest I mean I know
that the stock market is really volatile
right now it feels like it's up and down
but the fact is that there's still a lot
of money to be made in investing in
smart fashion and this is where Robin
Hood comes in Robin Hood is an investing
app that lets you buy and sell stocks
ETFs options and Kryptos all
commission-free
they have a no Commission fee structure
other brokerages charge up to $10 for
every trade Robin Hood doesn't charge
commission fees you can trade stocks and
keep all the profits and they are really
beautifully designed one of the folks
who works here Caitlyn she uses Robin
Hood and she tells me that the user
interface is incredibly easy
she says that the portfolio value and
buying power tracking app is is really
really useful and she's new to
investment she says she has learned a
lot just using Robin Hood she basically
is learning to invest by using the app
and that's something that you can do too
right now Robin Hood is giving my
listeners a free stock like Apple Ford
or sprint to help build your portfolio
again they have all of these easy tools
things that make it easy for you to do
the research they have these stock
collections that are curated just for
you sign up at Shapiro dot Robin Hood
dot-com
that's cheap hero Robin Hood calm again
Shapiro dot Robin Hood calm and Robin
Hood is giving you a free stock like
Apple Ford or sprint to help build your
portfolio this app makes investing
really user-friendly and also really
teaches you how to invest you know we
have a lot of young listeners sort of
looking to get into the market this is a
great way of learning how to invest
Shapiro dot Robin Hood calm for that app
and the special deal okay so the latest
with regard to this spate of
quote-unquote attempted Mail bombings is
that it is possible that the bombs
themselves were not actually structured
to detonate so allah pundit over at hot
air rights judging by some social media
some of glanced at an AP story and
thought it was claimed that the
explosive powder inside the bomb was
harmless not so a package since CNN
contained a pipe bomb and an envelope
with a mystery powder inside it's a
mystery powder that's harmless the bombs
themselves are supposedly
workable and functional if crude
although there are other reports that
suggest that the bombs lacked a
detonator
so this was either a test run or a hoax
or something else like that we're still
waiting more information and that is the
key today awaiting more information it's
not the end of the world to say that we
need more information and this holds
true on every side yesterday I said
there are a bunch of folks who jumped to
the false flag explanation now I'm not
claiming that you are not allowed to
speculate inside your own head as to who
you think to this or that you're not
allowed to wonder whether there's enough
information to condemn one side or the
other what I am saying is if you are
100% sure this is a false flag if you
are 100% sure you went right there like
right away you just want to this is
probably the Democrats hosting
themselves that's not good okay you
shouldn't be using confirmation bias as
a substitute for evidence and this is
true in so many cases in our politics I
can't even tell you I've been saying
this for years I mean I remember when
with Michael Brown case Michael Brown
black guy shot by a cop and enormous
swaths of the left the entire left
basically said this is a case of police
racism and brutality in which a man was
shot in the back because he was black
and I said well let's wait for more
evidence and then the evidence came out
and it turns out that wasn't the story
at all well here if you're jumping to
either
this is Democrats hoaxing themselves or
this is Donald Trump planting bombs in
the mailbox is over at CNN let me
suggest to you that you're totally full
of crap hey you don't know you don't
know yet you know how I know you don't
know yet cuz no one knows yet I don't
know yet you don't know yet the press
don't know yet and anybody's suggesting
they know who did this or why it was
done or what the connection is to any
particular political party is lying to
you they don't have the information yet
now there's some indicators that
something weird is going on I mean what
did this this person who should be put
in jail forever the person who is doing
this has now sent one of these packages
to Robert DeNiro I guess and sent one to
Maxine Waters
and a picture of the of one of the bombs
at the CNN Bureau appears to have a
parody of an Isis flag taken from a meme
that was circulating on right-wing
corners of the internet since 2014
according to NBC News the printout
appears to show a parody flag that
replaces Arabic characters with a
silhouette of three women in high heels
and a middle inscription reading get er
done which is the catchphrase of Larry
the Cable Guy Daily Beast Lockland
marquee first noted that an image that
appeared inside the explosive package
sent to CNN's Time Warner building an
address to Brennan for a striking
similarity
black-and-white flag of the terror group
and then they confirmed this was in fact
an Isis flag parody so this is leading
people on the left to suggest that
really what this is is a right-wing hoax
and people on the right to suggest this
is a left-wing hoax and again again you
don't know I don't know nobody knows but
here's what I do know I don't really
believe that this is a person who sits
up nights thinking president Trump is
telling me to go bomb people and I don't
believe this is a person who's sitting
up nights going people on the left are
telling me to bomb people I think this
person is a crazy person I think this
person is a loon bag who wants to pursue
violence how do I know that because
they're sending bombs to Robert DeNiro
Robert DeNiro they said this is not
somebody who smacks of I'm a I'm a
sophisticated domestic terrorist with a
serious political agenda deeply
intertwined with the workings of modern
politics and here's where it gets
dangerous I said this yesterday people
who are immediately jumping to Trump's
rhetoric cause this or the media's
rhetoric cause this those people are
undermining the First Amendment because
the First Amendment basic guarantee is
that if I am not inciting you to
violence in my incitement to violence I
mean saying go bomb someone then I am
NOT responsible for your violent actions
you know who's responsible for the
violent actions here
the guy who put together bombs and
mailed them to people that's the guy
responsible not President Trump not CNN
not any of these folks just as Bernie
Sanders was not responsible for a Bernie
Sanders supporter going and attempting
to shoot up a congressional baseball
game and just as Barack Obama was not
responsible for a apparent fan of Barack
Obama trying to shoot up police officers
in Dallas President Trump is not
responsible for this the media are not
responsible for this and I don't have to
wait for the outcome to know that you
know why because the sort of rhetoric
that president Trump's use has used as
much as I dislike it as much as I have
ripped it on this program for years he
has never once said go mail bombs to my
political opponents and shouting lock
her up is not the same thing as saying
mail her a bomb they may raise the
temperature it may be bad for our
politics it may in fact lead people to
condemn each other at higher rates we
talked about that yesterday but it is
not in fact incitement to violence the
standard for incitement to violence is
extraordinarily high under American law
as well it should be well President
Trump reacted to all of this yesterday
and his first statement was we all have
to unify you know these are trying times
but we all have to understand that
violence is not appropriate
and I just want to tell you that in
these times we have to unify we have to
come together and send one very clear
strong unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America okay well that seems about
the right answer
doesn't it that's the right answer and
what he really should add at the end of
that is listen I use charge Frederic my
opponents use charge Frederic maybe we
all should take a step back and tone
that down but the reality is that nobody
not me not my political opponents nobody
has actually incentivized this kind of
violence in the United States nobody in
the United States is inciting this kind
of violence in mainstream political
rhetoric which is true okay if you
actually want to see mainstream violence
being pushed by political agitators all
you have to do is look at actual
governments in Iran where they literally
chant death to America and call for
violence against Jews all you have to do
is look at the government of the
Palestinian Authority or Hamas actual
terrorist groups all you have to do is
look at governments around the world
repressive governments around the world
that make clear they want violence done
to their political opponents even
president Trump's worst statements where
he's making jokes about Greg Ginn for it
which you talked about last week body
slamming reporter there is an actual
difference it turns out between body
slamming a reporter and bombing someone
now if somebody went out and punched a
reporter and said I did it because
President Trump was making this sort of
remark about Reggie and forte and making
the light of that I would say okay
there's at least some connection there
but I'm not gonna say that there's a
connection between people sending mail
bombs to Maxine Waters and the President
of the United States saying that Maxine
Waters is a very low IQ individual we
say that kind of stuff about each other
all the time in a free country
maybe it's not the best thing to say but
that doesn't mean it's an incitement to
violence this kind of stuff has to stop
it really does but the media are not
stopping it and president Trump fires
back in just a second the media
obviously are not lowering the
temperature it's amazing to watch
members of the media claim that violent
rhetoric began with President Trump or
overheated rhetoric not violent rhetoric
overheated rhetoric began with President
Trump if it weren't for Trump we
wouldn't have anything like this really
risin risin was sent to senator Susan
Collins two weeks ago a year and a half
ago a Bernie Sanders supporter shot or
attempted to shoot
six congresspeople and nearly killed the
House Majority Whip Donald Trump juniors
wife was sent in actual toxic substance
she had to go to the hospital for it
there's like two and a half months ago
no this is not all Trump no it didn't
start with Trump this has been true in
the United States for a very long time
people use charged political rhetoric
that does not mean violence is okay but
violence has been commonplace in
political circles for literally decades
in the 1960s and 1970s bombings were
actually quite routine in the United
States well they're not routine thank
God now and we have an eye out for them
as well we should but to pretend that
Everett the world began spinning with
President Trump is just absurd
especially considering some of the
rhetoric that is used on a fairly
frequent basis by folks on the left
about President Trump himself so for
example today in The New York Times or
yesterday in The New York Times there's
an actual piece in The New York Times
it's a it's a fiction piece says five
novelists imagined Trump's next chapter
yeah this is in the New York Times it's
in their book review section and here's
what they say they say our focus here at
the book review is on books and stories
but also on how the books being written
and read reflect the world outside of
books and one of the biggest stories out
there of course is the Muller
investigation and the relationship
between Trump and Putin it's hard not to
speculate about what might happen next
to that and we thought who better than
some of today's most talented spy and
crime novelists one of these novelists a
person named Zoe sharp here's what Zoe
sharp rode is in the pages of the New
York Times Book Review
okay quote the Russian landed at Dulles
after 48 hours of traveling of necessity
he came from Moscow by a secure this
route a long way with a very specific
task there would be no return flight in
the airport bars the TVs were tuned to
different news channels but the story
was the same first the president's
campaign manager then his lawyer
Republican congressman former aides
family members those who weren't
indicted were subpoenas house arrests
had become fashionable and then it goes
on and on about how this guy was
basically shadowing the President of the
United States and here's where we're as
OE sharp gets to the key when it was
time he went downstairs took his place
in the lobby before the entourage
appeared the hotel staff had been lined
up to see their boss the president go by
a few of them applauded most did not the
president didn't seem to notice he waved
in his de sultry fashion the Secret
Service agents clustered around him
assured him toward the armored limo
idling outside at the curb the Russian
waited until they were a few steps past
before he drew the gun
he cited on the center of the
president's back and squeezed the
trigger the Makarov misfired the Secret
Service agents at the president's
shoulder heard the clicks spun into a
crouch he registered the scene instantly
drawing his own weapon with razor edge
reflexes the Russian tasted failure he
closed his eyes and waited to pay the
cost it did not come he opened his eyes
the Secret Service agents stood before
him presenting his Glock but first here
the agent said politely used mine and
this was printed in the New York Times
the same day that the media decided that
President Trump was the one who was
pursuing violent rhetoric and was the
only one pursuing violent rhetoric hey
let's all take a step back here everyone
is overheated it needs to stop a few
things can be true at once one wait for
all the evidence - don't blame
nonviolent but overheated rhetoric for
violence and three if you want to take
the temperature down you have to obey
one and two if you want to take the
temperature down wait for evidence and
don't blame people for violent acts by
third parties unless they are actively
telling the third parties to commit the
violent acts you want about our country
that's what we're all gonna need to do
and that means don't jump to
confirmation by us as soon as humanly
possible ok I'm gonna get to the media's
response to all of this which is just
egregious and then president Trump's
response to the media basically everyone
is acting badly here everyone is acting
as badly as can be which has become the
usual state of affairs in American
politics it's really quite awful but
we'll get to that in just a second first
let's talk about how you brush your
teeth so one of most important things
you do for your health every day is to
brush your teeth in fact studies show
that if you don't brush your teeth
properly can actually put in your
general health at risk well this is why
you need to quit quit was designed to
make brushing your teeth more simple
affordable and even enjoyable I have the
clip electric toothbrush it is fantastic
it travels really easily it is small it
is lightweight it doesn't require me to
take a giant charging station it has
sensitive sonic vibrations it is gentle
on your sensitive gums it has a built-in
two-minute timer that pulses every 30
seconds to remind you when to switch
sides because most of us don't actually
brush our teeth for long enough they
have a multi-use cover that mounts to
your mirror in tea clutters your sink or
cabinet makes traveling much much easier
and brush heads are automatically
delivered on a dentist recommended
schedule every three months for just
five bucks quip is one of the first
electric toothbrushes accepted by the
American Dental Association it has
thousands of verified five-star reviews
I love my clip electric toothbrush I
bring it with me everywhere again go
check it out quip it starts at just 25
bucks and if you go to get quick calm
Shapiro's right now you get your first
refill pack for free with equip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
free and get quick comm slash up here oh
that's GE t qu IP comm Shapiro hey so
the media have decided that President
Trump is to blame which was predictable
now again I'm old enough to remember
when I said and many like me on the
right said Bernie Sanders is not to
blame for the Congressional baseball
shooting the left has no such qualms the
mainstream left has no such qualms so
Paul Waldman in the Washington Post
actually just blames the President of
the United States straight out
he just blames him straight out he says
allow me to suggest that blame is too
narrow a way to make sense of a series
of attempted bombings aimed at precisely
the people Trump and other Republicans
spend a huge amount of time vilifying we
don't have to look for clues about
whether the person responsible has a
magda hat or what their party
registration is we don't have to assign
direct blame beyond a reasonable doubt
what we can say is this given what Trump
has Trump has done and said this was
absolutely predictable
in fact it's wonder it took this long so
in other words we don't need to wait for
evidence right this is a guy who's it
overtly making the case in one of the
nation's premier newspapers you don't
need to wait for evidence and if you
wait for evidence then you are doing
something wrong instead I'm gonna jump
to the conclusion I want to jump to
which is that President Trump is
responsible for all of this here's what
Waldman says it's not just that Trump
advocates violence against his political
opponents though he does it's that
everything about his rhetoric pushes his
supporters in that direction even if the
overwhelming majority will never quite
get to the point where they'll actually
commit this kind of act of terrorism
okay well there are those of us on the
right who felt that President Obama
verged pretty easily on promoting
violence sometimes when he talked about
