so President Trump is set to get a very
big win tax reform is set to pass plus
rumors that the Trump administration is
going to move the embassy to Jerusalem
and Israel which I think has excellent
news and all of the breaking news on
sexual harassment and all these sexual
allegations there is one very big piece
of breaking news I will tell you in just
a moment
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
[Music]
so really enjoyed my trip to Washington
DC it was it was very enjoyable I cannot
tell you anything about it
that's how secretive it was it was
magical but in any case there's a lot
going on in politics the breaking news
this morning is that Nancy Pelosi the
the house Minority Leader has finally
thrown John Conyers under the bus the
allegations have simply become too much
also the Jews 88 years old doesn't know
where he is shows up to meetings in his
pj's and sometimes dresses down in his
office so she basically had no choice
we'll get to that in just a second plus
I'm going to tell you all of the
allegations about Matt Lauer because Oh
gross
okay but before I get to any of that
first I want to tell you about one of
our sponsors
okay sponsor that will make you feel
much better when you listen to all of
the news lately
that of course is wink so if you need to
drink wink is the place to do it
wink is spell winc and they make it easy
to discover great wine the way that it
works is you go over to their website
winked try wink calm /ban and you take
basically a survey and it tells you what
kind of wine is best suited to your
palate what kind of wine is best suited
to a particular meal so when you want to
go over to somebody's house and bring a
nice bottle of wine you don't want to
look like a rube who just went down and
bought a bottle of Manischewitz at the
local supermarket now you can actually
bring a really nice bottle of wine that
tastes really great all the folks at the
office of had taste tests of link wine
and which is why they're drunk and so
bad at their jobs but try winked calm is
the place to do all of this again they
have that palate profile quiz and you
answer those simple questions and then
they will tell you what kind of wine
best fits your palate discover great
wine today the shipping is complimentary
go to try wink comm slash Bennett's winc
dot-com slash Ben you get $20 off your
first shipment
again that's tri wink comm slash Ben got
20 bucks off your first shipment tri
wink double T ry winc comm slash Ben for
$20 off your first shipment makes also a
terrific holiday gift you're going over
to somebody's house for Christmas
nothing better than bringing a nice
bottle of wine or buying them a
subscription at try wink comm / Ben so
pretty awesome stuff okay so in the
breaking news is that John Conyers looks
like he's on his way out John Conyers is
at last count 1363 years old he was
actually present not only for the
signing of the Declaration of
Independence but he was signing he was
president for the signing of the Magna
Carta but doesn't remember any of the
acts he's senile
Conyers has been hit with allegations of
sexual harassment he had to make
settlements with congressional money
meaning our money and earlier in the
week you recall Nancy Pelosi defended
John Connor she said he was an icon and
then she suggested that he should stay
and Al Franken should stay but Roy Moore
should go and everybody on the rights
and find will vote for Roy Moore then so
the Democrats are trying to put the
genie back in the bottle now now they're
trying to suggest that they actually do
have a standard when it comes to sexual
harassment and sexual assault Nancy
Pelosi the house Minority Leader
reversed herself today here's what she
had to say about John Conyers well the
allegations against congressman Conyers
as we have learned more since Sunday are
serious disappoint disappointing and
very credible it's very sad
the brave woman who came forward or owed
justice I pray for congressman Conyers
and his family I wish them well health
ever
congressman Conyers should resign as
dean congressman Conyers has served at
our Congress for more than five decades
and shaped some of the most
consequential legislation of the last
half century however zero tolerance
means consequences for everyone no
matter how great the legacy is no
license to harass all right discriminate
okay John Conyers you can hear his body
being dumped under the bus as we speak
bump that was John Conyers just going
right under that bus james Clyburn who's
the head of the Congressional Black
Caucus he came out today and said the
Conyers should go but only after
spending a week saying that John Conyers
had been elected so why should he have
to go the Democrats handled listen about
the worst possible way they should have
said all of this last week when the
allegations first broke if they wanted
to hold the moral high ground I said
earlier this week the Democrats had
basically given up the moral high ground
and that was a serious problem for them
that if you give up the moral high
ground then it's very hard for you to
argue that the Republicans should
somehow take that moral high ground for
Roy Moore for example or Donald Trump
the Democrats are trying to set up a new
standard which I think is a good
standard the sexual harassment assault
will not be tolerated but they're still
allowing Al Franken to stay so that's
gonna be the next shoe to drop there's a
sixth allegation against Al Franken
today apparently Al Franken did some
event in 2006 gave a wet sloppy open
mouth kiss to some woman on stage she
also grabbed another woman's ass this is
Al Franken's mo
we here at the Daily wire have been
hearing rumors that there is yet another
woman who is going to come forward in
the near future talking about a couple
of decades ago Al Franken acting in
sexually inappropriate ways in any case
Al Franken's allegations are credible he
has not denied them he has in fact
admitted them and so there's no reason
why John Conyers should go but Al
Franken should stay there really it's
it's difficult to imagine a rationale
other than Conyers was in the job when
he did this stuff in Al Franken was not
in the job when he did this stuff but
bottom line is that I think Franken will
end up going to I think when Franken
does go then it's yeah I think if and
when he does go that's gonna put a lot
of pressure on Republicans to dump over
Roy Moore or at least not to seat him in
the Senate I could be wrong on this it
could be that Al Franken stays and then
you have to ask yourself why is it the
Conyers go in Franken State Kirsten
Gillibrand of New York was asked today a
Franken should resign from the Senate
she said quote it's his decision which
means no he shouldn't resign he should
stick around so one of the things that
you have to ask his wife Librans going
and why Franken is staying one reason is
because Conyers is or Conyers going in
Frankenstein one reason is because
Conyers is as I say older than
Methuselah he's actually set world
records for his age he's in the Guinness
Book but and so he's not really very
valuable at this point like they
actually want him out of the House
Judiciary Committee because the House
Judiciary Committee will oversee any
impeachment hearings they don't want
kook old Conyers presiding over that so
they want him gone Franken is much
younger he was considered a possible
2020 candidate because we live in an
insane world so they don't want to dump
him over quite so quickly
if Frankenstein Moore will not only get
elected who will be seated in the Senate
if Franken goes then there's a good
chance that even if Roy Moore is elected
he won't be seated in the Senate but a
lot of it depends on how democrats
decide to treat all this now obviously
these are not the only sexual
allegations and these are not the only
sexual allegations that are out there in
breaking news literally this minute
Texas Republican Joe Parton says that he
is not going to run for re-election
after a nude photo of him was posted on
social media that was revenge porn as
you recall there was a situation in
which he had been he was separated from
his wife and he was sleeping with
another woman and texted a picture of
his ding-dong to this lady and then she
revealed it in public so now he's saying
he's not going to seek re-election so
we're seeing a huge turnover in Congress
right now and it's not just
just restricted to Congress of course
now we are finding out that the now we
are finding out all the specific
allegations about Matt Lauer so Matt
Lauer who was basically fired from today
yesterday this is according to variety
calm he once gave a colleague a sex toy
as a present it included an explicit
note about how he wanted to use it on
her which left her mortified okay
if she never reported that and the
company never did anything about it
that's insane that's insane
I mean you know how you know brazen you
have to be to do that to a colleague get
somebody a sex toy and right now like
first of all my guess is that what he
told her to do with the text why she
probably told him to do to himself but
it's really just horrifying on another
day according to Variety he summoned a
different female employee to his office
and then drops his pants showing her his
wing wing after the employee decided to
decline to do anything visibly shaken he
reprimanded her for not engaging in a
sexual act he would sometimes quiz
female producers about who they'd slept
with offering to trade names and he
loved to engage in a crass quiz game
with men and women in the office f marry
or kill in which she would identify the
female co-host that he most like to
sleep with so this is a two-month
investigation from variety there's also
an allegation that he did that while he
was married he asked an intern into his
office and then forced her to have sex
with him she calls it sexual assault on
Wednesday that NBC announced that Lauer
had been fired from today I guess that
they saved 25 million dollars in his
annual salary so he just blew a lot of
money in order to harass his employees
but the allegations are pretty are
pretty astonishing they're pretty
astonishing according to according to
one of the former producers they say
there are a lot of consensual
relationships but that's still a problem
because of the power he held he couldn't
sleep around town with celebrities are
on the road with random people because
he's Matt Lauer he's married so you'd
have to deal with in his stable where he
exerted power and he knew people would
never complain apparently he even had
his office was in a secluded space this
is amazing and he had a button under his
desk that allowed him to lock his door
from the inside without getting up this
afforded him the assurance of privacy it
allowed him to welcome female employees
and initiate inappropriate contact while
knowing nobody could walk in on him
according to two women who were sexually
harassed by Lauer according to sources
it extended to an hour traveled on
assignment for NBC apparently he paid
intense attention to a young woman on
his staff he found attractive focusing
intently on her
missions he asked the same producer to
his hotel room to deliver him a pillow
this is part of a pattern apparently he
would call various women who worked for
NBC late at night to his hotel room
while covering the Olympics so good
stuff from male our I mean the guy is
basically like the he's like a James
Bond villain he actually has a button in
his office that locks the door behind
you
does he have a is a hatchet man named
odd-job who's able to actually behead
bad employees with his hat it's pretty
incredible stuff I will admit that here
at the Daily wire offices I also have a
button under my desk that locks the door
but that's mainly to keep Michael moles
out but it's it's really like the idea
that nobody at NBC knew this was
happening there's such a lawsuit against
NBC that's burgeoning here there's such
a lawsuit that's brewing really really
amazing stuff so when these scandals
continue to play out and the less anyone
has standard the us the more of this
there will be as I said yesterday the
media actually does seem to have a
standard Garrison Keillor of NPR has has
basically been fired from his job over
allegations of sexual harassment he
denies those allegations I don't think
it's sexual harassment to force somebody
to listen to the Lake Wobegon tapes I
think that's just torture I think they
actually used that at Gitmo but
apparently Garrison Keillor was not
above average and therefore he has been
fired from NPR as well so the fallout
continues in politics the question is
gonna be what our standard is are we
going to hold the same standards that
the media hold for themselves the answer
looks like no a Conyers at least is on
his way out which is a good move he
should go Franken should go Roy Moore
should go all these people should go
they should all go and and there should
be a write-in campaign I know it's a
little bit late for that in Alabama but
that's just because the Republicans
didn't do the right thing the first time
they should have moved throwing more out
of this position in the first place okay
so I want to talk to you about some of
the good things that the Trump
administration is doing because they are
doing some good things believe it or not
and one of those good things is a big
shake-up that's supposed to take place
inside the cabinet I'll tell you all
about that but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at tripping
calm tripping calm is the world's number
one site for vacation rentals so I'm in
a weird position when I go on vacation
with my family because we really can't
stay at hotels not because I'm so famous
that people would be beating down the
door to get at me although that is
certainly true it's because when I go
for vacation I need to kitchen right and
keep kosher and so we need a place to
cook most hotels don't have a place to
cook tripping
komm lets you filter compare and sort
over ten million available properties on
trusted sites like VRBO TripAdvisor at
booking calm and more you don't have to
worry about if you're getting the best
vacation deal on that New Year's Eve
cabin or winter beach vacation you'll
save an average of 18 percent per night
by booking your vacation with trippin
comm so you're gonna get the best prices
and the best selection don't forget if
you want to save time and money while
booking the perfect vacation rental for
your next trip head to trippin comm /
Shapiro trippin comm / Shapiro go there
today trippin comm / apparel and who
knows you may end up in the cabin next
door to me because I use trippin comm /
capiro for all of my vacation needs
really it's a great service and I and I
really appreciate them so check that out
ok so when the White House is about to
make some major shakeups and I think
these are all good shake ups they're
about to get rid of Rex Tillerson Rex
Tillerson has been a garbage Secretary
of State he's really been inactive he's
not done much he up a 20 million dollar
a year salary text on mobile to go over
to the White House and be badgered by
President Trump so he gotta give him
credit for that one but he's been at
odds with Trump over foreign policy
because Trump is moving to the right on
foreign policy and Tillerson seems to be
you know center-left on foreign policy
he has apparently described the
president as a quote/unquote they
differ in their approach to North
Korea's missile testing and Iran's
nuclear program Tillerson wants to
uphold the Iran nuclear deal Trump wants
to abrogate it Trump is right Tillerson
is wrong so the plan in place is the
Mike Pompeo who's over at CIA and is it
has a good relationship with President
Trump would move over to state that
would be a definite upgrade over Rex
Tillerson whom I opposed not only for
his Russian ties but because I did not
trust him on foreign policy he also had
strong ties to oil regimes in the Middle
East and and so Tillerson would go he'd
be replaced by Pompeo and then Pompeo
would be replaced at the CIA by Senator
Tom cotton which is a really interesting
move it opens up another Senate seat so
it's a little bit risky Arkansas is
definitely a red state and the
Republicans would have an advantage
going in but it opens up another Senate
seat that really would not be open Tom
cotton I believe is still in his first
term in the Senate in Arkansas he's a
relative newcomer but he has a really
good record and cotton obviously also
has a military background so he'd move
over to CIA
Pompeyo would move over to the State
Department it's not clear if Trump has
actually made the move yet or greenlit
the move yet but it is clear that he
hasn't liked Tillerson right he's been
tweeting about Tillerson openly I talked
about this
over just a few weeks ago October 1st
Trump tweeted quote I told Rex Tillerson
our wonderful Secretary of State that he
is wasting his time trying to negotiate
with little Rokit so this is all a staff
shake-up overseen by the chief of staff
John Kelly no and I think that it's a
good move I think that somebody who
doesn't like Trump obviously the State
Department is leaking this at Tillerson
allies probably leaking this but this
would definitely be an upgrade and it's
pretty obvious the Tillerson doesn't
want the job he said earlier this year
quote I didn't want this job I didn't
seek this job my wife told me I'm
supposed to do this so he wants you out
Trump wants him out
so get him out and that's that's totally
fine with me I think that's a good move
by the Trump administration other things
that the Trump administration that are
that are good are that are happening
right now
so Trump is about to get his tax reform
bill this looks like this is going to
pass today John McCain announced that he
would vote in favor of the tax reform
bill I've gone through some of the pros
and cons of the tax reform bill it's bad
for people like me and California high
income earners who live in high tech
states doesn't work well for us it is a
across-the-board tax cut for everyone
else it's it's an across-the-board tax
cut in small measure for everyone else
there's some deductions that go away or
minimize the the child tax credit goes
away or is minimized there there's a
proposal on the table from Mike Lee to
expand the child tax credit that's not a
bad move but overall the bill is worth
voting for it lowers the corporate tax
rate that's something that definitely
needs to be done all the focus on
individual tax rates is is for political
gain but the reality is that individual
tax rates are not killing business
investments in the country right now
individual tax rates are too high for
sure by a long shot but it's the
