Hollywood mats Trump postures about
sexual harassment and generally noise
everybody who doesn't live in Hollywood
will talk about it I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
okay so this is the show that we do
after the Oscars where everybody on the
Left gets super annoyed after all the
virtue signaling and all the politics of
last night and all the politics that
Hollywood routinely shoves in the faces
of Americans if you respond to that it's
considered bad taste find that it was
pretty stacked politically from the left
never mind that was openly acknowledged
by the people on the stage if you
respond to that then you see you're
being triggered if you respond to that
if you point out that it's political if
you point out that Hollywood is pushing
a particular political agenda this makes
you the bad guy we'll talk about all of
that in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
Birch gold so today again the stock
market starts off and it is down we've
been down for a week we've been down for
the last month the stock market always
has some baked in volatility it doesn't
mean you should invest in the stock
market but it does mean that you should
hedge some of your betting with
investment in precious metals and that's
why I talked to my folks over at Birch
gold group they sell physical precious
metal for your own possession and they
will ship metals right to your front
door right now thanks to a little-known
IRS tax law you can even move your IRA
or eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver it's perfect
for people who want to ensure that their
hard-earned retirement savings are
protected from inflation or stock market
ups and downs they have a long standing
track record of continued success Birch
gold has thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews
and right now when you contact Birch
gold group you can request for free and
information can on physical precious
metals they give you these comprehensive
16-page kit showing how gold and silver
can protect your savings how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
risky stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA so get your no-cost
no-obligation kit go to birchgold.com
slash bent birchgold.com slash ben and
again ask all your questions make sure
that you feel perfectly comfortable and
once you do bert school those are the
people that I trust to invest in
precious metals birchgold.com slash Ben
check it out again birchgold.com slash
banner okay so as I say one of my great
irritations in life is this game that is
played by folks in Hollywood in the
entertainment community where they make
a bunch of content and they do it with
politics explicitly in mind and then if
you respond to that then it's you who
are being oversensitive so if you say
that the shape of water aka grinding
Nemo a movie in which a woman has sex
with a fish but only after she is helped
by a communist a gay guy and a black
woman and she herself is
mute she helps a fish escape to her
bathtub or she has sex with it if you
say this may have some left leanings if
you say this may have some political
messages then yours how dare you
mentioned that it is a great piece
of art how dare you who do you think you
are right it doesn't matter the people
who have worked on the movie say it's
political doesn't matter that critics
have said it's political doesn't matter
that viewers know it's political because
it's obviously political if you point
out that it's political no how dare you
call it sjw splash you're oversensitive
you're ruining the art just terrible if
you mentioned they call me by your name
which won a Best Original Screenplay
louder Best Adapted Screenplay last
night if you mentioned that's a story
about a 24 year old dude seducing a 17
year old dude which means that the dude
who he's seducing is underage and if you
made that movie about a man and a woman
this would now be part of the me2
movement or if you mentioned that if
that guy who is 24 was named Kevin
Spacey he'd be banned from Hollywood for
doing that in real life no how dare you
it's a beautiful love story that has no
political agenda at all none no
political agenda if you mentioned that
there are a slate of movies last night
there were mediocre at best but were
praised to the skies because of the
intersectionality of the people who made
them so for example Lady Bird met just a
man movie it's a as Sonny bunch puts it
correctly it is a long ish episode of
Roseanne right that if you say that if
you point out that Greta Gerwig movie is
like a it's not the worst movie ever but
it's not the best movie ever that's
because you must hate women if you don't
pay attention to if you think the Black
Panther was like a good action movie
like a nice good action flick but it
wasn't the most important movie of all
time
you are politicizing it not the New York
Times or Trent a thousand pieces of a
thousand thing pieces about how was the
most important movie ever right if you
say it may not be the most important
movie ever then you are the problem in
your trigger listen here's the deal
folks I'm not angry about any of this
I'm not upset about any of this I'm just
pointing out the hypocrisy of people who
overtly state that they are acting in
political fashion then the minute you
say well you know I'm not really fond of
politics being shoved in my face they go
I'll clown nose on no we're just we're
just your jesters we're just your
entertainers we're just here to
entertain so what really ripped the
masks off last night is Jimmy Kimmel
made a joke in the middle of the Oscars
first of all of course Jimmy Kimmel was
asked back because now he is his guy
Benson puts it the Pope of Hollywood he
is the secular Pope and Jimmy Kimmel who
somehow
elevated himself from staring at boobs
on the man show and asking women to find
out what's in his crotch with their
faces legitimately right we have stay
he's moved on from that to being the me
to anti-gun Pro Obamacare spokesperson
for the left say he was asked last night
to do his routine and his routine was
predictably not funny in the slightest
so here's my honest here's my honest
take on the Oscars I did not watch one
minute of this live and I was much
happier for it I watched the highlights
later okay so I'm taking some of this on
faith that he wasn't good last night I'm
taking that from the critics and the
ratings which were abysmal I'm taking it
also from seeing clips of him because
they're not funny I can't overall give
you like every minute of the Oscars I
didn't watch every minute because I have
a happy life and there's no reason why I
like most Americans should have to
suffer through this garbage but any case
Jimmy Kimmel rips the mask off of what
Hollywood has been saying for years but
it's so funny when Hollywood says things
were more allowed to take it seriously
but if we say it in the conservative
movement then we're bad we're terrible
so here's what Jimmy Kimmel said last
night of the nine Best Picture nominees
only two of them made more than a
hundred million dollars but that's not
the point
we don't make films like call me by your
name for money we make them too upset
Mike Pence okay and the reason that gets
a big laugh is because it's true
it's because it's true some people are
saying well you think the author of call
me by your name it's a joke you think
the author of call me by your name was
really thinking of Mike Pence not on the
news thing that Mike Pence specifically
but I'm sure that the author of call me
by your name was thinking I'm making a
very significant film because it's
important that Americans see that
homosexual love stories are just as real
and intense as heterosexual love stories
I promise you that that was going
through his head because of course it
was going through his head you wouldn't
expect anything else to go through the
guy's head doesn't mean there's anything
wrong with him doesn't mean there's
anything wrong with his motive but to
suggest there's no political motive at
all is still he know when I did my book
primetime propaganda in 2011 I went and
I spoke to dozens a hundred people who
are like the top craters in Hollywood
the people created friends the people
who created soap the people who created
Golden Girls the people who created
America's Funniest Home Videos like
legitimately every show that was a top
show from the 1950s all the way forward
to the 2000s I interviewed somebody from
that show and the message that I got
from virtually everyone is of course we
put our politics in our films of course
we put our politics in our in our TV
shows would you expect us to do any
differently and the answer was no I
don't
Specht you to do anything differently
but the great lie that they hid behind
was well we put our politics in there
not because we are propagandists no no
no no no we put our politics in there
because it's what the audience demands
when we make a show like friends and we
have a lesbian wedding first season or
when in the later seasons
Ross and Rachel have a baby out of
wedlock and they're in love with each
other but we don't let them get married
because that would be too conventional
when we do all of that that's just
because the audience wants to hear that
perspective it's something the audience
wants here and look the ratings prove it
and we're the ratings for friends good
yes they were but Kimball points out the
truth here the truth is Hollywood would
make that stuff no matter what because
people in Hollywood want to feel good
about themselves it's so funny people
talk about the DC cocktail parties talk
about the DC cocktail circuit they talk
about how all these people in DC want to
get together and go to these shishi
parties where they hang out that
actually happens in Hollywood Kate talk
to anyone who's worked in Hollywood
these cocktail parties they're not as
common in DC they are really really
really common in Hollywood everybody in
Hollywood goes to cocktail parties this
is how they get jobs and one of the ways
they get jobs is by talking to each
other about how they virtues signaled
this year they talked to each other
about what kind of difference they're
making for the world just like the the
ridiculous
fictional creators of Google in in
Silicon Valley they go out they go
around talking about how they're going
to make the world better through better
compression algorithms and this is what
they do they go around talk about how
their film really made a difference in
lives this is how they think because if
they really thought that they were
around to just make movies and people
clubbing each other with sticks and that
we all laugh and enjoy them because hey
we all like movies they wouldn't feel
very fulfilled yeah there's a movie
called Sullivan's Travels from the 1940s
a great movie and the whole movie is
about this guy who wants to make
comedies he's a he's a comic writer and
he makes comedies these very famous
comedies and then he decides he wants to
make his deep film because he feels
unfulfilled he feels like he hasn't made
his contribution to the art and so he
goes out on the road as a homeless guy
and he experiences all sorts of
craziness and suffering all this
terrible stuff happens so when he comes
back and he realizes he ends up in a
chain gang and he realized and all they
showed these guys comedies at night some
of his comedies and he realizes that's
me doing something for the world
that's something Hollywood folks do not
understand okay they don't want to make
their comedies they don't want to just
do what it is that we enjoy them doing
they don't want to make thor ragnarok
they want to make homie by your name
they may make Thor
rocks that they can pay the bills but
they actually want to make is call me by
your name is when Jimmy Kimmel says when
he reveals their then what they're
actually doing is making films
specifically designed so that they can
feel good about themselves that it makes
them feel good to slap Mike Pence makes
them feel good to slap people in the
middle of the country that is true
now when Jimmy Kimmel says it we can all
take it seriously but if I say it then
it's because I'm politicizing the issue
I remember we did the exact same thing
with regard to for example Joe Biden so
back in the early 1990s there was a show
called Murphy Brown Murphy Brown had
Cameron what was the name of the woman
Candice Bergen playing the lead when
Candice Bergen had a baby out of wedlock
and Dan Quayle said this is not good for
the country it is better if you have
mothers and fathers having babies on TV
right this is propaganda from the left
and Dan Quayle was ripped up in town it
was his Murphy Brown moment how dare he
suggests that this was politics it
wasn't politics it was just TV it was
just TV and then Joe Biden came out in
the in the mid-2000s right right after
or the late 2008 2009 he came out and he
was talking about Murphy Brown he was
talking about Will and Grace and he said
of course TV has changed minds without
Will and Grace when people have been so
accepting of same-sex marriage and the
answer of course is no propaganda has an
effect that effect is to propagandize
that's the intended goal and so when
Jimmy Kimmel says that they put profit
aside to make some stuff like call me by
your name or the shape of water this is
true does that mean it's deeply wrong
and deeply to know they can do whatever
they want it's a free country that's
fine but me acknowledging that their
political is no different than them
acknowledging that they are political
and that profits well important to make
sure that they boost their industry
their business is no different from my
business the difference is I'm honest
about it I am here to push a certain
political point of view to push
principles that I think are important
I'm not doing it just to respond to the
market in fact I take pride in the fact
that we at the daily ware don't just
respond to the market it's why we make
certain editorial decisions right so why
we don't show the names and faces of
mass shooters I'm sure that hurts us in
the click count but that is something we
are willing to do right well we'll only
take a hit and I'm honest about the hits
that we are willing to take for
particular political view it's why I
never fell on to the Trump train and the
to the extent that I was you know
talking about everything being Magne
Magne Magne genius oh I'm sure I would
have made more money if I'd done that
because there are certain principles I
think are important the difference is
Hollywood has principles it thinks are
important but they lie about it they
won't tell you that they will say that
they
just there to make entertaining content
and the politics are secondary utterly
untrue
not true Kimmel makes that suggestion
Kimmel is correct okay what Kimmel says
here is right and you have to keep that
in the back of your mind when you watch
the rest of the Oscars because what the
Oscars really are about are not just a
moment for Hollywood to award the best
filmmakers and to show you what's best
in film it's not about that at all what
Hollywood's Academy Awards are really
about is what Kimmel is saying it is
about the slap it is about making people
in the middle of the country feel
morally less it is about the suggestion
that Hollywood is showing the best of
itself it's Hollywood's book report at
the end of the year where they
demonstrate why they should be there and
according to Hollywood the reason they
should be there is not because they
entertain us not because they make
movies who want to watch but because
they do important things and so they
have to reward important movies you can
see Hollywood's shifting standards for
itself over the course of Oscar history
and I'll explain that in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at movement so the best
watches on the market today movement
watches they used to be just a
crowdfunded source working out of a
living room in the past year they've
introduced a ton of new watch
collections for men and women they've
extended it to sunglasses
fashion-forward bracelets okay all of
their watches are clean they're
beautifully designed they are really
they're really durable you know my son
loves the watches runs around with them
smashes them against the wall they're
all as good as new
and they look terrific I've worn them to
Congress I've worn them to the White
House I've worn them to to a bunch of
different places because that's how nice
they are and you're getting these things
for like 95 bucks
okay the movement will watch a star just
95 dollars in a department store you're
looking at 400 to 500 dollars and that's
how these watches are really classical
looking they're really nice and they
make a really affordable gift for men or
women my wife has one I got one for her
my mom has one got one for her my dad
has one so everyone in my family has
movement watches and there's a reason
for that right now you get a special
deal to go to MVM t.com slash appear oh
you got 15% off today MVM t.com slash
capiro 15% off today with free shipping
and free returns go to MVM t.com slash
capiro and join the movement again
movement watches are top of the line you
will really enjoy them go to MVM t.com
slash appear that lets them know that we
say you and get 15% off your order with
free shipping and free returns check it
out all righty so one of the reasons
that you can see that Hollywood has
shifted
view of itself is the change in in the
demographic of the people who actually
watch Oscar films so it used to be that
Oscar films between 1983 and 2000 2003
really virtually every Oscar film was a
major winner in terms of the box-office
virtually every Oscar film was eating
really well at the box-office at least
the the film's the won Best Picture
right and so I'm gonna look up the list
right now and I will tell you there has
not been an actual good movie that is
won Best Picture at the Oscars like a
great movie that's won best pictures at
the Oscars in my opinion since 2010 and
there hasn't been a box office winner at
the Oscars for nearly 15 years for
nearly 15 years it's really an amazing
amazing thing I mean let's let's look
back at the at the Best Picture winners
so 2016 the best winter picture was the
Best Picture winner it was moonlight
which made like 5 bucks at the box
office
before that it was spotlight fine movie
completely forgettable you know again I
enjoyed spotlight I think moonlight is a
fine film it was obviously the social
justice winter because it was about gay
black people in the inner city whatever
that's fine but that's not exactly
designed to be a box office busting
winter ok spotlight one the one the year
before that the year before that it was
Birdman which I thought it was just an
ex Korbel film I just thought was an
