Tommi Lehren gets a drink thrown on her
president Trump goes after the deep
state and the City of Seattle decides to
bankrupt itself i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
[Music]
it's a tweet storm day for president
Trump category-five tweet storm from the
president so we'll get into that in just
a second first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at Indo Chino so you
want to look like James Bond but you
don't want to pay James Bond at prices
over at savoia or Savile Row or never
it's called instead go to Indo Chino
Indo chinos the world's largest
made-to-measure menswear company they've
been featured in major publications
including GQ Forbes and Fast Company if
you don't look great in a suit you need
something that looks tailored and you
can't do that if you go to a local
department store and get something off
the rack instead go over to Indo Chino
they make suits in shirts made to your
exact measurements for a terrific fit
guys love the selection of high quality
fabrics the option to personalize all
the details including your lapel lining
and monogram so here's how it works you
visit a showroom their shop online in
indochina comm you pick your fabric you
choose your customizations you submit
your measurements and you wait for your
custom suit to arrive in just a few
weeks you can either go to their
showroom physically as I did in Beverly
Hills or you can order it online and
when it comes it should fit you like a
glove if not they will help you out my
listeners can get any premium Indo Chino
suit for just 379 bucks at Indo Chino
comm when entering Shapiro at checkout
that's 50% off the regular price from
made-to-measure premium suit shipping is
free Indo Chino Comm promo code Shapiro
for any premium suit just 379 bucks and
free shipping it's an incredible deal
for a suit they'll fit you better than
anything you got in a closet right now
Indo Chino Comm promo code Shapiro to
let them know that we sent you by the
way before we begin I also want to say
our tickets are running out very quickly
over at our events Dallas and Phoenix I
believe we are almost sold out in Dallas
we are approaching sold out in Phoenix
so go over to Daley wired.com slash
events if you want to buy a ticket to
our live podcast that we will be doing
in August it should be a blast and I
look forward to seeing you there okay so
president Trump is gaining in the polls
the polls right now look good for
president Trump there's a poll yesterday
that came out and showed the Republicans
had a generic ballot six point lead in
the congressional election now that is
an outlier there's no question that's an
outlier the poll average still has
Republicans down about four points that
said there has been a slow but
incremental increase in Republican vote
share in the Congressional ballot for
the last several months and the question
is why meanwhile the Rasmussen tracking
poll has President Trump up around 50%
even if you don't believe Rasmussen he's
in the mid-40s his polls have also been
trending in the right direction and the
question again
is why and I think that the answer lies
in the fact that so many on the Left
have decided to just treat people with
whom they disagree in deplorable fashion
the latest example of this is Tommy
Lehren ok so Tommy Lehren goes out to
brunch with her mom and a bunch of
people decide to scream at Tommy Lehren
and then throw drinks on her so here is
what it here's what it sounded like
so then person who's tossing a drink at
Tommy Lin for no reason because you're
so cool cuz you tossed a drink at Tommy
Lennon for the great sin of going to
brunch with her mother now you don't
have to be a Tommy Lynn fan to
understand that this is awful behavior
it's just garbage behavior but that's no
shock because folks on the Left have
been engaging in garbage behavior
throughout the campaign cycle you know
we tend to forget a lot of the things
that happen in 2016 because there was so
much that went on in 2016 but there were
trump rallies where people legitimately
showed up and did violence to trump
supporters wasn't Trump supporters doing
violence to Hillary Clinton supporters
it was Hillary Clinton supporters in
many cases doing violence to trump
supporters other were cases obviously
very well publicized of people hitting
dissenters inside Trump meetings and all
the rest but if you're talking about
widespread violence wide scale violence
I believe there was a rally in San Jose
where violence broke out there was the
rally in Chicago that had to be
cancelled because of violence outside
the Democrats have decided to go
full-scale 1968 and this sort of
behavior is not going to help their
cause now maybe this person feels
they're gonna be cheered on social media
for having thrown a glass of water at
Tommy leerin but I just don't know what
you gain through all of the same thing
is happening over at Harvard so the
Harvard alumni from 20 from 2003 they
used their alumni notes to attack Jared
Kushner so according to media I once
every five years this has been done
since the 19th century Harvard alumni
right class notes informally referred to
as the red book to keep in touch with
one another the red book consists of big
life updates such as work marriages and
children in this year's red book for the
class of 2003 15 years after graduation
these updates are interspersed with
attacks on Kushner according to the
Boston Globe one classmate named Sofia
Makris wrote shame on you Jared Kushner
another one named John Sherman said I
for one I'm actually glad a class of o3
finally has a real-life fascist among us
who says Harvard isn't diverse first of
all I know Jared Kushner is not a
fascist this is asinine according to the
globe the aim in part of the disparaging
class notes a select cushion or know
that her service in the Trump White
House will have lasting consequences
resulting in his potential ostracization
from a valuable social network of his
peers hey Jared Kushner is relatively
independently wealthy meaning like worth
hundreds of millions of dollars I really
don't think he cares very much whether
these narrow do wells from his Harvard
class of 2003 don't like him Shonda
Prescott Weinstein is another
of the class of 2003 she expressed
discouragement that only a fraction of
her classmates decided to call out
Kushner in their entries she said he was
in Jerusalem with his wife while people
were being massacred
I feel so emotional about that first of
all who cares how you feel who cares how
you feel why would Jordan Kushner sit
around wondering how some girl he
probably never met when he was at
Harvard cares about the movement of the
embassy to Jerusalem says people were
being massacred he is a person who is
doing horrible things as a black woman
and a Jewish woman I think it's
disgusting
he's not alone in doing these disgusting
things but he's certainly one of the
active participants I think it's
emblematic of Harvard culture that
people didn't want to call him out I
think people thought it was rude and
didn't want to be rude but I think
genocide is rude and I was happy to be
rude so first of all what happened
obviously on the Gaza border was not
genocide it was come out tossing up a
bunch of terrorists to get killed and
putting them behind civilians in order
to get civilians killed but again it
done it demonstrates the utter scorn and
hatred that so many folks on the Left
seemed to have for anybody on the right
by virtually any measure Jared Kushner
is one of the more moderate members of
the Trump administration the attempt to
turn Jared Kushner into some sort of
fascist crazy person and then to call
him out in the Harvard red book which is
supposed to be for like sending each
other nice notes demonstrative of the
fact that the left has become so nasty
toward people with whom it disagrees
that they are actually alienating people
into the moderate Center or to the right
that's the reason that Trump is gaining
in the polls and the Democrats just keep
campaigning further and further to the
left and Meghan McCain she came out
yesterday and she's on the view and she
said you know I'm on the view I'm so
sick of people on the Left submitting
the Planned Parenthood is the number-one
issue for all women why are you playing
this identity politics game or if I
disagree with you it's because I must
disagree with all women because all
women deeply care about abortion we've
talked about this many times on show for
me my women's issues foreign policy
number one two three four five yeah when
the idea that like plans parent for
women in America there are issues there
are issues that are specific to women
and women legislators are more likely to
introduce legislation that specifically
benefit women and that's just a step
elections with that message
you it is not going to be the blue ok
Meghan McCain is exactly right here the
blue wave that was supposed to crest in
November
is actually petering out pretty far from
shore here and again the reason for that
is the antipathy that so many folks on
the left hold for people on the right
it's also thanks to the cultural
hegemony that is that is experienced by
folks on the left at the same time you
see people throwing glasses of water at
Tommy Lera and Harvard alumni trying to
share it shame Jared Kushner and folks
on the left implying that everybody on
the right hates women and all this kind
of stuff at the same time you have this
nice warm cocoon of culture that has
been created specifically for folks on
the left so it was revealed over the
last couple of days the Barack and
Michelle Obama will work both in front
of and behind the camera in a multi-year
production deal with Netflix hey listen
I love Netflix I'm a subscriber to
Netflix I'm a subscriber tom is on prime
there's a lot of material they generate
on Netflix that I am NOT a big fan of
but let's be frank about this do you
think they would ever consider doing a
deal with george w bush like a
faith-based deal to make faith-based
movies with george w bush of course not
of course not there's a reason that
YouTube helped sponsor The Young Turks
but YouTube will D monetize dave rubin
there is a reason that all of these
major media companies are happy to side
with the left while exercising the right
according to cnn.com the unique pack was
announced on monday the first content
from the Obamas will appear in 2019 at
the earliest according to a person
involved in the deal Netflix did not
specify a timeline but the company's
announcement of the deal said the Obamas
will produce a diverse mix of content
including the potential for scripted
series unscripted series docu-series
documentaries and features now you might
ask what does Barack Obama or Michelle
what do these people know about
producing film the answer is of course
they know nothing what do these people
know about great narrative art the
answer of course is they don't know
anything but because the people of
Netflix are so blown away by the
celebrity of the Obama the Obama clan
they've decided that it's time to give
them a multi-picture deal you know many
people struggle in Hollywood to ever get
one picture from Netflix and Netflix is
giving this entire broad spectrum deal
to the Obamas for no reason other than
Barack Obama was a Democratic president
that they admire and love that warm
cocoon is what's driving away so many
Americans according to against CNN
sometimes the former President and First
Lady will be on camera as hosts or
moderators the source said on condition
of anonymity in other cases they will
stay behind the scenes as producers
financial terms were not disclosed the
Obamas are giving that
it's valuable content that many of the
streaming services 125 million members
may want to watch and netflix is giving
the Obamas valuable platform to stay
visible in their post White House years
I love that editorializing from CNN
you know the ratings are gonna be on the
is Obama series zip you know who
actually wants to watch the Obama's some
more
no one hey there was a movie that came
out about Barack and Michelle Obama's
first date it did like one dollar of
business because no one cares but the
whole point here is that when you feel
ensconced in a cultural ivory tower
where everyone loves you everyone thinks
like you it is very easy to look down on
the people outside the ivory tower and
say look at those rubes look at those
charlatans all those people like Tommy
Lehren look at these people who like
Donald Trump what a bunch of morons
let's just sit up here and spit well
hawk loogies from the front of the ship
just like the characters in Titanic
that'll be our new thing we'll spit down
on the crowd below Barack Obama said we
hope to cultivate and curate the
talented inspiring creative voices who
are able to promote greater empathy and
understanding between peoples and help
them share stories with their entire
world yeah because if there's one thing
I think when I think the Obamas I think
empathy for their political opponents
whom they slandered routinely and
repeatedly throughout their political
career these are the creatures of
empathy but this is the whole point
people can see themselves as empathetic
so long as they are members of a tribe
because they look at other members of
their political tribe and they say well
I care about those people and those
other people I don't care about that's
because they're inherently uncaring
they're inherently intolerant it's okay
to throw water at Tommie leerin because
after all she's a bad person she doesn't
care about us so why should I care about
her when you don't see each other as
brothers and sisters when you see each
other instead as enemies it's pretty
easy to make a case that the other
person should be treated like garbage
it's easy to make the case the Jared
Kushner as a fascist when you haven't
spent any time with Jared Kushner or
even looked at what he's done it's very
easy to make these cases but you know
that's that's the leftist tended to do
and the American people are responding
pretty badly to that whole spiel they're
responding pretty badly and they're also
resonating to what President Trump has
to say in response to that which I'll
get to in just one second first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so there's nobody on the
planet who is just like you thank God
because who would want to of you but you
should have a mattress that is tailored
to you we have a huge sleep mattress at
our house the way it works is you go
online and you take a sleep
quiz basically it's and it uses a
proprietary algorithm to determine what
is the best mattress for you do you want
a firm mattress a soft mattress a
breathable mattress one that is more
heat absorbent do you want that do you
want what size mattress do you want do
you and your spouse actually want to
have two different settings on your
sides of the mattress they do all of
this then they send you the mattress in
the mail it comes in a big box and you
unruhe and you unpack the box and it
just inflates right there in front of
you and the mattress is good to go it is
incredibly comfortable we've been using
it in my house for years we got rid of a
more expensive mattress and moved it
actually to the back room specifically
because this mattress is so good helix
sleep is just fantastic and they have
all new pillows which are fully
adjustable so you can achieve perfect
comfort regardless of sleep position or
body type helix sleep has thousands of
five-star reviews plus you get a hundred
nights to try them out so go to helix
sleep calm slash been right now I get up
to 125 dollars toward your mattress
order that's helix sleep calm /ban for
up to 125 bucks off your mattress order
helix sleep calm slash been use that
slash pen so that they know that we sent
you okay so in the face of all these
people who seem to hate you just because
of your political points of view it's no
wonder so many people are resonating to
President Trump because now if people
are enemies you want the biggest hammer
you can find and that's what President
Trump has been doing so president Trump
comes out yesterday he's at pro-life
gala and he's slapping and all of his
opponents including Nancy Pelosi Pelosi
of course you'll remember essentially
said that Trump was wrong to call
members into ms-13 animals the great
ironic story yesterday of course is that
there was an ms-13 member who was
arrested whose actual name his nickname
was animal which is pretty hilarious but
in any case here was Trump going after
Nancy Pelosi at a susan b anthony list
dinner just the other day Nancy Pelosi
came out in favor of ms-13 that's the
first time I've heard that she wants
them to be treated with respect as do
other Democrats that's not going to be
happening we're not going to release
violent criminals into our country now
as I've been saying for a long time the
most effective tactic to take in
politics is not necessarily the best
tactic to take for the country so I
wrote an entire book called bullies in
2013 the entire premise raised a long
time ago the entire premise
is that the Democrats were spending all
of their time engaged in character
assassination against Republicans and if
Republicans continue to play this game
where they talk to policy alone without
rebutting the character assassination by
attacking character of Democrats than
they would lose Trump took up that
mantle in spades right President Trump
understands character assassination
better than pretty much anyone else in
American public life he's been both the
victim of it and the perpetrator of it
for virtually his entire career and
that's why so many people have flocked
to his banner the reason a lot of people
are supporting President Trump right now
is because you see a lot of people on
the Left and you look at them and
they're and they're yelling at people in
megawhatts
or they are trying to crash the party at
particular Trump events or they're
throwing water at conservative
commentators and people go okay well at
least Trump is fighting back I promise
you that's the number one phrase you get
from from supporters at least he's
fighting back and that is the perception
that he's fighting back and this isn't
to say that Democrats have to surrender
their political principles but if they
actually want to be successful they
might want to think about treating the
American public as potential friends
rather than as current enemies if they
continue to treat them as enemies those
enemies will go look for the best
fighter they can find in the perspective
of a lot of conservatives with
perspective a lot of Americans who don't
like what the left are doing right now
is the same perspective that was
attributed apocryphally to Abraham
Lincoln about ulysses s grant I can't
spare this man he fights so who cares
about Trump's heresies so long as the
dude is slapping the right folks well I
mean what are you gonna do bend over for
