Samantha B gets herself into hot water
Roseanne begs for clemency enjoy read
somehow keeps on keepin on I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh I have so many thoughts today so many
things to talk about but first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at Linc
ok let's be straight this week I need a
drink I'm gonna be honest with you I
need a drink this week and that's why
wink exists if you need a drink and not
only if you need a drink but if you just
need a great bottle of wine to go with
your dinner this is what link is for
you're going over to somebody's house
you don't know a bottle of wine from
bottle of ketchup and so you need
somebody to recommend a good bottle of
wine for you so you don't look like an
ignoramus well that's what wink is for
wink wine experts selected wines match
to your taste personalized for you
shipped right to your door and starting
at just 13 dollars a bottle there's
nothing like coming home to a box of
delicious wink wine selected just for
you it is the best day of your month all
you have to do is fill out Winx palate
profile quiz you answer simple questions
that your average store clerk wouldn't
ask or translate into a recommendation
like how do you take your coffee and how
do you feel about blueberries and then
wink sends wines curated to your taste
the more wines you rate the more
personalized your monthly selections
like Netflix for wines essentially each
month there are new delicious wines like
the insanely popular summer water rose a
no membership fees you can skip any
month you can cancel anytime and
shipping is covered if you don't like a
bottle they send you they'll replace it
with a bottle that you do like discover
great wine today go to try wink comm
slash BAM that's t ry winc comm slash
ben and you get 20 bucks off your first
shipment that's tri wink comm slash Ben
for $20 off your first shipment tri wink
with the c-calm slash pen use that slash
better let them know that we say alright
so Samantha B yesterday of course was
the big news because Samantha be called
Ivanka Trump a feckless c-word why
because a Monica Trump had committed the
grave sin of having the gall to
photograph herself with her child over
Memorial Day weekend why you ask would
this make her a feckless c-word well
because apparently at the border illegal
immigrant parents are being separated
from their children what does that have
to do with Ivanka Trump you asked
nothing the answer is nothing but
Samantha bee decided this made of Anka
Trump a feckless award and that she
should instead dress sexy for her dad
because her dad wants to have sex with
her according to Samantha P and then she
should stump for Samantha B's preferred
immigration policy well all of this
broke and the write predictably and
correctly
went nuts they said this is insane why
would you go after Ivanka Trump this way
we just had a controversy in which
Roseanne Barr lost her show for using a
racist slur against Valerie Jarrett and
her show actually had ratings unlike
Samantha B's show where seven people
watch it including Samantha B's
immediate
and yet Samantha B still gets to remain
on air now I'm not calling for Samantha
B to be fired because frankly I think
that her viewers got exactly what they
were looking for I think TBS hired her
knowing full well what they were getting
I think the Roseann situation is just a
little bit different in the sense that
when Roseanne's creators decided to put
her on the air they were not fully
expecting that she was going to do this
and it sort of undercuts the integrity
of their products Samantha B didn't
undercut the integrity of her products
this is her product her product is being
a vile terrible person who says vile
terrible things about people who she
disagrees with right that is her product
so I don't see why she should be thrown
off her air for promoting her product I
also don't see why samantha bee should
apologize because her apology is gonna
be fake anyway okay so she did apologize
yesterday she put out a statement saying
that she crossed a line right her
original apology is just ridiculous she
says I would like to sincerely apologize
to Ivanka Trump and to my viewers for
using an expletive on my show to
describe her last night it was
inappropriate and inexcusable I crossed
a line and I deeply regretted okay do
you really believe that Samantha be
deeply regrets it or is that or is it
that advertisers were starting to drop
out of her show I don't think she deeply
regrets it I think that's a bunch of
horse poopoo I don't think that's
correct at all and then CBS put out its
own apology quote Samantha P has taken
the right action in apologizing for the
violin an appropriate language used
about Ivanka Trump last night those
words should not have been aired it was
our mistake to and we regret it well
damn right it's your mistake Samantha be
unlike Roseanne who's just tweeting out
crazy stuff because it was late at night
and Roseanne's a crazy person who takes
ambien okay I actually believe her
ambien story in the sense that Roseanne
is actually a crazy person an ambien
makes crazier crazy people crazier
it makes sane people a little bit
crazier doesn't embraces but if you're a
little racist can make it more racist
presumably but in any case TBS's
statement that they are responsible this
is correct
Samantha B's rant was scripted it was
put into the script it was filmed it was
distributed it was greenlit everybody at
every step of the way had an opportunity
to say guys this might be a little over
the top but they didn't because why
would they because this is what Samantha
bee does for a living I mean there's
nothing and how do you how do I know
that this is fake here's how I know this
is fake so it demonstrates just how tied
in Samantha bee is to the mentality of
the left you know what has happened to
Samantha bee over the last 24 hours
there was a tweet from Chris Hayes that
was just inane about Roseanne basically
saying that Roseanne
worldview represents a large segment of
the Trump base our significant segments
of the Trump base that's what he had
suggested there's no evidence to suggest
that at all that large segments of the
Trump base believe the Valerie Jarrett
looks like an ape or believe that it's
appropriate to say such things in the
first place right that's just absurd and
there's no evidence to support it
there's pretty good evidence to support
the idea that a lot of Samantha B's base
our Hillary Clinton's base and they all
believe what Samantha B just said and
it's really funny I was in a wedding for
my sister over the weekend and a person
who shall remain nameless came up to me
and was talking about politics a little
bit and at one point actually said I
wish someone would shoot Donald Trump
and I said are you insane like why would
you say that they know that's it that's
a no but he said this is like normal
conversation because this is the way a
lot of people on the left think well
this is also true for Samantha bee right
because Samantha bee how do I know that
this is also that her apology was false
and that a bunch of people defended her
because her apology was false and a
bunch of people defended her for so
first her fake apology so she sent that
apology she's so sorry then she got an
award I'm not kidding she got an award
from the television Academy for social
change right because she's a good person
who infects social change by shouting
the c-word on air about Ivanka Trump for
holding her baby
so here is what Samantha says the funny
part television Academy does the social
change award about freedom in the media
Free Press
Samantha be changing the world and they
bar the press they will generally bar
the media from essentially a free press
celebration award because Samantha B was
in a lot of hot water so it doesn't
matter her speech leaked anyway and
here's what Samantha bee said she said
quote every week I strive to show the
world as I see it unfiltered sometimes I
should probably have a filter I accept
that I take it seriously when I get it
right and I do take responsibility when
I get it wrong we spent the day
wrestling with the repercussions of one
bad word when we all should have spent
the day incensed that as a nation we are
wrenching children from their parents
and treating people legally seeking
asylum as criminals okay hmm
so you apologize but it's our fault so
it's my fault so I got offended that you
called Ivanka Trump the c-word and
that's my fault because really I should
be more worried about the children at
the border in which case it should be
okay that you called her a C word in
which case is totally fine to call our
c-word that's the logic here okay the
logic here is that Samantha B did
nothing wrong
and of course she believes she did
nothing wrong is all nonsense they're a
bunch points to make on this particular
topic first of all I want to point out a
bunch of folks on the left actually
support Samantha bees language unlike
Rosanna who found no defenders okay even
the people who are saying that you
should be left on air we're not
defending her actual comments Samantha
bee actually found defenders in the
press
she found defenders in Hollywood it's
really absurd so let's start with Joss
Whedon so Joss Whedon who's just a gross
human race is a gross person talented
director gross person quite possible
happens all the time
here's what Joss Whedon tweeted quote
Ivanka legitimized Trump by being pretty
and seeming sane well what what like why
is that why is that her problem Ivanka
legitimized Trump by being pretty and
seeming sane and libs created a kind of
sexist Rapunzel narrative that she was
trapped she's from a crime family she
married into a crime family she's a
grown-up she will do as much damage as
she can get away with Sam was too kind
so yes this happens to be a fairly
widely held opinion on the left is that
Ivanka Trump is an emissary of evil and
then Sally Field who have not heard of
for years it turns out that she doesn't
like Ivanka she really doesn't like
Ivanka she says I like Samantha me a lot
but she has flat wrong it's called
Ivanka a c-word C words are powerful
beautiful nurturing and honest okay and
so I have a few questions about this
well I mean we can start with the
question as to what makes a body part
honest that's kind of weird
I'm not sure why the body part is also
nurturing that was kind of weird as well
but in any case Sally Field defending
the actual commentary and then there's
of course CNN analyst who loved the
tweet CNN analyst named Brian kerim he
to our ha ok best tweet of the day young
lady to Sally Field who again has not
been relevant since she did basically
mrs. Doubtfire I guess she was in
Lincoln for like five minutes but she is
of course an emissary of Hollywood and
Hollywood is very much in favor of
Samantha B Kathy Griffin of course came
out and defended Samantha be no shock
there cuz Kathy Griffin is gross what's
hilarious is that the mainstream media
also defended Samantha bee so I just
have to give you some of the some of the
headlines from the media okay now
remember the headline about Roseanne
Barr is Roseanne Barr tweets racist
nonsense at Valerie Jarrett or Roseanne
Barr calls Valerie Jordan ape or
whatever the headline was but they're
all anti Roseanne Barr obviously okay
then there's the media's coverage of the
of
the of the Samantha beat comments hey
these are headlines k here's a headline
from USA Today the headline from USA
Today was Samantha B has a message for
Ivanka Trump has a message for Ivanka
Trump she called her a feckless c-word
and suggested that she should have sex
with her own father that's not really a
message so much as you know calling her
a feckless c-word I mean imagine if
they'd run a headline and said Roseanne
Barr has a message for Valerie Jarrett
things absurd this is ridiculous and
here's what the Washington Post went
with okay this is their headline why the
C word is so taboo and why some women
want to reclaim it because you see
Samantha bee actually was reclaiming the
C word for women by calling another
woman the C word
she was reclaim if feminism means
calling women you don't like the C word
just like good race relations mean
calling people you don't like the N word
you know this is what I do when I want
to have a good relations with another
Jew the first thing I do is I break out
the K word and I just use that all the
time I mean you can ask you can ask Jess
everytime I'm angry with Jess you know
just in order so that we can get close I
use the S word to describe which is
something that I do you know it's like
what in the world but this is coming
from the Washington Post the C word is
taboo but some women wants to reclaim it
by calling other women the C word
because they hate them yes you
definitely reclaimed the C word for
feminism
well done media okay and then it could
seem better here's the New York Times
headline on this thing so the New York
Times tweeted out Samantha bee dedicated
nearly seven minutes a full-frontal with
Samantha bee to the issue of migrant
children before using a crude term to
describe Ivanka Trump she's a hero don't
you see she spent minutes talking about
immigration policy before she dropped
that line I mean you couldn't say about
Roseanne Barr so Rose Empire created
many hours of wonderful entertainment
before dropping a crude term to describe
Valerie Jarrett of course you never hear
that right because the tiddy otic but
new york times this has to defend
Samantha me so this is what's hilarious
Chris Hayes spends time trying to
proclaim that people on the right
support Roseanne Barr and Trump for the
same reason which that they all think
like Roseanne Barr by Valerie Jarrett no
evidence of that but the entire left
comes out essentially in support of
Samantha bee with maybe one exception
over at CNN Brooke Baldwin
who will talk about in a second and
suddenly we're supposed to believe that
they are something different from
Samantha bee Samantha bee represents the
left far better than Roseanne Barr ever
represented the right this is not
this is not in doubt okay this is
evidentiary supported of course that is
true and the basic proof of that by the
way is that Samantha knee will not be
pulled off the air the reason that
Roseanne Barr was pulled off the air is
not just because she said something
terrible it's because the network
forecast that was going to happen is
that a bunch of people who watch the
Roseanne's show we're going to turnout
and boycott the show the same will not
happen to Samantha be her ratings will
go up after this a bunch of leftist who
love this kind of stuff will go watch
her show specifically because they feel
the same way about Ivanka Trump and
Donald Trump and Samantha bee okay so I
have a few more comments on this about
apology culture and whether people ought
to be fired for this sort of things but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over Equipe so you don't spend
the right amount of time brushing your
teeth I know you don't I know you're not
brushing twice a day the requisite
amount of time you're not spending two
minutes a day brushing your teeth you're
messing it up or using an old toothbrush
okay well this is what clip is for so
quip is the new electric toothbrush it
packs just the right amount of vibration
into a slimmer design and a fraction of
the cost of bulkier traditional electric
brushes and guiding pulses alert you
want to switch sides making brushing the
right amount of effortless quip also
comes with a mount and suctions right to
your mirror and on sticks to use as a
cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in your gym bag or in
your carry-on and because the thing that
cleans your mouth star else will be
clean quip subscription plan refreshes
your brush on the dentist recommended
schedule delivering new brush heads
every three months for just five bucks
including free shipping worldwide so you
never have to think about it again and
it comes when it's supposed to replace
it's just great quip starts at just 25
dollars and if you go to get quip comm
slash Shapiro right now you'll get your
first free pill refill pack for free
with a quip electric toothbrush that's
your first refill pack free at get quip
comm slash appear oh that's GE t qu IP
comm slash apparel I have a quick to
equip toothbrush I love it use it every
night bring it with me on the road it is
a lot better than other electric
toothbrushes go to GE tqu IP comm slash
Shapiro and you get your first refill
pack for free and equip starts at just
25 bucks to check it out all right so
hey I don't want to make it sound like
everyone in the media supported Samantha
B it's just a large swath of the media
that supported Samantha B Brooke Baldwin
on CNN was the only person I could find
who gave an honest assessment of the
Samantha B nonsense so good for Brooke
Baldwin at CNN tribute to Brooke Baldwin
here's what she said doing this she is
no better than the very behavior she
criticizes in fact she becomes part of
the problem and now like most
entertainers who go political and get in
a hot way
she'll say whoa whoa whoa I'm I'm just a
comedian but the problem is it doesn't
work here
she's Samantha B she's in this position
of leadership not to mention a role
model to millions of young girls and to
women and to used that word from a woman
to another woman offensive is offensive
wrong is wrong okay good for Brooke
waddlin but she was one of the few
people who was saying this there are a
lot of people yesterday making excuses
well Donald Trump uses that kind of
language all the time Donald Trump's has
a lot of bad stuff that's true Donald
Trump does say a lot of bad stuff and
this is pure what about ISM if you're
going to ignore the fact that Samantha B
just said something vile but again this
is well within Samantha bees wheelhouse
so this raises a few questions it raises
I think three serious questions I think
first it raises the question as to
whether Samantha bee ought to be fired
and then it raised the question as to
whether Samantha bee ought to be
boycotted and third it raised the
question as to apology culture so first
should Samantha bee be fired my opinion
is probably not because they got what
they bargained for when they when they
hired Samantha bee this is exactly what
they were looking for they got what they
were looking for you know the same as I
say I'm not sure the same thing holds
true just from a business perspective on
rosanell from a morality perspective
from a decency perspective should she be
fired sure because she's gross and she
never should've been hired but I'm not
talking for a decency perspective I'm
talking from a and I would rather have a
culture that allows amantha B to go
forward and do her miserable crappy show
then have a culture that doesn't and at
the same time I don't see the corporate
