Hilary Clinton goes off on gun control
Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times
tries to explain the Second Amendment
and we checked the mailbag is the ben
shapiro show
[Music]
all right we have a lot to get to here
today with a particularly full segment
of mailbag Lurie today that a lot of
people have written in in the mail and
they want their questions answered and
since it is our first week on syndicated
radio we are going to have a lot of
opportunity to explore a broader than
normal mailbag but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at bit
IRA so you've heard all the stuff about
millionaire next door and the Bitcoin
Bitcoin millionaire next door but here's
the thing okay cryptocurrency is
actually a good investment or at least
it can be a good investment George
Gilder who's one of my economic mentors
a guy who I really believe when he talks
about economics says Bitcoin is the
perfect libertarian solution to the
money enigma now what you've heard about
Bitcoin has been about the volatility or
maybe you've heard about the enormous
amounts of money people are making in it
but what what coin really is like gold
or silver it is an assets that the
government cannot control and cannot
touch and if you put your money in it is
a great hedge against inflation and
government intervention ISM and because
bitcoin is still growing it could also
be a very good investment if you put
your money in and more people buy into
Bitcoin then the Bitcoin prices go up
because the limit Bitcoin is is based on
a limited supply so if there's a limited
supply Bitcoin more people are buying in
the value goes up so if you get an early
on Bitcoin you tend to do better over
time just as if you invested in gold
very early before a massive supply was
increased then you'd do really well on
gold as well well the folks the folks
from Birch gold group the same people
who help you purchase precious metals
for your IRA have created a new company
and it's called bit IRA and it helps you
tap your IRA or 401k into the growth
potential of crypto currencies to help
you learn more bit IRA actually offers a
free copy of their essential guide to
digital IRAs which you can claim at bit
IRA dot-com slash Bend that's bit IRA
com / ben if you have over 20,000
dollars in an IRA or 401k go-to bit IRA
comm slash Ben get free info guide with
zero obligation to you again that's bi
TIR a.com slash Ben ask all your
questions get all your answers and then
if you're interested in putting a little
bit of money in cryptocurrency again as
a hedge against inflation and government
intervention then go over to bit IRA
dot-com slash Ben that's bit IRA dot-com
slash Ben to check it out ok so Hilary
Clinton is back in the news again she
just will not leave under any
circumstances and no matter what she
cannot be pushed out
we'll push Hillary Clinton off and she
she's like that the Jennifer Hudson in
Dreamgirls right she is telling you
she's not going she were the best man
she'll ever know and she's not going to
Hillary Clinton is just gonna stick
around and now she's gonna be talking
about gun control so she is praising the
power Clinton she's saying they're
changing the conversation this is the
great myth of the left is that the
conversation is routinely being changed
even though the conversation is exactly
the same as it ever was here's Hillary
Clinton the one of the the worst not one
of the worst the worst candidate
American history who will not leave
still talking about gun control and
parkland so what we've got to do is to
say we're produced on weapons ban we're
for universal background checks we are
going to hold elected officials
accountable and we're going to vote
against those who will not agree with
those particular policies and I think
we've got a real shot to defeat the NRA
again the problem is it never ends oh
sorry I fell asleep Hillary Clinton is
talking my bad okay so we're back but
she's not the only one who's pushing the
idea that the gun control issue is now
on the table and Democrats finally have
the advantage because of the parkland
teen zoo the parkland things okay so one
of these folks is pushing this idea is
Nicholas Kristof was one of the worst
colonists in America he writes for the
New York Times op-ed page which of
course means that by definition he's one
of the worst columnist in America the
New York Times op-ed page is a trash
heap of misery and and stupidity but in
any case here is what he writes he has
an entire column this week talking about
the Second Amendment and it's called how
to win an argument about guns so I
thought to myself well if Nicholas
Kristof knows how to win an argument
about guns maybe we'd better read those
arguments because maybe he's finally
given a guide to the left on how they
can defeat the Second Amendment agenda
Wow I mean maybe he's finally broken the
code it turns out not so much so here's
what he writes
tragically predictably infuriatingly
we're again morning a shooting this time
at youtube's headquarters even as the
for gun safety legislation installed in
Washington polls showed that nine out of
ten Americans favored basic steps like
universal background checks before gun
purchases but the exceptions are the
President and a majority in Congress now
this alone should make you stop and
think well why is it that if nine out of
ten people think one thing but a
majority of people in Congress who are
elected by those same people think
another thing why that's asperity well
the answer is of course that nine out of
ten people do not support universal
background checks nine out of ten people
are told a slogan called universal
background checks and then when they are
told that this means that you will not
be able to give your gun to your kid
right when this means that you will not
be able to buy a gun for your brother
when this means that you won't be able
to lend a gun to your friend to go
hunting they go well that seems weird
like that's I'm not up for that so all
these polls mean nothing in any case the
Nicholas Kristof continues usually
pundits toss out their bet their own
best arguments while ignoring the other
sides but today I'm going to try
something new and to engage directly
with the arguments made by gun advocates
quote you liberals are in a panic over
guns but look at the numbers any one gun
is less likely to kill a person than any
one vehicle but we're not traumatized by
cars and we don't try to ban them so
here's how Nicholas Kristof responds to
this claim it is true that any
particular car is more likely to be
involved in a fatality than any
particular gun but cars are actually a
perfect example of the public health
approach we should apply to guns we
don't ban cards but we do work hard to
take a dangerous product and regulate it
to limit the damage there are already
federal background checks on guns you
cannot own a machine gun states across
the country have gun legislation that
restricts magazine size I was recently
at a gun shop in California and in
California if you buy a rifle you cannot
actually have replaceable magazine you
literally have to unscrew every magazine
that you use use a magazine you use the
limit you have to unscrew the magazine
you take out a screwdriver and release
the magazine before putting in a new
magazine Andry screwing it in okay so
these gun laws exist all over the United
States and kristoff apparently doesn't
know that he says we do that through
seatbelts and airbags with cars through
speed limits and highway barriers
through driver's licenses and insurance
requirements through crackdowns on
drunken driving and texting while
driving I once calculated that since
1921 we have reduced the auto fatality
rate per 100 million miles driven by 95
percent sure we could have just said the
cars don't kill people people kill
people or it could have said it's
pointless to regulate cars because then
bicyclists will just run each other
down instead we relied on evidence and
data to reduce the carnage from cars why
isn't that a model for guns well here's
the part that's hilarious about this
entire argument that he's in out
proclaiming he's saying that we've done
a great job with cars except that cars
still kill more people than guns right
so how is that how does that follow
right if the idea is that all these
regulations on cars have made them less
deadly why is the guns as a percentage
of the population and the guns the
number of guns in American society has
increased wildly since 1994 and yet the
gun death rate in the United States has
decreased wildly since 1994 he just sort
of skips over that part okay Nicholas
Kristof continues because of the Second
Amendment the Constitution doesn't
protect vehicles but it does protect my
right to a gun he says yes but courts
have found the Second Amendment does not
prevent sensible regulation there is no
constitutional objection to say
universal background checks to obtain a
gun it's crazy the 22 percent of guns
are obtained without a check again he's
right on this one okay there is nothing
in the Constitution that says you cannot
have a universal background check it is
also politically unpalatable because a
lot of people don't want a universal
background check then says whoa again
this is Christoph going back and forth
trying to explain why all the
conservative arguments on guns are wrong
says whoa you're inflating the gun
violence numbers by including suicides
almost two-thirds of those gun deaths
are suicides in the blunt reality is
that if someone wants to kill himself
will find a way it's not about guns is
actually that's not true scholars have
found that suicide barriers on bridges
for example prevent jumpers and don't
lead to a significant increase in
suicides elsewhere okay first of all
they're like five jumpers in the United
States okay the number of people who die
by jumping off bridges in the United
States every year is really really low
so that's not a great sample size and
they says likewise almost half of
suicides in Britain used to be by
asphyxiation oneself with gas from the
oven when Britain switched to a less
lethal oven gas the suicides by oven
plummeted and there was little
substitution by other methods so it is
about guns well no that's like saying
that it was that suicide was about ovens
in Britain okay suicide is much more
common on a per capita basis in many
countries in Europe than it is in the
United States where guns are not nearly
as prevalent the suicide rates in Japan
continue to be quite high for example
and guns are essentially forbidden in
that society the evidence on the to
pretend that guns are the cause of
suicide is just a name a suicide is
something social scientists have been
studying for nigh on two hundred years
right really since
and they're still waiting to figure out
exactly how this functions people don't
understand why people commit suicide
there's no good one answer to it and
suggest it's all about the guns is just
dumb he says no it's more about our
violent culture the Swiss and Israelis
have large numbers of firearms and they
don't have our levels of gun violence
says yes there's something to that
America has underlying social problems
and we need to address them with smarter
economic and social policies but we
magnify the toll when we make it easy
for troubled people to explode with
ar-15s rather than with pocket knives
well there's not a lot of evidence to
that and that doesn't rebut the
supposition which is that a good person
with a gun stops a bad person with a gun
and if a bad person gets a hold of a gun
you don't want to be armed with a
pocketknife in fact then violence rates
vary widely across American society if
we're really looking to save lives maybe
we should stop with the gun confiscation
rhetoric and start talking instead about
how exactly we should stop all these
underlying social problems that are
causing the crime in the first place
and finally the Nicholas Kristof writes
you liberals freaked out about guns if
you have a swimming pool or a bathtub
that's more dangerous to neighborhood
kids than a gun is kids under age 14 are
much more likely to die from drowning
than from firearms so why this crusade
against guns but not against bathtubs
and pools
so here's Christoph's response your
numbers are basically right but only
because young children routinely swim
and take baths but don't regularly
encounter firearms right because the
vast majority of people with firearms
lock them up there are 300 million
firearms in the United States there are
100 million gun owners in the United
States my guess that there are fewer
pools than that in all of the United
States because 300 million pools would
be a lot of pools in the United States I
don't think there's that many pools in
the United States okay so he says look
at the picture of the population as a
whole
overall 3,600 Americans drown each year
while 36,000 die from guns yes including
suicides there's one more reason to be
talking more about gun safety than about
pool safety well no that's more of a
reason to be talking than to be talking
about why guns should stay away from
kids and why again if we're so
apparently we're not allowed to talk
about deaths from cars because something
and we shouldn't talk about death from
pools because guns guns outs are more
common than pool deaths even though if
we talk about guns and pools then we
come up with the conclusion that pulls
her more dangerous to children than guns
none of this makes any sense
finally since note that a backyard pool
is it going to be used - mother neighbor
or to invade in nearby school schools
don't have drills for
active pool situation okay that's an
emotional argument not really a logical
one
he said well some 200,000 guns are
stolen each year it's more difficult to
steal the pool and use it for a violent
purpose okay so now he's calling for a
full-scale gun confiscation and then
telling us why we shouldn't worry about
that
so again Nicholas Kristof defeating his
own arguments well done there Nicholas
Kristof just strong stuff from the New
York Times columnist David French has an
excellent column on all of this and any
points out that all the straw man that
Nicholas Kristof erect here do not do
not even withstand Nicholas Kristof's
attempt to / a22 undercut its undercut
those arguments that hit the arguments
that he props up there are actually
stronger than his counter arguments
French says Christophe won't win his
argument because he can't we've proven
we can decrease crime while we protect
the Second Amendment and expand access
to guns we know we can reduce suicides
without restricting any person's right
to self-defense we know we have fewer
suicides than many other developed
countries even as we have more guns
moreover we know that various so-called
dominant common-sense gun control
measures wouldn't have prevented a
single recent shooting and David French
certainly is right about all of that
okay so in just a second I want to
discuss the latest over at Facebook
where disaster has broken out yet again
but this time over something that I
don't really think is Facebook's fault
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at skills chair so skill
share is the place to go for you to
broaden and deepen your resume okay your
you need to make your skill set better
you do if you want a better job if you
want to raise it the job that you are
currently at you need to go to skill
share calm and take a class with the
experts over there Skillshare is an
online learning platform with over
18,000 classes in design business
technology and more you can take classes
in graphic design we here at the office
take social media marketing marketing
search engine optimization they have
classes on just about everything they're
a lifelong learning tool and it is just
great now I've even taken a class on
watercolours just for the fun of it from
Skillshare join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today and
we have a special offer just for my
listeners you get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents so
Skillshare is offering Ben Shapiro short
listeners two months of unlimited access
to over 18,000 classes for just 99 cents
to sign up go to Skillshare comm slash
Shapiro that Skillshare comm slash
apparel to start your two months now
that Skillshare comm slash apparel
getting get 99 cents two months of
Skillshare it's really a great service
and there's a reason that we have all of
our employees take skill share
classes you should - you want a better
job you want to get paid more this is
the way to do it Skillshare comm /a
Pierrot
also lets them know that we sent you
okay so meanwhile Facebook has gotten
itself into some hot water
why because on Wednesday they said that
most of its users who had a specific
search function enabled had had their
profile scraped by third parties the
Zuckerberg sat on a call with reporters
what we've seen some scraping scraping
is where companies go into Facebook and
they look at your public profile and
then they take all the information off
of it so that they can date a mine on
you he says I would assume if you had
that setting turned on that someone at
some point has access to your public
information in some way he the setting
he's referring to is one where users let
other users search for them by email
address or phone number rather than just
by name so their chief technology
officer Mike Schroepfer said most
Facebook users could have had their
public profile scraped he said quote
until today people could enter another
person's phone number or email address
into Facebook search to help find them
there's been especially useful for
finding your friends and languages which
take more effort to type out a full name
or where many people have the same name
in Bangladesh for example this feature
makes up 7% of all searches however
malicious actors have also abused these
features to scrape public profile
information by submitting phone numbers
or email addresses they already have
thought they already have through search
and account recovery and given the scale
and sophistication of the activity we've
seen we believe most people on Facebook
could have had their public profile
scraped in this way so a lot of people
are very upset about this because all
Cambridge analytical was scraping public
information and using it in order to
cross tabulate with political preference
and now other companies are doing this
guys the Internet is not private if you
put a profile on Facebook other people
can see it that is the purpose of it if
you think marketing companies are not
taking advantage of that you don't know
anything about social media so this one
is not on Facebook what is on Facebook
is that they have lost the trust of the
American people because Facebook has not
been transparent about what exactly
