EPA Administrator Scott Pruett is out
Trump rallies in Montana and we check
the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
many a new day will meet my eye many
much news will find me okay in any case
we were going to talk all the news we're
gonna get into the mailbag but first I
want to remind you that our national
debt right now is 21 trillion dollars in
counting why do I remind you of this
well because the money that we now owe
other countries is greater than the
entire economic output of the United
States if your entire life savings is
tied to the US dollar you should ask
yourself a question what is your plan
for Hyper and play inflation
particularly if the left decides that it
wants to blow out spending even more
hedge against inflation and hedge
against uncertainty and instability with
some precious metals gold is a safe
haven against uncertainty now I'm not
saying you should take all your money
and stick it in gold but I'm saying that
my savings plan is diversified and yours
should be to the company I trust with
precious metal purchases Birch gold
group and right now thanks to a little
in the IRS tax law you can even move
your IRA or eligible 401k into an IRA
backed by physical gold and silver it's
perfect for people who want to protect
their hard-earned retirement savings
from any future geopolitical uncertainty
look back historically when the bottom
falls out of everything else Gold tends
to safeguard savings Birch gold group
are the folks you should trust they have
thousands of satisfied customers
countless five-star reviews an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau
yomo about Birch Gold's free information
kit for a limited time qualified
purchases can earn up to an additional
10 grand in precious metals for free
through July 31st to find out if you
qualify contact Birch gold now go to
birchgold.com slash been talk to one of
their reps mention I sent you that's
birchgold.com slash ben's do it now
the offer only runs until July 31st
terms and limitations apply ask your
sales representative for details ok so
the big news of the day is that EPA
Administrator Scott Pruitt is out and I
want to begin by saying that Scott
Pruett totally deserves to be out so a
lot of people are coming to scott pruett
defense they're suggesting that he was
unfairly targeted they were pointing out
the EPA under Barack Obama was
scandal-ridden yes that's true the EPA
under Barack Obama was indeed
scandal-ridden I remember when they
turned an entire River in Colorado
yellow remember that they were trying to
get rid of some waste and so they blew
up a barrier in the in the place that
was holding the waste and infused an
entire River with his bright yellow
copper tinged gunk it was great you know
the EPA under Barack Obama was a
disaster that said was scott pruett on
the up and up a lot of people out there
defending scott pruett today saying that
Scott Pruett was on the up and up it was
all targeted well if that's the case
then you have to wonder why is it that
the only Trump administration officials
who have been for sale or forced out
actual reasons of corruption like Tom
Price over at the Health and Human
Services desk or Scott Pruett over at
EPA like they haven't found anything on
general mattis over a Department of
Defense they haven't found anything on
Mike Pompeo over at state even Rex
Tillerson was there and he wasn't a good
Secretary of State they had nothing on
Rex Tillerson and there a lot of folks
who are who are defending Scott Pruett
today saying that he was just targeted
because he was such a do-gooder over at
the EPA reducing regulations but the guy
who is going to be replacing him andrew
wheeler is going to be just as activist
from what I understand Donald Trump
tweeted out I've accepted the
resignation of Scott Pruett as the
administrator of the Environmental
Protection Agency within the agency
Scott has done an outstanding job and I
will always be thankful to him for this
the Senate confirms at PDPA Andrew
Wheeler will on Monday assumed duties as
the Acting Administrator of the EPA I
have no doubt and he will continue on
with our great and lasting EPA agenda we
have made tremendous progress in the
future of the EPA was bright well his
resignation letter to Donald Trump is
appropriately obsequious I mean it is
supremely obsequious
and Trump is a big Trump defender he's a
big Prewitt defender specifically
because Pruitt is big Trump defender so
Pruett wrote in his letter quote it is
extremely difficult for me to see
serving you in this role first because I
counted as a blessing to be serving you
in any capacity but also because of the
transformative work that is occurring
however the unrelenting attacks on me
personally my family are unprecedented
and have taken a sizable toll on all of
us the talk from inside the
administration is that pearl is actually
forced out this was not him saying that
he wanted to go the president says that
printed an outstanding job inside the
EPA so here's just a list of the
scandals that led to Scott Pruett
stepping down because there's a lot of
talk about Pruett being unfairly
targeted here I mean it ain't it ain't
great so number one Pruett fired an aide
after she refused to alter appointments
on his calendar so an EPA scheduler was
asked to delete and change information
about past events on Pruitt's schedule
which could be potentially a violation
of federal law since you're not allowed
to go back retroactively Leigh and
change what was on your schedule
EPA lawyers made the aide aware that
altering records may be illegal this is
fortune.com reporting Scott Pruett asked
his staff to find his wife a job with a
salary of at least $200,000 which is not
an appropriate use of government staff
she also reportedly agreed that provided
asked subordinates to perform personal
work this is according to Samantha
Draven former EPA policy administrator
she told congressional and
the Gators that Pruitt had asked her to
help find Pruitt's wife a job and the
salary should be at least 200 grand
scott pruett used official channels to
try to get a chick-fil-a franchise for
his wife which is real weird since you
can just apply to get a chick-fil-a
franchise he used a secret email address
instead of official ones even after the
Hillary Clinton email scandal he used a
loophole to award staff raises without
White House knowledge right this of
course was very controversial at the
time the White House told Pruitt he
couldn't offer high salaries to two of
his closest aides but then he used a
loophole in the Safe Drinking Water Act
to boost their wages according to the
Atlantic he rented a Washington DC
apartment at a steep discount from a
lobbyist he apparently rented this
apartment at 50 bucks a night in
Washington DC it was supposedly owned by
the wife in a couple who are both
lobbyists her husband represented
clients had matters in front of the EPA
he chartered a lots of flights
he flew first class he had a $43,000
soundproof phone booth installed in his
office suggesting that there are just
too many people attempting to spy on him
he ordered a unprecedented security
detail he was saying there are threats
against him which may or may not have
been true and there are a bunch of other
issues with scott pruett
and thus he had to step down are any of
these you know fireable in and of
themselves probably not when you
aggregate them all together it doesn't
look good for Scott Pruitt and that is
why Scott Pruitt is out today and
appropriately he should be again his
resignation letter explains why it is
that that Scott Pruitt was such a
favorite of President Trump he said mr.
president it has been an honor to serve
you in the cabinet as administrator of
the EPA truly your confidence in me has
blessed me personally and enabled me to
advance your agenda beyond what anyone
anticipated at the beginning of your
administration your courage
steadfastness and resolute commitment to
get results for the American people both
with regards to improved environmental
outcomes as well as historical
regulatory reform is in fact occurring
it is an unprecedented pace and I thank
you for the opportunity to serve you and
the American people in helping achieve
those ends that is why it is hard for me
to advise you I am stepping down as
administrator of the EPA my desire and
service to you has always been to bless
you as you make important decisions for
the American people I believe you are
serving as president today because of
God's providence
I believe that same Providence brought
me into your service I pray as I have
served you that I've blessed you and
enabled you to effectively lead the
American people blessing and serving and
serving and blessing and blessing and
serving and blessing and serving so
there's there's a reason that Scott
Pruett was it was a favorite of
president Trump's he did by the way what
he did in terms of regulatory reform at
the EPA I agree with a lot of that stuff
but
comes to being a swamp creature it's
pretty clear that Scott Pruitt
unfortunately was one of them and that's
why he had to go there's a reason that
Laura Ingraham for example was
suggesting that Scott Pruitt had to go
now with all of this said the suggestion
from the media is that the White House
is in turmoil again
Scott Pruett is out it's just a constant
it's a constant episode of Survivor over
at the White House this is this is the
cover of the New York Daily News they
they said the same thing they're
basically showing all the members of the
Trump administration on the front page
and then it exit out Scott Pruett its
head out right and said that this was
Trump's version of Survivor season two
okay so what so there's lots of turnover
the real question is is the policy
getting done for the American people now
I will acknowledge that the perception
of instability about the administration
is not useful it is not good right the
fact is that one of the things the
Democrats are counting on with regard to
2020 particularly is a feeling of
general unease about president Trump's
administration a feeling that just in
general things are up in the air too
much there there's a lot of that well
that's not great but is the policy
getting done the answer is the policy is
getting done the the policy continues to
be quite good other than tariff policy
the economy continues to grow report
today from the Department of Labor total
nonfarm payroll employment increased by
two hundred thirteen thousand in June
the unemployment rate rose to four
percent but the unemployment rate
increase was only because more people
are getting back into the workforce
because finally the economy is really is
really moving job growth occurred in
professional and business services
manufacturing in health care while
retail trade lost jobs total nonfarm
payroll increased two hundred thirteen
thousand in june has run by 2.4 million
over the last 12 months employment in
professional and business services
increased by fifty thousand in june has
risen by about five hundred and twenty
one thousand over the year manufacturing
added 36,000 jobs in june these are very
good numbers for the President of the
United States very good numbers for the
country the participation rates have
shown some improvement labor
participation rates there's a lot of
talk during the Obama administration
that a lot of people had dropped out of
the workforce those people are now
starting to come back the workforce
participation rate ticked up two-tenths
to sixty two point nine percent that's
still slightly lower than sixty three
percent in February it's well below the
post great recession rate of sixty five
point seven percent and it's near the
post great recession rate bottom of
sixty two point six percent according to
Ed Morrissey over at hot air but at
least it's moved in the right direction
and the employment population ratio is
still at sixty point four percent which
is still a very low rate we need more
people employed but the fact the
unemployment rate went up is actually
good news because more people are
getting back into the workforce looking
for work again
there's also slow wage growth but that
makes sense because when only six and
ten people are working there's a lot of
people who are still entering the job
market creating competition that makes
that that creates pressure for a
lowering of the wages so now all of this
is good economic news now all of this is
is excellent economic news and President
Trump has a right to be proud of it
president Trump has a right to be proud
of the the economy that he has helped to
foster here now with that said we are we
are looking at more tariffs now you know
the the reason that President Trump is
is I think undermining his own economy
is with with his tariffs talk so now
President Trump is firing the biggest
shot yet in the global trade war
according to the economic times by
imposing tariffs on thirty four billion
dollars of Chinese imports delivering on
a promise to his political supporters
that risks provoking retaliation and
harming the world economy so as I have
said many times before when it comes to
tariff policy I have no problem
whatsoever with the President of the
United States using tariffs as a tool to
lower tariffs in other countries if he
is using tariffs as a ratchet if the
idea here is that there's a tariff on
our product somewhere else and we're
putting a tariff on their products here
and now let's lower all the tariffs
that's fine but the president seems to
have a peculiar fondness for tariffs he
thinks that trade wars are easy to win
well it turns out the trade wars are in
fact it not easy to win China is also
increasing tariffs and the EU has
increased tariffs and Mexico has
increased tariffs after months of
rhetoric a twenty five percent levy on
thirty four billion dollars of Chinese
goods entering the United States took
effect just after midnight on Wednesday
on Friday sorry with farm and Claussen
and airplane parts among the products
targeted according to Bloomberg trying
to hit back immediately via duties on US
shipments including soybeans and
automobiles which is not good for the
United States economy Trump is already
looking at another sixteen billion
dollars of Chinese goods suggesting the
final total could top top 500 billion
dollars more than the u.s. bought in
2017 the Chinese commerce ministry is
accusing the United States of bullying
and in the knighting the largest trade
war in economic history now is this
going to be good for all the people he's
going to need to win in 2020 I don't see
how I mean there are a lot of soybean
farmers who are going to be damaged
by the fact that China is now putting
new tariffs on all of this now there's
still a lot of folks saying this is not
showing a lot of trade fairs hurting the
United States economy but we have not
seen this play out yet there's there's a
report yesterday that folks are holding
back capital that there are new reports
from the Fed suggesting the businesses
are holding back capital investment
because they're perturbed about the
future of this trade war under a
full-blown trade war according to
Bloomberg in which the u.s. slaps 10%
tariffs on all of the countries and they
respond economists reckon US growth
would slow by 0.8 percentage points in
2020 Trump has already imposed duties on
foreign steel and aluminum imports
drawing a response from the EU and
Canada which fret he may go after
automakers next so none of this is a
particularly good policy but we will
find out whether whether it continues to
spiral or whether everybody seems to
back down because there's another report
yesterday that suggests that China was
going to lower its tariffs a little bit
which would suggest that president
Trump's strength on tariff policy may be
a good thing so we'll talk about that in
just a second first I want to talk a
little bit about your underwear because
the fact is that it is getting hot out
there and the last thing that you need
are uncomfortable underwear in the hot
weather this is why you need Tommy
John's check out the underwear from
Tommy John's the revolutionary clothing
brand that has redefined comfort for
people everywhere including me only
Tommy John combines the latest in fabric
technology with patented wedgie proof
designs for a fit so perfect it's almost
like wearing nothing at all the Leger
proof design would have come in very
handy for me back in high school and you
will never have to worry about
swamp-like conditions below because
Tommy John's moisture wicking fabrics
pull perspiration right off the body so
it's like 110 degrees here in LA today I
mean it is extraordinarily hot here
today I am very grateful that I'm
wearing Tommy John they're cool cotton
fabric tries four to five times faster
and keeps you 2 to 3 times cooler than
traditional cotton plus all Tommy John
underwear is backed by the best pair you
will ever wear or it's free guarantee so
you don't have anything to lose stay
cool and collected all summer long with
Tommy John no adjustment needed hurry -
Tommy John comm / Shapiro and you get
20% off your first order that's Tommy
John comm / apparel for 20% off again
that's Tommy John comm / apparel let
them know that we sent you and again you
will ensure that Tommy John's
gets you those underwear at 20% off your
first order when you use that promo code
Shapiro so all of that check that out ok
so is is any of this going to be good
for the US economy well the dollar has
been knocked so that's not good
according to the according to the
Financial Times what we are looking at
right now the possibility of a trade war
is going to have an impact on the
strength of the United States dollar
according to according to Andrew
Milligan who's the head of Global
Strategy at Aberdeen standard
investments with so many mixed messages
coming out of Washington it may be a
relief for investors to focus on hard
data such as Fed minutes and payrolls
report the combination should reinsure
investors that whatever the travails of
some emerging markets the US economy
remains in robust shape China's stocks
found support Wall Street equities
indices are holding steady and European
bourses are drifting lower and cautious
trade as investors tracked the latest
round of in of the international trade
dispute so the the US dollar was knocked
a little bit it lifted Wall Street
futures back over flat line and pushed
Treasuries lower you know the economic
reports continue to be good the dollar
index is down 0.5% sentiment is so
cautious after the increase in the
tariffs there still seems to be a lot of
wonderment in the markets at all of this
there's still a lot of talk in the
markets about the idea that perhaps none
of this will will come to pass that
perhaps these tariffs will be back down
by Congress perhaps everybody will back
