President Trump does have a nuclear
button on his desk but it is just for
Steve Bannon and I have many many
thoughts on this many a thought plus
Oregonians apparently don't know how to
pump gas which is a weird thing I didn't
know but we'll talk about all of these
things so many emotions so many things
to talk about I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
Steve Maddens the worst person ever hey
let's just start with that Steve is just
a garbage human being so to watch the
President of the United States turn his
wrath towards Steve Bannon is very much
akin to the scene in the new Star Wars
film spoiler alert
in the throne room with kylo Ren with
the lightsaber okay so it's a lot of
things happen yesterday and many of them
are good I think very good for the
administration actually the short term
effect is everybody's gonna say oh it's
chaos in the White House
guess what everyone's always saying that
crap but the question is whether it's
good for the administration short and
long term and the answer is the
disembowelment of Steve Bannon and
strewing the the plains with his
intestines was I think in the end a
quite good move for the administration
I'll explain why in just a second we'll
go through all the details all of the
gory details why this has happened
what's going on no one knows except for
me so we'll talk about it in just a
second but first I wanna say thank you
to our sponsors over at nature box so if
you're watching the news and you feel
like a snack as I so often do these days
the nature box is the place to go
so nature box will bring you all of the
most healthy snacks all of the most
tasteful snacks everybody in the office
loves nature box they have over 100
delicious snacks all snacks are made
with high-quality simple ingredients no
artificial colors flavors or sweeteners
it is easy just go to nature box comuter
snacks nature box delivers them right to
your door new snacks are added every
single month inspired by new food trends
and professional chefs and then customer
feedback and if you don't like a snack
the nature box will just replace it for
free which is awesome some of the ones
that are popular around the office the
vanilla bean wafers the coffee kettle
popcorn it's all great stuff everyone
around here would be getting fat except
for the fact that these snacks are a lot
healthier than the alternatives so
that's when naturebox.com/tyler men and
you get 50% off your first order
when you go to nature box calm down that
is nature box common it's perfect
for days like yesterday when you're just
sitting there I need a box of something
to just pop in your mouth as you watch
Twitter flash by nature box combat
efficiency of the news cycle it's just
fantastic
picture box that comes /ban 50% off your
first order alright so here we are again
now you may sense a bit of personal
satisfaction from yours truly
that's Steve Ben and
just got cut in half by the President of
the United States you would not be
mistaken Stephen is a bad man I've been
saying for well over a year the CPM is a
bad man I said in March 2016 the Steve
bandit had betrayed Andrew Breitbart so
legacy and then he had sold out
Breitbart to become his personal
political vehicle so I was first on this
boat and I don't mean like one of the
first I mean the first okay I was the
guy who was saying this for over a year
I said for two years that he was a
self-aggrandizing con man who leached
himself to more powerful players in
order to maintain power right this is
stuff that I was saying okay and I was
eminently correct and the president now
agrees I'm glad that the President of
the United States has come to the truest
most proper conclusion he has ever come
to in history ever okay he said the
truest things that have ever been said
about Steve Vienna so here is the the
lead up so the lead up is that Steve is
constantly leaking to the media for his
own self-aggrandizement I've been saying
this to members of the media look at
every interview that I've done over the
last year I've been saying Steve ban and
does not have any actual power he just
had the perception of power that
perception of power was being driven by
a rabid media interested in painting
President Trump as a rube and a hick who
didn't know what he was doing and
therefore Bannon was the power behind
the throne manipulating things like some
great puppeteer it was all nonsense
Bannon was never a great puppeteer
Bannon was always a guy who plastered
his lips to the ass of the most powerful
person that he could find and glued them
there like a barnacle until he could
ride them to glory and then when the
whale died then he like a like a virus
would find a new host and the parasite
would move on and he did this to Sarah
Palin he did the stander Breitbart
literally died not because abandon but
then he took over Benny he took over
Breitbart shop and turned into Bannon
calm look went were they were selling
Bannon fidgets spinners like five months
ago
hey we were trying to get some yesterday
here at the office but unfortunately
they are all out of stock in any case
Steve Bannon has been doing this as a
career move for a very long time and he
had cultivated a lot of people like he
had cultivated some of the hosts at Fox
News he'd become close with people like
Sean Hannity he he tried to paint
himself as the intellectual veneer of
trumpism and then he started to buy his
own press and this is always the fatal
flaw in this particular Greek tragedy
Steve Danon was the guy who was the
gimlet-eyed steel isolde fellow who was
going to maneuver his way to the top is
gonna be like How to Succeed in Business
Without
trying except without Robert Morris's
charm and he was going to simply ride
that wave all the way to power the
problem is he began to believe his own
press he began to believe that he was
the philosopher right he was the brain
of the Trump administration Trump was
the balls in the heart and Steve Bannon
was the brain he was the guy who was
really driving all of the activity and
he tried to make the media believe in
this right he would he would go into the
White House and he would have his
whiteboard behind him with all of the
promises I'm the guy who sits here for
20 hours a day trying to get things done
within three months he'd been
marginalized like very quickly he'd been
marginalized so he put himself basically
on the cover of Time magazine and that
was step number one and Steve started to
believe because he would go to these
rallies and people would cheer for him
because they saw him as a proxy for
Trump instead he started to believe that
people actually cared about Steve Bannon
no one ever cared about Steve Bannon
right people cared about Sarah Palin she
built herself a movement people cared
about Andrew Breitbart who is a
legitimately good human being whose
legacy has been betrayed and spit upon
by a subversive disgusting con man yeah
I knew Andrew I was close to Andrews
friends with Andrew for virtually all of
my adult life I mean literally I met him
when I was 17 years old and I worked
closely with him until his death his
Steve Bannon took his legacy and pissed
all over it for Steve bannon's own
personal aggrandizement there these are
people who actually built something
Steve Bannon has never built a damn
thing in his entire life he did not
build the Trump campaign he was not even
part of the Trump campaign except for
Mercer money the reason that Steve
Bannon was on the campaign is because
the Mercer's went to Donald Trump and
they said we want to put money into your
campaign why don't you take a couple
people were close with Steve Bannon and
Kellyanne Conway that's how they both
got on the Trump campaign this is
obvious and publicly available
information
hey Bannon was not the great manipulator
he was not the great genius he has a
good gift for getting in good with
people right this is what he does what
he does he goes to more powerful people
and he says I can make you even more
powerful just follow you be you let
Trump be Trump let Palin be Palin let
Breitbart be Breitbart this was his
shtick but then something happened to
Steve that's a good stick it's a good
stick as far as it goes but then I think
something happened to Steve and what
happened to see the Steve began to buy
his own press never buy your own press
particularly when the press is being
created by the leaks that you are person
applying to the press so Steve began
with this wishful thinking that he was
this very powerful player he would go to
the press he would leak all this
information to the press making him seem
like a powerful player and then he'd
start to believe what he
in the press that he leaked to the press
that he was a very powerful player and
this made him think I am the new face of
Trump ISM right I'm not that there is
Trump and then there's trumpism trumpism
is nationalist populism it's this grand
philosophy of a government that is going
to stand up for blue-collar working
Americans through tariffs and
infrastructure plans and higher taxes on
the rich it'll be a merger between
Bernie Sanders is domestic policy with
regards to taxing the rich for the
benefit of the Rust Belt workers and
it'll be a combination of that with pat
buchanan esque isolationism on foreign
policy in some areas where does this
kind of hard-nosed realism okay now that
was that was bannon's taken Bannen
thought that he could do it banned and
thought that he was going to take Trump
is him away from Trump and once you
start thinking that you are going to
take the movement away from the man you
are done because there is no trumpets
movement outside of Trump there isn't
okay people voted for Trump because they
liked the attitude they didn't vote for
Trump because he had a list of policy
proposals if people had voted for a list
of policy proposals MIT Romney would be
president right now people don't vote
for a list of policy proposals they vote
for people people voted for Trump they
voted for it from not because of his
policy I know Ann Coulter has this stick
today where she's saying people voted
for him because they wanted the
immigration reform it's true that if he
had run on a different platform on
immigration he might have gotten a
different voter base but to suggest that
if Donald Trump moved to the left on
immigration his entire base would desert
him that they are all ideologically
driven is just not the case it's just
not the case people voted for Trump for
two reasons he wasn't Hillary Clinton
and he had this this kind of this feel
of aggression right and people wanted
the feel of aggression it was much more
about Trump than it was about any sort
of cohesive political philosophy so
Steve tried to build a false cohesive
political philosophy around Trump but
even Steve didn't believe that see this
is the thing Steve didn't even believe
that what Steve believed is that he was
powerful enough to dupe people into
believing that he had a political
philosophy and then he was building a
movement around that Steve is dishonest
okay Steve is not interested in a
political philosophy any kind I talked
to him on the phone for two hours a day
for two years I know Steve pretty well
okay I know Steve better than believe
that Steve has a set notion of his own
political philosophy and every time the
media would ask me about this for four
years I would say he doesn't have one
and he's doing this for convenience he
thought how do i distinguish myself in
the marketplace well if I'm a typical
conservative then I'm no different than
Mitch McConnell or then Paul Ryan more
than a bevy of other conservatives who
put
conservatism so what can I do well Trump
is different and his policy proposals
are different and all over the place
what if I craft a new philosophy and I
make myself the avatar of that new
philosophy and then Trump is superfluous
to that philosophy because people voted
for the philosophy then in vote for
Trump and I'm a better face for that
philosophy than Trump is I'm smarter
than Trump probably true I am more I'm
more ballsy than Trump probably not true
I'm more correct charismatic than Trump
obviously not true he looks like a
homeless refugee from the Vietnam War
right the idea that Steve Bannon was
ever going to capture the trumpet's
movement and move it away from Trump is
just asinine it was never going to
happen but he began to buy his own press
and that's why Steve after he was ousted
from the administration had become
completely marginal he had no impact on
the administration none okay because he
had no impact on the administration he
had to come up with a new plan after he
left Breitbart I mean after he left the
Trump administration so he went back to
Breitbart which was the only place that
would have him he wasn't gonna get hired
anyplace else already been marginalized
already he goes back to Breitbart and he
comes up with a new plan and in just one
second I'm gonna explain to you Steve
bannon's new plan and how it
dramatically backfired and destroyed him
I'm gonna explain that in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at policy genius so from
policy genius is for people who are
interested in buying life insurance you
don't spend a lot of time thinking about
what happens if you die right cuz it's
dark and it's gloomy but perhaps you
should because it can happen at any
moment like now or now or now right you
could be dead listening to the rest of
the sad but here is the problem if you
haven't actually made those plans I'm
joking obviously I assume you're still
alive listening otherwise that's sad but
if you're still alive listen and go get
a life insurance policy because honestly
your family needs to be taken care of if
something bad should happen to you
people don't think about this until it's
too late and then it really is too late
because we don't have the capacity to
bring you back to life and buy a life
insurance so please go to policy genius
calm it's the easy way to compare and
buy life insurance online they let you
compare quotes in just five minutes it's
almost unheard of to make a responsible
purchase in five minutes the policy
genius can make you it can do this for
you and they don't just ensure life by
the way they insure everything you can
do health insurance disability insurance
pet insurance renter's insurance they've
helped over 4 million people shop for
insurance and they've placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage it basic
allows you to shop around and compare
and make all the best deals and get
exactly the program that is tailored to
you so if you made a New Year's
resolution to be better with money go to
policy genius.com easy way to compare
buy life insurance again knows no sales
pressure no no hassle and it is free
which means it's fiscally responsible
policy genius.com
get your new year's resolution resolves
in just five minutes this is winning
just knock off your list right now
policy genius.com and that way if you
buy it right now you could literally
just pull over on the road while you're
listening buy your life insurance
through policy genius calm and then your
family won't have to care if you die in
the car crash five minutes from now I
mean they'll still care I assume I hope
they love you but at least monetarily
they'll be taken care of so policy
genius calm that's the place so if like
Steve Ben and you or you were basically
disemboweled yesterday you wish you
would have used policy genius calm in
any case Steve ban and he has to come up
with a new philosophy of what he's gonna
do
so what Steve has done is he's always
used people to get where he wants to go
right he used Breitbart he used Palin he
used Hannity he used FoxNews he used
Roger Ailes he uses all these people and
then he turns on them when they become
inconvenient and he throws them under
the bus because that's who Steve is he
did it with the alt-right as well right
he said that he made himself a platform
for the alt-right and then when Milo you
innopolis ran into trouble then suddenly
Milo was dead to him right here he rode
Roy Morton told Roy Moore dropped like a
like a horse and then suddenly he said
Roy Moore is dead to me
right Ponyland well we'll back call
Nealon against paul ryan and then when
Nealon goes toxic then he's dead to me
right this is steve bannon's routine
okay so now see Bannon is out at the
white house and he still has but he has
to prop up his position of looking like
he's powerful so what can he do to look
powerful well he has to find again this
distinguishing point so he is now he's
made himself the face of this so-called
Trumpets philosophy but where can he
find somebody who reflects that Trump is
philosophy well he has a couple of
options one he could go to Karl Rove
not that he could start a super PAC he
could raise a lot of money he could stay
behind the scenes he could try to
manipulate but that's not steve's he
wants to be out front right steve is the
only media mogul in human history who
had his own radio show right I was a
personality before I ran hey Lee Weyer
hey Steve Bannon was nothing until he
was associated with Breitbart but he was
the guy who was doing Breitbart news
radio it just demonstrates what Steve's
sort of idea of himself is which is he
wants to be a public figure he wants his
face to be on things he likes the
president Ben
so he wants to be a public figure so he
can't do Karl Rove and just fun things
from behind the scenes and build a
movement which is what you would
actually do if he wanted to build
movement instead he has to do something
different and when he has to do is he
has to find candidates will allow him to
go on stage would be the biggest guy
there right he has to go find a place
where he is different than Mitch
McConnell and the quote-unquote
establishment and he has to try and
channel Tea Party anger against the
establishment into support for the ban
and philosophy movement right to the ban
in movements he's gonna try and turn the
Tea Party to the Bandon party that's
gonna be his plan and the person he
chooses to do this because Bannon is not
a particularly bright political operator
is Roy Moore he says I'm gonna make Roy
Moore in Alabama my man so first he
tries to support mo Brooks in Alabama
which is the correct move then when mo
Brooks loses he says I'm gonna support
Roy Moore over Luther strange in the
runoff despite all of row Moore's
toxicity I'm gonna stand in part because
of where I'm Moore's toxicity because
Roy Moore is the kind of guy who will
say anything he's much more a Trumpy
figure than the Luthor's range he'll say
anything that he wants to say he'll
stand up to anyone he's a tough rough
son of a right now that's the shtick and
so he's gonna support Roy Moore
especially because Mitch McConnell
supporting Luther strange and then Trump
comes down on Luther stranger side and
