from Congress to Huffington Post sexual
harassment is everywhere the bottom
falls out for Roy Moore or does it
really and Jeff Sessions heads to the
hill I'm Ben Shapiro this is the venture
Pierrot show
this is a jam-packed show for you today
we are going to give you very latest on
Roy Moore that is heating up because it
now appears that a lot of his media
supporters are moving away from but when
war isn't going anywhere and he is not
sinking in the polls the latest poll has
Roy Moore up 49 43 there's the real
possibility the guy about whom credible
allegations of sexual molestation have
been made will end up being elected to
the United States Senate which of course
puts the Republican Party in a very
interesting position we'll discuss all
of that plus again see Jeff Sessions on
the hill should there be a special
counsel for Hillary Shep Smith he did
when went after some folks on the right
for talking about uranium one so I want
to let you know what's true and what's
false about uranium one we'll get to all
of those things but first we say thank
you to our sponsors over at helix so I'm
on the road I'm actually broadcasting
today from Fox News I was on outnumbered
earlier today as well as Fox and Friends
and I did not sleep great one of the
reasons I did not sleep great is because
I was not on my helix sleep mattress my
helix sleep mattress at home is the only
place that I can sleep comfortably they
have ruined sleep for me everywhere else
helix sleep offers something that
doesn't exist anywhere else a mattress
personalized your unique preferences and
sleeping style that will not set you
back thousands of dollars go to helix
sleep comm /ban take their simple two to
three minutes sleep quiz they'll build a
custom mattress that will be the best
thing you have ever slept on for couples
they'll even personalize each side of
the mattress it is less expensive than
if you go to a mattress store and buy a
comparable mattress it's great it rides
in your mail you unpack the box and then
it inflates right in front of you
because foam mattress you pop it on your
bed you're ready to go and you can try
it for 100 nights if you don't love it
they'll pick it up and refund you in
full go to helix sleep comm slash bed
right now that's helix sleep comm slash
bed right now you get 50 bucks off
toward your custom mattress that's helix
sleep comm slash Ben for $50 off your
order again helix sleep calm slash Ben
use that slash Ben so that they know
that we sent you an get 50 bucks off
your order okay so we begin today with a
general observation
sexual harassment is apparently
everywhere this is sort of a shocking
story that went completely under the
under the radar yesterday but there is a
democratic woman named Jackie Speier
she's a congresswoman on the hill and
she in an interview yesterday MSNBC she
said there are two members of the House
who have been hit with serious sexual
harassment
shows the house over the past several
years has paid out 15 million dollars in
sexual harassment claims that's your
taxpayer dollars in mind paying off
women for guys who can't keep their
their grubby hands off so here's what
jackie speier had to say now we we do
know that there's a about 15 million
dollars that has been paid out by the
house on behalf of harasser x' in the
last ten to fifteen years fifteen
million dollars has been paid out over
sexual harassment claims so obviously
more than one member of Congress you
know how many over time that is I know
that some of them are former members now
I don't really know okay that's a lot of
money it's a serious amount of money and
if we're all gonna go nuts over Bill
O'Reilly's alleged 32 million dollar
settlement on sexual harassment 15
million bucks is a lot of money this is
why Paul Ryan the Speaker of the House
has now come out and said that we need
to have mandatory harassment training in
Congress first of all I'm shocked that
they didn't have mandatory harassment
training before like pretty much every
major company that I've worked yet has
had to have some sort of form of HR
training including me of watch a sexual
harassment tape one of these dumb tapes
from the 80s where they show you that
you're not allowed to grab a woman's
butt which you should have known since
you're not a jerk but in any case Paul
Ryan comes out he says we need mandatory
harassment training it is today's
hearing was another important step in
our efforts to combat sexual harassment
and ensure a safe workplace I want to
especially thank my colleagues who
shared their stories going forward the
house will adopt a policy of mandatory
anti harassment and anti discrimination
training for all members and staff our
goal is not only to raise awareness but
also make abundantly clear that
harassment in any form has no place in
this institution so I'm not a general
fan of anti harassment training I don't
think that her Astor's stopped harassing
because because of this harasser stopped
harassing when they feel there are
consequences Mark Levin has suggested
that speaker Ryan and the Senate and
senator Mitch McConnell should step down
from their positions if they've been
covering up sexual harassment I think
that's a little bit much I but what I do
think that they should be coming forward
with names and naming and shaming sexual
harassers if the allegations are
credible seems to me the best way of
going about alleviating this particular
problem rather than paying out my money
and yours from our wallets so that some
sexually predatorial congressperson can
get his rock
it's not just in Congress this is one of
the worst kept secrets in Congress by
the way is is the the amount of drunken
luxury that happens in Congress is
really quite astonishing it's been true
for pretty much centuries at this point
also the the fallout in Hollywood
continues a more sexual harassment in
Hollywood so John Stewart comes out he
says I was just stunned stunned to learn
about the revelations about louis c.k
here's the estimable Jon Leibowitz
stunned I think you know you give your
friends a benefit of the doubt I tried
to think of it in terms of you know I've
had friends who have compulsions and who
have done things gambling or drinking or
drugs and we've lost some of them some
of them have died and you always find
yourself back to a moment of did I miss
something could I have done more are the
thing and in this situation I think we
all could have we all could have is a
way of saying I couldn't have you could
have the answer is yes Jon Stewart you
probably could have considered that
you're asked the specific question in
2016 and tried away from answering it
meanwhile there are certain harassers in
Hollywood who are continuing to get away
with it George Takei as you recall he
made a statement on Howard Stern's show
in which he openly admitted to grabbing
men by their penises men who were
skittish to encourage them in their in
their proclivities and here was here was
his original audio I want to play that
then I want to show you what he said in
his statement and people are letting him
off the hook for this did you ever grab
anyone by the against their will you
never sexually harassed an a boner have
you it's some people that are kind of
skittish right or may be afraid and
you're trying to persuade that but you
know do we need to call the police the
answer is yes you need to call the
police here was George Takei's statement
that came out on Monday quote many have
raised concern over a back and forth
between Howard Stern and myself where we
joked about me touching men during my
Star Trek days 50 years ago well first
of all it didn't sound like that was
your Star Trek
it sounds like it's a pretty consistent
question out of context I agree that the
joke was distasteful I'm very sorry he
and I made fun out of a serious matter
for decades I have played the part of a
nadie grandpa when I visit Howard's show
a caricature I now regret but I want to
be clear I've never forced myself upon
someone during a date sometimes my dates
were the initiators sometimes I was it
was always by mutual consent I see now
that it has come across poorly in the
awkward sketch that is not a sketch okay
you heard the audio yourself but George
Takei will get away with it
he he like he like Kevin Spacey is
choosing to live as a gay man I guess
and so will get away with it meanwhile
there's a story from The Huffington Post
that sexual harassment was tolerated on
a routine basis over at Huffington Post
this is from Gizmodo what they say is
Arianna Huffington's history with a
former managing editor who's transferred
to launch HuffPost India was later
revealed to be the result of an HR
investigation into whether he had
sexually harassed multiple young women
in the New York office shows that
Huffington wasn't overly concerned with
sexual harassment in the office his moto
recently revisited those allegations and
not only independently confirmed that
the investigation was indeed the reason
for that Managing Editors transfer but
that huffington knew about his actions
before they were reported to HR
according to a former employee Aaron
Krantz the woman who wrote this piece
called Melanie Aaron Krantz she says by
turning a blind eye she bore ultimate
responsibility for any issues that arose
under her leadership according to the
report Huffington sure the elevation of
the guy named Jimmy Soni who was then
managing editor of the website and it
was common knowledge around the newsroom
and and huffington knew about it that he
was sexually harassing the help vice
there's a there's a story about Vice
today being hit with serious allegations
of sexual harassment so this is to say
sexual harassment apparently is out of
control and the question is why are we
just noticing this announced there are
two theories as to why we are just
noticing this now theory number one is
the david frum theory this is the
optimistic theory of human nature which
is everyone's been sexually harassing
for decades and only now do we care
because we're better than they were a
decade ago right we didn't care about
Bill Clinton a decade ago we care about
Bill Clinton at speak us we're better
now and then there's Theory number two
theory number two is that bad men have
always sexually harassed women but the
people only care about it now
particularly on the left because they're
trying to get Donald Trump and Roy Moore
I think that this is the correct theory
I don't think the left really cares very
much about sexual harassment I think the
left has been
bring up their their lack of care about
sexual harassment for years they use a
changing sexual standard to basically
allow them to let people off the hook
they want to let off the hook and to put
on the hook people they want to put on
the hook so right now they want to put
the Roy Moore and Donald Trump on the
hook and therefore they're gonna pretend
to take sexually harassed sexual
harassment super seriously when it's
Anthony Weiner or Bill Clinton then it's
a completely different story
the reason that I say this is because
there's a piece in voxcom from an
execrable columnist named Matt Iglesias
he wrote about a two thousand word essay
about why Bill Clinton should have
resigned from office in 1998 now I
checked my calendar this morning it
turns out it's not 1998 it's 2017 so
he's 19 years late to the party
Glacia admits that at the time he wanted
Clinton to stay he said he was glad to
see Clinton prevail and regarded the
whole sordid manner as primarily the
fault of congressional Republicans
excessive scandal mongering but he
admits I think we got it wrong
what we should have talked about was men
abusing their social and economic power
over younger and less powerful limits it
doesn't talk about one Nina Broderick he
hasn't talked about Kathleen Willey he
talks specifically about Monica Lewinsky
and here's what he says quote excuse me
it was far from the most egregious case
of workplace sexual misconduct in
American history but it was unusually
high-profile the facts were not in
dispute the perpetrator had a lot of
nominal feminist ideological commitments
and political leaders who shared those
commitments had the power to force him
from office had he resigned in shame we
all might have made a collective
cultural and political decision that a
person called leveraging power over
women in inappropriate ways ought to be
fired instead we lost nearly two decades
yes yes we did so where are you on Bob
Menendez Matt well it turns out that he
doesn't want bob menendez to step down
and if you had this choice now he really
wouldn't want Clinton to step down
anyway he says the reason that Clinton
should have stepped down is because he
abused power relationships this is my
favorite part of his little article he
says Republicans shouldn't have bothered
going after Bill Clinton for perjury
instead they should have used the
feminist line the Monica Lewinsky was
cudgelled into her affair they should
have said that Clinton seduction of
Lewinsky was quote morally bankrupt in
contributing in a meaningful way to
serious social problem that
disadvantages millions of women
throughout their lives that wouldn't
have worked of course I was there in
1998 I recall that at the time the left
was suggesting the Monica Lewinsky was a
 who was
positioning bill not a victimize
innocent pressured by the most powerful
man on earth if the right had suggested
that she was an innocent proposition by
the most powerful man on earth and this
was sexual harassment the left would
then accuse the right of depriving
Monica Lewinsky of her agency and being
sexist there's a beautiful thing about
being part of the left you can always
find an excuse to attack the people you
want to attack and the proof is in the
pudding because Iglesias says the real
reason that Clinton should have been
dumped in 1998 is cuz the Al Gore was
vice president and nothing would have
changed he says and he says now it's
worthwhile dumping bill over but it
wouldn't been worthwhile last year he
says now that Hillary is out of
electoral politics and has emerged as a
bigger draw and more important political
force than her husband there's no excuse
for Democrats not to look back on these
events with more objectivity you wonder
what you wonder why so many Republicans
are backing Roy Moore it's because
they're using precisely the the mirror
negative of this the the Polaroid
negative of this particular argument
right Matt Iglesias is basically saying
the Bob Menendez shouldn't step down
because the current governor is Chris
Christie if he waits a few months and he
steps down then the governor will be
will be a Democrat and then everything
will be great he says that Bill Clinton
should have stepped down because Al Gore
was the vice president so in other words
he doesn't really care about sexual
harassment or at least he cares about
sexual harassment up to the point it
means political sacrifice then he shied
away and then he wonders why people in
Alabama are backing Roy Moore why there
are so many Republicans who are willing
to back Roy Moore even thinking that
these allegations are correct or at
least or at least credible so I want to
talk a little bit more about this but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriots apply so if
you're trying to get prepared for an
emergency and you're looking around your
house and figuring okay there could be a
natural disaster or god forbid a
terrorist attack you know a crime wave
whatever it is that requires you to stay
inside for a period of a couple of days
without going to the grocery store well
that's what my Patriot supply is for
okay there's a reason that FEMA
recommends three days of emergency
supplies and you may need more than that
and that's why you should get your 102
servings survival food kit for only $99
it includes breakfast lunches and
dinners it is shipped to your home for
free again it's 102 servings that means
that if you have a four members of your
family then you're going to be getting
you know twenty five meals per person
basically it's one hundred and two
servings order a kit for yourself right
now call eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen go online to
prepare with Ben
the emergency flute lasts up to 25 years
in storage my Patriot supply the people
that you can trust folks around the
office who have tasted their food they
say it tastes like home cooking and
again you buy it once stick it in the
closet forget about it and then one day
you need it you were prepared the guy
next door wasn't that's why you need to
go to 888 803 1413 give them a call or
prepare with been calm again eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen or
prepare with been calm okay so with this
as background the fact that sexual
harassment is is now obviously
commonplace all over the place and the
fact that media are paying attention for
political motivations we have to ask
ourself a question okay we as
conservatives have to ask ourself a
question should it matter should it
matter now we've been asking this
question for last several days I've
suggested that it absolutely should
matter whether Roy Moore was molesting
fourteen or sixteen year olds or whether
that are crowded credible allegations
that he is doing so but there are a lot
of people who are saying listen the left
is politically motivated if this were
leftist they wouldn't be doing the same
thing The Washington Post might not have
even reported this story if it were
about doug jones as opposed to Roy Moore
so why should we deprive ourselves of a
Senate seat in order to show the world
what gentlemen we are which is a fine
and solid question there they're
basically three ways that this can go
from here okay and two of those ways
don't involve depriving yourself of the
Senate seat way number one is is the
worst that is more stays on the ballot
and splits votes and doug jones ends up
in the senate that is that is
politically speaking for the republicans
the worst because then they have 51
votes in the senate it's very difficult
for them to pass legislation with 52 let
alone 51 it means that Lisa Murkowski
and John McCain or Susan Collins and
John McCain two senators can basically
stymie the rest of the Republican agenda
for the next couple of years at the very
least that's a possibility and so people
are shying away from that possibility so
that leaves two other possibilities one
is a write-in campaign the problem with
the write-in campaign is that Moore says
he's not going he's now Jennifer
Holliday in in in Dreamgirls right he's
telling you he's not going he's just not
going to he's gonna cling on there with
his fingernails he will not leave he's
repeating this and he's looking at the
polls and saying why should I leave I'm
raising more money than I ever had he
brings like 250,000 dollars yesterday
which is sort of a sad commentary on the
nature of our reactionary politics the
Roy Moore is Ray
way more money in the aftermath of child
sex allegations than he was before that
