please help me welcome mr. Ben Shapiro
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm glad to see that you made the trek
all the way out to the cow campus that's
exciting I said I did see the other
livestock on the way here I also want to
thank the police officers who are
protecting this event apparently there
are a hundred police officers that were
necessary to protect you guys and to
protect me so that I can say basically
conservative things and all of this
because of the overkill that is
necessary on the university level thanks
to the idiocy of so many of the leftist
protesters who threaten violence and
threaten trouble I will say that some of
the protesters outside good for them I
mean it does take some at least they're
putting their their money where their
mouth is this cold outside so good for
them for at least for at least going out
there I think it's not that cold out
here right for you guys so just just for
me I'm from California whatever okay so
I'm I'm a wimp all right so I am glad
that they're not in proximity to
actually shut down the rail lines which
was supposedly the reason why we were
all forced to come all the way out here
now the statement from the university
president on why we are all out here as
opposed to on the main campus is just
absurd his statement suggested quote the
university hosts a wide variety of
events welcoming tens of thousands of
people to campus each and every day and
yet magically they somehow couldn't fit
got a thousand of us on the main campus
they had to shuttle us all the way over
here since we strive to meet the unique
needs for each and every event and the
events scheduled for later this month is
no different when working to accommodate
a venue request our top priority is and
will always be the safety and security
of our university community and with
that in mind the university works with
organizers to determine a location that
meets everyone's needs to the best of
our ability well it didn't really meet
the needs of the several hundred people
who are on the wait list who wish they
could come but they could not because
the venue is simply too small they said
this has nothing to do with ideological
discrimination which comes surprise
considering the number of mainstream
leftist speakers who have come to this
campus few of whom have actually been
sent all the way out here now I also
appreciate that the University of
Minnesota greenlit an event protesting
white supremacy in the age of Trump on
the main campus and anti-racist teachin
which is super exciting I guess this is
done in opposition to this event it's
really exciting since I'm not alike
supremacist you may notice from the
Jewish headgear that I constantly wear
was actually the top target of
anti-semitism on the internet in 2016
among among journalists and I didn't
vote for Trump so well done guys he
really hit you were spot on on that
entire description white supremacy in
the age of Trump every single word
except for in the and of is wrong okay
so tonight you know before I go any
further I do have one further note on
University of Minnesota apparently you
guys are supposed to have some sort of
BDS vote in the next few days for those
who don't know boycott divestment
sanctions which is a program to get the
university to divest from all companies
that do business with the State of
Israel that's an anti-semite oh that's
an anti-semitic program that program is
designed to strike at the heart of the
State of Israel the Jewish state the
only reason anybody's even considering
it is because it is the Jewish state I
am not aware of any movement on the
campus here for divestment from Iran for
a vestment from Afghanistan for
divestment from Indonesia from an
investment from Saudi Arabia from
foreign investment from Jordan from
divestment from Egypt I'm not aware of
any of those all places with egregious
human rights records but Israel is a
different story because of course it's
filled with Jews
so before anyone both for BDS they
should just understand exactly what it
is that they are doing they are
full-scale endorsing anti-semitism on a
grand scale all right so now let's get
to the main topic so today's topic is
capitalism in the First Amendment and
unfortunately capitalism has gotten a
really bad rap particularly among people
of our generation I'm barely still of
your generation right so I'm gonna hold
on to that that signifier as long as I
possibly can to many young Americans
don't know anything about capitalism
they don't know why it's good they think
socialism is good there's a Harvard
Institute of Politics poll in spring
2016 and it found that Bernie Sanders
that loon bag was the only major
candidate with a net positive rating
among 18 to 29 year olds 54% pav√©d
viewed him favorably compared with just
31% who viewed him unfavorably and now
they're making the argument we should
lower the voting age to 16 I can't see
how that goes wrong the same poll showed
that only 42% of young Americans
supported capitalism 33% said they
supported socialism as in full-scale
socialism like one in three young
Americans supports full-scale socialism
fully 50% of all democratic voters said
they favored socialism over capitalism
one in two that's probably because young
people are too young too
member when socialist nations like the
USSR actually threaten nuclear
destruction when they murdered tens of
millions of people I mean there still
are some Soviet there's still some
Soviet style dictatorships right the
Communist Chinese are still imprisoning
millions and billions of people under
repressive harsh rule North Korea
obviously is still a communist paradise
where people are shipped off to gulag
but the idea of socialism has become
very popular among young people and the
reason that it's become popular among
young people is because they've been
told that it is moral not that it works
not that it's great but that it's moral
it's fair and we all like things that
are fair I've we're in a room and
somebody has more money and somebody has
lost money wouldn't it be more fair if
we just pulled the money and then we
split it up evenly among the
participants you know just like the
cookies in kindergarten
except of course that's not the way the
world works and that's not actually
moral because in a free country wealth
and the capacity to gain it is largely
contingent on the decisions that you
make it doesn't just fall upon you most
wealth in the United States is not
inherited most well from the United
States is created over the course of
lifetimes by people who engage in
economic activity and commerce
capitalism is good because capitalism is
freedom
socialism is bad because socialism is
tyranny not it's an aspect of tyranny
socialism itself is tyranny the
statement of socialism is that your
labor is owed to the society the notion
of socialism is that you do not own your
own freedom you do not own your own time
you do not own your own labor you do not
own your own work using not on the
products of your own work the basic
notion of capitalism is you own all of
those things and now you have to engage
in free exchange with someone else who
does not owe you anything if you want to
thrive if you want to succeed you are
going to have to make something somebody
else wants people think capitalism is
selfishness
now socialism is selfishness the notion
that I have to somehow supply you the
money so you can sit in your basement
and paint with watercolors socialism the
idea that I'm supposed to fulfill all
your dreams by paying you for something
I don't want and have no need for but
capitalism is precisely the opposite we
all do stuff in our daily jobs that we
don't like why because there's a group
for it who want to consume it how many
people love their daily job every day
I'm lucky I get to go to a job that I
really enjoy every day but a lot of
people don't and you know why they do it
they do it because they understand that
in a free society they are going to have
to produce something
that is not entertaining and interesting
only to them if my podcast had one
listener I would have to quit podcasting
and if your if whatever business you go
into has no customers your business will
go out of business as I'm fond of saying
capitalism is forced altruism it forces
you to do something that somebody else
wants if you want to live
socialism is forest altruism in a
different way it's forcing your altruism
to me right capitalism is about I have
to be forced to do something good for
you in order for me to live and
socialism is about the idea that I have
to be forced to do something for you so
that you can live that's not the same
thing at all
capitalism also happens to be the most
efficient system for the distribution of
wealth from the history of mankind it is
the greatest capital it is the greatest
engine for growth in the history of
mankind it is the single greatest force
for the empowerment of individual human
beings in the history of mankind so why
is it unpopular after all this is said
it's unpopular because it's very easy to
demagogue capitalism any policy that has
diffused costs and concentrated benefits
is a popular policy by Nature any policy
that is diffused costs and concentrated
benefits is going to be popular so
subsidies for example to farmers in Iowa
those are popular because farmers in
Iowa get a big chunk of cash and you
only lost one cents off your paycheck so
you didn't even see it you can even
notice it well socialism is sort of the
same idea if you don't notice the money
coming off your paycheck then you're not
going to notice that that one person is
getting a bunch of money so that person
benefits and that person feels good
about the benefits they just received
but you don't even notice the money
coming off except that in a socialist
system you have to take so much money
off the top that everybody notices of
course now socialism in and of itself as
I say is tyrannical it is evil socialism
violates at least three of the Ten
Commandments and it puts government
before God it says that theft is fine
theft is no longer a problem so long as
you and your friends vote for it and of
course petty jealousy is something that
is necessary it's good to be jealous
workers of the world must unite not
because they're necessarily being
grinded down by the Bootheel of
capitalism but simply because they are
jealous of the achievements of others so
much of America's discussion right now
but income inequality is not about the
suffering poor so much of it is about
the so-called thriving rich the 1% at
the top is about tearing down the people
who succeed not about empowering the
people who are failing if we were really
talking about helping
who are we be talking about helping the
poor not income inequality income
inequality itself does nothing that
discussion does nothing to help the poor
what we have to talk about is ways that
we can help people who are poor rise out
of current circumstance through better
decision-making and better opportunity
how about socialism in Europe you know
well well people so people have who are
defenders of socialism and said okay
well you know you guys always mention
Cuba you always mention North Korea you
always mentioned the USSR you always
mention China but well they say China is
growing
China's growing because they loosened up
their economy and now it's basically
state capitalism but then they say well
what about the socialistic countries of
Europe so this is Bernie Sanders is play
and what about Denmark what about
Switzerland what about Sweden those are
not socialist countries
those are capitalist countries with a
high taxes system okay that's not the
same thing a socialist country his
government owns the means of production
it is about heavy regulation of all
parts of the economy Denmark is actually
a better climate to do business than the
United States is according to the
Heritage Foundation significantly better
there's a lot of foreign investment in
Denmark
what makes Denmark a so-called socialist
countries the fact that it has 60
percent tax rates that's also the reason
their economy stagnated so much that he
just had to radically cut their tax
rates the same thing is true in Sweden
Sweden gained riches only after
embracing capitalism in the mid 19th
century from set in 1975 to 1993 when
they put in place all of these social
programs with high levels of spending
and high levels of Taxation the country
dropped from fourth in the world wealth
linkit ranking to fourteenth Swedish
scholar Nima sand onji called the
country's embrace of redistribution ISM
a colossal failure which is why they had
to liberalize their markets again ok
again back to income inequality for a
second what about this idea that
socialism Pure's the evils of income
inequality first of all every country on
earth has some level of income
inequality in fact some of the places
with the least income inequality are
also some of the poorest places on earth
there are places where everybody is
destitute if you go over to certain
countries in Africa or Asia everyone is
poor and there's no income inequality
does that mean that these are great
places to live no means these are
horrible places to live because nobody
has any wealth America has high levels
of income inequality but our poor are
richer than everybody else is poor which
is the thing that matters in the United
States even the poor people are rich by
global standards according to Pew
Research quote almost nine and ten
Americans had a standard of living that
was above the global
income standard and by the way the
notion that the upper-middle club that
the middle class has been just taking it
on the chin in the past few decades in
the United States this is not true the
upper middle class has been picking up
all the people who used to be in the
middle class it's not that the middle
class devolved into poverty it's at the
middle class split and most of the
middle class became upper middle class
the upper middle class was just twelve
percent of Americans in 1979 as of 2014
thirty percent of Americans were now
upper middle class and it's also worth
noting that all of our schemes to end
income inequality have been an enormous
fail we've spent 22 trillion dollars in
the war on poverty to no avail we spend
$30,000 per year on poor non-elderly
families and that's paid for by the rich
for all let's talk about income
inequality and the rich not paying their
fair share the rich are paying pretty
much everything statistically speaking
people who are high earners in this
country are paying virtually all net
cost that the federal government incurs
according to the CBO report on
distribution of taxes in 2013 the top 1%
of households paid thirty four percent
of their income to federal taxes the
middle 20% paid just 13 percent
according to the American Enterprise
Institute the highest income quintile is
financing ninety-six percent of the
entire system of transfer payments to
the bottom sixty percent and funding the
functioning of the federal government as
well we actually have the most
progressive tax system among all osed 24
countries for I'll talk about how all
the rich people are getting rich in the
United States and the poor people are
getting poorer we have the most
progressive tax system in all of the
Ocoee CD an income mobility has not
declined this is another myth that's
pushed out there that if you're poor you
can never become rich in the United
States this is not true at all when
people talk about the people in the 1%
getting richer they forget you will be
in the 1% one day and you may not be in
the 1% one day I've been not in the 1%
I've been in the 1% I assume at some
point in the future I won't be in the 1%
by income earning anymore if people move
in and out of percentiles of income it's
not the same person it's not that you
were born into the 1% and then you
stayed in the 1% your entire life just
getting more wealthy in fact
statistically speaking if you were in
the 1% there's a pretty good shot that
you're gonna regress to the mean for
those who are in the top 1% in 1996 and
we're not talking about than 1% bracket
we're talking bout the actual people in
the 1% in 1996 by 2005 their income had
decreased on average by 26% and
income ability works the other way too
according to Thomas solo a University of
Michigan study showed most of the
working people who were in the bottom
20% of income earners in 1975 were also
in the top 40% at some point by 1994 and
by 1991 only 5% of those in the bottom
quintile in 1975 were still there in
1991 29% of them were now in the top
quintile that makes a lot of sense right
now there are a lot of people in this
room who are in the bottom or middle
income quintile because you're in
college you're not making money in ten
years you will be making money
presumably and when that happens you
will have moved up in the world as you
age you gain more wealth this is why
your grandmother owns a house but you
presumably do not yet okay this will
happen to all of you so don't pay
attention to the fall statistics that
are being put out there about how in
America it's impossible to get ahead
that's just not true also worth noting
all the talk about the United States
sucking up all the wealth of the world
it is because of a capitalist global
system that has become more and more
prominent free markets that have become
more and more prominent that literally
half the world has been lifted out of
abject poverty since 1980 that's because
of the force and power of the US free
market economy that has been driving all
of that growth the countries by the way
that are poor in in the world those
countries are not the ones that are that
are being hurt by free trade they're the
ones that aren't even participating in
free trade two-thirds of the global poor
on planet Earth
live in just five countries India China
Nigeria Bangladesh and Congo according
to the Heritage Foundation index of
economic freedom every single one of
those countries ranks 128 or below in
terms of free markets this is not a
coincidence freer markets means more
wealth freer markets mean more growth
okay now onto the second issue we're
going to talk about and that of course
is free speech and this one obviously
has become a more pressing concern
than even the capitalism conversation
simply because of all the hubbub
surrounding events like this one we've
been told that we have to hold events
like this one and places far away from
main campuses because we might make
someone feel uncomfortable and if those
people feel uncomfortable then they get
to exercise the hecklers veto and we
have to move the entire event away from
fora that hosts 1,500 people and into
