we teach that the story of America the
story of the West it's a story of
tyranny and oppression when in reality
the story of the West is this amazing
story of overcoming those things over
here with jonah goldberg and i can't
wait to jump into our conversation with
joan about his brand new book the
suicide of the West which is a fantastic
read and everybody should buy but first
I'm gonna sell you something else so
we're never gonna agree on everything
but I think we can all agree that we can
use more sleep and getting a great
night's sleep is easier and more
affordable than you think you don't need
a new expensive mattress sleeping pills
you just need to change your sheets
which is why I should check out bull and
branch everything bull and branch makes
the bedding the blankets all made from
pure 100% organic cotton which means
starts out supersoft gets even softer
over time you buy directly from them so
you're essentially paying wholesale
prices luxury sheets can cost up to a
thousand bucks in the store but bull and
branch sheets those are only a couple of
hundred bucks everybody who tries Boleyn
branch sheets loves them that's why they
have thousands of five-star reviews it's
why we in the Shapiro household use bull
and branch sheets we got rid of all of
our other sheets there are that good and
Forbes Wall Street Journal Fast Company
everybody's talking about bull and
branch even three u.s. presidents
they'll remain unnamed but they may
include a president who cheated on his
wife a lot sleep on bull and branch
sheets shipping is free and you can try
them for 30 nights if you don't love
them send them back for a refund but I
doubt that you'll want to send them back
there's no risk there's no reason not to
give them a try to get you started right
now my listeners get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets at Poland branch
comm promo code Ben gasps because we
have a guest go to Beau and branch calm
today for 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets
that's bol el and branch comm promo code
Ben guest again Boleyn branch comm promo
code then guest okay so welcome to the
show obviously you are a second
important sort advertisers but we're
still first in our hearts I understand
that I was great listening to you at one
and a half speed it was really crappy so
that's it so let's jump into let start
with you Brooke then we'll get her like
the everyday politics senator Trump and
all of that which is I'm sure the rank
punditry that everyone will enjoy but I
want to start with by talking about your
best-selling book obviously you're
you've been on The Times bestseller here
for a while and the the book itself is
an exploration into enlightenment ideals
why we got here and why we are falling
off so let's start with the easy
question why are we falling off this is
the one that seems to be the most
puzzling to
it's like you talk in the book about we
are falling off we're falling back into
tribalism that the enlightenment is a
miracle that happens you call it the
miracle in the book but why do you think
people are disowning it why aren't we
appreciating the stuff around us right
so one caveat I like the Enlightenment
you know what has two thumbs and lexing
light went this guy right but I don't do
what Steven Pinker does and just say the
Enlightenment was this one thing I sort
of taking a page from Mike Meyers and so
I married an axe murderer when it comes
to enlightenment if it's not Scottish
it's crap okay so the French enlightened
is not my bag we there's some good guys
in the French enlightenment but it's not
my back I think one of the reasons why
we're falling off is essentially we
teach in gratitude right so I close the
book with this big call for gratitude
because this miracle which is sort of
Liberal Democratic capitalism the rule
of law it's not just sort of the
Enlightenment or the free-market at all
it's what you know what Cooper Gooding
jr. would call in in Jerry Maguire at
the kuan right it's the whole package
right rather than be grateful for this
unbelievable miracle that pulled us out
of the muck of human history you know
for 250,000 300,000 years man's natural
environment was grinding poverty
punctuated by an early death either from
some boughs doing disease or violence
right and then once and only once
because there's some weird crap that
happens in England we start coming out
of it and to me that's like the goose
that lays the golden egg right it's a
mystery we still don't really know why
it happened there are lots of good
theories when I guess we're gonna argue
about some of them but at the end of the
day there's no consensus on why it
happened and to me I think that's a
useful thing because as as Hayek or
Schumpeter would say capitalism depends
on values it cannot create once lost and
cannot restore either so the the trick
is is to say to say here comes this
Golden Goose it comes into our lives it
lifts us out of poverty it extends our
lives and for the first time in human
history the average human being lives on
more than $3 a day you know if I had a
golden goose I'd build a fence around it
I give it good food I'd take care of it
what can I get you today mr. goose right
and instead we have a policy and a
cultural policy a suicidal policy from
all the commanding heights of the
culture to teach people to be ungrateful
right the opposite of gratitude is
entitlement and resent
and the store we teach that the story of
America the story of the West it's a
story of tyranny and oppression and
cruelty and bigotry when in reality the
story of the West is this amazing story
of overcoming those things every
civilization in all of human history
since the Agricultural Revolution had
slavery slavery is not what defines
Western civilization the fact that we
ended it is one of the things that
defines Western civilization so I want
to teach about things like slavery but I
want to teach them so we can tell people
the good story about how we got rid of
it not that we had it and and instead
what you get from the sort of Howard
Zinn crowd from the identity politics
crowd are these arguments that basically
say that it's not it used to be that our
party used me the argument was working
for criticals right that we're not
living up to our standards I'm totally
open to that right that's that was the
moral grandeur of Martin Luther King's
March on Washington speech was saying
you guys aren't living up to the best
story you tell about yourself or your
ideals right right no problem with those
kinds of indictments I mean I might
disagree on the specifics but as a
principle on the bar now the argument of
free speech on campus about all sorts of
once considered sort of ideals about
individuality about merit those ideals
themselves are now being taught as being
inherently suspect or oppressive or
cruel or bigoted and that is a suicidal
choice I think there are other things
about on capitalism capitalism doesn't
just simply destroy bad customs it also
is relentlessly corrosive to good ones
and so it takes work and upkeep to
maintain the family to maintain
institutions to maintain religious
organizations and religious commitments
because the relentless rationalism of
the marketplace unless it is is sort of
tempered and held at bay by other
cultural norms can have negative
consequences as well so that so that's
what is happening but why why was it
that from the 1950s and on basically
especially the United States has decided
that all of these old things need to be
put away and capitalism needs to be
assaulted where is that coming from so
there are theories about the Frankfurt
School they're theories about the
decline of religion America if you had
to kind of create a description for what
was the mindset that led to this
rejection of the golden goose right
where where did that come from because
the truth is that your book really
should be called the
of the West not the suicide of the West
the best majority of it is about how we
got out of the muck in the first place
that's true it's really only the very
end you start talking about you know the
end gratitude but I guess I'm asking a
different question which is where is the
ingratitude springing from okay so I'm
not happen I would make the argument
which is controversial in some places
that so I've sort of had a reawakening
or rethinking about my understanding and
my view towards ideology generally I
still love intellectual history I still
think I really like arguing about these
subtle distinctions but at the end of
the day I've come to believe that
basically almost all forms of
collectivism socialism you know the cult
of unity moral equivalent of war or
whatever whatever labels fascism want to
put on these things these are basically
different trade names for the same
impulse which is this sort of tribal
desire to get all your meaning from
their group they're super showy in
general will and and so since I bring up
or so I'll say I think that whether it's
the Frankfurt School or or some other
sort of left-wing identity politics I
think the the the original cause of our
problems stem from essentially
romanticism romanticism is this subject
that no one wants to revisit because
we've we have bad memories of reading
poets we didn't understand or something
like that or not understanding paintings
whatever that's fine
my understanding of romanticism is that
basically it is the argument that your
own personal feelings your emotions
remember emotions and feelings are just
synonyms for your instincts basically
right for your gut that these are the
highest sources of truth these are the
highest sources of authenticity and
because part of my argument is that
capitalism and democracy and the market
are fundamentally unnatural phenomenon
this is that romanticism is really just
your inner primitive screaming in your
ear saying the world shouldn't be like
this and it takes on different forms in
different places like Sanders is wise
presumably it sometimes it's Bernie
Sanders I mean it takes on it takes on
all sorts of fascinating different
voices is but it is this whispering
thing that says the inner lamp of your
own feelings is what should illuminate
the world and we hear so much of the
stuff about you know you know from it's
all over pop culture I mean animism
informs rock'n'roll in the form Star
Wars movies and forms all these kinds of
things are you trust your feelings Luke
right it's all this kind of stuff
where any notions of external Authority
traditional Authority are suspect and
that is a story that begins basically
with the second the Enlightenment and
peer is basically there is this counter
reaction to it called romanticism and
these two have been at war for all time
they've been at war it is an inherent
tension within Western civilization
within the Enlightenment based
democracies that is this conflict
between self discipline and self
expression you can put a thousand
different labels on it and I think a lot
of our problems stem from the fact that
in this you know this eternal battle
between Locke and Rousseau Rousseau has
been winning for a long time everybody
who controls the commanding heights of
the culture from academia to Hollywood
to music is basically one extent or
another in on team Rousseau rather than
team walked so when it comes to that
conflict in Locke and Rousseau there's a
third character just historically
speaking who is very informative that
was Voltaire sort of halfway between the
two of them and one of the the critiques
that I have of the sort of binary
distinction between Locke and Rousseau
is that the French Revolution was to
paint this as a mere division between
French Revolution politics and and
British enlightenment misses the fact
that the French Revolution considered
itself also based on reason so it wasn't
a pure expression of Romanticism alone
Voltaire considered himself the the king
of reason as I'm sure there was a cult
of reason in revolutionary France is one
of my big problems with Steven Pinker's
book is that he goes 450 pages talking
about the Enlightenment and never
mentions the French Revolution or any of
the philosophy basically he does this
thing where if it's an Enlightenment
philosopher that he doesn't like it
becomes a counter enlightenment
philosophy and I guess the question I'm
asking is are you doing some of that
with romanticism are we are we saying
everyone I don't like is like Rousseau
in this romantic category or is there
some crossover there because the truth
is that Marx has one foot in rationality
and one foot and romanticism and it
seems like there's a little bit more of
blurring of lines then yeah so that's a
great question I'm trying to finally get
a substantive question on this it's
three weeks on the book tour so I am I
actually came out of working on this
book liking Rousseau a lot more it was a
horrible human being right I mean just
horrible human being
but
much more interesting much more
thoughtful than I had sort of give him
credit even though I'd read a bunch of
Rousseau before part again part of my
Armand is again I don't think
intellectual history works I use Locke
and Rousseau as symbols or stand-ins for
two impulses right these impulses where
impulses run straight through the human
heart we're all a little Lockean we all
want to be recognized as individuals and
make our own unique contributions to the
world that were special that if we were
gone the world would miss us right
that's a very lucky and kind of thing
but we also want to be part of a group
we want to get derive some of our
meaning from being part of a cause
that's larger than ourselves we want to
derive some meaning for our
contributions to a some collective
endeavor neither of those things are
evil right and so part of my argument is
that there that human nature is not
inherently evil or good human nature is
human nature is the one eternal constant
what is what is good or bad are the
institutions and morals and customs that
we create that Channel human nature
towards productive ends so there's
something very Rousseau about being a
believing you know Orthodox Jew is part
of a larger community no criticism of
that whatsoever what I have a problem
with is when you take that sort of
Rousseau nyun religious spirit that
affiliation 'el spirit and you try to
get out of politics what you would is
only rightly reserved from religion
right and said that would bring me to my
my point about the French
revolutionaries I agree with you that
they they believed that they were
invoking reason but I think that the
second you start talking about the cult
of reason and you declare the the
Cathedral of Notre Dom will now be the
temple of Reason and we're gonna start
over at year zero there's something else
going on and so with the the the and
remember all these guys were deeply
influenced by Rousseau I mean they think
they disinterred him and they marched
his body through and ribéry that's right
I mean they basically I mean they
treated him the way the Iranians treated
the body of the Ayatollah Khomeini and
they really were nuts about him and and
so one of the key differences I would
argue between the sort of Scottish
British Enlightenment and the French
enlightenment is that the the French
enlightenment sought to make Reason a a
replacement for religion and Robespierre
and these guys were very honest about
how they were trying to cultivate the
religious
they're also very intense nationalists
and they wanted to create this sort of
the idea that the French were the new
Jews the new chosen nation and all that
and and so I think part of the problem
and this is something that I think it's
fascinating is that Rousseau picked up
on this better than almost anybody else
he recognized that the French feel Asaf
we're behaving like the priests of the
Catholic Church had in the ansan regime
they were committing the sin of what an
English philosopher Harrington calls
priests Rast
sort of like the ancient Greek priests
who claimed to have special knowledge
about the innards of birds and could
tell you where they are you want to win
a war or whatever right they were using
their guild like power over the minds of
men to manipulate people for their own
benefit and that's what we're so thought
the feel of soft sand in the champions
of reason we're doing what the other
thing that the Jacobins and those guys
believed in which is the borrow a phrase
from social science bat guano crazy
they believed in the perfectibility of
man and that is the big difference I
think between the English between the
two Enlightenment's right and I talked
about this a little bit in the book one
of the great sort of illustrations sort
of like this Locke versus Rousseau thing
between the two different cultures is
and you've olive in gets a lot of this
in his book on Thomas Paine and Burke
the the French gardens of Versailles
right the typical Enlightenment French
gardens are always crazy corkscrew
carved you know bushes where linear
angles that can't be found in nature and
all those kind of stuff and the English
gut and the english conception of a
garden was just simply this zone of
freedom where the inhabitants of the
garden could either best sell right so
if you as you all likes to point out in
burke almost all the metaphors in the
language are about space giving people
space to pursue happiness as they see it
giving people space to fulfill
themselves all the language from pain
and or from the the french was towards
was was a direction we're heading
towards a promised land we're heading
towards a utopia and that's why i think
that i think there's that tension you
know and that tension comes up that
story comes up over and over again in
western civilization of those who
believe in the prefect
man because we believe in the
perfectibility of man you also believe
in the perfectibility of society because
you can't get one without the other and
those who sort of take like the founding
father is that human nature as a
constant and the best you can hope for
is a good society not a perfect society
and I can't remember how we got here
that's I think that'll do for now yeah
so I'm gonna ask you in just a second
about the role of religion in all of
this because I know some of the
criticism of your book including some
for me has been about going back further
than the Enlightenment and the roots of
that but before we get to that first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at Anu Chino
every dude looks better in a suit and
endo Chino is the world's largest
made-to-measure menswear company they've
been featured in major publications
including GQ Forbes Fast Company they
make suits and shirts made to your exact
measurements for a great fit dudes love
the wide selection of high quality
fabrics the options to personalize all
the details including your lapel lining
monogram so here's how it works
visit a showroom where you shop online
