all right well we have the full Alabama
Senate race breakdown Roy Moore loses in
a shocking upset ruby-red Alabama turns
blue for doug jones and will explain
just why and whom ought to be blamed i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
another shocking shocking election
result this time out of Alabama where
Roy Moore the front-runner the
Republican in a state that went 97% for
Jeff Sessions in the last Senate
election has now gone blue Doug Jones is
your new senator from Alabama he is a
hardcore Democrat whole caucus with
Chuck Schumer he's a pro-abortion
Democrat and that is not because Doug
Jones is a good candidate that he won
there are a lot of lessons to be learned
from what happened last night in Alabama
Republicans are gonna need to learn them
or they're gonna get their asses handed
to them in 2018 it really will be that
simple but before I get to any of that
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at zip recruiters so
you're looking for somebody to fill a
particular job need at your company and
you can go on a thousand message boards
and try and find somebody you can try
and put out a classified ad or you can
you zip recruiter and start getting
qualified people in your in basket
virtually right away with zip recruiter
you can post your job to over a hundred
of the web's leading job boards with
just one click then zip recruiter puts
it smart matching technology to work
actively notifying qualified candidates
about your job within minutes of posting
so you receive the best possible matches
that's why super croute is different
unlike other hiring side zip recruiter
does not depend on the right candidate
it's finding you and instead goes out
and finds that 80% of employers who post
on zip recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day it's
one of the reasons why we use zip
recruiter here at the daily wire you
must use zip recruiter if you want the
smartest way to hire again zip recruit
comm slash daily wear allows you to post
a zip recruiter for free you get to try
it out dudes if recruiter dot-com slash
daily wire again that zip recruiter
dot-com slash daily wire make sure that
you check it out if you're looking for a
great employee this is the best way to
do it zip recruiter comm slash daily
wire it is indeed the smartest way to
hire use that slash daily wire so they
know that we sent you as well okay so I
want to give you the full drama of
yesterday because it was a dramatic day
in politics it began with a bunch of
battery on the part of the Roy Moore
campaign so first Roy Moore arrives to
vote and he decides that it is necessary
to underscore that he is a true Alabama
man how do we know this because he
arrived on horseback to vote I mean not
like he wants to be stereotypical or
anything he shows up on horseback to
vote even Laura Ingraham who's been
backing more in this race so far as I
can tell I even Laura Ingraham said this
was not exactly the smartest
the funniest thing I saw was this video
of Roy Moore arriving to vote on
horseback and somebody cut under it the
music - Blazing Saddles so it doesn't
work I won't say that there's no real
passenger seat for the okay more
arriving for the vote okay and then it
got worse for remote here's the the
first lesson to be learned from what
happened in Alabama last night where Roy
more narrow narrowly narrowly lost to
Doug Jones I mean like lost by 20,000
votes out of a hundred out of 1.2
million votes cast something like that I
the first lesson we learned is there is
a line for voters there's a point where
voters just will not show up for you now
the line for what you'll vote for gets
raised by the impact of the election so
let's put this way this war if there's
been a dog catcher election no one shows
up to vote for Roy Moore it's Senate
election so 600,000 people show up to
vote for Roy Moore if it's a
presidential election then you can be
Donald Trump and you can win because the
stakes are so high at that point that
people are gonna show up regardless
because they feel like they must show up
out of necessity but for a Senate
election even for a presidential
election there's a line beyond which
Americans are not willing to go Roy
Moore across that line it really is that
simple he was an unpalatable candidate
from the beginning before there were any
of these allegations about the the
sexual molestation of underage women
before there were any of those
allegations that had even broken it was
known that Roy Moore was not a popular
candidate in the state of Alabama he'd
already lost I believe the Senate
primary to somebody he'd been tossed out
of the Supreme Court twice he had been
running a narrow race with with doug
jones before all of those revelations
broke and every two days he would say
something utterly insipid or there would
be a clip of him coming out from four or
five years ago and when she said
something utterly insipid yesterday his
spokespeople did not do him any favors
in their final pitch they were making
comments like this here is one of the
Roy Moore spokespeople asked whether he
thinks homosexuality should be illegal
see think look at homosexual conduct
should be illegal it's a it's a yes or
no question probably he probably thinks
homosexual conduct should be illegal and
what would the punishment be for a man
having sexual relations with another man
or a woman having sexual relations with
another woman
what should the punishment be it's just
a sin okay okay so again ladies i agree
by the way as a biblical jew I believe
that homosexual conduct is a sin I also
believe breaking Sabbath is a sin I
don't think the government should be
involved in enforcing either of those
things that was not the moment that
everybody was going nuts about yesterday
in the lead-up to this election here was
Roy Moore spokesperson who was talking
about Roy Morris position that Muslims
should not sit in Congress or be able to
hold elected office this was a stunning
piece of video I mean just like is if
this was the best that Alabama had to
offer on the Republican side it's no
wonder that Roy Moore is not sitting in
the Senate dodged more has also said
that he doesn't think a Muslim member of
Congress should be allowed to be in
Congress why under what under what
because you have to swear on the Bible
you and you you when you are before I
had to do it I'm an elected official
three terms I had to swear on a Bible
you have to swear on a Bible to be an
elected official in the United States of
America he alleges that a Muslim cannot
do that ethically swearing on the Bible
you don't actually have to swear on a
Christian Bible you can swear on
anything really I don't know if you knew
that you can swear on a Jewish Bible oh
no I'm sure I'm sure you've picked a
Bible but the law is not that you have
to swear on a Christian Bible that is
not the law you did you don't know that
all right Ted Crockett I don't know I
know that Donald Trump did it when he
when we made him present because he's
Christian and he picked it that's what
he wanted to that's we wanted to swear
out on Ted Crockett with the more
campaign good luck tonight thank you so
much for being here yeah that not not a
good look for your closing argument I
don't know why you'd have slim pickins
as your actual campaign spokesperson and
just seems like a mistake to me but this
is the first lesson is you can't just
run anyone and hope to win okay Roy
Moore was a crappy candidate the reason
we won more
last night was not because of write-in
votes it's because no one showed up to
vote for him he turnout on behalf of
Doug Jones in Alabama he won Doug Jones
won 94% of all the votes that Hillary
Clinton won in a presidential election
Doug Jones won last night in Alabama 49
percent of the votes Donald Trump won in
Alabama went to Roy Moore meaning that a
lot of Republicans stayed home because
they just didn't like Roy Moore they
didn't like what he represented they
didn't like all the allegations about
him and they were not wrong to do so
okay you present crappy candidates and
they're gonna lose it turns out that the
quality of your candidate still matters
and railing against the wind suggesting
that it's the it's the fault of people
who stayed home rather than the fault of
the candidate or the people who
supported that candidate is just
ridiculous and it's tiring to me this is
this is this backstabbing net legend
that you're getting that the dogs false
leg and the the nonsense that you get
from from Steve Bannon and company that
oh is just that Roy Moore was stabbed in
the back and that's why he lost maybe
Roy Moore lost because there were
credible allegations that he was
molesting underage women and trying to
date people at the food court maybe he
lost because he was really bad at this
maybe you lost because he couldn't win
an election for his to save his life on
a statewide level before this basically
the idea that this was all because there
are a bunch of people who are just out
to get Roy Moore isn't saying you think
I wanted to lose a seat in Alabama you
think anyone who's a Republican in
Alabama wanted to lose that seat to Doug
Jones are you kidding me it's not about
that it's about you got to present a
candidate that earns people's votes Roy
Moore didn't earn people's votes the
laws and political gravity still applied
that's a lesson number one lesson number
two don't follow Steve Bannon down the
primrose path like Steve Bannon knows
what the hell he's talking about I've
never seen someone botching election as
badly as Steve ban and over at Breitbart
news just botched this sucker and not
just bash this he's basically waving a
frying pan around all of us were saying
dude don't wave that frying pan around
you're gonna smack Trump in the face
then he smacked Trump in the face with
the frying pan then he goes well if you
were just more Pro Trump this never
would've happened say well maybe
shouldn't wave a frying pan around in
the form of Roy Moore you dunderhead Roy
Moore was being very heavily pushed by
banning in the last days Bannon was
going to Alabama and saying things like
Mitt Romney's family has less honor in
all of its DNA than Roy Moore has in his
little finger he was going to Alabama
and suggesting that elitists from the
outside see famines from New York and
for a Goldman Sachs and Harvard Business
School in LA and he's showing up in
Alabama wearing his homeless man coat
suggesting that he was the great avatar
of the people who's gonna speak now on
behalf of the Republicans against the
establishment and Roy Moore was on Steve
ban and yesterday his show on Breitbart
news that no one listens to it'll have
more listenership to his Breitbart news
radio show being played on mine than he
will actually having his own show here
is Roy Moore on bandhans show yesterday
before I let you go what was this
campaign about what his campaign was
about truth about right about what this
nation was founded upon what we must
return to to have the nation again
behold and I think it's it's we've got
to get away from this politics of my
party and go good put principle over
party yeah if there's somebody who puts
principle above everything I'm sure that
it's Roy Moore and I'm sure that if
someone puts principle of everything
it's about its it's certainly Steve
Bannon who's the greatest charlatan
political charlatan and con man and
leech I've ever seen in my life and the
media have turned Steve Bannon into some
sort of great avatar of the people some
some face of trumpism without Trump it
doesn't exist
President Trump takes D Bannon off your
cell phone it's a waste of your time to
call Steven and the man does not have a
channel to the people he's not
representative of your base your base
did not show up to vote for Roy Moore
Roy Moore didn't earn half of what you
earned in Alabama you mr. president
the idea that you're calling Steve
Bannon for advice on how to act about
Alabama it's ridiculous you have better
instincts than Steve Anand did you put
Luther stranger in the primary who would
have won this election by 80,000 points
okay in the general in the in the in the
second primary runoff
you backed he backed Luther strange as
well there Luther strange would won this
race walking away in the general
election once these allegations came out
your first move was to basically go
hands-off that was the right move Steve
Bannon somehow must have convinced you
to jump back in with both feet then get
the RNC to jump back in meaning these
smear yourself with mud you get it all
over yourself and all over in the RNC
and then you lose the Senate seat anyway
and this has real ramifications stop
pretending that Steve Bannon knows what
the hell he's talking about
Steve Bannon leeched on to Sarah Palin
then he leeched onto Andrew Breitbart
until Andrew died then he took over
Andrew Breitbart power position at
Breitbart used that to leech onto Donald
Trump and has now ridden that to this
perception of power that he does not
hold all the while writing checks with
his mouth mouths that are cached by the
murse that are that are paid for by the
Mercer family
Steve Bannon does not have the ear of
the American people he does not have the
ear of the base and Trump needs to get
away from this okay take him off your
cell phone all bandhans out there for
his Steve Ben and he does not care about
the Trump agenda if Steve Danon cared as
much about the Trump agenda as I care
about the Trump agenda then he wouldn't
been backing Roy more you had been
urging Roy Moore to get out of the race
as soon as these allegations hit human
urging Trump to urge Roy Moore to get
out of the race when these allegations
hit he would've been urging Trump to
tell Jeff Sessions to go back to Alabama
and run for office there he had been
moving to get Roy Moore out of a race
where one more was going to lose to a
Democrat instead Steve Bannon Warren's
glorify himself at the expense of the
quote unquote establishment and
establishment by the way in the form of
Mitch McConnell who has been moving
along with Trump's policy agenda this
entire time yeah I don't like Mitch
McConnell either I think Mitch McConnell
is a squish in many ways but I'll tell
you what it's not Mitch McConnell's
fault that Trump's agenda isn't passing
through Congress Mitch McConnell is
trying to pass Trump's agenda through
Congress he's doing a lot more for
Trump's agenda and Steve freakin Bannon
as leave Steve Bannon at the door this
idea that Steve Bannon is leading a new
Trump is movement is nonsense
he never was the leader of a movement
the Tea Party pre-existed Bannon and
pre-existed Trump Trump pre-existed
Bannon and Trump will outlive Bannon as
well this should be the death knell of
the idea that Steve Bannon is some sort
of political genius because he clearly
is not I mean every move that it is
possible to make wrong he made wrong
here they first he endorsed mo Brooks in
the primary that was alright you know I
was okay with that I also thought mo
Brooks what it was that was the proper
guy in the primaries but then he but he
said back Roy Moore / Luther strange and
the runoff and then after my more recent
allegations he encouraged more to stay
in the race and then he convinced the
president to put his own credibility on
the line on behalf of a guy who's
running a neck-and-neck race in 66
percent Republican Alabama just well
what what what a genius he is what a
genius and by the way drew helping to
drive up Democratic Democratic numbers
up the wazoo
I mean the numbers last night are really
scary for Republicans and I'm gonna
discuss that in just a second what the
fallout means for all this and a couple
of other lessons first I want to say
thank you to our sponsor is over at my
Patriots apply so here's the reality if
you want to protect your family you're
in a situation where you look they're
natural disasters huge wildfires in
California there there's situations from
abroad where the North Koreans now have
the capacity to hit the United States
with with a weapon at virtually any time
anywhere
whatever the disaster it is you're
worried about you can basically
we ate a lot of your fear by simply
having a survival food kit yep they're
102 serving emergency food kit for only
99 bucks we can for 99 bucks you're
basically ensuring the safety of your
family the folks in my office have tried
this food they tell me that it tastes
just like home-cooked and you can get
this 102 serving emergency food kit for
99 dollars at 888 803 1413 that's eight
eight eight eight oh three 14 13 or go
online to prepare with Ben's comm
prepare with Ben's comm the kids include
breakfasts lunches dinners they're
shipped for free
my Patriot supply those are the folks
you should trust again eight eight eight
eight oh three 14 13 or prepare with
Ben's comm prepare with Ben's comm make
sure that you're prepared in case
anything bad should happen okay so a few
other lessons that I want to give you
about Alabama first of all Democrats
today are celebrating their over the
moon they think now they have sort of
the reverse position that Republicans
had before this election Republicans
thought before Roy Moore that they could
literally run anyone and it would work
out just fine right Democrats now think
that they think they can run a
pro-abortion advocate in Alabama and win
if they think this they are stupid let's
put it this way incredibly accused child
molester almost became senator in
Alabama okay if the Democrats had any
brains at all they'd be running pro
lifers in place like Alabama you know if
Doug Jones had been pro-life that he
would have won this election by 10
points but the Democrats are so foolish
that they're becoming more and more
homogeneous in their in their viewpoint
and when they do that they prevent the
capacity for their candidates to win in
purple and red states they're hoping
that turnout wins all but I'm not sure
that's gonna be the case so that's a
lesson for Democrats out of all of this
it is worth noting by the way the
Democrats are going to be
extraordinarily hungry in 2018 the
statistics from Virginia Alabama these
are grim for Republicans heading into
2018 I'm looking right now at how
special elections have shifted so far
this year okay the California 34th
district has moved 18 points in favor of
Democrats Kansas 423 points in favor of
Democrats Montana is special election 15
points in favor of Democrats Georgia
sixth District six points in favor of
Democrats South Carolina fifth District
sixteen points in favor of Democrats
even the and then the Alabama Senate
race of course moved 31 points in favor
of Democrats on average the special
elections are moving 16 points in favor
of Democrats the generic congressional
baloff ballot for 2018
currently has Democrats up 10
points ten points okay and it's gonna
get worse from there if Republicans
don't stanch the bleeding the idea that
Republicans can just rally behind Trump
