president Trump meets with North Korean
dictator Kim jong-un we have
comprehensive coverage I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh man is our coverage going to be
comprehensive today we are going to do
this thing soup-to-nuts we are going to
go through everything there is to go
through about the North Korean meeting
about President Trump hanging out with
Kim jong-un everything from their
personal relationship to the actual
statement that they signed together
first let's come make a couple
announcements so today 7:00 p.m. Eastern
we are doing a Father's Day special in
honor a Father's Day which makes sense
since the Father's Day special day Lee
Weyer god-king Jeremy boring is hosting
a roundtable discussion with me Andrew
Clavin Michael Mills for special guests
Alfonzo Rachel and Nick Searcy to
discuss the role of fatherhood in our
society I believe everyone there has
actually had children except for Knowles
will sit there uselessly as per our
usual arrangement we'll be
live-streaming on Facebook and YouTube
if you're a daily wire subscriber go to
daily where com submit live questions to
watch which will be monitored by Alicia
Kraus we will see you this afternoon
okay well as I say I want to get to
everything having to do with this
Kim Trump meetup I know that some people
are upset with me because I am skeptical
of the Kim Trump meetup I will explain
why in full color in full comprehensive
detail in just a second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at the
u.s. CCA so gumlover Second Amendment
fans the clock is ticking how would you
like to hit the range tomorrow with a
brand new gun well pretty much
guaranteed you would since you like guns
the u.s. CCI wants to make that dream
come true for you they are here to help
train and protect responsible gun owners
like you and like me and right now
they're giving away free guns every
single day so you got to check them out
they're giving away a different gun
every single day at all and soon just go
to defend my family now calm to get
entered right away you can get up to 17
chances to win your gun daily it could
be 17 Kimber 17 Glock 17 new Springfield
all you have to do is go to defend my
family now calm to reveal which gun you
could be taking home today this all ends
soon
today's gun disappears at midnight today
so don't put this off don't miss your
chance right now you could win a new gun
every single day of the week just go to
defend my family now calm right now for
your free entry to win again that is
defend my family now calm us eca does
wonderful work providing you the
materials you need to be a better gun
owner and how you can keep yourself
safer I can protect yourself in case you
actually do have to use a weapon USC CH
does wonderful work check them out to
defend my family now calm and you also
get your 17 chances to win your gun
daily defend my family now calm okay
so biggest news ever some big news of
the day of course is that President
Trump goes over to Singapore and he
meets with Kim Jong Lou
now I want to begin with this kim
jeong-hoon is the world's worst dictator
he's a piece of human debris he is
garbage okay he has killed his uncle his
ex-girlfriend his brother-in-law
I believe he's killed all those people
within the last couple of years he held
his uncle at an airport using VX nerve
gas he has 25 million people living in
his slave state
he has 200,000 people living in his
gulags he is just sheer garbage and he
is generation number three of sheer
garbage in the Kim family a North Korean
defector talks a little bit on
television yesterday about the people in
North Korea in the fact they don't even
know that they're slaves because they've
never seen the outside world in order to
understand how horrible North Korea is
you have to understand that at night
when you take a photograph from space of
North Korea versus South Korea South
Korea is all lit up like a Christmas
tree and North Korea there's one light
and is it Kim Jong Un's Palace
legitimately hey here is what a defector
from North Korea said about North Korea
how bad was it in North Korea when you
were there it's hard to say because I
mean I thought like I never knew my
country was isolating people in North
Korea they don't know that they are
slaves that's why you know if we don't
know you are slaves how do you demand to
be free okay so bottom line is that this
is a slave state it is run by one of the
world's most evil families and the
world's most evil human being at this
point in time now the reason I point
this out is because people are treating
the summit with a bit of frivolity
they're treating it as a giant
celebration a coming-out party for kim
jeong-hoon and that it's completely
inappropriate the only reason that we're
meeting with kim jeong-hoon is because
he's been testing his nuclear weapons
and because his family has been pursuing
nuclear weapons and lying about it to
the west over and over and over again
unless we forget these lies have been
continuous and repeated okay the Kim
family has lied no less than eight times
since 1992 to the American government
about denuclearization eight times so
before everybody gets on their high
horse about all Trump and finally got
them to promise denuclearization they
have promised you nuclearization more
often than as many nights as there are
Konica he has promised he nuclearization
I mean he has promised you
nuclearization essentially every other
year the family has every other year
since 1992 and we're supposed to pretend
that his current promise means something
well Trump tweeted in the run-up to the
meeting that critics were were selling
him short he said the fact that I'm
having a meeting is a major loss for the
USA the haters and looters losers we
have our hostages testing research and
all missile launches has stopped and
these pundits who have called me wrong
from the beginning have nothing
they can say we will be fine okay just
to point out here yes we got some
hostages back so did Barack Obama in
2014 that is just historical fact as far
as testing and research and missile
launches have stopped we have no way to
verify whether researchers stopped
testing has stopped at the nuclear
mountain because they imploded their own
nuclear mountain and their missile
launches have stopped because they don't
want to set off president Trump in the
run-up to the meeting right that's
that's the idea here and President Trump
then continues and he says meetings
between staffs and representatives are
going well and quickly but in the end
that doesn't matter we will all know
soon whether or not a real deal unlike
those of the past can happen the truth
is usually a president of the United
States does not get together with a
foreign adversary to sign an agreement
until there's an agreement to be signed
until there's something real and decent
and long-lasting and verifiable to be
signed but the goal of these
negotiations is cvid okay complete
verifiable irreversible denuclearization
or dismantlement okay CVID
they're not really even talking about
that right now they're not really even
talking about that this was the big
question was President Trump going to be
handing kim jeong-hoon a public
relations victory by going going over
and hanging out with him or was he gonna
get some serious concessions now we
don't know the answer to that yet and
this is my note of caution we don't know
yet so what you're hearing from a lot of
folks on the right is triumph Nobel
Prize everything great has already
happened nothing great has happened in
fact right now the ledger is stacked in
favor of Kim jong-un because we just
handed them a massive PR victory we'll
go through the PR victory and all the
mistakes that were made over the last 36
hours and handing them a PR victory now
all those mistakes turn to gold
if Kim jong-un actually wants to
denuclearize so if the White House knows
something that we don't if the White
House actually has some sort of
verifiable regime of dismantlement
coming then this is the greatest move of
all time if they don't then it's a
debacle okay there really is no
in-between there's no in-between
position where Trump goes over there and
makes nice and plays kissy face with Kim
Jong hoon and doesn't get anything out
of him where it's not a debacle and on
the other hand if he gets what he wants
out of kim jeong-hoon
then obviously everything is justified
but right now everybody is jumping to
their various positions you got folks on
the right and they are jumping to the
position that Donald Trump has done
something masterful to masterstroke its
genius its mega Magna 3d underwater
chest upside down right and how do we
know that well because Trump's doing it
right if Obama has done the same thing
we would have gone nuts
but if Obama had gone over to Singapore
and hung out
kim jeong-hoon and stacked the American
flag alongside the flag of North Korea
we would have gone crazy because the
flag of North Korea is the modern-day
equivalent of the swastika they imagined
that Kim Jong Lunas Hitler and you
understand a little bit better why it
might not be a great idea to have all
these photo ops with a guy without
receiving any sort of serious
concessions in the first place so on the
right they're jumping to everything is
great everything's gonna be fine
no downside all terrific and on the Left
they're jumping too this is the worst
thing that has ever happened in the
history of the world the same people who
are insuring Obama for signing the
world's worst nuclear deal with Iran are
now saying the president Trump has done
something terrible by meeting with Kim
Jong hoon
even though the real concessions made at
this meeting are not particularly strong
right he didn't actually commit to
virtually anything he given to a few
things none of them are good but we
don't know yet yeah I spent I say a lot
on the show I spend a lot of time on my
show saying let's wait for the evidence
to come in and there's another case
where I'm gonna say let's wait for the
evidence to come in but we can say that
President Trump gave up something very
serious in these in this in this
photo-op he gave up the idea that
America as the freest country on the
face of the planet and most powerful
country on the face of the planet has
the capacity to talk down to Kim Jong we
should be talking down to him he's a
tin-pot dictator piece of crap he's a
horrible human being
been legitimizing him and pretending
that he's a normal person and that this
is a normal regime and then we gotta
have normal relations with this normal
regime without any serious concessions
being made I don't know why the
president says that I honestly don't I
don't know why this wasn't done from
lower level negotiators I don't know why
this wasn't done through Mike Pompeo I
don't know why this wasn't done through
the CIA there are plenty of ways to
negotiate these deals having the
president show up for a nice back rub
with Kim jong-un doesn't seem to me like
like a worthwhile cause now you have to
understand the level of reality TV that
was involved in this from the very start
you have you have Dennis Rodman on TV
crying so Dennis Rodman showed up in
Singapore wearing to make America great
again hat
this is nutcase okay he's been going
over to to North Korea for years back in
2014 a guy named Donald Trump tweeted
that he never would have said the
dominant that Dennis Rodman should go
over to North Korea and hang out with
Kim jong-un it's why he's glad he fired
him from Celebrity Apprentice now Dennis
Rodman is actually at this event and
then he starts crying on TV while
talking about how he is sponsored by
some sort of pot Bitcoin company
over the ductless I was sitting up
protecting everything and I believe it
on Korea and when I went home I can't go
home I couldn't go home for 30 days and
could hope but I kept my head up high
brother I knew things gonna change I
knew it I was the only one I never had
no one to hear me I didn't know what had
to see me but I took those bullets I
took all that I took everything everyone
came at me and I'm still standing today
is a great day for everybody SATA for
everything it's a great day and he said
he's standing there talking about pot
coin calm and Chris Cuomo humoring him
okay when Dennis Rodman says it's a
great day that doesn't necessarily mean
it's a great day it could just mean that
he took LSD like we just don't know it's
Dennis Rodman okay so all of this
happens Kim jong-un and Donald Trump
walk out and here is the historic moment
everybody says it's historic they always
say historic as the historic is good
historic just means historic meaning
that it makes history but lots of things
were historic Neville Chamberlain was
historic and so was so as opening China
right lots of things are historic here's
what it looked like when President Trump
met with Kim jong-un for the first time
as we see President Trump getting
prepared to walk to center stage and
there it is the first handshake between
the United States President positive
right now you can see the danger in in
this in this image okay and the image is
of course a bunch of American flags
stacked up against a bunch of North
Korean flags if those were swastikas
everybody would understand this
okay symbolism matters and I guess we
play Kim jong-un as though he is some
sort of joke is that he's just a fat boy
who's a joke okay there's an element of
that but the guy also happens to be a
mass murderer like an actual mass
murderer so in any case President Trump
says that he is happy to get the guy to
the table and then he says that he felt
foolish with doing the fire and fury
rhetoric but he had to do it he told
this to Sean Hannity he says that you
know that's the way that you get Kim
jong-un to the table in the first place
I think without the rhetoric we wouldn't
have been here I really believe that you
know we did sanctions and all of the
things that you would do but I think
without the rhetoric you know other
administration's I don't want to get
specific on that but they had a policy
of silence if they said something very
bad
very threatening and horrible just don't
answer that's not the answer that's not
what you have to do okay so I agree with
president Trump's harsh rhetoric I agree
with President Trump harsh rhetoric with
regard to kim jeong-hoon I don't think
that it was his harsh rhetoric that
brought Kim jong-un to the table I think
that was the South Korean administration
which has been extraordinarily open
toward kim jong hoon and basically
brokered this deal so I like the harsh
rhetoric I have no problem with the fire
and fury rhetoric with regard to Kim
jong-un it doesn't bother me one iota in
fact I'd like more of that more of the
harsh Trump rhetoric less of the kissy
kissy face for me because I just I'm not
a big fan of how this went so in just a
second I'm going to explain to you what
exactly went down in this deal because I
have the document in front of me what
exactly was signed and why it basically
is a giant nothing burger for the moment
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsor is over at puppy spots so
welcoming a puppy into your home is is
incredibly rewarding I know that my
sister is a puppy owner she loves her
dog I mean loves her dog and for folks
who have a dog it really makes an
enormous difference in their lives
obviously these these puppies become
their best friends and this is why you
want to go to a place where you know the
puppies have been treated well or you
know that every puppy has been vetted
and that's what puppy spot com is for
it's a trusted service connecting the
nation's top breeders to caring
responsible individuals and families it
shouldn't be a mystery or a compromise
when you when you get a puppy puppy spot
is more than a service they're actually
advocates they have 200 plus dog loving
team members who ensure that only the
highest level of licensed breeders can
enter their exclusive breeder community
and you can view thousands of puppies
from golden retrievers to your Kisa
labradoodles and their puppy concierge
service will help find the right breed
for you it makes it absolutely
convenience and easy to find your new
best friend their industry leading
health guarantee means that your puppies
vaccinations are up to date as well
which is awesome and all of the puppies
receiving nose-to-tail health exam from
a licensed vet before they are brought
safely home to you so go to puppy
spot.com /ban that's puppy spot.com
slash bend and for a limited time i'll
Ben Shapiro show listeners receive
access to the puppy spot VIP program
discounts on everything you need for
your new puppy from food to walking
services you get that awesome deal when
you go to puppy spot com / Bend for that
special offer again puppy spot com / Ben
get your new best friend the best way
puppy spot com / then go check it out
all right so what actually was in this
this deal between new best friends
president Trump and kim jeong-hoon so
here is what the deal says it says
Donald Trump of the United States of
America and chairman kim jeong-hoon of
the state affairs Commission of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
held first historic summit in Singapore
on June 12th 2018
president Trump and chairman kim
jeong-hoon conducted a comprehensive
in-depth and sincere exchange of
opinions on the issues related to the
establishment of new u.s. DPRK relations
and the building of a lasting and robust
peace regime on the Korean Peninsula
president Trump committed to provide
security guarantees to DPRK and chairman
Kim jong-un reaffirmed his firm an
unwavering commitment to complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
let's stop there for just a second okay
what that means is that President Trump
made commitments that he would not
actually involve the United States in
joint military drills with the South
Koreans and Kim jong-un said I'm gonna
do the same thing my dad and my granddad
promise and I'm gonna lie about it
that's not a promising start now listen
I know maybe there's more to come maybe
there's more to come but I need to see
the evidence there's more to come before
I start getting excited about its deal
that basically is weaker than prior
deals in fact is that the joint
comprehensive framework that was come up
with in 2005-2006 is stronger than this
deal convinced that the establishment of
new u.s. DPRK relations will contribute
to the peace and prosperity of the
Korean Peninsula and of the world and
recognizing the mutual conference
building can promote the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
president Trump and Kim jong-un state
the following and here we get to the
actual four basic principles of the deal
principle one the US and the DPRK commit
to establish new u.s. DPRK relations in
