a new blockbuster movie revises history
the Weinstein scandal makes headlines
again and both parties endorse populism
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh man here adhere first before
President Trump tweets about it we will
get into the new movie biopic about Neil
Armstrong and the controversy springing
therefrom but first let's talk about the
economy so right now we could be in the
middle of a trade war or at least a
trade war could be launching obviously
we are putting tariffs on Chinese goods
the Chinese could be tariffs in our
goods they could start unloading our
bonds and things get bad enough that's
why you ought to be hedging against
inflation and hedging against
uncertainty and instability by
diversifying at least a little bit with
precious metals gold is a safe haven
against uncertainty my savings plan is
diversified in yours should be to the
company I trust with precious metal
purchases that's Birch gold group and
right now thanks to a little own IRS tax
law you can even move that IRA are
eligible 401 K into an IRA backed by
physical gold or silver it's perfect for
those who want to protect their
hard-earned retirement savings from any
future geopolitical uncertainty
historically when the bottom falls out
of everything else gold safeguards
savings because it's never been more
zero Birch gold group has thousands of
satisfied customers countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and right now contact
Birch gold group and you get a free
information kit on physical precious
metals this comprehensive 16 page kit
reveals how gold and silver can protect
your savings can legally move that IRA
or 401k out of stocks and bonds into a
precious metals IRA if that's something
you are interested in to get that
no-cost no-obligation kit head over to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com / Ben they're the folks
that I trust with precious metals
investing birchgold.com / Ben we begin
today with a scandal that's not really a
scandal but is at least worth talking
about because it does say something
about the left's perspective and
hollywood's perspective on america it is
as they say one of the reasons President
Trump is president this particular
scandal comes courtesy of Damien
Chazelle now this makes me sad because
Damien Chazelle is one of the best
directors working today he did whiplash
and then he did lala land and his new
movie looks great it's a biopic titled
first man about Neil Armstrong who's the
first man to walk on moon and the stars
Ryan Gosling as Neil Armstrong but
there's one problem the movie apparently
omits the American flag why is that big
deal you say because at the most crucial
moment the picture that everyone cares
about from the actual moon landing is
Neil Armstrong racing the American flag
on the moon this is sort of like doing a
movie about the Battle of Iwo Jima
and not having the guys raise an
American flag instead they just decided
to raise an empty flagpole with like an
emoji sticker on it or something right
it makes no sense at all it's an iconic
moment in American history but Ryan
Gosling who is Canadian says that he
thinks that Neil Armstrong saw himself
more as a world citizen than as an
American hero which makes no sense at
all he says I think this was widely
regarded in the end as a human
achievement and that's how we chose to
view it well not by Americans it wasn't
not by Americans it turns out that when
America was putting a man on the moon in
China which is the real reason why
they're not putting the American flag in
this film is because they're afraid that
it'll piss off the Chinese censors and
they want to make sure that the Chinese
market goes to see the film so they've
removed the American flag it's the same
reason that long ago when they made
Superman Returns
they omitted truth justice in the
American Way they turn it into truth
justice and all that other stuff the
Hollywood is really really afraid of
taking off foreign audiences with all of
the America there's only one problem
with that logic which is that nobody in
foreign countries actually cares whether
American films promote America because
it turns out America's a pretty frickin
amazing place like we put a man on the
moon that's one of the pieces of proof
actually so Ryan Gosling Canadian says I
also think Neil was extremely humble as
were many of these astronauts and time
and time again he deferred the focus
from himself to the 400,000 people who
made the mission possible those 400,000
people would have been Americans by the
way who worked for the American
government he was running everyone that
he was just the tip of the iceberg
and that's not just to be humble that's
also true so I don't think Neil viewed
himself as an American hero for my
interviews with his family and people
that knew him it was quite the opposite
and we wanted the film to reflect Neil
alternatively Hollywood is just catering
to foreign audiences and so they're
going to omit the American flag in a
blatant attempt to grab Chinese money
but let's be clear putting a man on the
moon was an American mission it was not
a world mission it was an American
mission JFK who announced the original
missions put a man on the moon when he
did this when he talked about why we
would put a man on the moon he
explicitly linked it to America's
special rule in the world as a provider
of freedom remember this is the middle
of the Cold War and there was a lot of
talk in those days like right about this
time about the Russians putting a man
into space on the Sputnik satellite and
JFK decided okay we're gonna fight back
against that by actually going far
beyond that we'll put a man on the moon
putting an American flag on the moon was
the point of the endeavor it wasn't
ancillary to the endeavor it was
actually
point of the endeavor here's Jeff K
talking about the original mission we
choose to go to the moon in this decade
and do the other things not because they
are easy but because they are hard
because that goal will serve to organize
and measure the best of our energies and
skills okay and then he explicitly links
the mission to guess what the American
flag here's what he had to say about the
American flag in announcing this mission
he's talking about this at Rice
University's very famous speech
obviously well the eyes of the world now
look into space to the moon and to the
planets beyond and we have vowed that we
shall not see it governed by a hostile
flag of conquest but by a banner of
freedom and please so it turns out that
the American flag was sort of the point
right we didn't want the Russians to be
up there on the moon using it as a base
we didn't want the Chinese up there by
the way at the time that we were
actually throwing ticker-tape parades
for Neil Armstrong the Chinese were busy
stringing up people who were dissenting
from government policy so the fact that
we are now catering to a Chinese
government that remains a fascistic
dictatorship the fact that we are
catering to that government in order to
downplay the role of America it has a
lot to say with with the nature of free
markets free markets are not by nature
moral when it comes to who they take
into account markets are moral only in
the sense that they recognize that our
property is the fruit of our labor
that's what makes markets moral but
there's nothing that says a free market
is more when it comes to which audience
you are catering to and if Hollywood
feels you can cater to a Chinese market
by getting rid of American messaging it
will do so despite the immorality of
that basic idea but there's something
deeper happening here and that is that
Hollywood in the American left are
deeply embarrassed by the idea that
America is a nation that is a force for
good in the world
there's a hard core of the left that
believes that America historically it's
the Howard Zinn left believes that
America is historically a force for evil
in the world if you go listen to the
radicals over like chapo traphouse or
something another podcast on the Left
what you will see is that they're
constantly talking about historically
how America has been a force for tyranny
and fascism around the world and maybe
it would be better if America had just
backed off the world stage and allowed
the Soviets and the Communists to
dominate Africa dominate South America
it's all about America backing to your
it's the no I'm Chomsky view of history
and that is being indicated here every
good thing America did is actually a
whirl of achievement and every bad thing
America did is America's burden alone so
slavery was America's alone of putting a
man on the moon that was a world
achievement in reality it's sort of the
reverse slavery was a universal in human
history America fought a bloody war to
get rid of slavery that does not mean
that folks who engaged in slavery and
back slavery in the United States are
off the moral hook far from it but what
is uniquely American is not slavery that
was a universal world institution that
was also enacted in the United States
and was evil but what is uniquely
American is what we did after slavery
and the foundations of the country in
the Constitution there are certain
things that are unique about America the
left reverses all of these historical
truths everything that is bad about
America in reality the vast majority of
things that have been bad about America
were not unique to America they were
rather Universal and most of the things
that are good about America tend to be
pretty unique to America and not
universal which is why America's Rises
coincident with the greatest reduction
in world poverty in the history of
mankind why America's rise in terms of
economic power is coincident with the
dramatic decrease in child death in in
health problems even in pollution and in
the last 20 years America's been
reducing its own pollution by leaps and
bounds
the fact is America is a uniquely
wonderful place and the fact and and
because Hollywood doesn't choose to
recognize that they will remove any
indicator than anything good that was
ever done under American auspices was
done under the auspices of that American
flag they will champion people kneeling
for the American flag with regard to
isolated instances of police misconduct
but they won't put the American flag on
the moon it's more representative of the
American flag when there's a bad cop
than it is of the American flag when we
legitimately expend billions of dollars
to put a human being on the moon and put
the American flag up there that's
insanity but unfortunately that's a
pretty prevalent view among a lot of
folks on the radical left and I would
say even on the mainstream left now
meanwhile I think it's important to
point out some news regarding some of
the beloved candidates of the of the
Democratic Party and the left one of the
candidates who is rising fast in the
polls is beta O'Rourke beta O'Rourke is
running against Ted Cruz for the Senate
in Texas and the polls having him pretty
close I mean in spitting distance some
polls have them within the margin of
error Democrats are of course
extraordinarily excited about
that's if they could turn Texas blue if
then they'd never lose another election
I mean basically once Texas goes below
the country goes blue Texas is certainly
a bellwether state and what you saw in
the last election it was actually very
interesting is that while President
Trump turned Ohio red and he turned
Florida red and Wisconsin red and while
he turned Michigan red Texas was
trending more blue he actually he
actually won Texas by fewer points I
believe than Mitt Romney won Texas in
2012 I'm not mistaken
in any case bado Eric was expected to be
far behind Ted Cruz in the Texas race
turnout is gonna be very high on the
Democratic side and I think Cruz's camp
is is worried about our work in a way
that is pretty shocked and given the
fact that Texas is a deep red state it
is not a blue state in the proof is in
the pudding
Republicans dominate the state
legislature they dominate the governor's
office they have four years beta work
those being held up as the new face of
the Democratic Party should bethe own
work win the Senate seat in Texas
there's very little doubt that he would
be the frontrunner for the presidential
nomination in 2020 from the Democratic
side of the aisle he is a pretty good
speaker there they're trying to paint
him as a sort of Obama like figure that
he came out of nowhere and therefore he
is he is somebody who ought to be with a
formidable resume but apparently his
campaign has now run into a bit of a
speed bump the speed bump being that he
was involved in a DUI
20 years ago and actually apparently
tried to flee the scene of the crime
this is according to the Houston
Chronicle US Representative beta
O'Rourke has long owned up to his
drunken driving arrests 20 years ago
describing it in a Houston Chronicle
op-ed piece earlier this week as a
serious mistake for which there is no
excuse although the arrest has been
public knowledge
police reports of the September 1998
incident when the Democratic Senate
candidate had just turned 26 shows more
serious threat to public safety than has
previously been reported state and local
police reports obtained by the Chronicle
and Express news show work was driving
drunk and what a witness called a high
rate of speed in a 75 mile per hour zone
on Interstate 10 about a mile from the
New Mexico border he lost control and
hit a truck sending his car careening
across the center median into oncoming
lanes the witness who stopped at the
scene later told police that her work
had tried to drive away from the scene
so he's involved in a DUI allegedly a
DUI hit-and-run after crossing into
oncoming traffic
O'Rourke blew a 0.1 36 and 0.134 on
police breathalyzers which means that
bass
that he was made of alcohol at that
point that is not a mild drunk driving
arrest that is you have been drinking
incessantly for hours and then you get
in a car and rush into oncoming traffic
then try to flee the scene this is well
above the legal limit the legal limit in
Texas is point zero eight so he's
driving most twice the legal limit he's
arrested at the scene charged with DUI
completed a court approved diversion
program and had the charges dismissed
now listen as somebody who's had their
license suspended for speeding I've
never driven drunk I have had my license
suspended I would say that there is a
major difference between a speeding
ticket or even a DUI where you're pulled
over and you and you blow above the
legal limit and you rushing into
oncoming traffic hitting and hitting
other cars and then trying to flee
that's that's a significant amount worse
so bitter erupts candidacy could be in
trouble we'll talk about that plus
another Democratic candidate who could
be in trouble for even more insane
reasons in just one second first do you
feel like this year makes you want to
take a drink do you well listen I'm not
a proponent of alcoholism but you could
use a drink to relax every once in a
while and that's why you should go over
and subscribe to wink wink makes it easy
to discover great wine that's not just
for drinking in your home obviously
we're talking about you're going out to
dinner with somebody and you don't know
what a good wine tastes like you don't
know the difference between a bottle of
Manischewitz and a bottle of turpentine
you don't know the difference between
any of these things and so you actually
need a wine that goes with the meal
tastes really good but you don't know
anything so what you do is you go over
to wink wink swine experts select wines
match to your taste personalized for you
shipped right to your door starting just
13 bucks a bottle
there's nothing like coming home to a
box of delicious wink wine selected just
for you it's the best day of your month
just fill up that wink palate profile
quiz and they ask you simple questions
like how do you take your coffee how do
you feel about blueberries and then they
give you a wine that is specifically
tailored to your taste profile each
month there are new delicious wines they
have the insanely popular summer water
rose a that is flying off shelves right
now no membership fees skip any month
cancel anytime
discover great wine today go to try
winked calm /ban and get 20 bucks off
your first shipment that's t ry winc
comm slash Ben for $20 off again try
winked comm slash Ben folks around the
office of done taste tests of the wink
wine they love it they're less
productive that day but they're happier
go over and check it out try winked comm
slash Ben winc comm slash Ben for $20
off okay so beta or war could be in
trouble
in his Texas race to the great
consternation of Democrats that's not
even the craziest Democrat story of the
day the craziest Democrat story of the
day comes courtesy of
Senate candidate Julia Salazar so Julia
Salazar was running for the state Senate
in New York and she is according to city
and state New York she has attracted
significant often fawning media coverage
an army of enthusiastic volunteers
endorsements from politicians and
activist organizations and now withering
scrutiny a series of articles have dug
into her childhood religion and activist
history exposing facts that either
contradict or provide relevant context
to some of her biographical claims based
on interviews with her mother and
brother and Salazar herself city and
state has discovered additional
previously unreported instances of
Salazar falsely presenting her
background and others that are well not
technically untrue misleading but the
deeper one digs into the competing
narratives of Salazar's upbringing the
less it appears to be a simple matter of
truth or lies or he-said she-said
Salazar has told the few outright
falsehoods she claimed her family
emigrated from Colombia when in reality
she her brother and mother were born and
raised in the United States and her
father first came to the United States
as a teenager and was naturalized before
Salazar was ever born and she also
claimed that she had Jewish background
she has no Jewish background at all but
she's anti-israel she wanted to claim
that she was Jewish that she could get
away with the anti-israel nonsense she
also claimed that she grew up working
class in an economically stressed family
it turns out that is not true according
to her brother my family emigrated to
the u.s. from cologne so she said my
family immigrated to the u.s. from
Colombia when I was a baby my mom ended
up raising my brother and me as a single
mom without a college degree and from a
working-class background that's what she
told Jacobin magazine the socialist
magazine her brother says he remembers
