the left embraces socialism eugenics in
revolution president Trump attacks Chuck
Todd and Maxine Waters
and OJ's back which is weird I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so the left went crazy over the weekend
so no Disneyland for them there was
Disneyland for me however but there will
be no Disneyland for them because the
weekend was a very weird time on the
op-ed pages of our nation's leading
newspapers I'll tell you all about all
the crazy that was happening but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at zip recruiter so every business
needs better people in fact we need
better people right now on the show I
mean just generally but that's why if we
were to replace them we would be using
zip recruiters zip recruiter learns what
you're looking for and identifies people
with the right experience and invites
them to apply to a job that you need
filled they built a platform that finds
the right job candidates for you 80% of
employers who post a job on zip
recruiter get a quality candidate
through the site in just one day and zip
recruit does not stop there they even
spotlight the strongest applicants you
receive so you never miss a great match
the right candidates are out there and
zip recruiter is how you find them right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free that's right for free at zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire that zip
recruiter comm slash daily wear again
when you use that slash daily wire you
can now try zip recruiter for free can
post a job and your inbox will start
filling with resumes right away and you
can cultivate those resumes right there
in the zipper career app instead of
having to download it to your email and
deal with their zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire that zip recruiter comm slash
daily wear if you want the best
employees all you need to do is go to
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire and
they will take care of it for you and
right now as they say you can post jobs
for free 80% of employers who post on
zip recruiter get a quality candidate in
just one day so check it out zip
recruiters comm slash daily wire it is
the smartest way to hire ok so over the
weekend the nation's op-ed pages decided
to remind us all why president rump is
president not because he's so great at
everything not because the president is
a playing Magne Magne Magne chess but
because the left has decided to go fully
crazy
there are several stop ads in a row that
we're gonna go through here talking
about the the outskirts of the left but
these are printed in mainstream
newspapers again this is not stuff from
the nation this is not stuff even from
salon or slate this is stuff from the
New York Times and The Washington Post
and the Atlantic all of these are
mainstream outlets on the left and none
of them are particularly good I don't
know what was in the water over the
weekend or whether they just feel so
emboldened on the left that they feel
like they can have sand and they can say
anything and get away with it but
whatever it is it is not it is not gonna
be good for their agenda here
the first example Ruth Marcus he's the
deputy editorial page editor it's jazz a
high position over at the Washington
Post wrote in an opinion piece called
quote I would have aborted a fetus with
Down syndrome women need that right ok
this is just a piece in favor of
eugenics if the idea is that you get to
abort a baby because the baby has Down
syndrome then what is the difference
between aborting a baby with Down
syndrome not because you don't think
it's a baby but because it has Down
syndrome and doing that with somebody
who is actually already born here's a
ruth marcus writes there's a new push
and anti-abortion circles to pass state
laws aimed at bar and women from
terminating their pregnancy after the
fetus has been determined to have Down
syndrome these laws are unconstitutional
unenforceable and wrong this is a
difficult subject to discuss because
there are so many parents who have in
cherish a child with Down syndrome many
people with Down syndrome live happy and
fulfilled wives the new Gerber baby with
Down syndrome is awfully cute I've had
two children I was old enough when I
became pregnant that it made sense to do
the testing for Down syndrome back then
it was amniocentesis performed after 15
weeks now Creon chorionic villus
sampling can provide a conclusive
determination as early as nine weeks I
can say without hesitation the tragic as
it would have been in gas lease that
second trimester abortion would have
been I would have terminated those
pregnancies had the testing come back
positive I would have grieved the loss
and moved on well good for you Ruth that
you would have grieved the loss first of
all it's always a bizarre point in in
abortion fanatics lingo that they'll say
things like I would have grieved the
loss and the loss of what if it's not
morally wrong then what are you grieving
if it's just a cluster of cells then
what exactly are you grieving are
grieving the lost opportunity like well
what are you presumably you're grieving
the human that you just killed or had
killed in the womb and just because that
human in the womb had Down syndrome
doesn't mean that it was okay for you to
do that you should feel morally
exculpated from what you just did here's
what she continues to say I'm not alone
more than two-thirds of American women
choose abortion in such circumstances
isn't that the point or at least
inherent in the point of prenatal
testing in the first place well no the
points of prenatal testing in the first
place is generally to see if there is
some sort of condition that can be fixed
as the pregnancy continues so for
example if there had been the capacity
to actually look at my child's my first
child's heart and see that there was a
hole in her heart when she was
developing they might have been able to
do something prenatally I don't know how
the surgery works but there are all
sorts of surgeries that they do on
children before they are born where they
actually performance an amazing thing
they perform surgeries on children who
are still in the womb and they show up
to a woman
the pregnancy continues and the kid is
just fine this sort of thing happens all
the time the point of prenatal testing
is not kill the child if things come out
wrong that's called eugenics folks okay
and say bad thing this is what they have
in Iceland Down syndrome people are not
there and I like they just don't exist
in Iceland because they're all killed in
the womb that is not a good thing for
the inherent value of human life when
you say the inherent value of human life
degrades if you are born with with low
IQ thanks to genetic conditions if you
believe that abortion is equivalent to
murder the taking of the human life then
of course you would make it a different
choice but that is not my belief and the
Supreme Court has affirmed my freedom to
have that belief and act accordingly
well you can always have that belief I
mean you they give the freedom to have
that belief but the Supreme Court is not
a moral arbiter this is one of the
things that drives pro-life people
absolutely insane when people look at
pro-choice people and pro-choice people
point to the Supreme Court they point
like justice Blackmun I said well
justice Blackmun says it's okay my
answer does who the hell is justice
blackmun why would I care about that
like Ruth Bader Ginsburg says something
is okay ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo now you've
spooked me wow you totally changed my
opinion now I guess it wasn't a human
life because justice roberts said
something or because justice kennedy
said something is so dumb and final it's
an argument from Authority the same
people say you can't cite the Bible in
defense of human life we'll say you can
say Ruth Bader Ginsburg in defense of
the right to kill a human life pretty
amazing stuff Ruth Marcus says I respect
I admire families that knowingly welcome
a baby with Down syndrome into their
lives again the sentiments here are
conflicting why do you respect and
admire those people presumably you think
those people made a horrible mistake
presumably you think those people are
idiots who think that this was a human
life it wasn't a human life and now they
brought a child into the world and that
child is presumably suffering because of
it down syndrome so presumably they're
bad people for bringing the child into
the world like this is not a lot there's
not a lot of gray area here she says
certainly to be a parent is to take the
risks that accompany parenting you love
your child for who she is not what you
want her to be but accepting that
essential truth is different from
compelling a woman to give birth to a
child whose intellectual capacity will
be impaired whose life choices will be
limited whose health may be compromised
okay let me read that sentence again
okay very slowly for those who missed it
that's an insane sentence a fully crazy
that is a morally that is a morally
ignominious statement accepting that
essential truth is different from
compelling a woman to give birth to a
child whose intellectual capacity
be impaired okay every single person in
the United States has an impaired
intellectual capacity to one extent or
another everyone is not born Einstein
has a very small group of people who are
born with genius-level IQ everybody else
does not have as much of a chance in
life does that mean that abortion is
okay I mean this is pure eugenics right
here whose life choices will be limited
hey every single human has life choices
that are limited every single human hey
you what what you're looking for when
you're talking about morality is a
limiting principle you're looking for
something that distinguishes cases if
this says as we say in law school would
be an argument that proves too much it
suggests that every human being should
be aborted based on certain
circumstances whose life choices will be
limited okay Beethoven was born into a
family where his dad used to beat him in
the middle of the night if he didn't
practice piano correctly was that a
limited life choice sure he went deaf
later in life when we were actually not
even that late when he was in his late
20s he started to go deaf was that a
limited life choice sure right whose
health may be compromised every single
person will die every person who's been
born will die and everyone will have a
health problem before then says most
children with Down syndrome have mild to
moderate cognitive impairment being an
IQ between 55 and 70 mild or between 35
and 55 moderate this means limited
capacity for independent living in
financial security Down syndrome is
life-altering for the entire family now
there's no question that that is true
but that is also true when you have a
parent who's slipping into senility do
we get to stab them in the chest
do we farm them off to the soil and
Green Factory then when people get
Alzheimer's what are we supposed to do
with them is the idea that the the good
thing for the family would be just to
pull the plug there are tons of people
whose capacity for independent living is
limited and who celui lived wonderful
lives and not only that sometimes it
makes you a better person as you can
make me we're talking about the impact
on the mother here sometimes it makes us
as human beings better that we have to
make certain sacrifices in favor of
others when I was growing up my dad had
a pretty debilitating back condition he
meant that everybody in the family had
to carry all heavy objects around the
house Riley my dad just couldn't carry
it wasn't a thing and we just grew up
knowing that was something that we had
to do now obviously that's very mild
compared to what we're talking about
here but the point is this love is about
the sacrifices that you make for the
people that you love and when it comes
to when it comes to people with Down
syndrome are they not deserving of love
in the same way that anybody else would
be whose Markinson
one tear this was not the child I wanted
that was not the choice I would have
made you make homie selfish or worse but
I am in good company
well no you're in bad company actually I
knew our selfish or worse she says the
evidence is cleared the most women
confronted with the same unhappy
alternative would make the same decision
again a horrifying argument lots of
people make horrible decisions
throughout the course of human history
and Nazi Germany tons of people were
making terrible decisions all the time
and then they would say the majority is
with me guess what the majority in the
south was with segregation and slavery
did that mean segregation and slavery
were okay of course not that's not even
an argument that's an emotional appeal
well don't talk about me like I'm
special I'm not special everybody else
is bad too
this crap doesn't work with my
kindergartner my pre kindergartner
shouldn't work with a fully grown woman
says which brings us to the Supreme
Court North Dakota Ohio Indiana and
Louisiana passed legislation to prohibit
doctors from performing abortions if the
sole reason is because of a diagnosis of
Down syndrome Utah's legislature is
debating such a bill these laws are
flatly inconsistent with the Supreme
Court's roe v wade ruling reaffirmed in
1992 the quoted is a constitutional
liberty of the woman to have some
freedom to terminate her pregnancy well
not really the issue if you puts the
focus on the phrase of the woman but the
focus should be on some freedom even if
you are believer in roe v wade there is
some freedom but that freedom does not
extend to everything he says as US
District Judge Tanya Walton Pratt
concluded in striking down the Indiana
law the state's High Court determination
leaves no room for the state to examine
let alone prohibit the basis or basis
upon which a woman makes her choice so
for any reason abortion on dimensions
think about it can it be the women have
more constitutional freedom to choose to
terminate the pregnancies on a whim than
for the reason that the fetus has down
syndrom now this is her only good
argument and proves the reverse of what
she wants it to prove she's saying well
why would we limit the capacity of women
to choose on Down syndrome but we
wouldn't limit their capacity to choose
to abort a fetus just for fun
I agree agree okay the fact is that when
you are talking about killing a baby in
the womb your choice should be severely
circumscribed whether you're talking
about Down syndrome or anything else and
she says to the question of
enforceability who's gonna police the
decision-making doctors are now supposed
to turn in their patients for making a
decision of which the state disapproves
no my guess is that all of these bills
do not punish the woman they probably
punish the doctor they say in an
argument worthy of this Ruth Marcus in
an argument worthy of The Handmaid's
Tale from the state of Indiana suggests
precisely that's an air
the right to abortion it's lawyer argued
before a federal appeals court last
month protects only the binary decision
of whether to bear a child not which
child you must carry to term once you
choose to become pregnant
in other words though they didn't put
the we didn't put it in these exact
words the state can hijack your body
it's not about hijacking the body of the
woman this is about protecting the body
of the baby inside the woman duh okay so
this is just example number one of the
extremism of the left brought into full
relief we'll get to another crazy
example in just a second the dumbest
column in recent history that one
doesn't even take the cake for the
weekend hey first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at bull and branch
so over the weekend we all lost an hour
of sleep yeah I know it was terrible but
if you are trying to regain that hour of
sleep if you are looking for the most
comfortable the most comfortable sheets
that you can sleep on that is bull and
branch the bull and branch cheats are
fantastic they're so good then I throw
out all of our old sheets and I got only
Boleyn branch eats because they are that
good the reason they are that good is
they are made from a pure 100% organic
cotton they start out very soft and they
get even softer over time they are
incredibly breathable so you don't feel
like you're sleeping in a tarp you can
buy directly from Boleyn branch so you
are essentially paying wholesale prices
luxury sheets can cost up to $1,000 in
the store Boleyn brand sheets are only a
couple of hundred bucks which may sound
expensive except for the fact that
you're going to sleep on these every
night of your life and it makes a huge
difference in how you sleep I promise
you it does for me it does for my wife
these sheets are so comfortable everyone
who tries Boleyn brand sheets loves them
including me three u.s. presidents and
Bill Clinton's presumed lovers sleep on
bull and branch sheets shipping is free
you can try them for 30 nights if you
don't love them send them back for a
refund but you're not gonna want to send
them back because they really are
fantastic to get you started right now
my listeners get 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets at bull at bull and branch
comp remote Club n that's Bo LLM branch
com promo Club Band to get 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets bull and branch
comm promo code then check that out
using that promo code Ben lets them know
that we sent you and of course $50 not
for first set of sheets they are the
most comfortable sheets you have ever
slept on bar none it is not close okay
so now it's time for crazy editorial
number two so again you wonder why
Trump wins you want around Republicans
win even though they are really bad at
everything and why is it the Republicans
keep winning even though they're really
bad at everything it's because the left
has gone crazy now there are a couple of
charts out there that show the
Democratic and Republican Party splits
meaning where the right has moved in
where the left is moving what the
our show is that basically since 2010
the Republican Party has been static but
the Democratic Party has been moving
wildly left
they've moving solely to the left so the
greater Parliament partisan polar gap
that's being created right now is being
created by the left moving hard to the
left not by the right moving harder to
the right okay so with that in mind here
is crazy column at number two so this
one is courtesy of some weird guy named
Tim Crider over at the New York Times
he's an essayist he's a professional
essayist which is to say he reads a
bunch of stuff the New York Times pays
him for but the only people who read him
are people who sit there with their cat
and their cup of coffee at brunch on
Sunday morning on the Upper East Side of
Manhattan he penned an op-ed that is I
mean this is a crazy op-ed it's called
go ahead Millennials destroy us no I am
not kidding that is the name of the
op-ed and it is not a good at
shockingly you may have thought that
from that title it would be a great on
