an attempted terror attack in New York
City Roy Moore is on the ballot tomorrow
and President Trump is now in the
crosshairs of Democrats focused on
sexual harassment I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
I hope you had a wonderful and relaxing
weekend we certainly did in the Shapiro
household but now we're back and there's
a lot of news as always so it turns out
that the Senate Republicans can't write
a tax bill there are certain rates in
the tax bill that are above 100 percent
no I am not kidding and there was an
attempted suicide bombing in New York
plus a bunch of the old Donald Trump
accusers are back and better than ever
we'll talk about all of these things but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at texture so in the era
of digital journalism and the era of
attention spans that lasts approximately
0.77 30 seconds somewhere in that
neighborhood what you actually want is
in-depth journalism a lot of the time
and the only folks doing that
unfortunately are some of the folks in
the magazine business well that's what
texture is for the texture app gives you
unlimited access to 200 premium
magazines
it has titles like Time the Atlantic The
New Yorker Vanity Fair and Wired if
you're watching The New Yorker coverage
of all of the sexual harassment sexual
assault allegations out of Hollywood it
was the New Yorker doing all of the
heavy lifting the Atlantic has a lot of
very in-depth articles about foreign
policy that are really fascinating and
instead of you having to pay for a
separate subscription for each one of
these magazines instead the texture app
allows you unlimited access to 200 of
them to help inform entertain inspire
you this winter and right now you can
try texture for free
well you have to do is go to texture
calm slash Ben and you can start your
free trial there if you choose to
continue and my podcast listeners watch
to get texture for just $9.99 a month
which is 30% off they're listed price
you get it less expensive than it would
normally be textured calm / ben if
you're addicted to information you're
stuck in the car you don't know what to
do well if you have your text your app
number you don't ever have to be bored
again plus you can learn all the time
texture calm / Ben this texture calm /
Ben use that free trial and then keep
using and they'll they'll give you the
$9.99 a month deal which is again 30%
off their normal price texture calm /
Ben we use it in our house I use it my
wife uses it it's fantastic product ok
so we begin today with this attempted
terror attack in New York City so here
is the latest there's a guy who
basically was intending apparently on
carrying a pipe bomb onto a bus instead
his crudely put together pipe bomb burst
in his pants so that's about as well as
these things can end hopefully he lost
his ability to copulate
you know that'd be the best that I hope
would happen to him but he did you lost
oh that's good so he so he has removed
himself from Darwin's pool so that is
excellent the according to CBS New York
a suspect carrying a crudely assembled
improvised bomb is now in custody
following a blast in the underground
walkway between Times Square and the
Port Authority bus terminal on Monday
morning the blast happened around 7:20
a.m. during morning rush hour three
other people suffered minor injuries
that are not considered life-threatening
the other three transported themselves
to area hospitals so that means they're
not too badly off they can transport
themselves they'd symptoms like ringing
ears the suspect has now been identified
as a Cayenne Ola 27 was wearing an
improvised explosive device according to
police commissioner James O'Neill I'm
shocked I thought for sure was gonna be
Bob Smith Morman out of Utah but it
turns out it was a kya hua
from Bangladesh he'd been living in
Brooklyn since 2011 he had a visa he
came in with his parents and three to
four siblings so eh a migration and
subsequently obtained a green card and
became a permanent US residents so
making sure that all of president
Trump's points about the freedom of our
immigration system are approved in one
story then this fellow decided to join
up with Isis apparently he made
statements that he was inspired by Isis
the pictures do not look good for this
guy he's a youngster 27 and again he is
a lost his um his manhood so that's
exciting
he was rushed to Bellevue Hospital with
non-life threatening injuries he
suffered burns to his hands and abdomen
the device was affixed to his body with
velcro and zip ties according to anneal
it had wires protruding from it the poor
construction caused a flash of the
explosive component but there are no
serious shrapnel injuries consistent
with a traditional pipe bomb so this guy
was gonna be a suicide bomber the first
suicide bomber in the United States
really since 9/11
federal law enforcement officials said
the device malfunction it did not fully
detonate there was the second device
found on him according to Representative
Peter King he may have been inspired by
Isis he could have been inspired by
al-qaeda that he was the very least
inspired by Islamic Islamic terrorism it
could turn out as part of a larger plot
we don't know at this point well what
the what the full story is they had shut
down the Times Square entrance to the
subway because of the terror attack but
they will be reopening it I believe
momentarily so that one ends about as
well as that one can and president Trump
has not sweeted about it yet I'm certain
that it will be
about immigration which makes perfect
sense because again this guy came in
from Bangladesh with his family and then
he was allowed to get a green card we
don't know why his parents were allowed
in the country what connections they had
if any what their story is but clearly
our vetting system is somewhat flawed
okay well all of that is happening
president Trump is going at it with the
media and rightly so so last week we
talked about this crazy story out of CNN
where CNN reported that there had been
an email that was sent to the Trump
campaign September fourth I believe it
was and the email supposedly contained a
an encrypted key to WikiLeaks documents
which would've been a shocking story
right it would have looked like actual
collusion like the WikiLeaks people were
working with the Trump campaign showing
them documents that they had stolen from
the DNC and then turned them over to the
Trump campaign for use in the campaign
shocking story except it turns out
number one it's not clear that there's a
real email number two it's not clear
anyone from the Trump administration
know but at number three and most
importantly the date of the email was
not September 4th it was September 14th
the emails were actually released
between those two dates so now it was an
encrypted key sent two emails that had
already been released publicly so the
media ran with this it was a head of CNN
it was on top of all the media outlets
it was it was it was all over the place
and then there was a story over the
weekend where David Weigel who was a
reporter over at The Washington Post he
put out a he put out a tweet that was a
picture of Trump's rally in Tuscaloosa
Florida and it was a picture of
basically an empty setting and he was
suggesting that no one showed up for
Trump turns out that was false the
entire stadium was full and so Trump
began tweeting about it here is what
President Trump tweeted about the media
he tweeted very little discussion of all
of the purposefully false and defamatory
stories put out this week by the fake
news media they're out of control
correct reporting means nothing to them
major lies written then forced to be
withdrawn after they exposed a stain on
America you want to know why nobody
believes the media because the media do
a job like this and I'm to remember who
made this point but it's a good point it
wasn't me but the point is a good one
and that is that all of the errors are
in one direction there's never an error
in journalism that actually has an
impact on Democrats right the errors in
journalism always hurt the Republicans
and so you have to think that this has
something to do with the bias in the
media right why go who is from what I
can tell a nice guy has dealt with him a
little bit but he's certainly of the
left I mean he was part
the so-called journalist on which
several years ago this would've been
like 2012 2011 in which Weigel was part
of this list of journalists who were
kind of talking about stories all of
them from a left-wing perspective Trump
at his rally talked about the fake news
and he said they are not spending any
time talking about the economy which is
also true he said things are going
really well for our economy tweeted this
out the subject the fake news spends as
little time as possible discussing stock
market hit another record high
unemployment is now at a 17-year low
companies are coming back into the u.s.
a really good news and much more to come
all of this is true right unemployment
is at a 17-year low the stock market is
in another record high and a lot of that
is due to the feeling not that President
Trump is necessarily getting huge things
done but the President Trump is not
going to threaten the economy one of the
reasons money sits on the sidelines is
uncertainty anyone in economics will
tell you uncertainty is not good for the
economy Trump does not actually create
economic uncertainty because again if
Trump is gonna do anything it's very
likely to benefit business not to harm
business the same was not true for
President Obama
so Trump is right the media spent very
little time talking about the economy
now to be fair to the media a little bit
President Trump doesn't spend a ton of
time talking about the economy either
but it is also true that the media go
out of their way to pick stories that
are not good for President Trump
Dave why go by the way came out and
apologized for having sent all of this
for have it for having sent this tweet
with the empty stadium after Trump came
out and criticized him personally and
suggested that he might be fired I
harass Wagle apologizing sure thing I
apologized I deleted the photo after
David Martok schoo told me I'd gotten it
wrong I was confused by the image of you
walking in the bottom right hand corner
it was a bad sweet on my personal
account not a story for the Washington
Post I deleted it after like 20 minutes
very fair to call me out everything I
say on Twitter is a joke except when I
say about swim 24 inches I think another
reporter in any case Michael handles
that like a man and that's the way you
should handle it when you make a mistake
so good for why go but the bottom line
is that no matter how much the media and
now attempt to walk it back the
overwhelming feeling that the media are
out to get Trump has a pretty
significant effect on how people see
politics and that means that they are
less likely to believe outlets that are
not on their side means that there even
if there are outlets on their side they
may believe that those outlets are
quote-unquote out to get politicians if
the politicians have been victimized by
the media before and
this is not good it's not good for the
media it's not good for politics it's
not good for the soul of the American
people Trump is not wrong again to
attack the media on a routine basis
media have attacked Trump on a routine
basis however the Trump's attacks on the
media are just polarizing politics even
more I wish that Trump would restrict
his attacks on media to things like the
CNN thing I think that when when Trump
attacks the media fairly I'm on his side
when he attacks it unfairly I am not on
his side but the bottom line is this is
the backdrop to the entire political
conversation we're having the reason
this is important is because now we are
involved in a in a knock-down drag-out
race in Alabama and how people are
voting in Alabama is impacted largely by
their view of the media I would suggest
that if you take - if you ask a couple
of poll questions poll question number
one how many people think that Roy Moore
is innocent and probe question number
two how many people trust the media I
would suggest that exactly the same
people who say they have no trust in the
media think Roy Moore is innocent
meaning that it's not really about Roy
Moore being innocent it's about distrust
in the media distrust of the narrative
the suggestion that Roy Moore is being
unfairly targeted and the problem is
that any resistance to Moore by anyone
is now going to be linked up by the same
people who tribute this to media they're
going to say that anyone who decides
against Moore is now part of the media
establishment part of the media Elise
and one of those people is Richard
Shelby Richard Shelby's the senior
Republican in Alabama in the Senate and
he says that he did not vote for Roy
Moore he already voted he wrote right he
voted right in you're gonna wake up on
Wednesday and one of these two men Roy
Moore or Doug Jones is going to be your
fellow senator from Alabama which one
would you rather deal with on a
professional level
well I don't have to answer that
question today I I had rather see
another Republican in there and I'm
gonna stay with that story I'm not going
to vote for the Democrat I didn't vote
for the Democrat or advocate for the
Democrat but I couldn't vote for Roy
Moore the state of Alabama deserves
better I think we we've got a lot of
great Republicans that could have won
and carried the state beautifully and
served in the Senate honorably and I
think that there's a lot of truth to
what Richard Shelby is saying here the
problem is once again people have bought
into the narrative fight and once they
bought into the narrative
they're not gonna snap out of it so
there are two polls out today on Alabama
poll number one from Fox News has the
Doug Jones up 10 points in Alabama poll
number two I believe there's a Marist
Poll suggest that Doug Jones is down 9
points in Alabama it's very difficult
for the pollsters to actually gauge what
exactly the election tomorrow is gonna
look like it could really go either way
the reason for that is you can't model
turnout in a special election number two
this issue has really polarized the
electorate and it's not clear who
exactly is going to show up to vote and
number three the media attention on the
race means that different people may
show up to vote so the pollsters are
having a very difficult time figuring
out exactly how this race is going to go
bottom line is it could go either way at
this point it's not clear that Jones is
gonna win it's not clear that Moore is
gonna lose all of that said it would not
surprise me in the slightest if more
were to win especially given again that
polarization that I'm talking about the
media every attack by the media on Roy
Moore is seen by Roy Moore supporters as
a media attack not as an element of
truth and that's exacerbated by the fact
that Barack Obama now cut a robocall ad
in favor of Doug Jones in Alabama that
is not smart Barack Obama should have
stayed out this in state that is
two-thirds Republican attacking Roy
Moore by Barack Obama is not going to be
helpful it may drive up Democrats it may
talk about Democrats a little bit but
it's gonna drive out Republicans far
more you would think President Trump is
also issuing robo calls in the more
racing he's getting very active in the
more race I think there's another reason
why by the way that is happening I think
there's another reason why Trump is
pushing more in this race and I'll tell
you why in just a second first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Zeile so there's very few things in life
where you can really feel wealthy
without having to be wealthy Zeile is
one of those things so Zeile is a mobile
massage one-stop shop basically so Zeile
is an app you booked a 5-star
top-quality massage at a time that works
for you
in your home so you had a rough day you
hurt yourself working out you'll hurt
yourself at work you come home and the
seal app allows you to order miss who's
basically on demand and these are all
licensed masseuses they have over 9,000
9,000 of them nationally go to Zeile
calm or on zeals iPhone or Android app
it's ze
Elcom you select from top local licensed
pre-screened massage therapists and
choose your favorite technique gender
preference time and location for your
massage they'll send again one of those
9,000 licensed masseuses with a massage
music everything you need to turn your
living room into a spa give you a five
start massage we've used it in our
family I've used seal my wife has use
deal
both my parents have used seal my
in-laws of use deal it's a very popular
thing in our family makes for a great
holiday gift to like you want to make
somebody's Christmas then just give them
a gift card or order a massage for them
it really does make a terrific gift to
help you get started our listeners right
now you get $25 off their first massage
by using the promo code Bennett at
checkout again this 25 bucks off your
first massage when you use promo code
been and check out it gets better as
well sign up for zeals massage
membership you got 20% off all your
massages plus a free massage table and
sheet set a $380 value yours free
there's no initiation fee to join the
membership just this terrific additional
savings on top of that $25 discount
you're already gonna get when you use my
promo code bed go to zeal ze Elcom or on
zeals iPhone or Android app make sure to
click add promo code at checkout to use
my code Ben got $25 off your first
in-home on-demand massage again zeal is
it's just fantastic it'll definitely
help you get in good with the inlaws and
the relatives if you are if you are
seeking to do that zeal ze Elcom and use
that promo code Ben okay so president
Trump is now pushing Roy Moore in the
robo call now I think this has to do
with more than just the Alabama Race and
I'll explain that in just a few minutes
here but first I think that it's clear
first let's play Trump's Robo call for
more so here's his Robo call for more
that's now playing Alabama Donald and I
need Alabama to go votes to Roy Moore it
is so important we're already making
America great again I'm going to make
America safer and stronger and better
than ever before but we need that seat
we need Roy voting for us
okay so Trump is of course making it
about the extra vote and it's true this
seat is important for Republicans but
there's something else that's going on
more than this okay and I'll tell you
what that is in just a second but first
one more see he's now changing his story
again now he says he never molested
anyone he had said always that he never
molested anyone but he had said that he
never knew any of the he'd said that he
knew some of the women then he said he
didn't know any of the women so now he's
