Republicans sending mixed signals on the
budget john bolton joins the trump
administration and we do a tour of the
mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
so much to get to today a lot of news is
breaking the National Security Adviser
general McMaster HR McMaster is out John
Bolton the former ambassador to the UN
under the Bush administration is in the
budget is in complete flux we'll talk a
little about guns and we have the
mailbag plus a special interview with a
special guest a little bit later in the
program in the things I like segments
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club so
you need the comfort of a good shave not
only do you need the comfortable to
shave you need to smell good right you
need the shampoos you need the body
washes you need the toothpaste but you
don't really want to go to the market
and shop around for that kind of stuff
instead what you would be really
grateful for is just a box arriving at
your front door with all this stuff and
you never have to think about it again
well that's what Dollar Shave Club is
for it is more than just razors it is
better than shopping in a store Dollar
Shave Club delivers everything you need
to look smell and feel your best champ
Oh Body Wash toothpaste and of course
the best razors I have ever used
we in the Jewish community sometimes use
razors below the chin line but it's it
really is a fantastic straightedge I get
an amazing high-quality shave every
morning for my Dollar Shave Club
executive razor the true hero of any
morning routine of course is there dr.
Carver's shave butter which is
tremendous and ensures you don't get
that awful razor burn they also deliver
everything directly to you of course and
for this great experience all you have
to do is join Dollar Shave Club today
for just 5 bucks with free shipping you
get that six blade executive razor plus
trial sizes of shave butter body
cleanser and of course the fabled one
white but Charlie's at the butt wipes
then keep the blades coming for a few
bucks more per month get yours at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben there's a
reason there's such a fast growing
company because their products are
awesome dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben
use that slash Ben so you get that
special deal again for five bucks you
get free shipping six six blade
executive razor and the trial sizes of
the shave butter the body cleanser and
the one way of Charlie's and then for a
few bucks more month that ensures that
you keep getting all of those things
arriving in your mailbox so it's just
great Dollar Shave Club common and use
the slash pens they know that we sent
you okay so we begin today with the
latest on the budget so the budget has
passed in the Senate the budget passed
in the Senate by a vote of 65 to 32 it
passed overwhelmingly in the House by
252 to 174 or something like that there
are a lot of Republicans we're very
unhappy with this budget I am among
those Republicans unhappy with this
budget I called it yesterday on the
program of crap sandwich that's because
every
bus is by definition a crap sandwich
it's why it's an omnibus the whole
purpose of an omnibus is to put a bunch
of stuff you like in there with a bunch
of stuff you don't and then say to folks
if you don't vote for this bill you're
voting against all the good things right
you're voting down all the goodies
yesterday we went through how the bill
doesn't cover anything for the border
wall essentially how it doesn't do
anything about daca how the how the bill
continues to ensure the Planned
Parenthood gets funded it doesn't remove
any of the Obamacare regulations there's
a bunch to really dislike about the bill
what's there to like about the bill is
that there is a a push in the bill for
greater military funding which of course
is necessary after the Obama years in
which we slashed our military pretty
dramatically so that is good but now
confusion is broken out so there are a
bunch of Republicans who of course were
very upset about this Ted Cruz was very
upset about this Mike Lee was very upset
about it
you know the Rand Paul was was quite
upset about the usual suspects in the
Senate who you would rely upon to be
upset about a budget-busting 1.3 billion
dot trillion dollar bill those people
were very upset about it predictably
enough but they weren't able to stop in
the Senate and rolls through with 65
votes
almost veto-proof majority so Trump
immediately comes out and says maybe he
will veto it what's weird about this of
course is that that's not what he's been
saying a day before so here's what he
tweeted tonight quote I am considering a
veto of the omnibus spending bill based
on the fact that the 800,000 Plus daca
recipients have not been totally
abandoned by the Democrats not even
mentioned in Bell and the border law
which is desperately needed for our
national defense is not fully funded so
a few things about the suite number one
it's fascinating that he's saying that
he wants to veto the omnibus spending
bill based on the fact that daca isn't
taken care of the deck wasn't solved so
several times in three separate times
there was an attempt to make a deal
during this bill negotiation with regard
to data and the what the Trump
administration offered was and what Paul
Ryan offered was three years of
continuation of daca people could still
sign up as dreamers for daca three years
of continuation of daca but not final
status negotiations on the people who
are actually here you know it's not a
pathway to citizenship for them they
just could stay here for three more
years for three years of wall funding
and the Democrats turned that one down
flat they instead suggested that they
wanted full legalization of 1.8 million
illegal immigrants well Trump had
already basically offered that right
like a few weeks ago he offered twenty
five billion dollars in Wall funding
plus n-2 chain migration and a few other
goodies in exchange for legalizing 1.8
million dreamers Nathan weren't able to
come to an agreement and now Trump is
saying the Democrats walked away from
the table there is some truth to that
but he has a Republican majority so why
isn't the border wall just being funded
why isn't the border wall just being
funded if the border wall funding were
in there there's no question it passes
the house right Trump's able to stump up
enough support that he gets that through
and it's weird to me that Republicans
aren't passing it it's also weird to me
that that Trump is now threatening to
veto considering that 24 hours ago he
was saying the reverse here's what
here's what from tweeted yesterday quote
got 1.6 billion to start while and
southern border rest will be forthcoming
most importantly that 700 billion to
rebuild our military 716 billion next
year most ever had to waste money on Tim
giveaways in order to take care of
military pay increase a new equipment a
couple things one military pay increase
already went into effect I think a
couple months ago but beyond that this
is a very Pro omnibus package tweet all
right this is Trump saying I like the
omnibus package we even got a little bit
of wall funding well number one Mexico
ain't paying for the wall gang and this
is gonna be up to Trump and the
Republicans to do it but it's it's
fascinating to see how Trump flipped on
this and his own bill right within 24
hours literally yesterday Mick Mulvaney
his head of Office of Management and
Budget he came out and he said listen
Trump isn't gonna veto this we may not
like the bill very much but Trump isn't
gonna veto and so here's what Mulvaney
had to say let's cut right to the chase
is the president going to sign the bill
the answer is yes why because it funds
his priorities we've talked for the last
I don't know three four five six months
about trying to get the president's
priorities funded and this omnibus bill
does that so all things considered when
we look at the bill we have to weigh
what we asked for and what we had to
give away to give it is it perfect
no is it exactly what we asked for in
the budget no were we ever going to get
that no that's not how the process works
it's a weird strategy which suggests
it's not strategic why is it a weird
strategy because if you were going to
threaten to veto something wouldn't you
do it before the Republicans vote for it
so you get your entire party on record
voting for a bill you then threaten to
veto what like how is that even logical
how does that make any sort of political
sense now
if Trump actually did veto it it would
be a sign that maybe Trump actually
wants to get involved in the
policy-making process but it also means
that it's very difficult for anybody to
know what he's going to do Trump always
says that he wants to be unpredictable
with regard to his enemies well you
can't be unpredictable with regard with
regard to your allies put aside the fact
that he's right that the bills bad the
question is why didn't you say this a
week ago
why didn't throw he go to Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan say listen I
don't like this bill I'm gonna veto it
if you pass it so to make some changes
why didn't he throw his weight on the
side of the house freedom caucus and how
is it helpful for him to jump in late
when opinion turns against the bill and
then take the legs out from underneath
his own party if you're Paul Ryan you're
Mitch McConnell and you're sitting
around going listen we went to the White
House we updated them every step on this
negotiation and they said fine and now
they're killing us hey how do you trust
the President to have your back if the
president doesn't have your back
it is a serious problem for Republicans
in Congress now again it's a separate
issue from whether Trump is right about
the bill the bill sucks he's right today
he was wrong yesterday hey the bill is
not good the bill should not have passed
the bill should have been pared down
Republicans need to do better and this
is what the freedom caucus is there for
in the house they do a great job trying
to push back against some of these
spending priorities and then hopefully
get a few concessions on the way one
other note about the budget before we
move on
everybody's always worried about the
amount of spending in the budget oh 1.3
trillion dollars in 150 billion dollar
increase in non-defense discretionary
spending and all the rest that is not
what's bankrupting the country hey the
non-defense discretionary spending is
bad I hate it it's my tax dollars and I
am paying an awful lot of money to the
federal government and taxes but that is
not actually what is creating our
deficits what is creating our deficits
are Medicaid Medicare and Social
Security those are the things that are
driving our deficits these structural
entitlement programs we are spending
hundreds of billions of dollars a year
on trillions of dollars but it's two
dudes literally two thirds of the
federal budget that stuff is not even
discretionary right that's written into
law it's mandatory spending when there's
a government shutdown people still get
their Social Security checks so that's
what needs to be restructured so you
know if it were if they give over the
case that we're trading this omnibus
package in favor of an entitlement
reform like Paul Ryan says listen I just
want to title that reform will pass this
budget so we don't have to spend our
political capital here but entitlement
reforms next on the docket I'd make that
trade in a heartbeat
and that is not the trade that's being
made the reason people are upset is
because they feel like Republicans
promised for years and years and years
that they care about the spending and
it's pretty obvious that Republicans do
not in fact care deeply about the
spending okay so another big
administration news the National
Security Adviser
a chart McMaster is out this has been
rumored for legitimately half a year one
of the things that was really funny is
that last week Trump tweeted out that HR
McMaster was completely securing his job
he also tweeted out that one of his
lawyers a guy named John Dowd was
completely secure in his job and then
that guy left the media had reported
both of them were on the outs Trump of
course has fake news it turns out that
was not fake news because when Trump
says fake news it's only fake news like
40% of the time well the guy who is
replacing HR McMaster McMaster was sort
of a foreign policy policy establishment
guy he's somebody who believed in sort
of real politique balance of power he
tended to be relatively a kind of
weirdly interventionist in certain areas
and non-interventionist another he was
he had kind of a squishy view of the
Iran deal
John Bolton's views are extraordinarily
clear John Bolton is the person who I'd
wanted for Secretary of State I think
he'd be better in that role than his NSA
but I'm happy to have him inside the
administration Bolton of course was
ambassador to the UN under george w bush
he is not a neocon and people have said
that he's in neocon he is not to define
neocon they're really two definitions of
neocon definition number one is the
historical definition which is somebody
who is a lefty during the 1960s and then
realized the errors of their ways they
were in the in the popular phrase mugged
by reality and became more conservative
it was a specific movement of very
heavily Jewish people in the 1960s like
urban crystal and and Daniel Bell who's
not Jewish was a member of these these
were the neo cons in the 1970s the
people had shifted over to the other
side Bolton was always a conservative so
from by that definition he's not a
neocon the other definition that's used
is about people like Paul Wolfowitz who
are very into nation-building the idea
that we're supposed to go into a rock
knock over Saddam and then stay there
and build up the nation that was
actually not something that Bolton
suggested doing he said we had to get
rid of Saddam because Saddam was funding
terrorism and pursuing weapons of mass
destruction according to every
Intelligence Agency on earth but that
doesn't mean that we shouldn't have
turned the country back over to the
Iraqis as soon as humanly possible
instead of sticking around and pouring
hundreds of thousands of more troops in
there so he's been called a
nation-building neocon for a while and
that's not true he was he wasn't in
favor of the Arab Spring for his
Apple he's not averse to leaving
American allies who happen to be
dictators in power he was in favor of
leaving Hosny Mubarak and power in Egypt
so he is not a democracy first neocon in
that sense so people are
mischaracterizing in the situation
democrats of course are going nuts over
this Chris Matthews I don't know they
say the jump button got you just leave
that mustache that jump boat now get
over here rub my hair suits on wrinkled
he's rolling here a good show jump book
that guy even has a mustache though okay
I said my wife Kathleen you even like
mustache she said no MSNBC how about go
mr. Hawkes because he promised a working
men and women of those states that voted
for him the gritty factory workers and
other people who didn't like these worse
because their kids do all the fighting
and getting killed and losing their legs
and everything else he said to them no
more stupid Wars now he brings in the
godfather of stupid Wars john bolton
anyway the congressman has been with us
thank you so much Eric so of California
he's got by they stupid wise John but
who's John buttons Paul jumbles like
Under Secretary of State for Near East
affairs or something like at the time so
again the idea that john bolton was the
architect of the iraq war is just not
true it is not true he was in favor of a
broader Syrian intervention I want to go
through John Bolton's record a little
bit and and in a minute I'm gonna go
through his record and rather fulsome
fashion will discuss what his actual
views are and how they will impact the
administration whether we should be
worried about him but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Tommy John so spring has sprung which
means it is time for a little spring
cleaning which means go into your
underwear drawer take out all the
underwear that have the holes in them
and the elastic that no longer holds up
take them throw them in the garbage and
now go get the mind-blowing comfort of
Tommy John hey Tommy John is committed
to providing unparalleled comfort not
only in their undergarments but in all
of their incredible apparel so first of
all their underwear are just tremendous
I mean the design on the underwear is
the best underwear on the market and
these things last I mean you put them in
the wash over and over and over and it
is totally fine they come out basically
the same as they went in it's the best
pair you will ever wear or it's free and
they have that as a guarantee if it's
not the most comfortable underwear your
that I have ever worn or you have ever
worn then Tommy John will foot the bill
for the underwear and they make socks
that stay up all day undershirts that
never come untucked reimagine t-shirts
Tommy John has all of these things so
check it out and right now if you go to
Tommy John calm slash up here you get
20% off
your first order that Tommy John calm
slash capiro for 20% off the most
comfortable clothing items imaginable
Tommy John comm / Shapiro you know the
the underwear eliminates bunching it
eliminates the the riding up it's it's
designed in in a different way hey I
don't want to give away all the secrets
of the time we draw on underwear because
it gets into uncomfortable territory for
listeners but let me just tell you that
Tommy John is Tommy John's underwear are
unparalleled in their comfort and their
ease so check it out over at Tommy John
comm /up hero 20% off your first order
try it and again it's not the best pair
you've ever worn it's free so Tommy
John's comm slash apparel 20% off the
most comfortable clothing items that you
will ever wear Tommy John comm slash
appear again use that slash apparel so
they know that we say ok so what exactly
is John Bolton's actual record so here's
an editorial that he wrote in 2012 about
the situation in Syria what he said was
as hostilities in Syria roll on unabated
the civilian casualties rise because of
combat operations in urban areas and
execution-style killings in response
calls for US military intervention of
one sort or another continue to aid the
opposition increase while the Obama
administration did there's over whether
to continue relying on the UN Security
Council and former UN Secretary General
Kofi Annan but what our America's
interests at stake and what is the best
way to protect them although it is easy
to concentrate on the stomach churning
in television images we should operate
on the basis of strategy not emotion
that doesn't mean doing nothing but
neither doesn't mean knee-jerk reactions
