parkland survivor David Hogg goes after
Laura engrams advertiser's the media
seek to bar conservatives on any grounds
possible and we check the mailbag i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
alright well we have a lot to get to I
want to talk a lot about what's been
going on with Laura Ingraham and this
Astroturf boycott by Media Matters and
why it has nothing to do with civility
or distance II and has everything to do
with politics we'll go through all of it
in just one second first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at policy
genius so life insurance is one of those
things that you really don't like
thinking about you don't like talking
about it because it suggests that one
day you're gonna die well I have news to
break to you we all will and when that
day comes you want to make sure that
your family is taking care of four out
of ten people in the United States do
not have life insurance you might be one
of those people but life insurance rates
right now are the lowest they have been
in twenty years and the best place to
buy is policy genius calm in just five
minutes you can compare quotes from over
15 life insurance providers and when you
compare quotes you're gonna get a better
product a cheaper product that's how
competition works
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance and placed
over 20 billion dollars in coverage
they don't just insure life of course
they insure everything else they insure
health insurance disability insurance
pet insurance renter's insurance all of
it
so if you've been putting off getting
life insurance there's no reason to do
that
like really you shouldn't wait until
something terrible happens and your
family is left in ruins instead you
should insure that they are taken care
of go to policy genius com get quotes
apply in minutes it is that easy you get
it taken care of in half an hour and
you're done you can do it right now
their rates are their lowest in 20 years
right policy genius.com it's the easy
way to compare and buy life insurance
just takes a couple of minutes and you
can get it done policy genius.com the
best way to ensure that your family is
safe and secure in case something
terrible should happen again policy
genius.com
all right so the big story over the last
24 hours has been that many advertisers
have now dropped at laura ingraham show
on fox news and the reason they dropped
laura ingraham show is because she
tweeted something out yesterday which we
discussed in which she suggested i'm
gonna quote her directly she said david
hog rejected by four colleges to which
he applied and whines about it we played
the clip of david hog who is the
Parkland shooting survivor who's
obviously made a name for himself saying
pretty vicious things on television
about Second Amendment advocates Dana
lash Gio Peters he's he's been pretty
brutal to everyone who disagrees with
him and he's wanted to have it both ways
David hog and again there's not a
criticism of his right to speak
obviously he has the right to speak and
he should speak however much you want
and this isn't a criticism of his status
as a survivor
obviously something awful that never
should
happened to anybody of decency happened
to David Hagen that's awful and
unforgivable but he's now in the
political debate and that means that
there's some slings and arrows that come
with the political debate I know this
okay when I was 17 years old the same
age as David hog I started writing a
syndicated column and I got clubbed
about the ears for it and a lot of that
was deserved because guess what at 17
you don't know everything and sometimes
your perspectives are wrong and if you
join in the political debate then it is
open season on your politics and by the
way it's not to not to be liked insults
are bad people saying silly stupid
things about you that's that's nasty but
it does happen on a relatively regular
basis okay for years I was called the
virgin been in the left-wing press okay
that is not a joke from the time I was
17 there there were people who were
calling me the virgin bed because
obviously I was a nerd who had never had
sex and I was proud about the fact that
I hadn't had sex and I was a virgin
until I was married but I was called the
virgin Ben not once did I ever call for
the people who are calling me the virgin
Ben to lose their advertising base and
my retaliatory response was always okay
let's talk about ideas or you're an
idiot
okay that's the way that politics works
David hog however called immediately for
an advertiser boycott on Laura Ingraham
and all these advertisers complied a lot
of advertisers comply with this stuff
because they're afraid that they don't
really want the controversy they're
concerned that any controversy
associated with their product is gonna
hurt their sales the reality is these
boycotts don't really work very well
when they tried to an actual boycott
against chick-fil-a for example it
failed immediately and I remember just a
few weeks ago months ago when Karen
Coffey was was bullied into dropping
Sean Hannity as an advertiser Sean
fought back and Keurig reinstated their
advertisement within like a week so all
this talk about advertiser is really
feeling the impact of politics it's just
not true people don't not buy products
because they don't like the the programs
that advertisers advertise on right
secondary boycotts generally do not work
that's worth noting but one of the
questions I want to ask here is what is
this boycott against Laura really about
she's come out and apologized now so if
you said that it was about civility if
you said it's about decency she
shouldn't have said what she said I
don't think she should have said what
she said either right so that yesterday
on the show but if you think this
boycott is about civility or decency you
got another thing coming because now
she's apologized okay
status quo ante restored right we're all
supposed to be cordial with the parkland
survivors which we should be we should
be decent with the Parkland survivors
which we should be I have been
very focused on doing that throughout
this entire entire horrible mess that's
happened in the aftermath of an even
more horrible horrible incident
obviously but decent use restored right
well not right because after Laura
Ingraham apologized David hog said I
want to continue to boycott Laura
Ingraham Ray said I want to continue to
boycott Laura Ingraham so here is hog
rejecting Laura Ingram's apology that
they cannot push us around especially
when we're all we're trying to do here
is save lives and when people try to
distract like Laura's trying to do right
now from what the real issue here is
which is gun violence in America it's
not only sad it's just wrong from a
journalistic standpoint I would say that
she needs to be more objective and needs
to stand down because I am not the issue
here
the issue needs to be gun violence in
America but what she's trying to do is
to distract from that ok well the boy
okay first of all I seriously doubt that
David hog hates the attention I think
that you know when it comes to him
pushing a boycott that's that's
successfully working I think against
luring rooms advertisers I really doubt
that David hog laments that and and as
far as who's taking us off focus on the
gun control stuff you know none of this
has to do with gun control or shouldn't
said what she said hog shouldn't have
made an issue out of it it's really like
none of this really has to do with gun
control or saving lives pretty clearly I
don't know what he means when he says
that Laura should be more objective
she's obviously conservative and she
says so even Allison camerata jumps in
at that point and says well she's not an
objective
host that's not him just rejecting her
apology here's its clip three where hug
rejected Ingram's apology he said I 100%
agree in apologies and effort just to
save your advertisers is not enough I
will only accept your apology only if if
you denounce the way your network has
treated my friends and I in this fight
it's time to love thy neighbor not
mudslinging children okay so this tweet
is really telling okay what hog is doing
here is wildly inappropriate first of
all he doesn't have to accept our
apology you never have to accept an
apology but if we're gonna pretend that
this is some sort of principled non
acceptance of an apology it is it is
clearly not right when he says the Emma
knees thanking he's thanking all of the
advertisers that are dropping Laura
Ingraham because he likes the fact that
he's wielding this sort of power against
Ingram for engaging in what is by any
sort of political standard rather mild
stuff ray he's tweeting at her
hashtag shut up and be objective and be
objective it go back to the original
tweet for just a second
the first one right so he's when he says
here it's time to love thy neighbor not
mudslinging at children two things that
David hog is saying here again none of
this is an attack on hog as a person
right hog might be a fine upstanding
person although I think that his
behavior here is really questionable and
I think that his behavior for the last
couple of weeks in labeling all of his
enemies evil has been really quite vile
but maybe he's it maybe he's a good
person okay he seems like a smart kid
okay but this last line is time to love
thy neighbor not mudslinging children
once you step out in the public debate
and you start speaking publicly on
issues of consequence you no longer get
to hide behind the title child that Kyle
cashew who is a classmate of hogs in any
younger class then David hog right I
don't think the Kyle is Kyle's not a
senior I think he's a sophomore right
Kyle
yeah or junior Kyle came out he said you
don't get to pretend you're a child and
then at the same time say that you're an
adult you ought to be ruling the world
with regards to these policies and when
it comes to David hog saying you ought
to love thy neighbor and that he's
standing up for civility again I'm not
defending Laura's comment I'm not saying
she shouldn't have apologized I am
saying that David hog pretending to be
an advocate of civility is is pretty
astonishing and launching a boycott on
behalf of civility as David hog is
pretty astonishing because here are all
the things that David hog has said just
in the last two weeks about his
political opponents is clip ten pathetic
because I want to keep telling our
children they could have blood from
children splattered all over their faces
and they wouldn't take action because
they all still see those dollar signs
I'm gonna start off by putting this
price tag right here as a reminder for
you guys to know how much Marco Rubio
took for every students life in Florida
one dollar and five cents okay I mean do
you think that's unnecessarily
provocative no I think it's not enough
per bag I don't think it's even
provocative enough when your old parents
like I don't know how to send an
iMessage you know just like give me the
phone sadly that's what we have to do
with our government because our parents
don't know how to use a mock recei so we
have to what Dana's trying to do the I
believe she's the CEO of the NRA she's
trying to distract people if you listen
to her talk she's the national
spokeswoman for the NR exactly she owns
these congressmen she can get them to do
things it's just she doesn't care about
these children's lives it just makes me
think what's sick
they don't want to continue to sell more
guns murder more children and honor so
just get reelected what type of person
are you when you want to see more money
than children's lives how what type of
person does that if you can't get
elected without taking money from child
murderers why are you running with rick
Scott it's like when I get elected to
Senate we're not gonna let that happen
and that's the great thing about it
because those aren't gonna get reelected
when you start hearing from your
political aides that there's a load of
angry future voters you start to worry
okay love the neighbor love that okay
I'm sorry you don't get to play the love
that neighbor card when this has been
your stick for the last couple of weeks
okay you really don't
it just doesn't wash so what's the
boycott really about the boycott of
course is about politics it's about
political opponents of Loras who see an
opening and now they're gonna Club her
right because this is how Media Matters
operates this is how the left operates
with their boycott tactics that if
somebody makes a boo-boo then no apology
is sufficient and they will jump in and
they will attempt to remove your
advertising base and you can see this
from the way that the media continued to
treat this entire issue so over on MSNBC
right the MSNBC panel says that Laura
Ingraham is using she's losing
advertisers over her casual cruelty
right MSNBC is jumping on this because
MSNBC is a Fox News competitor this is
all political to pretend this is not
political is to ignore reality obviously
you don't
business Laura Ingraham because of her
easy and casual cruelty that she
inflicts out on people on a daily basis
and again to John Heilemann point what
you see is another example of an adult
acting terribly okay and what you're
seeing here is what the media have done
and they've been doing this since the
shooting and I object to it what they've
done is they've taken these kids who
really don't necessarily know anything
about gun control they have an evidence
tremendous knowledge about the issue and
they are using them as stand-ins for
their own opinion and then if those kids
opinions are attacked the media jumps
out in front says hey how dare you
attack these kids and the media is
pretty much admitting this right brian
Stelter on CNN says listen we're not
treating these kids as we would treat
any other guest in our program we're not
calling them when they say things that
are blatantly factually erroneous right
he was questioned about this by a c-cup
on CNN Headline News is clip 11 here's
Stelter explaining yeah we don't ask
them real questions we just have them
come out and tried out their political
point of view and then if anybody
attacks their political point of view
then we basically say those people are
bad people when I was interviewing David
hog
ten days after the massacre there were a
few times I wanted to jump in and say
let's let's correct that fact and that
one of the times I did and other times I
did not and you know there's always that
balance because this is a victim out on
one hand who is entitled to his own
emotional response yeah but at the same
time as news people when we hear
something to monstre bleah untrue right
you want to go in and say when you
called a dilash center a CEO interrupted
and corrected that but there are other
times when I think all of us can agree
any of these students at any of these
parents we want everybody to be as well
inform as we can yeah about the the
contours of this debate okay but you
didn't stop this kid when he was out
there saying that Dana lash ran the that
that she ran Congress right you didn't
stop and nobody at Alton Cammarata
didn't stop David Hogg when he went on
the air and he called everybody opposed
him akin to a child murderer
right this is what CNN has done this is
what CNN has been awful on this I said
this directly to brian Stelter last week
right this is nothing that I haven't
said publicly on CNN to CNN so I'm gonna
talk a little bit more about this in
just a second because I think the
ultimate example of this was Allison
Cammarata this morning on CNN I will
show it to you it's pretty egregious
and again this isn't even about Hogg
anymore right Hogg as a kid who was
using a platform that's being given to
him by the media and he seems like a
smart kid he seems like a motivated kid
he also seems like somebody who's saying
things that are deeply immoral and the
media aren't using him as a prop in
order to say those things and I think
that the media are the really
problematic people here I think that
it's quite disgusting what they're doing
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at links so do you need a
drink because I do okay well if you do
then wink is the place for you winc it's
a great resource it makes enjoying town
time that much easier and you know even
I enjoyed a glass of wine on occasion
even straight-laced folks like me
certainly people around this office
enjoy getting drunk after the show well
wink makes it he's here doing to ensure
that you can discover great wine most
importantly what wink does you don't
know anything about wine
now you know no wine from Drano but what
you do know is what tastes good and wink
ensures that you can bring a
sophisticated bottle of lines here next
engagement or get the wine at your house
that you actually want because here's
the way it works you fill out the wink
palate profile quiz and you answer
simple questions their average store
clerk wouldn't ask or translate into a
recommendation like how do you like your
coffee and how do you feel about
blueberries in the
winks ins wines curated to your taste
the more wines you rate the more
personalized or monthly selections each
month there are new delicious wines like
the insanely popular summer water rose a
no membership fees skip any month cancel
anytime
shipping is covered and if you don't
like a bottle they send you they'll
replace it with a bottle you will love
no questions asked so discover great
wine today go to try wink calm / Ben
that's t ry winc calm / Ben and you'll
get $20 off your first shipment that's
try winked calm / ban for 20 bucks off
your first shipment t ry winc calm / ben
use that / pens they know that we sent
you again their wines start at like 13
bucks a bottle and it's personalized for
you ship right to your door winc calm
try wink con c ry winc calm / ben you
get $20 off that first order okay so the
worst example of media bias obviously is
CNN and the worst example on CNN has
been Allison camerata he's just been
awful on this she's had on survivor
after survivor all on the left she
wouldn't have on Kyle kasher because
Kyle cash who once tweeted out that CNN
was fake news well speaking of fake news
here was heroes Allison Camerata
questioning David Hogg this morning
about all of this college hubbub so
remember this whole thing started with
with him going on TMZ been talking about
being rejected by four colleges and
handling it pretty decently I thought
except at the very end he said that if
colleges don't want to help us out while
we were still changing the world the
implication being the colleges were
rejecting him for his political
