a shooting at a Waffle House prompts
some of the worst arguments for gun
control ever Americans cannot take a
joke about anything and Kanye 2020 is
launching and I could not be more
excited I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
[Music]
so on rare occasions there's a there's a
an event that happens in American public
life that unleashes all of the stupid
and yesterday indeed it turns out was
that event there's a shooting in a
Waffle House and there's a guy who's
incredibly heroic we're gonna talk about
all of it as well as the left reaction
to it because the left reaction is just
fully crazy like fully stupid and crazy
but before I get to any of that first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at stamps.com so these days you can get
practically everything on demand this
podcast can get on demand you can get
movies on demand well there's a reason
you should be able to also get posted
John's a man with stamps.com with
stamps.com you can access all of the
amazing services of the post office
right from your desk 24/7 when it's
convenient for you we use stamps calm
here at the daily wear offices on a
regular basis because we don't have time
to send folks down to the post office
instead they can sit at their desk they
can print exact postage they can stick
it on the packages and they are good to
go you buy and print official US postage
for any letter any package using your
own computer and printer and the mail
carrier picks it up just click print
mail and you are done again we use it
here at the offices and we do so for a
reason right now use Shapiro when you go
to stamps.com and you get a special
offer $55 a free postage a digital scale
and a four week trial so pretty solid
deal just for using our promo code
Shapiro with the special offer over at
stamps.com again go to stamps calm
before you do anything else click on the
radio microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in Shapiro that stamps
comm enter promo code Shapiro for that
special deal there is a reason why so
many businesses use stamps comm
including we here at the Daily wire so
check it up stand check it out
stamps.com promo code Shapiro alrighty
so the big news yesterday is that there
was a an awful shooting at a Waffle
House in Nashville Tennessee Chris
Enslow over at the blaze reports and he
says local and federal law enforcement
turns out knew the man who opened fire
at a Tennessee Waffle House early Sunday
morning killing four and injuring at
least seven others they knew him so well
that he was arrested last year and had
his firearms confiscated so you might
ask why was this person walking naked
into a Waffle House and shooting people
how did he get his firearms well I have
the answer for you the Secret Service
said Sunday its agents arrested the
killer in July 2016 after he was found
in a restricted area near the White
House according to the Tennessee and so
it wasn't just that he was arrested he
was arrested by the Secret Service near
the White House because what the hell K
Secret Service representative Todd
Hudson
said he wanted to set up a meeting with
the president which it turns out is not
the way to set up the meeting with the
president
like really III know how to set up a
meeting with the president you don't do
it by walking up to the White House and
saying you want to set a meeting with
the president that hasn't been true
since like 1860 the killer who's
reportedly from Illinois there was a
revoked of his ability to possess
firearms following his arrest in
Washington Illinois police also
confiscated for firearms from his
possession including the ar-15 he used
in Sunday's killing a spokesman for the
National Police said Tazewell County
Sheriff Robert hustin explained at a
news conference that when the sheriff's
deputies came to confiscate the killer's
firearms last August his dad was present
and asked the officers if he could take
possession of the firearms instead
today's well said the father was legally
able to possess weapons in the state of
Illinois so they turned the weapons over
to him which it turns out was a terrible
decision because daddy then gave the
guns back to son so he should go to
prison for criminal negligence no
question about it
authorities say the killers father later
returned the firearms to his son however
is not immediately known if there was a
Tennessee law that prohibited the killer
from possessing the firearm so in other
words the cops knew about him they took
his gun away and then they returned his
guns to the father and the father gave
the guns to the son I don't know what
law on the books would prevent any of
this really because it's criminal
negligence for the father to have given
the guns to the Son and the son was
already not only barred from having the
gun but had had his guns taken away from
him now it's amazing about this is that
there was a an amazing American here
named James Shaw jr. who was present at
the Waffle House and as this shooting
went on he decided to charge the shooter
the shooter had an ar-15 he charged the
shooter anyway so here is James Shaw jr.
speaking about this publicly when he
proceeded to come in
I actually went behind his like a push
door swivel door and he shot through
that door I'm pretty sure and I'm pretty
sure he grazed my arm and it was at that
time that I kind of made up my mind
because there's no way to lock that door
that if it was gonna come down to it he
was gonna have to work to work to kill
me so at the time that he was either
reloading or the gun jammed or whatever
happened is when I ran through the the
Swivl door I hit him with the Swivl door
and then the get the gun was kind of
jammed up and it was pushed down so we
were scuffling
I managed to get him with one hand on
the gun and they're not grabbed it from
him
not threw it over the countertop and
then after that I was trying to get out
the door and I think he was pretty much
in the entranceway so I just took him
out with me out of the entrance and all
the way outside now that dudes an
American Hero I mean that is an
incredible thing right to charge a guy
with the ar-15 take the gun away from
him and stop the shooting is an amazing
thing obviously is wearing the bandages
on his hands because he burned his hands
because he grabbed the red-hot barrel of
the of the ar-15 which had been firing
he also I believe was grazed by a bullet
in the arm is what it was what it looked
like and he is he's fine he then he went
afterward with his family to church to
pray so amazing amazing dude now you
might say well this is a story of an
American Hero stopping a person when he
had no resources to do so because this
guy is just a hero and you might say you
know it would've been even better is if
this guide had a gun on him because then
presumably this guy would walk in with
the ar-15 taking the first shot and you
know this guy this hero right here would
have done something about it right this
is the kind of guy who'd have pulled out
his gun and shot the bad guy hope maybe
even saved a couple of more lives right
you might think there wouldn't better if
this fellow
James Shaw had actually had a gun you
would be wrong according to the left so
the left comes up with legitimately the
stupidest possible arguments I have ever
seen
like an insane number of stupid
arguments have arisen from this because
now the left is making the claim that
because James Shaw jr. was not armed
then now we should expect people to
disarm people with guns now this is a
little bit different from the argument
that was being made just a few weeks ago
with regard to ar-15s they can't expect
an armed school security officer to
charge a person with a gun and if you
have a pistol that you shouldn't be able
to shoot somebody within an hour 15
right they were saying the narrow 15 is
so wildly powerful that you shouldn't be
able to take down that shooter even if
you have a gun now they're saying that
everyone should be unarmed to take down
the shooter or something okay I'm gonna
show you a series of some of the dumbest
arguments you have ever seen I mean this
is really insane even folks on the Left
who are in favor of gun control should
recognize how stupid these arguments are
and stay away from them as much as
possible if you actually want to win the
argument so here is David Axelrod David
Axelrod was of course one of the lead
advisors campaign advisors to President
Trump and then he was in the White House
is was he chief of staff I chief
strategist for the White House under
Obama and here is what he tweeted out
quote with yet another mass shooting
today let us give full recognition to
Colt the manufacturer of the AR
semi-automatic rifle used in this
massacre for designing such an efficient
weapon for mass destruction for
commercial use so this is a really
really bad arguments the argument that
he's making here is that the
manufacturer is somehow responsible for
the person using the gun to kill people
which is weird because I tweeted back to
david axelrod full props to the makers
of the m4 for generating the firearms
used to kill Osama bin Laden no props to
President Obama right President Obama
made the call and all we heard about in
2012 was Obama that Osama bin Laden is
dead and Detroit is alive and they took
credit for the killing of Osama bin
Laden according David Axelrod it's the
gun manufacturer who really gets the
credit for the killing of anyone right
if anyone is killed it's the gun
manufacturer who's responsible for that
so presumably is the gun manufacturer
that gets to take credit for the Osama
bin Laden kill and not Barack Obama
seemed to have it Axl rotten not agree
with that logic but instead he is saying
such stupid things about gun
manufacturers this is why you know you
hear this myth that's put out there by
the left that there is some sort of
loophole for gun manufacturers when it
comes to liability if someone gets shot
you can't sue the gun manufacturer that
there's some sort of legal loophole that
has been enshrined into law no products
liability is a well-developed area of
anglo-american common law and products
liability suggests that there are a few
types of liability one is if you design
a product that is inherently dangerous
and then that product goes off in the
inherently dangerous way then you are
responsible for its for its danger but
rifles are designed to do what they do
and people buy them to do what they do
so there is no failure in design there's
no design flaw when it comes to product
manufacturing in the ar-15 and there's
also no manufacturing flaw which would
be like you buy a product and then it
breaks on you right there's no
manufacturing flaw so when people say
that a gun the gun manufacturer should
be able to be sued they are able to be
sued if you bought a gun and the gun
were to backfire on you and hurt you for
example you could sue the gun
manufacturer for a products
manufacturing claim or if the gun we're
so inherently dangerous and had a hair
trigger and you pick up the gun and it
just goes off because that's the way it
was designed then you have a design flaw
you get sued the gun company for that
but you can't sue the gun company for
making a gun that is perfectly
manufactured to specification any more
than you can sue a knife
company for making a night that is
perfectly manufactured to specification
you can't you can't sue you know the
Ginsu knife company because it cuts
things that's not the way that this
works but again blaming gun
manufacturers for the evil of individual
human beings it makes no more sense than
failing to credit heroes for the
individual heroism of human beings one
thing that we should all learn from
James Shaw by the way this is what folks
say in law enforcement is that if you
are in a mass shooting scenario then
charging the shooter sometimes is the
best thing that you can do obviously not
everybody is is given that kind of
courage either by God or has developed
it themselves
James Shaw jr. is one of the people who
has developed it good for him so other
stupid arguments a bunch of the of the
students from Parkland started making
the same argument and this was an
intensely intensely stupid argument and
the gonzalez tweeted out the local
police say a man at the scene rest
wrestled his gun away looks like you
don't need to arm a teacher or a
resource officer to stop a shooting
there goes the sales pitch for Smith
Wesson um
no so the argument I guess is that if
you have a guy who's super brave and who
runs into the face of fire and grabs a
gun from someone else no one needs a gun
so I guess we should disarm the police
Matt Walsh had a great reply to this he
said I saw a man eating spaghetti with
his hands the other day that means that
no one should have a fork like what is
it what like because so I guess the
solution is the law-abiding people
should not have guns but non law-abiding
people who have guns we should stop them
because we should run in there with our
magical bulletproof chests and then
somehow stop them this line of argument
was repeated ad infinitum yesterday it
was crazy I mean I was seeing it all
over the internet yesterday it wasn't
just Emma Gonzales David Hogg also
tweeted this out the insufferable
parkland survivor who says that everyone
who disagrees with him is an evil Pig he
says so only a good guy with a gun can
stop a bad guy with a gun and then he
tweeted at the NRA this had fifty six
thousand likes 56 thousand likes no-one
said only a good guy with a gun can stop
a bad guy with a gun okay what we did
say is that there is a much better shot
that you are going to stop a bad guy
with the gun with a gun then you are
charging the guy you know how many like
I would like to see statistically
speaking how many people who have
actually tried to charge a shooter ended
up being shot I'll bet you the numbers
pretty high
I'll bet you the number is pretty high
and then it didn't stop with him Seth
MacFarlane the the dope who makes Family
Guy he tweet out hero James Shaw a good
guy without a gun who stopped
that guy with a gun again I don't know
what you're trying to argue here are you
trying to argue that it's bad for good
people to have guns and I promise you if
James Shaw had a gun he would have used
it in far better fashion than he was
even able to use his body this is such a
dumb argument we'll talk a little bit
more about the dumb arguments and left
on gun control in just a second but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsor is over at policy genius so 71%
of human beings say they need life
insurance they're only 59% of Americans
have coverage which means at least 12%
of americans are procrastinating and
procrastinating normally is a bad thing
it's really bad when if you drop dead
you leave your family bereft right we
actually know somebody this happened to
policy genius is the easiest way to
prevent that from happening you go
online you compare life insurance prices
you can compare quotes in just five
minutes when it's that easy putting it
off becomes a lot harder you can compare
quotes while sitting on the couch
watching TV you can compare quotes while
listening to this podcast policy genius
has helped over 4 million people shop
for insurance in place over 20 billion
dollars in coverage and then I've been
very focused on getting life insurance
for myself my wife has life insurance as
well if you are an adult if you have a
family there's no excuse for you not to
have life insurance and when it's this
easy there certainly is no excuse go
over to policy genius.com
again I know it's more but to think
about your own death it's even more more
but to think what happens to your family
if God forbid something happens to you
go to policy genius calm and by the way
they don't just do life insurance they
also do disability insurance and
renter's insurance and health insurance
if you care about it they can cover it
policy genius.com
when it's this easy to compare life
insurance why put it off policy
genius.com go and check it out you
really owe it to your family to do so ok
so one of the parts about the gun debate
that is so annoying is that whenever
there's an incident people instead of
looking at the facts of the incident
then drawing conclusions they
immediately rush to their various sides
of the aisle to back up whatever
narrative they think is supported by all
of this so the right looks at this story
and what the right says is okay I'm
gonna look at the facts of the case here
are the facts of the case the facts of
the case are that this shooter had his
guns taken away and then got his guns
back so don't blame us blame law
enforcement don't blame law-abiding
citizens like me you who have a I have a
9-millimeter handgun and I have a
shotgun you're gonna take away my guns
because the police couldn't take away
somebody else's how does that even
logical so the police couldn't protect
me but I need to be disarmed how does
that work and then beyond that we look
at the case with with James Shaw and we
say listen that guy's a hero but you
know it'd be better it would be better
to lower the bird
the entry for heroism so don't mean by
that is that there are certain obstacles
to being a heroic person right then one
of those obstacles is risk so to be a
heroic person means to undergo a certain
level of risk in order to do something
good but people are willing to undergo
lower levels of risk and higher levels
of risk James Shaw was somebody who was
willing to go undergo ultimate risk in
order to do something that needed to be
done disarming the shooter in this
particular case most people might be
cowering in the back hoping the shooter
would leave but that's because the
burden is really high right charging a
guy with a gun is a pretty high burden
and this is true in military service -
right asking people to do Pickett's
Charge is a different thing from asking
them to go into a well-planned operation
it requires a different level of risk
assessment and and willingness to
undergo risk in order to follow a
particular order well that's why the
best planners in the military spend
their time trying to figure out ways
where people have to undergo less risk
you are lowering the threshold of entry
for heroism well one of the things that
lowers the threshold for entry for
heroism is lowering the risk and one of
the things that lowers the risk is
having a gun to shoot a bad guy then how
many folks in that diner we're willing
to charge the guy probably lower than
the number of people in the diner who if
they had guns would have been willing to
shoot the guy I assume everybody in
there would have figured okay the risk
to me of pulling out my gun and shooting
this guy is pretty low right because now
I have a gun and he has a gun it's
certainly a lot lower than the risk of
