Brent Cavanaugh's accuser comes forward
a brutal murder in Israel and hurricane
Florence touches down I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
well this will be a fascinating show as
subterranean evils take place apparently
beneath our feet can actually feel the
floor vibrating because we are doing
construction here at the Daily wire
offices and that means more expansion
thanks to you our listeners but we'll be
discussing the actual news in just a
second a lot of news to get to first
let's talk about movement watches so
movement watches this stuff is just
fantastic look at this watch view this
do you see this right before you look
how clean and classic it looks look how
classy this thing is now did this thing
cost four hundred five hundred bucks no
this watch right here this cost like $99
right this thing cost beginning at $99
you can get a great watch over a
movement watches because they used to be
a bunch of crowdfunded kids working out
of a living room but in the past year
they've not only introduced a ton of new
watch collections for both men and women
they've also expanded sunglasses in
fashion for bracelets for her my wife
has the sunglasses she also has a
watchful movement my mom has a watchful
movement so does my father movement
watches are all about looking good and
keeping it simple they're not gonna keep
track of how many steps you take during
the day or how many calories you're
burning or anything like that they're
going to tell you the time and they're
gonna look classic and they're gonna
look good movement watches start at just
95 bucks at the department store you're
looking at 4 to 500 bucks movement
figured out that by selling online they
can cut out the middleman and that's how
they lower the prices get 15% off today
with free shipping and free returns by
going to MVM t-dot-com slash shapiro
that's MVM t.com slash up hero MVM t.com
slash shapiro movement watches it keeps
growing go check out movement right now
MV mt comm slash shapiro with 15% off
today free shipping free returns
alright so big news over the weekend is
that finally the accuser of Bret
Cavanaugh has come forward so as you
recall all the way back last week
Senator Dianne Feinstein in a last-ditch
attempt to stop the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh decided to bring forward an
anonymous letter she did not actually
reveal the letters just said she had
such a letter that accused Brett
Kavanaugh president Trump's pick to
replace Justice Anthony Kennedy on the
Supreme Court it accused Brett Kavanaugh
of some unspecified offense so Dianne
Feinstein's original letter with regard
to all of this her original statement
with regard to all of this was this
quote I've received information from an
individual concerning the nomination of
Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court an
individual strongly requested
confidentiality declined to come forward
or press the matter further and I have
honored that decision I have however
referred the matter to federal invest
of authorities and people like me said
um what the hell is that supposed to
mean I don't know who the lady is I
don't know what exactly the allegation
is I've know if checking this allegation
and so basically you're just saying now
here's an allegation I'm not gonna tell
you what it is that is supposed to
somehow end all of the all of the
hearings about Brett Kavanaugh and we're
supposed to just remove him from
consideration well now it turns out that
the woman in question has come forward
and she has leveled an allegation of
sexual assault against Brett Kavanaugh
from when he was 17 years old apparently
this is a letter as originally sent to
Dianne Feinstein July 30th 2018 so you
may begin by asking why exactly if
Dianne Feinstein had this since July
30th 2018 it should not bring it up at
Kavanagh's hearings that'd be a good
question
you might ask why I shouldn't refer to
the FBI earlier that would be a good
question you might ask why shouldn't
make it public earlier that would be a
good question you might ask why she
didn't show fellow Democrats the letter
that would be a good question none of
those questions would be answerable
because Dianne Feinstein did all of
those things she did not reveal it to
her Senate colleagues she did not reveal
it to the press she did not reveal it to
the FBI she did not ask Brett Kavanaugh
about it she waited until after
Kavanaugh had already testified and then
she came forward with this allegation
and then sort of dumped it into public
which looks like a dirty political smear
even if the allegations are true it
looks like a dirty political smear it
does call into question the seriousness
of the allegations when Dianne Feinstein
treated them so unserious Lee but here
is in fact the actual allegations in the
letter apparently this letter was
originally sent to a to a congresswoman
in California named a shoe Anna a shoe
from California she sent for his letter
on to Dianne Feinstein here is what the
letter said from July 30th 2018
dear senator Feinstein I'm writing with
information relevant in evaluating the
current nominee to the Supreme Court as
a constituent I expect that you will
maintain this as confidential until we
have further opportunity to speak Brett
Kavanaugh physically and sexually
assaulted me during high school in the
early 1980s he conducted these acts with
the assistance of redacted as what the
original letter said they redacted the
name the name it turns out according to
The New Yorker is a guy named Mark judge
who's also written for the Weekly
Standard and has become sort of a
respected conservative writer both were
once two years older than me and the
students at a local private high school
the assault occurred in a suburban
Maryland area home at the gathering that
included
and for others Cavanaugh physically
pushed me into a bedroom as I was headed
for a bathroom up a short stairwell from
the living room they locked the door and
played loud music precluding any
successful attempt to yell for help
Cavanaugh was on top of me while
laughing with judge who periodically
jumped onto Cavanaugh they both laughed
as Cavanaugh tried to disrobe me in
their highly inebriated state with
Cavanaugh's hand over my mouth I feared
he may inadvertently kill me from across
the room a very drunken judge said mixed
words to Cavanaugh ranging from go for
it to stop at one point when judge
jumped onto the bed the wait on me was
substantial the pile toppled and the two
scraps with each other after a few
attempts to get away I was able to take
this opportunity to get up and run
across to a hallway bathroom I locked
the bathroom door behind me both loudly
stumble down the stairwell at which
point other persons in the house were
talking with them I exited the bathroom
ran outside the house and went home I've
not knowingly seen Cavanaugh since the
assault I did see judge once at Blank
where he was extremely uncomfortable
seeing me I have received medical
treatment regarding the assault on July
6th I notified my local government
representative to ask them how to
proceed with sharing this information it
is upsetting to discuss sexual assault
and its repercussions and I felt guilty
and compelled as a citizen about the
idea I'm not saying anything I'm
available to speak fertil further should
you wish to discuss i'm currently blank
in conference blank ok so that is the
full text of the letter that dianne
feinstein had in her possession there
are several questions about this letter
first of all we don't know where this
actually happened right we don't
actually know where it happened cuz says
it was in suburban Maryland area home on
an unspecified date at an unspecified
time with unspecified others so what we
have here is a basic she said something
happened and then both guys who were
supposedly involved have denied that
anything like this ever happened so
Cavanaugh has released a pretty strong
statement saying I'm happy to come back
and testify anytime you want me to this
never happened absolutely mark judge
came 40 said this never happened and
that's not stopping Democrats from
saying that Cavanaugh's nomination
should be pulled again the real thing
that should happen here in reality if
Democrats are gonna take this seriously
the real thing that should happen here
is that the lady whose name is Christine
Blasi Ford and who's apparently a
professor at Palo Alto college she
should be called to testify in front of
the committee and then Cavanaugh should
be called to rebut her testimony right
if we're going to treat these
allegations of any level of seriousness
that's how this is supposed to go and
this is very
of how the Democrats played it with
Anita Hill they waited until the last
minute with Clarence Thomas's hearing
and they brought forward and he wouldn't
either he'll who allege that that
Justice Thomas had had sexually harassed
her the allegations were really really
shaky I'll go through in a second Feeney
to Hill allegations because I want to
show by comparison that these are even
more shaking than the Anita Hill
allegations but here is here is the
Washington Post talking about for to
afford now does an interview what with
the Washington Post she finally says
she's going to come forward speaking
publicly for the first time Ford said
that one summer in the early eighties
Kavanaugh and a friend both stumbling
drunk Ford alleges corralled her into a
bedroom during a gathering of teenagers
at a house in Montgomery County
well his friend watched Kavanaugh pinned
her to a bed on her back and groped her
over her clothes grinding his body
against hers and clumsily attempting to
pull off her one-piece bathing suit and
the clothing she wore over it when she
tried to scream she said he put his hand
over her mouth okay now number one let's
start with the allegation itself if that
allegation is true that's a pretty
horrible allegation okay that is an
allegation of actual sexual assault and
if you push a girl on a bed and you lie
on top of Vernie try to pull off her
clothes and cover your hand her mouth
with your hand while she's screaming
that's a bad allegation okay it's not
high jinks that's not you playing around
that's a bad allegation and that's an
allegation that if it can be
substantiated in any way would be
disqualifying from the Supreme Court and
frankly from the DC Circuit Court of
Appeals right I mean if that allegation
is true then he shouldn't be on the DC
Circuit Court of Appeals either but the
article continues and here's where it
starts to get dicey because she provides
no substantiating and no substantiating
evidence her story has changed over time
as you would imagine since a 36 year old
story the story is 2 years older than I
am as a human being and we're supposed
to now take it at face value let's just
be frank about the way the human memory
works in the first place human memory is
not a snapshot if I ask you about
something that happened when you were 15
chances are that it's going to change a
fair bit particularly if it's
emotionally invested it just is witness
testimony is not particularly good the
reason statutes of limitation exist in
the first place it is beyond the statute
of limitations presumably which is
presumably why the FBI didn't
investigate
also because there's no way for them to
investigate it the reason the statute of
limitations exists in the first place is
because it's an urge to people to come
forward with criminal behavior so we can
investigate it and convict people
on the basis of evidence otherwise this
is exactly what you end up with
unverifiable memories from a time that
is not even specified and then we're
supposed to simply jump to the
conclusion that it happened because a
woman said that it happened now again
maybe it happened I'm not saying the
woman made it up I don't know whether
she made it up I don't know that she's
miss remembering the incident I don't
know any of that stuff you don't know it
either the only person who knows any of
this stuff are the people who are in the
room two of whom deny that this ever
happened so Before we jump to every
thing that a woman says about something
that happened 40 years ago she suddenly
has keen snapshot memory it's very
interesting all the people who say that
we have to take at face value every
accusation from years and years and
years ago and all of its myriad details
details without any corroborating
evidence all those same people are the
same people who generally point out in
criminal trials that witness testimony
is quite unreliable and witnessed
estimate is witness testimony is is very
unreliable as a general rule and it's
gonna be even more unreliable when
you're talking about something that
happened to you in many cases and in
anyway the Washington Post continues
Ford's head shoes escaped able to escape
when Cavanaugh's friend and classmate at
Georgetown Preparatory School mark judge
jumped on top of them sending all three
tumbling she said she ran from the room
briefly locked herself in a bathroom now
here's where it gets dicey here's where
it gets really dicey for this particular
account maybe there's a way to
substantiate it maybe there's not the
problem is she hasn't actually given a
date as to when this happened so even if
Breck have nowhere to say listen I was
at summer camp that one that month but I
was out of town because she didn't give
a specific date that wouldn't help him
at all so how the hell is he supposed to
you know how is he supposed to maintain
his innocence when he doesn't even have
enough details to argue with the details
Ford said she told no one of the
incident in any detail until 2012 when
she was in couples therapy with her
husband this should raise red flag
number one okay so this thing originally
happened 36 years ago so now we're
saying she only even talked to her
therapist about it three decades later
this is very different from the Roy
Moore case for example in Roy Moore's
case there were several corroborating
details first of all the the women who
are accusing him named specific times in
places and it was corroborated that he
was in those places at those times too
there were multiple women three those
women gave contemporaneous statements so
they told their friends and family what
had happened at the time at the time
so when I was 15 years old I was abused
by members of my high school class
people knew that because there were
witnesses there and I told people at the
time here the witnesses all deny that it
happened and she told no one at the time
that it actually happened making her the
only person who can actually testify as
to the veracity of this actually
happening and she's gonna have to answer
some questions if we are going to if we
are going to come away with the
conclusion that Cavanaugh absolutely did
this and therefore should be
disqualified and we ruin his life as a
as an attempted rapist at age 17 we're
gonna talk a little bit more about this
first I want to tell you about
stamps.com so these days you can get
practically everything on demand our
podcast you can listen whenever you want
whatever it's convenient for you
there's no reason you shouldn't be able
to do that with all the great services
over at the post office well with stamps
comm you can you can access all those
great services right from your desk 24/7
when it's convenient for you
buying prints official US postage for
any letter any package using your own
computer and printer the mail carrier
picks it up just click print mail you're
done couldn't be easier we've used
stamps calm here at the Daily wire
offices I use it at home as well it is
just fantastic it saves us time it saves
us money right now use promo code
Shapiro for this special offer 55 bucks
of free postage a digital scale and a
four week trial go to stamps calm before
you do anything else click on the radio
microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in Shapiro again that stamps
comm and enter that promo code Shapiro
go check it out right now stamps comm
promo code Shapiro save time save money
don't wait in line at the post office
make sure that you are using your time
to its fullest by going to stamps comm
and get that special offer 55 bucks free
postage digital scale four-week trial
stamps calm once more click on the radio
mic at the top of the homepage and type
in at Shapiro okay so here's where it
gets spicy again Ford said she told no
one of the incident in any detail until
2012 when she was in couples therapy
with her husband the therapists notes
portions of which were provided by Ford
and reviewed by the washington post do
not mention Cavanaugh's name but say she
reported that she was attacked by
students from an elitist boys school who
went on to become highly respected in
high-ranking members of society in
Washington okay so first of all the
therapist notes don't actually include
Cavanaugh's name but her husband says
that you mentioned Cavanaugh's name now
I have heard from alleged rape victims
that very often therapists do not
include names in their therapists notes
I don't know if that's true or not I'll
assume that it's true for it for the
sake of argument and suggest that
that doesn't really you know cut against
her but the next part does the notes say
that for boys were involved okay well
that's a pretty major discrepancy so if
the notes say that for boys were
involved in her alleged rape and then
she says that her alleged attempted rape
and then she says that two boys were
involved how do you rectify that
discrepancy well she says that the
therapist just got it wrong that was an
error there are four boys at the party
but only two in the room notes from an
individual therapy session the following
year which presumably she has provided
since the therapist isn't I mean there's
client therapy and therapist privilege
and when she was being treated for what
she says have been long-term effects of
the incident show Ford described a rape
attempt in her late teens
hey there's discrepancy number 215 is
not late teens 15 is early teens and 15
is mid-teens at best is that your late
teens your late teens is when you're 19
your late teens they're 18 19 it's not
15 if somebody says to you a
fifteen-year-old
you wouldn't think late teens you'd
think that's a fifteen-year-old right
that's mid teen that's in many cases in
some cases prepubescent in an interview
her husband Russell Ford said that in
2012 session she recounted being trapped
in a room with two drunken boys one of
whom pinned her to a bed and molested
her and prevented her from screaming
he said he recalled his wife used
Cavanaugh's last name and voice
concerned that Cavanaugh might one day
be nominated to the Supreme Court
unclear exactly from his post account in
what context Cavanaugh's name was
mentioned so he said he recalled the
Cavanaugh's name was last Cavanaugh's
last name was used but did that mean he
was one of the four boys one of the two
boys the boy was on top of her not
cleared from the Washington Post account
