Donald Trump goes international he
Hobnobs at the g7 and he hangs out with
kim jeong-hoon we have all the latest
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show many things to discuss here today
the Tony Awards also happened we also
have to talk about this insane editorial
from The Washington Post from a
professor of Gender Studies shocker ok
but first I want to explain that we have
a couple of things coming up so tomorrow
June 12th 7 p.m. Eastern for your
viewing pleasure not for our doing
pleasure we are doing a special live
stream in honor of Father's Day daily
where God king Jeremy boring hosts a
roundtable discussion with me Andrew
Clavin and Michael Mills plus we have
special guests I found so Rachel and
Nick Searcy we're gonna discuss the role
of fathers in our society so a lot of
fathers plus michael moles will be live
streaming on facebook and youtube and if
you're a daily water subscriber go to
daily wire.com to submit live questions
to us which will be moderated by Alicia
Kraus again that is tomorrow Tuesday
June 12th 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific
and do not miss it plus our next episode
of the conversation is almost here so on
Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m. 2:30 p.m.
Pacific all of your questions will be
answered by me wait I'm doing one of
these again ok with our host Alicia
cross our live Q&A will be available on
YouTube and Facebook for everybody to
watch but only derrial it daily where
subscribers can ask me questions in real
time to submit those questions log into
daily wire.com head over to the
conversation page to watch the live
stream type your question into the daily
wire chat box to have it read and
answered on air again you have to
subscribe to ask me those live questions
on Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and join the
conversation it's fun when you find out
about things right is you're reading
about them but it's just great ok before
we even get to his news it was a long
weekend folks it really was a long
weekend of my kids woke me up at 3:45 in
the morning on Saturday morning I'll
explain it in the things I hate but yes
any of that first I'm gonna say thanks
to our sponsors over a man crate so man
crates ok let's get serious because man
crates okay it's time Father's Day is
coming it's coming and you're an idiot
so you didn't get your dad anything
right I know I know you're stupid so go
over to man crates right now and get
your dad something awesome so this
Father's Day give your dad the gift use
guarantee to love with man crates
hand-picked packaged gifts for every
type of dad they've got the knife making
kit for the hands-on serial killer dad
or the whiskey appreciation crate
for fathers who like the finer things
and are also alcoholics they have plenty
of kits for anyone like seriously yet
plenty of dads out there and they have I
have like three of these kits already
and they're just awesome as I've said
before I've got the poker kit and then I
believe I just got what was it I got a
grilling kit as well because I need to
learn two grills that I'm
self-sufficient at home apparently I'm
not according to my wife but this is why
you need a man crate and with the man
crates you're giving your dad more than
just the gift you're giving him a gift
experience unlike any other Plus every
man Craig comes with a 100% satisfaction
guarantee the coolest thing is they come
in actual crate hence the name man
crates and then you pry it open with a
crowbar get your special Father's Day
discount today at man crates calm slash
Ben it's a limited time offer
only for Father's Day go today don't
leave your dad bereft it is man crates
calm slash Ben and use that slash pen
for the special deal again man crates
calm slash Ben to let them know that we
sent you alright so finally onto the
news and you would think that the news
would be less ridiculous than that
opener you would be wrong my friends
President Trump is headed over to
Singapore for his meeting with Kim
jong-un the human time bomb a man who
looks as though he was built in the
model of fat man and little boy so he
apparently is meeting with President
Trump one on one which is just the way
you want this meeting to start what you
really want in a meeting between
President Trump and Kim jong-un a
dictator of a country and a guy who is
most famous for not reading his morning
briefings isn't one-on-one meeting hey
listen I think the president Trump is
good at a great many things I do not
think that he is a great negotiator
one-on-one with people armed with
nuclear weapons just a hunch I'm not
sure that this is the way you want this
me and go now maybe president from
surprises he'll maybe what's actually
happening here is that Kim jong-un the
dictator of North Korea blew up his
nuclear mountain maybe he destroyed his
nuclear mountain right there's been talk
about this he has a nuclear mountain
that was hollowed out so that he could
actually do bomb tests in there and he
blew the thing up apparently so it's
possible that he's now coming to the
west and saying guys I'm ready to disarm
because he disarmed himself by blowing
up his nuclear mountain and Trump is
just the beneficiary that we're gonna
find out but President Trump is meeting
with him and it's not clear what the
agenda is going to look like so first of
all I love this vice president Pence was
asked about president Trump's
preparations for all of this and it's
pretty spectacular what he said at the
Faith and Freedom Coalition is quote now
comes the his
Dork summit between the presidents of
the United States and chairman Kim of
North Korea as president from said this
week he's approaches that he approaches
the summit with confidence the truth is
he's been preparing for this his whole
life when my kid honestly I just have to
ask was president Trump preparing for it
when President Trump was like posing for
the cover of Playboy
or was he more doing it when he was
banging around like the the clubs in the
1970s or was he mostly doing it when he
was on the set of The Celebrity
Apprentice like I'm fine with President
Trump handling these negotiations he
can't handle negotiations with a
nuclear-armed or semi nuclear-armed
country better worse than President
Barack Obama handled the negotiations
with the Iranians right there's no way
to do that so I'm not saying that this
goes horribly but vice president Pence
has a dramatic tendency I think to
overstate the the genius of the man for
whom he works even though he's really
elected by the American people and he
really works for us but his boss right
the presidents of the United States he's
very fond you may have noticed in any
case President Trump did a presser as he
was leaving the g7 this is the last
presser that he has done before he
headed over to the Singapore the
Singapore meeting I know that a lot of
people were really optimistic about this
thing I'm far less optimistic I don't
think that you ought to give a meet up
to a dictator of a country without
actually going in with some
preconditions like here's what you're
gonna give up Kim hasn't really given
anything up he gave up a few hostages I
guess that's something but I'm not sure
that you had to guarantee a meeting in
order to make that happen you probably
could have done that with a little bit
of cash or with some low-level
negotiations elevating a dictator who's
enslaving millions of people in a giant
gulag to the status of world leader
doesn't seem to me like a great move you
know I was angry when Barack Obama met
with the Iranians I was angry when
Barack Obama met with the Cubans you
remember he went over to Cuba which is
another gulag state and then he hung out
there and went to a baseball game and
everybody on the right was angry about
it they're fighting mad about it same
people on the right who were fighting
mad about that are not fighting me out
about President Trump meeting with Kim
jong-un with no preconditions and really
no agenda when I say there's no agenda
it's not really me who's just saying
this here's President Trump explaining
what the agenda is and what he how he
thinks this thing is going to go well
there's always everything it's really
you know this has probably rarely been
done it's unknown territory in the
truest sense but I really feel confident
I feel
that Kim jong-un wants to do something
great for his people and he has that
opportunity and he won't have that
opportunity again it's never gonna be
there again okay so now obviously
they're going in with a clear agenda and
I love that president from explains the
clear agenda he's asked what is the
objective of these meetings here is his
explanation I have a clear objective but
I have to say Ilyana that it's going to
be something that will always be spur of
the moment you don't know okay so which
is it is there a clear objective or is
it gonna be spur-of-the-moment I know
that that's how I go into all my
contract negotiations I say I have a
clear objective but I'm gonna go just
you know it's spur-of-the-moment just
gonna wing it bring a disco ball maybe
some sangria just have a good time I
mean if that's what I do so it's I don't
know what this is supposed to accomplish
again maybe I'm wrong maybe this
accomplishes everything maybe and we end
up with an indie nuclearized North Korea
I am skeptical at best because the fact
is the kim jeong-hoon is not going to
give up his nuclear weapons the reason
he's not gonna give up his nuclear
weapons is the minute that he does he's
now vulnerable to a Western coup attempt
that's the reason he's pursuing this
thing in the first place
I mean according to the Associated Press
President Trump plans to depart early
from his unprecedented summit with Kim
jong-il in the White House said on
Monday declaring the nuclear talks of
North Korea's have moved more quickly
than expected okay Trump had been
scheduled to fly back to Washington on
Wednesday morning after spending Tuesday
with the North Korean leader in
Singapore around the eve of the summit
he altered his schedule opting to return
about 8:00 p.m. on Tuesday after a full
day of meetings with Kim almost 15 hours
earlier than previously anticipated this
is probably smart move by the White
House because what you don't want is for
Trump to stick around and for Kim to go
out and say something publicly and then
Trump says something publicly and then
they get into a fistfight or something
the White House said in a statement the
discussions between the United States
and North Korea are ongoing and have
moved more quickly than expected it
wasn't immediately clear what specific
progress if any had been made in the
preliminary discussions between the u.s.
and North Korean officials in the run-up
to the Tuesday summit in fact only hours
before the White House announcement US
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo had
seemed to lower expectations for the
meeting which Trump had predicted could
potentially yield an on-the-spot deal to
end the Korean War and here's the
problem with President Trump generally
when it comes to negotiations President
Trump is a great marketer I mean it is
the thing he's best at he's amazing at
marketing well if you are very good at
marketing one of
things you tend to do is over promise
you tend to do this right every
commercial you have ever watched it is
the case of somebody over promising
right when you watch a commercial on TV
and they show you those nice juicy
burgers that look amazing what those
really are are those plastic mock-ups
that have been sprayed with water so
they'll call moist and juicy and if you
ate them you would literally choke and
die right because virtually every ad on
television is an oversell president
Trump does a lot of overselling he says
he has the biggest crowds ever he said
that his campaign movement was the
biggest ever
he says the dissociation is going to be
the biggest everything is the biggest
ever everything is unprecedented the
biggest ever well the problem is when
you oversell an international
negotiation people sort of expect that's
going to happen Pompeyo said on Monday
we're hopeful the summit will have set
the conditions for future successful
talks which is really him saying we
didn't really get much done here and
then President Trump said what was his
actual objective well he explained again
at the g7 what his actual objective was
he said he had a clear objective but
he's gonna be spur-of-the-moment which
is weird and then he said that the
minimum would be and this is really what
Trump thinks about the art of the deal
you know that his book the art of the
deal which was not written by President
Trump that's really not how he
negotiation how he negotiates president
Trump is very interpersonal
relationships he negotiates with people
I mean I know a lot of people who know
President Trump who knew him before he
was president president Trump is very
reliant on him forging ties with the
person with whom he is negotiating he
likes to have a good personal
relationship with the person with whom
he is talking and that's essentially
what he said about kim jeong-hoon
well I think the minimum would be
relationship you'd start at least a
dialogue because you know as a deal
person I've done very well with deals
what you want to do is start that now
I'd like to accomplish more than that
but at a minimum I do believe at least
we'll have met each other we will have
seen each other hopefully we will have
liked each other and we'll start that
process so the President of the United
States is very much focused on whether
he gets along with foreign leaders we'll
see that this comes up in a different
context when we get to the g7 because
his relationships with foreign leaders
of the g7 are not going it so swimmingly
but if he believes that he's gonna forge
some sort of personal tie with kim
jeong-hoon that i think is a mistake
again I do not think that negotiations
generally are based on personal ties
between leaders I don't think that it
was the Ronald Reagan had this wonderful
relationship with Mikhail Gorbachev and
that's why I got an end to the Cold War
it's really more like the Soviets
bankrupted themselves and they were
attempting really I mean you look at
their internal documents and this is
what they were saying they were
attempting to hold on to their Soviet
empire but they just hadn't didn't have
the money or the resources to do so this
was also true with regard to for example
South Africa which wanted to disarm the
reason they wanted to disarm is because
they wanted to be reintegrated into the
family of nations it wasn't the
leadership of South Africa had wonderful
relationships at the west and so they
decided to do a deal I've been part of
several major business deals myself a
good relationship is not harmful but if
there's no confluence of interest then a
personal relationship is not going to
mean very much I've gotten along with a
lot of people with whom I've tried to do
a deal and the deal just never comes
together I've done a lot of deals with
people who I don't particularly like but
there's a confluence of interest and so
that happens now president Trump's view
of a deal which is that you get in the
room you hash it out you make good we
make friends with people it means the
president Trump is very good in the room
but it also means that he could be
suckered and this is why I don't like
the idea of him being in a loan alone in
a room with Kim jong-un and adjust their
translators first of all you never know
what the translator for the for the
North Koreans is actually going to say
back to kim jeong-hoon i mean i assume
that trumps translator will know but
that's pretty much it and second of all
Trump alone in a room with people has
not ended well in terms of negotiations
the last time Trump was alone in a room
with somebody who's alone in a room with
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and he
offered them a budget deal that broke
the bank and overruled his own
Republican Party the time before that he
was alone in the room with foreign
leaders he was in alone in the room with
the foreign ambassador from Russia and
he ended up saying to him the fire James
Comey over the Russian investigation so
I just think there's a situation right
foot with the possibility for problems
maybe nothing comes of it but if nothing
comes of it then what was the purpose of
any of this other than I guess a
photo-op that makes Kim jong-un looks
stronger in the world as a parallel
leader with the most powerful leader on
planet earth the entire media treating
that is a coup that Trump is meeting
with Kim Jong loon I just don't
understand that mentality it's a Cooper
Kim true that he gets to meet with the
President of the United States it'd be a
coup for you if you got to meet with the
presidents of the United States would
not be a coup for you if you got to meet
with Kim Jong hoon it would likely mean
you were about to be shot yes I have a
few more thoughts on this in just a
second first honestly thanks to our
sponsors / betterment so betterment is
the largest online financial adviser
designed to help customers build wealth
plan for retirement and achieve their
financial glow so I have a financial
advisor because I don't have time to sit
there and pretend I know what I'm doing
with day trading I don't have time to
sit there and vet invest
instead I have a financial advisor who
does all that stuff for me what
betterment you can have exactly those
same sorts of services except online and
betterment is great because there are no
hidden costs there no there they're low
fees no matter who you are or how much
money you invest you get everything all
of their services from one low
transparent management fee and as a
fiduciary they make recommendations in
their clients best interest they're not
incentivized to recommend particular
funds they don't have their own
investment products to sell so it's not
somebody selling you their own stuff in
an attempt to make Commission off of you
instead they're getting a management fee
and it's a low management feed manage
your stuff and ensure that you have a
good financial plan in place betterment
offers personalized advice and it's a
suite of tools to help you know whether
you're on track to hit your investment
goals or get the retirement you want and
when you need it their tools and
guidance can help you get on track as
well now investing always involves risk
but one of the ways that you can ensure
that that risk is minimized is by using
a financial adviser Ben Shapiro sure
listeners can get up to one year
management for free for more information
visit betterment comm slash Shapiro
that's betterment comm slash Shapiro
btter ent comm slash capiro go out and
check it out
betterment comm slash creating up to a
year management for free it's it's
something that everyone who is
responsible with finances but doesn't
have time or inclination to handle their
own finances should do okay so what's
the outcome going to be from all of this
