Florida Republican gubernatorial
candidate Ron de santis runs up against
a media eager to charge him with racism
the Democratic socialists are on the
March and Cynthia Nixon goes mano-a-mano
with Andrew Cuomo I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show I just want to
clarify something
the phrase mono e mono doesn't actually
mean man versus man
it means hand to hand okay so that
wasn't a sexist comment that they went
mano-a-mano that's actually what it
means so if you idiots start saying that
was a sexist comment it's just cuz
you're stupid
and you don't know anything about
foreign languages there's a lot to talk
about today but before we do any of that
let's talk about your credit card debt
the fact that you're racking up those
credit card charges but you still need
to spend money well the reality is you
don't need to be racking up these big
credit card charges that have the giant
interest rates on the back end instead
you need to go visit my friends over at
lending club with Lending Club you can
consolidate your debt or pay off credit
cards with one fixed monthly payment
since 2007 Lending Club has helped
millions of people regain control of
their finances with affordable
fixed-rate personal loans no trips to a
bank no high interest credit cards just
go to Lending Club com tell them about
yourself how much you want to borrow
pick the terms that are right for you
and if you're approved your loan is
automatically deposited into the bank
account in as little as a few days it's
the number one peer-to-peer lending
platform with over 35 billion dollars in
loans issued so go to Lending Club comm
slash Bend right now you can check your
rate in minutes you borrow up to 40
grand I've looked at the process very
easy go to Lending Club comm slash Bend
that's Lending Club comm slash ban all
loans made by webb bank member FDIC
Equal Housing lender again no reason for
you to be racking up these massive
interest charges on a credit card when
you could go to Lending Club and
consolidate all that debt helps you pay
down that debt as well go to Lending
Club comm slash been Lending Club comm
slash been to check your rate in just
minutes alright so I do want to talk
about Ron DeSantis and this insane media
spin that he is a evil vicious races but
I have to begin today with the Pope who
tweeted something crazy out this morning
I don't know what Pope Francis thinks he
is doing I don't know what he thinks his
job is and listen I'm not a Catholic
so there are legitimately a billion
people who know more about Catholicism
than I do on planet earth maybe more
than a billion people who know more
about Catholicism than I do but the
basic information as it has been
conveyed to me is that the Pope is
supposed to be communicating God's Word
on earth and he is the Vicar of Christ
is this correct I think this is the
general idea well this does not sound so
Bikash
shall we say here's what he tweeted out
today we Christians are not selling a
product we are communicating a lifestyle
I didn't realize he was actually guest
starring on Mad Men this week but when
Pope Francis says things like we
Christians are not selling a product
about communicating lifestyle he might
want to think a little bit about the
lifestyle that he and the church have
been communicating in the last few weeks
you know the lifestyle that says that a
Catholic Cardinal Cardinal Theodore
McCarrick can basically run around
shtupping seminarians and he's not gonna
do anything about it that Cardinal
McCarrick can molest children and
apparently that means that he should be
put back in a position of public
importance and that when other Cardinals
approached the Pope the Pope basically
chastises them for there's an awful
awful story that was out today about how
the Pope basically dealt with the
McCarrick situation and apparently he
made some sort of joke about McCarrick
being in the in the clutches of the
devil this is this is an article from
from LifeSite news back in July
apparently McCormack gave a speech let's
see so the story is that Ted mckarrick
was speaking in he was speaking in
October 2003 McCarrick shared a
conversation you had with the newly
elected Pope Francis McCarran told the
audience he had a very serious cardiac
incident well who's the Vatican's during
the 2013 Conclave when you return from
the hospital to the seminary where he
was staying
his phone rang and was the newly elected
Pope Francis online inquiring about
mechanics health mckarrick were laid
this conversation with the Pope quote I
told the Pope that I guess the Lord
still has some work for me to do the
Pope responded to mckarrick but on the
other hand maybe the devil did not have
your accommodations ready and this was
retold in a Washington Post story well
if it turns out that the Pope was aware
of the allegations against mckarrick and
he was making jokes about the devil
having his accommodation ready in 2013
that's not good that's pretty bad and
the Pope has stayed silent on all of
this as I mentioned yesterday the
media's treatment of this issue has been
absolutely incredible just astonishing
because the media was all over the
Catholic sex abuse scandals of the
mid-2000s when we had the the Boston
archdiocese which was caught basically
covering up an enormous number of sex
crimes and the media rightly was after
the the Catholic Church for that in a
way they about that by who had never
been over secular institutions that
engage in sex abuse when it's a second
one institution engaging in
that's just par for the course when it's
the Catholic Church then it's a huge
ordeal according to the media it should
be a huge deal in either case but at
least the media was going after the
right folks back in 2006 now of course
the media is interested in protecting
Pope Francis because they feel that he
reflects their political priorities if
you want to know what's best for the
Catholic Church never trust the New York
Times the New York Times is a pretty
good indicator of exactly what the
Catholic Church should not be doing
because you know what the New York Times
editorial board would love more than
anything else for all Catholics to stop
being Catholic they would like to see
the Catholic Church utterly destroyed
just as they would like to see
Protestant churches destroyed just as
like the Justice they would like to see
Orthodox Judaism destroyed the secular
media has an extraordinary bias against
religious institutions that they see as
being restrictive and repressive of
individual freedoms particularly on
issues of sexuality so if they're
upholding a particular Pope it's a fair
bet that that Pope is not a friend to
traditional Catholic doctrine and it's
certainly fair to say that the Pope's
activities over the last several months
here are creating a serious possibility
of a schism within the Catholic Church I
mean there's a serious possibility here
they you could actually see a break in
the Catholic series break in the
Catholic Church for the first time in
half a millennium then that's not really
an exaggeration I'm hearing from a lot
of Catholic friends I'm not even talking
about people who are politically
conservative I have a lot of Catholic
friends who are saying that this is
making them seriously doubt the ability
of this Pope to continue in his current
job there's no impeachment procedure for
Pope's he's there until he decides to
step down so it's it's a real problem
and the fact that the Pope is tweeting
out these nonsensical nostrums from
Cosmo magazine just demonstrates that he
never was fit for the job I mean listen
there are those of us who have been very
critical of Pope Francis since day one
because it's very clear that Pope
Francis had a certain political spin a
Marxist spin on his own version of
Catholic doctrine and as somebody who
doesn't have a dog in the fight other
than I think the Catholic Church is a
deeply important institution to the
foundations of Western civilization and
I think the Catholic Church's continued
health is absolutely vital to the
continuation of central values that
perpetuate the power and glory of
Western civilization that's my stake in
this but I don't have a stake in this as
a practicing Catholic because I'm not
Christian that said when I see the
Catholic Church being brought low by its
own leadership on the basis of political
leftism because whether Pope Francis
thinks that he has to appeal to a
different crowd and
to raise the raise the rates of
conversion in poorer parts of the world
or whether he's just pandering to a
leftist press or whether he actually
believes this stuff what he is doing
it's so obviously undermining the
foundations of the Catholic Church that
is pretty astonishing again the New York
Times very Pro Francis because Francis
was every five minutes they run a
headline about Francis talking about
homosexuality because he's much more to
the left on homosexuality even while
still supposedly abiding by Catholic
doctrine they don't know never on
headlines about Pope Francis not
abortion of course where he is
traditionally well within the the sort
of Catholic doctrine it shows you where
the press is in all this and it shows
you why there's so many Catholics who
are really uncomfortable today about the
leadership of the Catholic Church it's a
serious problem
okay so meanwhile in the United States
we are fighting over much less serious
issues because the future of the
Catholic Church is a lot more important
than any one election that's happening
in the United States but demonstrating
more of the presses just utter
incapacity to tell the truth
yesterday the press went absolutely
insane over a comment by Ron de santis
now full disclosure I know congressman
DeSantis he's a representative in the
House of Representatives he is the new
Florida Republican gubernatorial
candidate he's a down the line
conservative I'm friendly with
congressman DeSantis but even where I
not this is just a bunch of crap
basically Rhonda Sanchez was was on Fox
News and he was talking about his
opponent a guy named Gilliam Andrew
Gilliam who's the mayor of Tallahassee
who also happens to be embroiled in an
FBI investigation of the Tallahassee
mayor's office but more importantly
Andrew Gilliam is a very very left
Kennedy's 39 years old he's basically a
Democratic Socialist like Alexandra
Ocasio Cortes we'll talk in a little bit
about what his victory in Florida means
and how it happened but Ron DeSantis was
talking about his opponents in this race
because basically a dead even race and
here's what Ron DeSantis had to say but
I mean he performed better than the
other people there so so we've got to
work hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist agenda with huge tax
increases and bankrupting the state that
is not going to work that's not gonna be
good for Florida okay so what's amazing
about this did you hear anything in
there that sounded really racist did you
hear anything in there that sounded
deeply racist to you
apparently that was deeply racist
apparently it was incredibly racist why
because he used the phrase monkey this
up now monkey is as used as a verb is
used routinely routinely by all sorts of
people here for example is a clip of
Barack Obama using the term monkeying
around was Obama being racist no because
when you say monkey something up or
monkey around you are clearly using it
as a verb meaning like a monkey wrench
like you're tinkering with things it's
legitimately in dictionary calm is legit
the only definition of monkey as a verb
is to mess around with that's literally
the only definition but we are supposed
to believe that Ron DeSantis used the
term monkey this up as some sort of dog
whistle to a bunch of racists in the
sticks who weren't aware that Andrew
Gilliam is a gay black man it's an
amazing thing anyway here is here is
Barack Obama using it in 2008
it's not as if it's just Republicans who
have monkeyed around with elections in
the past sometimes Democrats have to you
know whenever people are in power
they're you know they have this tendency
to try to you know tilt things in their
direction so monkeying around is not an
overtly racist phrase not a racist
phrase hey there's nothing about that
phrase that is racist but it is racist
because you cannot use monkey and
apparently socialist in the same
sentence so even in that sentence he
wasn't talking about Andrew Gilliam
being black right which actually would
probably be racist if you use monkey and
then you say like and I don't want them
monkeying it up by electing a black
candidate that sounds racist right that
sounds like you were making it overtly
racist comments about the guy you're
running against he said we don't want a
monkey up the economy by electing a
socialist to lead our state that is not
a racist thing and honestly I'm puzzled
by the theory I'm very puzzled by the
theory so apparently the theory is that
Ron de santis was desperately trying to
reach out to the Trump voters he already
has in his pocket remember Ron de santis
ran the most Pro Trump campaign in
America he ran an actual ad in which he
dressed his kid his baby in a trump
onesie and the according to the media
ultram voters are racist which means all
the racists were already voting for
Rhonda Sanchez but apparently it was
deeply necessary that he had to we had
to somehow dog-whistle to these five
people who were gonna vote against
Andrew Gilliam because he's black by
using the phrase let me just remind you
monkey it up
I gotta that that was his actual idea
that so that's what he was going for
according to the media
amazingamazing accusation again so he
was using monkey as a verb in a commonly
used phrase in order to make an oblique
reference to a noun in order to appeal
to people who are already voting for him
thinking the media wouldn't catch on and
therefore driving an entire news cycle
against him I mean this the mashin
nations that DeSantis had to go through
apparently in order to come up with this
racist dog whistle the genius of it
the sheer genius of it should boggle the
mind but of course all this is a bunch
of crap I'm gonna talk in a second about
the backlash on all this it's so
dishonest but first let's talk about
something a little bit more enjoyable
there's a new podcast out there that has
an amazing story to tell you're really
gonna like it it's called inside jaws
it's written and hosted by Mark Ramsey
the man behind inside psycho and inside
the Exorcist it is a look at the 1975
pulse-pounding hit film jaws the first
ever summer blockbuster and how it was
made I love the movie Jaws if you
haven't seen it you're really missing
out it really holds up it's a terrific
terrific film Robert chuck is an
all-time great performance and this
podcast is all about exactly how that
movie got made you'll follow Steven
Spielberg from making of his first
8-millimeter Western his young Boy Scout
to the rocky production and
groundbreaking breaking release of a
movie to change the film industry
forever I mean folks legitimately
thought that Charles gonna bankrupt the
studio because it was so expensive and
instead it ended up being one of the
biggest hits of all time listen today by
subscribing to inside drawers on Apple
podcast or heading over to wonder EFM
slash inside jaws or you can listen to
the first four episodes ad free by
signing up for one during plus at wonder
EECOM slash plus
that's wo n de ry com slash plus-1 dree
FM slash inside jaws or wonde recom
slash plus go subscribe to inside
drawers today it really is enjoyable
it's really a lot of fun particularly in
the summer months so the media are not
satisfied with simply suggesting that
Rhonda census is an evil Republican he's
a racist for using a term that is
commonly used politically like all the
time in fact Andrew Gilliam himself the
Tallahassee Democrat has has said in the
past that that his opponents were like
monkeys on his back so you it turns out
there are lots of ways to use the word
monkey without actually making a
racially charged reference designed to
elicit a certain response from the evil
racists who supposedly make up your base
but that's not going to stop the
Democrats from jumping on this and fully
dishonest fashion they did the same
thing by the way to Mitt Romney
back in 2006 Mitt Romney
so that the Big Dig in Boston which I
was there for this they were digging a
tunnel and the drill got stuck it cost
them billions of dollars and he
suggested the project was at our baby
meaning that the the project was costing
money and you'd spend the money and then
you'd have to spend more money on it and
people pointed out that the phrase tar
baby has a racist history going back to
like the Brer Rabbit tales of the 19th
century and suddenly it was that MIT
Romney was making some sort of veiled
racist reference about a tunnel project
that's what Mitt Romney was doing I
remember they did the same thing to
George Allen in Virginia there was an
there's an Indian guy who was following
his campaign at the behest of his
senatorial opponent and the Indian guy
following his campaign not like Native
American like India from from India and
George Allen said something like oh you
see this guy following our campaign
around I know his name is like macaca or
something and then it turned out that
macaca was a portuguese slur for black
person and so people said well his use
of the term macaca was directly directed
at the indian guy who's making arrests a
racist reference to a random reporter in
the back of the room in order to gin up
the base in Virginia and it basically
caused George Allen to lose the election
I mean George Allen legitimately lost a
senatorial election on the basis of this
it's why just a couple of days ago here
on this show when we were talking about
a British story about men wearing frilly
underwear and the British word for
underwear is knickers KNI CK ers I had
to spell it out and explain exactly what
word I was using because otherwise Media
Matters would claim that I was using the
n-word right there in 1999 there was a
guy in the mayor's office in Washington
DC who used the word niggardly niggardly
means stingy it has nothing to do with
the n-word the guy was fired for using
that word back in 1999 so this is the
part of the DeSantis thing that's so
incredible is that you the the
assumption here is that he was using the
term monkey this up knowing that the
climate is such that it would completely
destroy his candidacy or at least harm
his candidacy specifically to appeal to
five people who are already gonna vote
for him because they voted for Trump
which according to the media means
they're racists yes I'm sure that the
