the media's propaganda on behalf of
terrorist group Hamas continues
Democrats struggle in the polls and
North Korea tries to pull the rug out
from under President Trump I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so a lot going on today we'll get to all
of it first I missed it yesterday we
made a pretty big announcement this
August I am taking the Ben Shapiro show
live to audiences in Dallas and Phoenix
and you'll be able to see me in person
and join in an audience Q&A we're also
doing a special VIP event beforehand
with assigning and meet-and-greet for
200 superfans I know the tickets are
really running out quickly they may
already be sold out actually so go check
it out right now
daily wear premium subscribers actually
have until tomorrow Thursday May 17th at
10:00 p.m. local time to get your
presale tickets so you have to do it
like right now because these things are
going super fast they may be gone and
Dallas already after that seats are
gonna go fast for general admission and
VIP access if you aren't a subscriber
this is the best time to do it once
again and go to daily wired.com slash
events to get your presale tickets an
additional info that's daily wire.com
slash events again those VIP tickets
mean you come backstage and we all hang
out and we talk and you get to take
pictures and get some swag it's pretty
awesome so daily wired.com slash events
become a member and you can get your
presale tickets now if you're just a
member of the general population then
wait for a day and a half and and then
you'll be able to get tickets as well
okay so I'm also I promise I'm gonna get
to the news in just one second before I
get to the news I also want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Zeile so you
may have found this week's news rather
disquieting somewhat upsetting maybe you
found it a little bit non relaxing well
this is why you need Zeile so Zeile is
one of these things that makes you feel
wealthy even when you are not for a
really reasonable price you can bring a
masseuse to your home and they bring the
spout with them they bring the table
they bring the massage oils they bring
the candles they bring the music they
bring the whole deal they come right to
you and it's on demand go to zeal comm
or seals iPhone or Android app that
Zeile spelled ze e Elcom then select
from top local licensed and pre-screened
massage therapists you can choose your
favorite technique gender preference
time and location for your massage and
they send one of their 10,000 licensed
massage therapists with all of the goods
scheduling booking payment fast and easy
even the tip is included 7 days a week
365 days a year
the Zeile massage therapist can be at
your door its privacy its convenience
its quality and its comfort it is
fantastic I have gotten zeal for my wife
have gotten informed my mother I've
gotten it for my father I've gotten it
for my in-laws I've gotten it for my
sister's it really is just first-rate so
check it out Zeile z ee l comm and when
you use promo code benin you actually
get 25 bucks off your first massage
again use that promo code been sealed
komm promo club and 25 bucks off your
first massage or use their zeal iPhone
or Android app and for that promo club
bed and get 25 bucks off that first
in-home massage use promo code Ben to
let them know that we sent you as well
okay so yesterday the media continued
their policy their policy is to repeat
whatever Hamas tells them the terrorist
group Hamas media coverage on this has
just been extraordinary and
demonstrative of the fact the media do
not care about the actual fact on the
ground in the slightest they
legitimately do not care about the facts
on the ground because I can show you
some of the facts on the ground we
showed you some of the facts on the
ground yesterday here are some more
facts on the ground so we begin with
this tweet okay this is from a reported
in BRAF Sanchez's from April so these
protests suppose it protests you know
peaceful protests that are actually
violent riots these have been going on
for two months these are actual pictures
from the Gaza Strip from Roz Sanchez
who's not a pro-israel reporter and he
tweeted out we met some young men
earlier cashing 200 dollar checks that
got from Hamas after being shot by
Israeli forces on Friday the severely
injured get 500 bucks the families of
the Dead get 3,000 bucks
so Hamas is paying people to go out
there and attempt to get shot by Israeli
forces so they can have those pictures
on the front pages of the newspapers
they're not being shy about any of this
Hamas is being absolutely clear about
their intents they're being 100%
transparent about what it is they wish
to do at least when they are talking to
their own people okay here's a
Palestinian man on NPR yesterday
explaining that their actual goal is to
break into Israel and kill as many Jews
as humanly possible the Israelis know
that people are flying kites with
swastikas they know this and they use it
to discredit you to say this shows
you're bad people what do you think
about that manna and a minimum how the
 I mean fish about yeah must be
enough ago but enough so I said up the
ouya and this habit Liara this is
actually what we want them to know he
says that we want to burn them
it's the best part of that clip is power
Steve Inskeep is like you know they're
using your swastika for propaganda and
Hamas is like well I don't care we want
them to know that we want them to burn
in the ovens just like the Jews in the
Holocaust and I love the the puzzlement
of the media but but you don't
understand like it makes you guys look
bad like we don't care we want to kill
Jews and we like the swastika they're
they're earned there are no Jews by the
way living in the Gaza Strip it's
amazing for all the talk about apartheid
state zero Jews live in the Gaza Strip
zero Jews live in Palestinian Authority
controlled areas the reason is because
zero Jews live basically around the
Middle East all of these supposedly
moderate Muslim nations and leaders are
not interested in having Jews in their
country there is however in the Gaza
Strip a haircutting place called Hitler
I'm not kidding there's actually a shop
apparently called Hitler in the Gaza
Strip so they've got their priorities
very straight over there and again that
wouldn't when the media say that these
are nonviolent protests and that
everything is hunky-dory
okay this is coverage from yesterday
significant damage to farms inside
Israel due to these flight flow these
kite flown Molotov cocktails so here is
what's happening the the terrorists in
the Gaza Strip are making kites and then
they are putting Molotov cocktails which
essentially is alcohol or gasoline with
fire attached with little bombs and
they're flying them over the border and
then they are hoping that those kites
land in Israeli fields and start
significant fires and so you can see all
of the pictures online it's pretty
incredible they've made these large
kites they've attached Molotov cocktails
to them and you can see all the pictures
of the fields burning in Israel but
don't worry it's all nonviolent also
we've heard that Israel has been
indiscriminately shooting Palestinians
indiscriminately like just going out
there and mowing down Palestinians sure
there were 40,000 Palestinians who are
protesting who are rioting on the border
on Sunday and Monday sure only about 60
of them were killed and sure it turns
out that Hamas is admitting the vast
majority of those people were Hamas
members here is a senior official with
Hamas name is Salah al barred the wheel
and his on a he's on a Palestinian TV
network and he's explaining full-out
that the vast majority of people who
were killed were Hamas members members
of terrorist groups this is in the last
row two conversations if 62 people were
martyred 50 of them or Hamas
50 of them were come out so gay Hamas is
not hiding the ball they are not hiding
the ball their absolutely clear about
this they organized this stuff because
they wanted people shot
they organized violent protests at the
border because they want people shot
because they liked the pictures or
alternatively they were hoping they
could break the fence and people would
rush through all the people who are
saying today
why didn't Israel use rubber bullets why
didn't Israel use alternative forms of
dissuasion when it came to the border
because if they had done that then
people would have cut through the border
and you know what happened then you know
what happened if the pet if Hamas gets
through the border literally hundreds of
terrorists were waiting to rush through
the border if the border opens and you
know what that's gonna mean then it's
gonna mean that Israel has to mow down
hundreds of people mow them down because
once they get into Israel you know
they're gonna do they're gonna go to any
Israeli settlement they can find any
place that Israelis live any place the
Jews live and they're going to murder
them in their beds
that's what Hamas does and yet it's
Israel that's the problem here it's
Israel that's a serious issue here you
see the Democrats making this case it's
just astonishing Bernie Sanders he
blames President Trump for all of us now
come us which again has been doing this
sort of thing since Hamas was conceived
Hamas has been leading riots and
violence and murder and kidnapping of
Israeli soldiers and civilians for
decades at this point and they've
certainly been doing it since 2006 when
they took over the Gaza Strip but Bernie
Sanders is gonna blame President Trump
for all of this even though Trump is as
it turns out relatively new on the scene
here's Bernie Sanders in ignorance
anti-israel basher doing this routine
and I fear that we are gonna get sucked
into a Sunni Shia Saudi Arabia Iran war
which could be never-ending never-ending
I think we're looking at an Orwellian
nightmare of never ending war and we've
got to do everything we can to prevent
that just justice in just insane just
insane it we're in and we're fueling
we're fueling Trump Republicans
Americans were fueling an Orwellian war
between Shia and Sunni dude the Shia
Sunni war has been going on for
legitimately a thousand years and as for
the notion that Shia Sunni war now is
being promulgated by President Trump no
it was promulgated by President Obama
who decided to strengthen Iran and it's
irani and money that's being put in the
pockets of camasta rurus today it's
irani and money that is being used to
pay people to get shot by Israelis this
is uncontroversial but Democrats
have a particular perspective on the
world that is completely a factual and
they continue to push that perspective
as well Whoopi Goldberg doing this
routine - well you know the u.s. lost
credibility by putting our embassy in
Jerusalem
oh you mean as opposed to when we lost
credibility by having a hundred and
fifty billion dollars to the Iranian
government a terrorist government Whoopi
Goldberg Middle East expert explain it
what we I don't think that any one side
should have done this I don't think we
should have done this at all and now
we've lost our I feel lost a bit of
credibility because the Palestinians
also feel that that's their land -
they've you know they've lived their
life has been there you know that's this
their blood also okay this is incorrect
the idea that the United States was ever
supposed to be an honest broker between
a liberal democracy in the Middle East
and a terror States in the Gaza Strip
and the Palestinian Authority is
patently insane well good for the Trump
administration the Trump administration
has stood tall here nikki Haley at the
UN doing what needed to be done
yesterday of course there was a UN
Security Council resolution brought
against Israel because of course there
was because the UN Security Council is a
heaping pile of flaming garbage the UN
itself should be torn down and we should
salt the ruins I mean the United Nations
is just a horrific institution a
horrible institution filled with evil
nations who get an equal say in the
supposed rules of international law it's
an absurd institution there's no
rationale for having an institution with
Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan on their
Human Rights Council it's just it's just
bizarre and weird anyway nikki Haley is
there and the UN has basically become a
staging ground for and for Democrats
it's a way for them to go there and rip
on the United States as Barack Obama was
fond of doing and for Republicans it's a
way for Republicans to go there and rip
on the the international body itself
there is nikki Haley yesterday defending
Israel's actions in the Gaza Strip which
of course you should be doing nikki
Haley again my spirit she is my spirit
animal at the UN at the UN nikki Haley
is my spirit animal here she is I asked
my colleagues here in the Security
Council who among us would accept this
type of activity on your border no one
would no country in this chamber would
act with more restraint then Israel has
in fact the records of several countries
here today suggests they would be much
less restrained of course all of this is
true whether they're 45 Palestinians who
were killed in Syria in April you heard
about any of that you hear about a word
about that note because it wasn't Jews
who are doing the shooting as long as it
is Jews who are defending themselves
then suddenly the world media is up and
armed someone explain a little while why
the media react this way with regard to
Israel as opposed to reacting when other
nations kill people wholesale as opposed
to Israel which engaged in
extraordinarily targeted killings
amazing again the New York Times was
suggesting indiscriminate killing by
Israel 50 of the 62 people who were
killed were actual members of Hamas we
know at least another three or member
visit of Islamic Jihad so that means
that 53 out of the 62 killed were active
members of terrorist organizations and
they're calling that indiscriminate
they're calling that indiscriminate hey
Bibi Netanyahu is exactly right here the
Prime Minister of Israel says listen
there's only one group of people who are
responsible for what's happening right
now and it is the folks at Hamas they're
pushing civilians women children into
the line of fire with the view of
getting casualties we try to minimize
casualties they're trying to incur
casualties in order to in order to put
pressure on Israel which is horrible and
what is the proof of this the proof of
this is that Hamas has repeatedly
historically
continuously hid behind civilians in the
middle of war there was a report from
The Washington Post in the middle of the
2014 Gaza war that Hamas was hiding
weapons in schools in schools because
they knew that if Israel were to bomb
the schools then the international
community would blame the Israel for the
hiding behind civilians this is not new
this is not new and again they are not
hiding the ball here I'm going to show
you some of the things than people in
the media been saying about this it's
just astonishing in just a second first
I want to say thanks to our new sponsors
over at dinotrap so dynatrap these are
the people who ensure that your house is
not filled with bugs summertime is
officially upon us and the only thing
more irritating than the Democrats or
the liberal or the left-leaning media
are the Flies mosquitoes and other
insects invading your home and you know
the honestly I'm not even sure that that
even the Flies and mosquitoes are quite
as annoying is the left media at this
point but you don't want either of those
things in your home and that's why you
need die in the trap so dynatrap is the
leading manufacturer of outdoor mosquito
and insect traps and they've come out
with the indoor dynatrap fly light it
looks like a subtle nightlight that
plugs into any in
or outlet the fly light works day and
night to attract and trap flies
mosquitoes other pesky insects and it
definitely worked so if you have you
want to open the window because a nice
night out but you're afraid that the
house is gonna be invaded with bugs well
this is why you need the dynatrap fly
light we've been using the dynatrap fly
light at our house because we do have a
bit of a bug problem and it really has
cleaned everything up it's really
terrific time the trap has other
products as well for outside trust me
there's nothing more embarrassing and
gross looking than hanging up an
old-school flypaper in your home it
makes it look like you live in a slum
plus you never know what kind of
bacteria flies are spreading which is
why you need dynatrap go to Dyn a tra P
comm it's dynatrap comm and enter the
promo code a ly wire and get 15% off any
of their products again that's 15% off
any of their products so go check it out
right now dynatrap comm enter that promo
code daily wire dynatrap is the safe
silent simple solution to household
insect control it is definitely
worthwhile getting keeping your house
and bug free okay so speaking of the
insanity of the media there there are
legitimately members of the media today
who are saying that because israel did
not lose any soldiers because there are
no Jews who are killed in this
confrontation with terrorists and
rioters at the border which is the whole
purpose of having a border the whole
purpose having a barbed wire borders so
that you do not have to have your own
soldiers killed attempting to kill
terrorists because Israel killed 62
people and Noah's Raley's were killed
there legitimately people saying today
that this is a massacre and Israel has
lost the moral high ground yeah I'm not
kidding they are saying that more Jews
should have died if Israel wanted to
show parody they should have apparently
just dropped a bunch of Jews naked into
the middle of the Gaza Strip and I have
a few of them torn apart limb from limb
as has actually happened to an Israeli
soldier in in Ramallah about 15 years
ago did you just go ahead and do that
and then everything will be fine then
well then we'll acknowledge that there's
moral parity but because Israel killed
more Palestinians and Israel did not die
there were no Israelis who died this
means there was no moral parity hey
Damon linker from the weak whose work
sometimes I like I mean this is crazy he
tweeted out when people on both sides
died it's a battle when people on only
one side die it's a massacre
even when Jews do it dude
go F yourself I mean are you kidding me
so if somebody attacks me on the street
and I pull out my gun and I shoot them
you know what the score is the score is
no 1 0 was it was it self-defense turns
out it was
because self-defense is not based on the
amount of damage that the person does to
me it is not based on how many of my
children the person kills before I shoot
them my whole goal is to prevent the
death of me or my children or my family
members or my friends that's what's
going on in Israel because if these
