leftists target chick-fil-a again more
fallout from the Trump Kim summit and
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan sets an
immigration vote I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
plenty to get to today if you missed it
last night we had a great new episode of
daily wire backstage with me and Andrew
Clavin and Michael Mills and Jeremy
boring it was a lot of fun you should go
check that out on YouTube you can check
it out as well on iTunes or SoundCloud
if you subscribe I believe it came out
in your feed this morning and we have a
lot to get to today first I want to say
thanks to our sponsors over $1 shave
club so if you have a shower or brush
your teeth or try to make your hair look
presentable like you're a human being
you need Dollar Shave Club I know your
bathroom is just filled with all sorts
of garbage that is just all over the
place well clean all that crap out and
instead get all the great stuff from
Dollar Shave Club so they deliver
everything you need to look feel and
smell your best it's shampoo conditioner
body wash toothpaste hair gel even a
wipe that leaves your butt feeling
tingly clean I'm a big fan of their
common body cleanser seriously the other
night my wife said why do you smell so
good and she knew it was not the usual
odor of been and instead it was the
calming body cleanser the amber and
lavender delight that was the calming
body cleanser
sometimes when I need to calm down I
just put on that calming body cleanser
I'm ready that really is actually pretty
spectacular all of Dollar Shave club's
products are made with top-shelf
ingredients that won't break your budget
and you will feel the difference plus
shipping is included with your
membership so here's the best way to try
all of their products for just five
bucks you can get their daily essentials
starter set it comes with body cleanser
one wipe Charlies the amazing butt wipes
the world-famous shea butter and their
best razor the six blade executive you
can keep the blades coming for a few
bucks more per month add in shampoo
toothpaste or anything else you need for
the bathroom check it all out at
dollarshaveclub.com slash pen that is
dollarshaveclub.com slash been so in a
little while we're going to get to
president Trump in the fallout from the
North Korean summit President Trump has
been tweeting some things which are in
my opinion not the smartest but with
that said obviously this big public
relations coup for the president the
president had himself a hell of a day in
the last couple of days he had he had a
hell of a 48 hours going to Singapore
and walking around with Kim and then
getting all sorts of good media coverage
for it his approval ratings are going to
rise because of it it's a very popular
movie even those of us who are skeptical
like me are so obviously hopeful that
President Trump it ends up being right
and this wasn't a stop to Kim for a
photo-op and it actually ends up curbing
Kim's nuclear ambitions and you know
what why don't we just jump right into
this the president Trump this morning he
tweets out quote just landed a long trip
but everybody can now feel so much safer
than the day I took office there's no
longer a nuclear threat from North Korea
mean with
Kim jong-un was an interesting and very
positive experience North Korea has
great potential for the future and
listen I think that if North Korea
decides to integrate into the family of
Nations and liberalize and get rid of
the nuclear weapons there is a great
potential for the future for president
Trump to say preemptively there's no
longer a nuclear threat from North
Korea's obviously untrue there's not a
single North Korean weapon that has been
disarmed at this point they have not
destroyed any of their nuclear capacity
and this sort of preliminary
triumphalism I objected into it to it
yesterday because I think that it boxes
president trumpet I think President
Trump wants to actually get something
good out of North Korea it is trust but
verify but you actually have to verify
and you can't trust that he's disarming
when he hasn't disarmed he hasn't even
said a timetable for disarming the North
Korean headlines that were the one
they're putting out in North Korea
suggests that Kim is telling his own
people that the United States and North
Korea have agreed to joint disarmament
what that technically means is that Kim
jong-un is claiming to his own people
the United States is going to disarm
nuclear Lee alongside North Korea which
of course is totally insane and never
going to happen
Trump also tweeted before taking off as
people were assuming that we were going
to war with North Korea President Obama
said that North Korea was our biggest
and most dangerous problem no longer
sleep well tonight
well again the sort of preliminary
triumphalism I think is actually not
useful and is pretty counterproductive
because here's the thing what President
Trump did is he basically signs in
advance against or royalties so when
you're in the book industry right when
you write a book then publishers
typically give you in advance and the
advance is supposed to incentivize you
to write the book and then you write the
book and then you get royalties on the
back ends but you don't immediately get
the royalties instead what happens is
that you have to pay off your advance so
if they advance you $20,000 for in
advance you have to make $20,000 worth
of royalties and those go back to the
publisher and then you make whatever
royalties are on top of that well in
negotiations what President Trump
effectively just did is he gave Kim
jong-eun in advance against royalties he
said listen I'm gonna give you
preemptively preliminary a lot of
credibility on the world stage I'm gonna
let you stand up here with me I'm gonna
give you the honor of shaking my hand
I'm going to allow you to fly your flag
alongside the flag of the United States
I'm gonna grant you tremendous
international legitimacy which does have
a practical impact it means that a bunch
of countries located around North Korea
are not going to isolate North Korea
nearly as intensely as they were before
instead it looks like they're going to
try and move for a normalization of
relations with North Korea all of that
is Priya
to give by the presidents of the United
States now as I said yesterday maybe
this ends up being a triumph the way it
ends up being a triumph is if kim
jeong-hoon actually doesn't want to come
to the table and not just come to the
table but offered tea nuclearization in
a real way if it turns out the president
Trump gave an advance against royalties
and then Kim jong-un doesn't earn out
right Kim Jong Un's book doesn't sell
Kim Jong Un's doesn't actually give
President Trump what he wants in return
then president Trump got bamboozled and
the real question is going to be is
president Trump willing to flip his
president Trump because of the the mark
of a good negotiation here if you're
gonna give an advance against royalties
is he claw that back right if Kim Jong
Un's lying if he's not telling the truth
then Trump claws it back now I have very
little doubt that if President Trump is
humiliated by Kim jong-un publicly that
he will go after Kim jong-un personally
he has done that before with all the
little rocket man talk which by the way
I kind of liked right man I talked about
it at the time and I said that was kind
of hilarious and worthwhile even you
know it is the president willing to flip
on on kim jong hoon now we know that
president obama was not willing to flip
on people who screwed him and talked so
when it came to iran president obama was
so invested in the idea that he'd gotten
a great deal then when it was very clear
that Iran was using all of the money
that they had now gotten for terrorism
and long-range missile development Obama
kept proclaiming that Iran had been
moderated that something magical had
been done in Iran he became the PR
agency for Iran well what you don't want
from the Trump administration is for
them to become the PR agency for North
Korea because they're so invested in the
possibility of a deal that they start
pretending that a deal exists when a
deal does not exist that's why I don't
think that it is worthwhile for
president Trump to be going out there
and preemptively saying that North Korea
is no longer a threat or a problem that
we've solved everything
that's not verification right that's
just trust you need trust but verify
yeah President Reagan people are
comparing Trump to Reagan because Trump
met with Kim jong-un and Reagan met with
Mikhail Gorbachev but Reagan never came
away from a meeting with Malcolm Mikhail
Gorbachev and said listen the USSR is no
longer a threat
they've been disarmed everybody can
sleep easy in their bed tonight Reagan
never said that what he said is the
negotiations are progressing we're
working on something we're going to try
and get them where we need to go it's
moving in the right direction
all of that I think would be more useful
for the president than for the president
to go out there and start preliminarily
declaring victory he also said we save a
fortune by not doing war games as long
as we are negotiating in good faith with
boat which both sides are again it's not
up to the president to determine whether
than whether the North Koreans
are negotiating in good faith we don't
know that yet we just don't know that
yet and to assume that they are
negotiating in good faith is I think a
fool's errand we actually have to assume
they're negotiating in bad faith until
they prove it to us right this should be
show me and it's time for the Kim family
to show the United States to show
President Trump that they really mean
what it is they are saying and this is
not me being critical of President Trump
for the sake of being critical of
President Trump I spent the last several
weeks praising President Trump on issues
ranging from the Jerusalem move to some
of his domestic policies with regard to
regulation go back and listen to the
show I've been doing it for weeks right
but the fact is that when President
Trump is putting himself in a bad
position these are the negotiations he's
putting himself in a bad position visa
vie negotiations and he's putting the
United States in a bad position visa vie
negotiations now is it possible of all
this works yes but it's a high risk high
gamble right I mean this is a high-risk
gamble the president is making right now
it's high-risk high-reward maybe he goes
out there he shakes hands he takes it on
himself he makes it look as though he's
legitimizing him and then it turns out
that Kim is Mikhail Gorbachev and
something great comes out of this maybe
that's what happens here but I'm gonna
wait for the great thing to come out of
it before I start preliminarily praising
and when I see the wild praise that's
happening on TV or the wild rips that
are happening on it's the end of the
world this is obviously stupid when I
see both of those things happening it
suggests to me that people are jumping
to their partisan hackery
that people are jumping to I want this
to be good I want this to be good for
president Trump I like president Trump I
trust President Trump therefore I'm not
gonna trust but verify about president
Trump I'm just going to trust President
Trump well I don't trust any president
okay I trust President Trump on policy
much more than I trusted President Obama
obviously but in the end everything has
to be verified and the deal has to be
verified so president Trump tweets out
that we are losing by that we save a
fortune by not doing war games as long
as we are negotiating in good faith
number one you shouldn't be using the
term war games war games is a North
Korean propaganda term for what it is
the United States does with South Korea
those are military exercises and
military naval exercises that we do with
South Korea for preparedness for our
troops or I've talked to members of the
military yesterday who talked about what
it is that we do in South Korea those
war games supposedly are also directed
toward China right they're directed for
training up a group of folks who can
work in concert with American troops if
God forbid some sort of military
conflict breaks out on the peninsula
look we all want the same thing here we
all want North Korea to disarm the
question is whether you think that
president Trump's original approach
right the harsh approach
North Korea was more likely to bear
fruit or if you think that President
Trump has to really give kim jeong runa
bear hug in order to accomplish this i
think that neither is particularly
necessary I think that I would rather
have president from wielding a big stick
and letting his lower level negotiators
going to negotiate a deal rather than
preemptively granting Kim jong-un all
this sort of international credibility
and legitimacy and taking our allies in
the region and making them more friendly
to kim jeong-hoon again high-risk
high-reward
mm if it pays off it's great if it
doesn't then it's not gonna be all that
great and we're not gonna know that for
at least several months probably so
president Trump didn't stop there let me
tweet it out so funny to watch the fake
news especially NBC and CNN they're
fighting hard to downplay the deal of
North Korea 500 days ago they would have
begged for the deal looked like war
would break out our country's biggest
enemy is the fake moon so easily
promulgated by fools now you know
look III think when President Trump rips
into the fake news I think sometimes
that's absolutely justified I think that
it is absolutely justified for the
president to point out that a year ago
everybody was deeply worried that North
Korea is going to nuke us into
obliteration right we were going to get
into a nuclear exchange with North Korea
just a few months ago the media were
proclaiming that Trump was was somehow
going to gin up a nuclear war on the
Korean Peninsula and now it's Trump
surrendering well which is it guys I
mean either you either you like kind of
more muscular Trump or you like
negotiating Trump but you got to pick
one you can't do this routine where
Trump is either going to bring about
world peace or he's gonna bring about
nuclear war this this inconsistency from
media really is quite calling so I
understand why President Trump is upset
with that said you know when the
president says our country's biggest
enemy is the fake news and then at the
same time like really within a couple of
hours he's tweeting out that North Korea
is no longer our biggest and most
dangerous problem instead they have
great potential for the future and
there's no longer a nuclear threat can
the North Koreans that that is still an
evil regime okay as much as I dislike a
lot of members of the mainstream media
as much they think that they are lying
on a frequent basis or at least biasing
their coverage on a frequent basis I'm
not gonna pretend that I think of the
the anchors at CNN in the same way I
think of kim jeong-hoon
kara country's greatest enemy are not
the fake news our country's biggest
enemy our places like North Korea still
at least until they prove that they are
not our enemy and they have not come
close to proving that as of yet so mr.
president take a page from the Reagan
playbook trust but verify
trust but verify and in the case of kim
jeong-hoon haven't even trust but verify
nothing has been put on paper yet in the
case of kim jong hoon i would distrust
and verify and the verification
protocols should be even stronger for
kim jong than they normally would be i
have a little bit more on this first i
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at Skillshare so Skillshare is an online
learning platform with over 20,000
classes in business design technology
and more you can take classes in social
media marketing illustration data
science mobile photography creative
writing you name it they've got it skill
skill show is great because if you
listen to the show I know you love
information I know that you love
learning I know it's something that you
are just really enthusiastic about
that's why we recommend books on the
program every day well when you need to
learn a skill you shouldn't be going to
YouTube and watching some doofus do
something for five minutes and now
you're an expert on marketing it's not
the way that works should be talking
with an expert you should be learning
from an expert and that's where skill
share comes in these are 45-minute
classes with experts in their various
fields I've taken classes in social
media marketing and SEO I took one in
watercolours from Skillshare they really
aren't terrific folks in the office you
said it's a great way to make your
resume deeper and broader it's a great
way to ensure that you have an updated
skillset at all times and right now you
can join the millions of listeners
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer for my listeners
get two months of Skillshare for just 99
cents right now skill show is offering
ben shapiro show listeners two months of
an unlimited access to over 20,000
classes for just 99 cents again
Skillshare comm slash capiro that skill
shared calm / prepare to start your two
months for free right now or for just 99
cents right now that skill shared calm /
appear oh go check it out you really
will enjoy it and I'm gonna use that /
bet and that / capiro it lets them know
that we sent you as well okay so you
know again should we be optimistic about
what President Trump is doing in with
North Korea sure sure I think optimism
is warranted
I think everybody should be optimistic
and hopeful the president needs to be
the strong leader he has been on foreign
policy I've been very critical of the
president when I think he's wrong I
think that there's risk the president is
wrong here and I think the president
needs to show the same sort of strength
and fortitude as he did when it came to
the Iran deal that he is with the with
the North Koreans you'll remember he
rejected the Iran deal
he said the Iran deal is no longer good
because we cannot trust the Iranians and
I was after we had signed a deal he said
we cannot trust them that was Obama's
deal so he wasn't tied to it what I'm
afraid of is the president Trump is
going to make a deal with the North
Koreans that isn't that great and then
he's going to feel
to that deal because he made the deal in
the first place I hope that's not the
case and I think his advisors I hope
will advise him that that should not be
the case yeah mr. president
by all means extend the warm hands in
North Korea if you think that that's
going to succeed but on the other hand
it's a velvet glove and inside there
must be an iron fist and if the iron
fist is gone already then we've just
handed Kim jong-un a victory there's
either gonna be a trumpian triumph or
it's going to be a kim coup and
