the left won't say gun confiscation but
that is what they're talking about we're
gonna talk about what that means what
good gun policy looks like and of course
Jimmy Kimmel gives another emotional
monologue and we'll break it down for
you i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
[Music]
all righty so we have a lot to get to
today here on the program undergo
through Jimmy Kimmel's monologue last
night that is sailing around the
internet and making all sorts of fuss in
the in the halls of media the Washington
Post said that it was just incredibly
brave the New York Times said that it
was ground shaking we're gonna talk
about what exactly he said what he's
wrong about I'm gonna give you a lot of
gun stats I'm gonna give you a lot of
information on gun violence violence
using guns what the stats actually say
what it means in comparable countries
I'm gonna show you some charts by the
time today's show is over you know a lot
more than you did before about guns
before I do any of that actually I want
to make an apology yesterday I made a
boo-boo on the show I knew it as I was
doing it it was really irritating
because I should have stopped then but
yesterday I said that a semi-automatic
gun can fire burst it can't okay like a
military that has a military rifle that
has the capacity for semi-auto sometimes
also has burst capacity but civilian
guns do not have the capacity at
semi-auto to go burst right every every
single pull of the trigger means a
single firing of the bullet that means
that you're not allowed to fire bursts
from like a normal ar-15 a burst of
three was I got that wrong yesterday I
want to correct myself and I'm wrong I
like to correct myself okay I'm gonna
get to all this information in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at blinds.com so
you're looking around your house and
you're thinking what can I do to make my
house look better today well the first
thing you can do is get rid of the
blinds like these ugly blinds right
behind me right you don't need those
blinds what you need is awesome blinds
from blinds.com they make it really easy
for you if you're not sure what you want
or even where to start at blinds calm
you get a free online design
consultation you send them pictures of
your house and they send back custom
recommendations from a professional for
what will work with your color scheme
your furniture specific rooms they'll
send you free samples to make sure that
everything looks as good in person as it
does online and if you miss measure you
pick the wrong color you're an idiot you
mess up blinds.com fixes it for you for
free they will remake your blinds for
free for a limited time you get 20% off
everything at blinds comm when you use
promo code Ben that's blinds comm promo
code Ben for 20% off everything and when
I say everything I mean everything maybe
like the faux wood blinds and the
cellular shades and the roller shades
and more no need for to have these ugly
1980s tiles blinds like I do right
behind me right now go-to blinds comm
instead blinds comm promo code Ben rules
and restrictions do apply go out and
check it out okay so I want to start
with the question why is it the me
whenever they call for gun control they
do it on the heels of a mass shooting
it's really an interesting phenomenon
right I understand why the media cover
mass shootings of course is big news I
mean what happened in Las Vegas over the
weekend was enormous frightening
horrifying news that makes you want to
stay in your house forever and never
come out again and just sit around
thinking about the nature of human evil
because it was that egregious but the
media never talked about gun control
outside the context of a mass shooting
now some of that is just opportunism
some of that is well we think that this
is a good time to talk about it because
everybody's talking about guns right now
but weekend after weekend you'll have
mass numbers of people being shot in
Chicago I know talk about national gun
control so why is it that they always do
it
with regard to mass shootings especially
because mass shootings represent a tiny
tiny minut percentage of the number of
shootings every year in the United
States
according to Mother Jones right you're
seeing the stat that's floating around
right now that's saying things like
three hundred and fifty five mass
shootings this year absolute crap
absolute crap the way that they're
measuring that is if there's any
incident where more than one person was
shot they're considering that a mass
shooting the way that Mother Jones
measures it and Mother Jones a lefty
magazine but they're intellectually
honest about this the way they measure
it is they measure any shooting that has
four or more people who are killed and
also is not a gang shooting and also is
not domestic violence and it's not
robbery so that's how you or I would
tend to think of a mass shooting this is
why when you see these stats about
hundreds of mass shootings you're
thinking no that's not right
because what you're thinking about what
the media are saying are two different
things with that said the number of mass
shootings every year in the United
States is actually quite low so in 2015
mark Fulham and Mother Jones he came up
with four four not 355 four in reality
in the Year 2015 there were 46 deaths in
mass shootings in 2015 how many federal
homicides were there involving guns
almost 13,000 so the number of mass
shooting deaths in 2015 were 0.3 percent
of all gun related homicides in the
United States the same sort of
percentage holds true today so why is it
that we pay so much attention to talking
gun control in the aftermath of a mass
shooting as opposed to say the normal
murder rate well there are a few reasons
one is the normal murder rate has been
going down steadily for the last 20
years so it's hard to make a case
that we need gun control when the murder
rate has been going like this right
murder rate per hundred thousand is down
it is not up in fact the murder rate is
is has been dropping steadily for years
and years and years and the statistics
that you are seeing from from you know
places like voxcom they're ignoring this
box.com did put this data up and they
buried it in one of their stories in
this 7a look at this chart okay the
chart that I'm about to show you is the
rate of firearm homicide deaths in the
United States in 1981 to 2010 you see
how its decline you see how completely
dropped off all right so it's very hard
to make a case that we need stronger gun
control when the crime rate has been
dropping off in the rate of firearm
homicide death has been dropping off as
well
also when you see a lot of statistics
about the rise in firearm deaths they
are conflating two types of death
they're conflating suicide and homicide
so the number of firearm homicides in
the United States has basically been
stagnant for 15 years the number of
suicides however has risen so here's the
chart showing you that the top line here
is the number of firearm suicides the
bottom line is the number of firearm
homicides so when everybody talks about
the number of people being killed with
guns a lot of those people are killing
themselves right a lot of those people
are murdering themselves so to suggest
that this is solely about the number of
murders is just not correct it's just
not accurate now I want to show you one
more chart this one also from voxcom
so this is the rate of firearm suicide
after Australia's gun buyback program so
they use this as proof that getting rid
of firearms can minimize suicide so what
they say is the buyback program begins
in 1996 and you see that the suicide
rates drop all the way to 2006 but I
want you to see what they did here and
look at the period before this look at
the period in 1992 1996 or more
accurately 1987 to 1996 all you see from
1996 to 2006 is basically a continuing
decline in trajectory so this idea that
the suicide rate in Australia was solely
due to the gun confiscation is just not
true again everybody is trying to create
these correlations and then suggests
that taking guns away is causative but
it isn't and if we're going to talk
about suicide rates by country we have
to talk about where suicide rates are
the highest not in
United States in Japan okay so here is a
chart showing you which countries have
really high suicide rates so if you look
at this chart what you'll see is that
the United States is way down there at
the bottom at 10.1 suicides from 100,000
people here are countries that have
higher suicide rates you ready Austria
Belgium Canada Czech Republic Denmark
Finland France Germany Hungary Iceland
Japan right the highest one I guess is
still hungry at 21 Japan has about 20
there are no guns in Japan none okay
they're like six firearm related deaths
in Japan last year but their suicide
rate is nearly double what our suicide
rate is the idea that getting rid of the
guns definitely gets rid of the suicide
is just not true again no correlation
there now I'm not saying that more guns
means less crime I'm not saying that
fewer guns means more crime what I'm
saying is that there is no clear
correlation there is no clear
correlation so I'm going to show you a
couple more stats because I think that
people need to understand this so here
are some stats courtesy of the
Washington Examiner so here is the first
step that your this stat comes from
Mother Jones okay so this stat shows you
this chart shows you the gun ownership
versus gun deaths by state so you see
how there's a line right and this looks
like a pretty smooth correlation right
it looks like gun ownership by versus
gun deaths by state the states with more
guns have more gun deaths right make
sense we're there only one problem
notice the language here gun deaths by
state remember what I just said there is
a correlation in the United States
between gun increase and suicide
increase but there is no correlation
between gun increase and murder increase
so what you're seeing here is a
reflection of the suicide increase how
do I know that because I'm going to show
you right now what it looks like when
you look at the firearms murder rate
okay not the not the not the suicide
rate the murder rate hey this is a
scatter plot of the states in the United
States their gun ownership rate versus
their firearms murder rate from 2014
what you're seeing right now does not
look like a straight line correlation it
doesn't look like any sort of
correlation it looks like a shot gun of
data it looks like there are some states
presumably the the one that's way up
there on the top is probably DC but the
idea here is that there are some states
that have sixty percent don't ownership
rate and very very low rates of firearms
murder and there are some states with
close to zero percent gun
ownership rate and low rates of firearms
murder there are some states right here
in the middle that look a little bit
higher but you know again there is no
correlation at all here and to suggest
that there is is really incorrect and
then finally I will show you one more
chart and that is from again this one is
from the FBI and census related
materials firearms murders per 100,000
residents and I'm gonna and here you see
the District of Columbia is far and away
far and away the the state that has the
most fire armor notice that the states
that have the most firearm murder also
have big cities in them so big cities so
except for New York which has a pretty
low firearms murder rate every area in
the United States 60% of all murder in
the United States happens in I believe
the top 50 metro areas those tend to be
Democrat areas those tend to be urban
areas those are areas that are not what
people think of when they think of
murder rate with high gun root ratios
they think when people think high murder
rate high guns they think you know the
boonies in Texas that's not what all the
murders happening the reason I'm
pointing all this out is because you're
hearing a lot of bad data today you're
hearing a lot of bad data today from
1993 to 2013 the number of guns per
person rose from 0.94 in the United
States to one point four five now fewer
people as a percentage of the population
had guns what that means that a lot of
people like me are buying two guns right
or they're like you and they're buying
five guns but the number of firearms per
person has risen but and the gun
homicides have completely fallen off the
gun homicides have fallen dramatically
so it's important to have all this
information in your head as background
before we start going through all of the
all of the various propaganda that's
being put out that left on this before I
go through more of the propaganda and we
get to Jimmy Kimmel and you break down
what he said about gun violence which i
think is really not just politically
egregious I actually think it's morally
egregious and I'll talk about it in a
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over the u.s. concealed
carry Association so I mean right now
obviously you're looking for ways to
protect yourself in cases of violence
and that's why you need the 2017
concealed carry and family defense guide
from the u.s. concealed carry
Association they're giving away a
hundred percent free right now in it
you'll learn how to detect attackers
before they see you they talk in this
book about how to survive a mass
shooting if it's possible the safest and
most dangerous places sit in a
restaurant how to responsibly own and
store a gun even if you
little kids and a whole lot more is 164
pages it comes with a bonus audio
version so you can listen right now in
your car you owe it to yourself to get
yourself this guide defend my family now
calm defend my family now time you get
that guide 100% free instant access you
can listen to it in the car again it's
it's it's invaluable and the u.s. ECA
also has other services like if you have
to shoot somebody now what do you do
when the cops come they help you out
with all of that so you SCC I go to
defend my family now calm again that is
defend my family now calm so okay so we
were talking about why is it that the
media focusing on mass shootings when
mass shootings are such a minority of
shootings so the first reason is because
they believe that they can use the
emotional baggage for mass shootings in
order to promote a particular agenda the
second reason is because the type of gun
and mass shootings differs wildly from
the type of gun that's used in most
homicides so in most homicides what's
used as a handgun right not a rifle in
mass shootings it tends to be a rifle
the left likes to target rifles because
rifles look scarier and fewer people own
them many many many more people own
handguns and own rifles in the United
States and so the left doesn't want to
run right into the teeth of political
unpopularity by suggesting that they can
get rid of all the handguns instead they
like to focus in on the scary ones the
assault rifles right all that kind of
stuff well you can't do that if you look
at the overall murder rate the only way
to do that is by looking at mass
shootings where disproportionately
people use semi-automatic rifles or in
this particular case what looks like a
semi-automatic rifle using a particular
type of stock that that bounces against
your shoulder and makes the gun operate
sort of like an automatic again it's
also worth noting that they like to
cherry-pick so the reason they pick mass
shootings as the as the basis for their
arguments is because the evidence for
gun control is strongest on mass
shootings the reason being the sample
size is really really small the number
of mass shootings generally across the
world is not particularly high so it's
easy to look at something like
Australia's gun confiscation and then
say well before that they had a gun a
mass shooting once every five years and
now they've had none okay but the sample
size is just too small
Australia's gun ban was followed by
elimination of mass shootings the UK has
seen about three since 1980 after its
gun ban but it wasn't like they were
seeing them every week before that
correlation rarely equals causation and
finally the reason the Left likes to
focus on mass shootings as opposed to
homicides is because that's a case where
it's very easy for them to separate the
weapon from the person wielding it mass
shootings are very often carried out by
people who are mentally ill who have
serious problems if the left came to you
and said you need to give up your gun
because gang members are shooting each
other in the inner city you tell you
what no that's the reason for me to keep
my gun right because I'm not a gang
member I want to defend myself if the
left says listen people are mentally ill
you don't know who's mentally ill and
maybe somebody in your family will be
mentally ill give up your gun that's a
stronger case for them the problem is
the vast majority of murders in the
United States or not by mentally ill
people obviously so they want to focus
on situations where it is a mentally ill
person who's carrying out the attack and
therefore it is possible that they can
they can shy it off on society at large
with the availability of guns at large
as opposed to creating a moral status
for the person who's actually using it
so before we get to Jimmy Kimmel and I
really do want to get to Jimmy Kimmel I
first want to show you a couple of
things that people have been talking
about and that probably should be
outlawed they should be outlawed I say
you know if we're gonna talk about
legislation there are a couple of
changes to legislation that I would make
one is there's a while called 18 USC 922
G that is a provision in federal law
that prevents firearms federally
licensed firearms dealers from selling
to mentally ill people one of the things
that needs to be done is Task Forces
needs to be set up in order to
investigate the the crossover between
the number of mentally ill people people
who are registered as mentally ill and
people have gotten guns in California
there's like thirty thousand people in
the state of California who are
registered as mentally ill and still
have guns in their house that's a
problem so that's that's a situation
where we should look into it that is not
a rip by the way on what President Trump
did earlier this year when presidents
from signed a law that suggested that if
you are on Social Security and you're
incapable of handling your own finances
then we should take we shouldn't be able
to take your gun away from you without
due process the key word there is
without due process that's the key
phrase the left ignores that key phrase
that's what the bill did before it was
if they even suspect right if the Social
Security Administration has you
registered as somebody who is using an
aid to help you with finances they come
and take away your gun the bill says no
we actually have to adjudicate that
you're incompetent before we can take
