what are the principles whereby we can
navigate in the space of all possible
experience and experience better and
better lives and a better a better world
so today's Sunday's special featuring
Sam Harris the author of waking up and
the host of the waking up podcast will
begin in just a second first I want to
remind you that you're gonna die I'm
just gonna tell you right now it's gonna
happen and when that happens if you
don't have life insurance they're gonna
be really sorry 71% of people say they
need life insurance the answer is 100%
of people need life insurance and only
59% of people have coverage so at least
12% of people who want it are
procrastinating and sure normally
procrastinating is a bad thing but if
you're going to die it's an even worse
thing because while you are putting off
getting life insurance getting life
insurance was getting easier with policy
genius policy genius is the easy way to
compare life insurance online you can
compare quotes in just five minutes when
it's that easy putting it off becomes a
lot harder you can compare quotes while
sitting on the couch watching TV or
while you're listening to this podcast
just try it policy genius has helped
over 4 million people shop for insurance
and placed over 20 billion dollars in
coverage they don't just make life
insurance easy they make disability
insurance and renter's insurance and
health insurance easy if you care about
it they can cover it so if you need life
insurance but you've been putting it off
because it's too confusing or you think
you don't have time checkout policy
genius the easy way to compare top
insurers find the best value for your
for you know sales pressure zero hassle
it's free policy genius calm when it's
this easy to compare life insurance why
put it off well speaking of life and
death Sam Harris yeah thank you so much
for stopping by sure and you know there
are certain weird things that happen in
your life where you think I'll never end
up being friends with that guy and then
you and I have ended up becoming pretty
friendly which is we're just really kind
of interesting so Sam Harris for those
who don't know is not only perhaps the
foremost atheist philosopher on planet
Earth he's also the host of the waking
up podcast he's a neuroscientist knows
run on neuroscientist and philosopher
they should check out his podcast is
just terrific and all of his books are
really worth the read I disagree with
them strenuously and they're really
intelligent really fun to read and he's
not trying to hide the ball so Sam
thanks so much for stopping by so let's
just jump right in with the fact that
you and I are now sitting together
because that in and of itself is a weird
thing what has happened in the country
that we're now part of this kind of
deviant conversation from the mainstream
that seems to be growing an audience
sighs well I you know
you and I are both part of this wing of
the media where we're having long-form
conversations that you're on podcast and
on you know YouTube videos where we're
reaching a surprisingly large audience
and because of the format we're not put
in these weird rhetorical boxes where we
have to struggle to make the other guy
look bad in the 45 seconds remaining you
know on CNN or wherever it is and so we
really can unpack a an argument and we
can search for the possibility of
convergence in real time together and so
that it's you know you might not notice
the difference if you're listening to
this in any you know 30-second bit of
conversation but over the course of an
hour or two hours you notice that you're
hearing a conversation that you're not
hearing elsewhere and so that I think
and you and I are we don't agree as you
say about about many things but we're
we're in the same media channel and
we're approaching these conversations in
a similar spirit of just being willing
to put our thoughts on the line and and
based on a principle of charity engaged
with the best version in our opponents I
think that's that's really important
because as you say when you're when
you're spend your life in cable news
it's always finding the worst version of
the argument bashing it with a club
until it's dead like a baby seal on the
ice but you know it's really interesting
so that the intellectual dark web which
is a coin turned by our friend Eric
Weinstein at your podcast where we were
doing a taping your podcast in San
Francisco and that of course is a
conversation between three people who
disagree on a wide variety of topics
what do you think sort of characterizes
this has become really controversial the
term itself there's been a lot of
backlash to even the idea that there is
an intellectual dark web does it exist
if so what are the sort of common
factors you think that unify the widely
disparate viewpoints therein well I
think it's what I just mentioned the
fact that these conversations are
happening in the dark with respect to
the mainstream media I don't think most
people at the New York Times or on CNN
understand how big your audience is or
how big Joe Rogan's audience is or my
audiences it's just the numbers would
surprise them and the fact that people
are listening with that level of
engagement would surprise them and yeah
ideology ideological commitment to side
or beliefs aside we're we're having
conversations you
that are not really yet on the radar of
the mainstream media and yet we have
analogous large audiences and again it's
it's a spirit of intellectual honesty
and adventure where we're not we're not
stuck simply trying to win points you
know may you and I will debate many
topics and you know I think I'm right
you think you're right and and it will
have the character of a debate but in
reality as as hard-hitting as any of
those exchanges could ever be
I'm not approaching it the way you turn
it over and look under the other side of
the rock and look at these viewpoints
all the way through and one of the
things that I think has happened it's
driven this group of people together is
the fact that the hard left has become
so ensconced in identity politics I know
that you obviously got into a very well
publicized exchange with as a recline at
Vox over this yeah and which I thought
he wasn't that fun I thought he was
deeply intellectually dishonest shocker
I thought it was deeply intellectually
dishonest and then his suggestion that
that you were saying identity politics
is bad isn't it in and of itself a form
of identity politics or what do you make
of this whole identity politics rising
tide and what do you think the backlash
do that's gonna be where is it coming
from well it's coming mostly from the
left its producing a counter effect on
the right which is you know white or
even white male identity politics you
know and so it's natural to see that
these two sides are amplifying one
another but on the Left it's much more
troubling for me because the left is the
space traditionally where you know
self-criticism and and wondering whether
or not you might be wrong is is just
what a paramount virtue right and so
your but what it would do that has
metastasizes it has metastasized in this
context to a kind of shattering of
epistemology where you know there's
there on some level there's no such
thing as truth there's just power right
we're just responding to differences in
power and all of this is anchored to
unchangeable characteristics like skin
color and and and sexual preference and
so it's just you are Wow I'd now often
describe this as just the the most
unhappy game of Dungeons and Dragons
that ever was invented because you have
to negotiate these power differentials
based on victimology
you know how many victimology points you
have in this game and you know as a
white privileged heterosexual you
basically have no points right so you're
you're you're not empowered to have a
credible opinion on any of the most
important topics of our time right
you're just you're either just part of
the problem with respect to all of these
variables and you're you're mansplaining
or you're you know cultural
appropriation or you're you know
weighting in here I mean this is what
happened with Ezra Klein at one point he
said you know we're two privileged white
Jewish guys who had who shouldn't be
talking about race at all right like
this is not something we can weigh in on
and then I want to change the topic to
anti-semitism it got no better for some
reason but it was it's a problem because
I mean I did clearly if we want to get
to a post-racial society if we want to
get to a society where human beings can
simply be identified as as human beings
the endgame can't be taking things like
race and gender and gender difference
and sexual orientation it immutably
seriously right this can't be just the
the in eradicable variables that had
define a person's position on important
topics for all time you know we're not
if we get to Mars and we're still
worried about skin color right you know
you know in a Martian colony we've done
something wrong and so I think we need
to reverse engineer what we think the
the the end state should be and clearly
identity politics is not the game we
should be playing a green I mean
obviously it's destroying the capacity
to even have these conversations cuz
there's no way to have a conversation
with someone who is spending the entire
time assessing whether your point of
view is even worth being taken seriously
as opposed to the rational nature of
what you're saying and and I think
that's that's one of the factors I think
that's unifying those of us we're having
these conversations I think another
factor that's that's unifying all of
this is a belief in in day
now I know that you you know obviously
are a deep believer in in data and
science I'm quite fond of data in
science myself although you would argue
obviously that is a religious person I'm
not fond quite enough of data in science
we'll get to some of that in a little
bit but it seems to me that one of the
one of the downsides of the identity
politics is the attempts to paint it
into a corner science as those Sciences
and outgrowth in particular culture and
is therefore irrelevant to general
swaths of people so in the Ezra Klein
interview for example when you suggested
that group differences in IQ exist and
you weren't even saying that those group
differences in IQ are attributable to
environment or genetics you were saying
we don't know the answer to that if I
don't want mischaracterize review and he
was immediately coming back with well
you can't say that and I'm not sure how
we're supposed to have conversations
when you legitimately can't cite data
before you even start having a
conversation yeah yeah and so you know
in defense of people who worry about
this kind of thing you know it's
obviously possible for data to be wrong
and then the conversation continues even
once you have data but what we should
all be anchored to is a good-faith
intellectually honest non smear
merchants approach to analyzing what we
think we know and why we think we know
it and those principles of rationality
and an empirical engagement with with
reality
simply are not susceptible to an
identity or even a political
interpretation I mean this is just this
is why reason is the only thing that
scales maybe if if I have a good enough
argument based on clear enough evidence
it should persuade you if you are you
being reasonable no matter what's your
background no matter who your parents
were no matter how you were mistreated
or not as a child you know if we build a
reasonable robot it should be persuaded
by the right arguments and the right
data so it rationality is is the mode of
argument where it doesn't depend who you
are
in order to in order to reach the right
answer I mean this is this is why
prototypical you know prototypically
reasonable or reason based topics are so
easily divorced from politics and things
mathematics right if people are anyone
who's going to argue that mathematics or
philosophical logic is is just a tool of
you know political ideology and
oppression it just knows nothing about
those topics but it's true that
virtually every other place that we
really care about facts and and you know
being right or wrong has that character
as it should be true ultimately of
journalism it's a you know either you
know Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy or
he didn't right this is a it's a fact
about a human being holding a gun right
and we and we they get access to the
data or we don't so the fact that so
much of our discussion about what's
going on you know in terrestrial reality
is it's based on or so it was filtered
through the lens of people's political
commitments is it's just highly
dysfunctional
it's just not something to be maintained
we should be cutting through it wherever
we can so where do you think that the
United States is going because obviously
we've seen you know the rise of your
audience is enormous you have a huge
audience I think a lot of folks you
mentioned Joe Rogan has an enormous
audience Jordan Peterson obviously has a
very big audience a lot of these people
have a very big audience do you think
that the the rise of these new
conversations is are you optimistic or
pessimistic do you think that these new
conversations are going to turn into a
new sort of brand of politics that ends
up saving the country or are you
pessimistic and you think that ya
density politics machines that are now
operating at seemingly full blast on all
sides do you think that those end up
winning the day for the moment I don't
know yeah I really just the future is is
a big question mark for me because
because the present is fundamentally
surprising to me I didn't think we would
get Trump yeah there's almost nothing
and and getting Trump I didn't think we
would get the kind of reaction we see to
Trump and I could have predicted the
reaction on the left but it just amazes
me every day that he is as untouchable
based on his own missteps and and gaffes
and you know crazy utterances which is
the fact that nothing sticks to him it
surprises me every day so I don't quite
know how we got here I think we I mean I
think you and I will be fine right now
I'm very optimistic about our having
conversations like this and this
this channel in media would be having a
durable interest for people but whether
it will affect any real political change
in the near term I don't know because I
see that the left is fully capable of
playing a a what should be a fairly good
hand so badly is to just amplify you
know white populism and and trumpism for
you well beyond Trump's next four years
I just think it's there's there's no
mistake so idiotic that the left isn't
capable of it and that a and I'm you
know as you point out or as we'll
discover I'm you know I'm on the left on
virtually every relevant question except
except the ones we've been talking about
which is you know the virtues of
identity politics and victimology so
let's talk about your political
viewpoint a little bit so you say you're
on the left on a bunch of different
issues are you more on the Left socially
as far as being libertarian here has I
mean the truth is that you and I
probably agree on the government's role
in a lot of those particular areas
probably not on abortion but on same-sex
marriage for example you know I think we
probably agree the government should not
be involved in these sorts of decisions
yeah but as far as economics are you
also on the left ear are you more in
favor of redistribution ISM and on what
grounds well I I think the the
government I am a fan of libertarianism
up to a point I think the government
should only do what it can do best right
so answer that we know there's me
nothing but yep so then it then I think
the the the arguments about what markets
can do and and and not do it you know
that that's where it all gets hashed out
I think there are things that Marcus
just can't efficiently incentivize that
we really as a society want to
incentivize as quickly as possible so if
it said it transferred to a renewable
economy I think waiting around for the
market to get that perfectly right you
know for and you know which might only
happen if we just run out of oil you
know I think that's waiting too long
right so I think it's good so for
instance of people who and and also we
should recognize that the oil industry
is already subsidized right so it's so
if you got those subsidies out then
there would be a clear competition with
renewables and but I think it would be
rational for the government to
well pick a winner in that space not a
winner is it with respect to a specific
company but recognize that we want
there's certain things we want to
incentivize and one of them would be say
to get off of oil right forget about
global warming for a second just we want
clean air right so we wanted to
incentivize clean air the market isn't
necessarily the best way to do that
because if you are burning something
horrendous in your factory you can to
adequately compensate me for for the
smoke that you know blows over the fence
right there externalities obviously so I
think I think the externalities in many
cases are I think libertarians ignore
them or they think that that far too
blunt and instrument would correct for
them something like you know boycott you
know so if you're a massive polluter you
know and I don't like it I can organize
a boycott against you and in the
fullness of time that's going to do its
work but I think that's getting truer
and truer right I think the power of a
boycott now is with social media is is
is probably also as sharp as it can get
or or has ever been but yeah it's easy
to look back you know 20 years to see
just how ineffectual those efforts
might've been against big corporations
as you wonder whether whether the
government intervention ISM in the in
environmental issues particularly is in
fact you want an instrument given that
there are technological changes that
take place that radically changed the
nature of many of these industries so
for example I'm believer than the next
20 to 30 years very few people are
actually gonna commute to work I mean
the Internet has made it essentially
possible for you to work wherever you
want it's made it possible for me to
work wherever I want they're still
factories out there but that's a
shrinking percentage of the American
workforce I mean you're seeing major
retailers go out of business
specifically because people are sitting
home and and it may not be efficient for
companies to have all these trucks
running on the road as opposed to having
various forms of transportation so it
seems like a lot of the time on the gut
this is my worry isn't like a lot of the
time when the government tries to
intervene on behalf of you know curbing
those externalities it ends up doing a
lot more damage than it would if if we
would have been able to leave the market
in place in the market would come up
with solutions that would be better for
a broader spectrum of people but that
