nikki Haley quits the UN makes a
catastrophic prediction regarding global
warming and President Trump goes after
Taylor Swift much to my producers great
dismay I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show well after the laughter and
revelry of all the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation it turns out that today is
indeed a sad day because two icons two
icons were lost to us nikki Haley for me
you an ambassador nikki Haley for me she
resigned today we'll talk about that in
just a second and Taylor Swift came in
for some harsh critiques from President
Trump much to my producer Sonya's dismay
so we will get to all of that as well
but first let's talk about that thing
that you are wearing on your wrist is it
nice that watch
I don't think so is it as nice as this
watch no it is not as nice as this watch
how do I know because you don't have a
movement watch do you do you well you
certainly should movement has come
pretty far from being crowdfunded kids
working out of a living room in the past
year they've not only introduced a ton
of new watch collections for men and
women they've also expanded sunglasses
and fashion-forward bracelets for her I
have a movement watch my wife has a
movement watch I should have two of them
my parents both have movement watches
they make a great gift they are really
nice looking watches for not a
particularly luxurious price movement
watches are all about looking good and
keeping it simple they don't tell you
how many steps you're taking or how many
calories you burn all they do is tell
you the time which is what I watch is
supposed to do movement watch a start at
just $95 at a department store you're
looking at 400 to 500 bucks movement
figured out that by selling online they
could cut out the middleman and save on
cost and you reap the benefit get 15%
off today with free shipping and free
returns by going to MVM t.com slash
shapiro that's MVM t comm slash shapiro
classic designed quality construction
style minimalism see why the movement
keeps growing MVM t-dot-com
slash up here to check it out so today
is indeed a sad day ambassador nikki
Haley United Nations ambassador nikki
Haley my spirit animal she decided that
she was going to resign apparently a few
days ago and that was just announced
today all I can say is I'm stuck in a
glass cage of emotion a glass cage of
emotion I'm so sad right now
I'm the sadness overwhelms me at times
if I have to take a break to go
cry in the corner and just rock myself
and eat ice cream that might be
happening a little bit later in the show
we'll try to avoid it as best we can
nikki Haley made that announcement in
the White House with President Trump
today it was a shock announcement here's
what she had to say um it has been an
honour of a lifetime I know I said I am
such a lucky girl to have been able to
leave the state that raised me and to
serve a country I love so very much has
really been a blessing and I want to
thank you for that
now nikki Haley was indeed a badass in
her job as the UN Ambassador she
basically spent every day going and
yelling at despots which was inches
great at it I mean she would go in and
she would talk about how the United
States was exceptional and America was
unique place and our allies like Israel
were worth supporting and how the UN was
basically the most Eisley of the
international institutional sort of lay
out and she was exactly correct about
all of those things I will miss nikki
Haley greatly she explains some of the
things that she got done as UN
Ambassador most excited to look at the
two years look at what has happened in
two years with the United States on
foreign policy now the United States is
respected countries may not like what we
do but they respect what we do they know
that if we say we're going to do
something we follow it through and the
president proved that whether it was
with the chemical weapons in Syria
whether it's with NATO saying that other
countries have to pay their share I mean
whether it's the trade deals which have
been amazing
they get that the president means
business okay so there are but a bunch
of rumors about what's going to happen
next
people suggesting that nikki Haley is
going to take Senator Lindsey Graham
spot Lindsey Graham is going to become
the the UN Ambassador that's not going
to happen I'm just gonna say that right
here right now Lindsey Graham has no
interest in giving up a Senate seat to
go be UN Ambassador it would be a great
solution it would be really
Machiavellian to move her into the
Senate where she could just do battle
with Kamala Harris on a daily basis it
would be spectacular
I would enjoy watching it and Lindsey
Graham would actually make a terrific UN
ambassador because it would be full time
Lindsey Graham 2.0 that's all that he
would do all day long would be Lindsey
Graham 2.0 and just yell at people which
would be amazing but unfortunately I
don't think that's going to happen there
are some rumors that maybe it'll be Dena
Powell who is a former member of the
administration or maybe it'll be brick
Rennell who
would be terrific he's our current
ambassador to Germany I really doubt
that they're gonna call him back from
Germany to make him you an ambassador
there are a few other possibilities
nikki Haley is is not going to stay with
the administration she's out she is not
going back to the Senate my guess is
that she is gonna go back into politics
maybe a couple of years from now but I
get the sense from her from from folks
who know her that she actually does just
want to take some time out that she's
sort of been burned out on this job and
I hear her I mean that's that's a pretty
brutal job I met with ambassador Haley
just a few months back and it's not the
easiest job in the world going in there
every day number one having to watch
what the administration is saying and
doing and number two having to go in
with some of the worst people on earth
and tried to negotiate with them on a
regular basis so good for Nikki Haley
and she certainly has all sorts of
gratitude from folks like me for
everything that she did I'm very sad
indeed to see her go meanwhile the
United Nations put out a report and this
is getting all sorts of press on the
left and so I think it's worth going
through in detail so the UN is is not a
good institution it is a an institution
that is replete with the interests of a
lot of very very bad nations who have
interests that are not quite American
interests but one area where the UN
actually has done some research one area
where science is supposed to take the
leading role is with the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change there's a big report out today it
came out on Monday actually and it is a
report all about the supposed at higher
risk from climate change even with a
lower level of climate change so we were
told for many years that over the course
of the next century we were gonna get to
three to four degrees Celsius in across
the planet doesn't the average climate
change and then it turns out that this
new report basically says that we are
warming less fast than the than the UN
thought we were so the UN keeps giving
these 10 year window saying in 10 years
we're really gonna blown it in five
years we're gonna blown it in three
years we're gonna have blown it well now
the new report this should be the
headline today it's not the headline the
new report basically suggests sort of
the opposite that this is in Chapter two
of this new report and the key quote
says quote there is high agreement
across various lines of evidence
assessed in the report that there are
in carbon budget from 1.5 degrees
Celsius or 2 degrees Celsius would be
larger than the estimates at the time of
the r5 the a r5 is the last big study
they did that was back in I believe
2013-2014 what that means you know in in
non-science peak is that it turns out
that our carbon emissions have been
lower than they thought they were when
they first made their estimate which
means that the climate is warming it's
slightly a lower rate than they thought
it would be at this point so the
estimated date for hitting 1.5 degrees
Celsius of global warming is actually
it's been pushed out further now they
were saying that we were gonna hit that
in 3 4 years
now they're saying we're gonna hit that
in 10 years they keep pushing that down
the line the reason that this creates
some skepticism among folks is not
because people don't necessarily believe
in climate change at all is that the
climate is not changing it does raise
questions as to the sensitivity of the
climate to human produced carbon
emissions human-produced greenhouse
gases skepticism I think is warranted
with regard to some of the more
outrageous claims that are being made by
UN members and radical leftists who do
indeed many of them have an alternative
agenda and I'm not just saying they have
an alternative agenda they're basically
saying so there's gonna be Eric Holt's
house who is a meteorologist and a
visiting scholar at at um and IO n I'm
not sure what the University of
Minnesota I suppose and he he actually
calls for an end to capitalism in order
to fight climate change now there are a
lot of folks on the right who have been
suggesting for a long time that was
actually the agenda here that all of the
worry the extreme worry about climate
change was really designed to hamper
America's economy in the world and the
evidence for this was actually presents
right there was evidence that for
example the Paris Accords which were
demands on the United States that we
were supposed to radically shift how we
did business while other countries made
empty promises about how they did
business right China suggested for
example that they were committed to
reducing greenhouse gases after peaking
in 2030 well American Studies already
showed that China was planning on
peaking its greenhouse gases in 2030s
they promised to do something they're
already going to do India promised that
they were going to gradually lower
greenhouse gas emissions at some point
in the future so that promise didn't
mean anything and so a lot of folks in
the United States were saying well why
are we committing ourselves to attempts
and targets when the world
greatest emitters and polluters are not
actually tying themselves to anything of
substance here
well Eric holthouse he says this if
you're wondering what you can do about
climate change the world's top
scientists just gave rigorous backing to
systemically dismantle capitalism as a
key requirement to maintaining
civilization and a habitable planet I
mean if you're looking for something to
do so the idea is that we have to get
rid of capitalism completely where is he
getting this from in the report well
there's a section in chapter 4 of this
UN report that says increasing evidence
suggests that a climate sensitive
realignment of savings and expenditure
toward low emission climate resilient
infrastructure and services requires an
evolution of global and national
financial systems estimates suggest that
in addition to climate friendly
allocation of public investments that'd
be like building levees and ensuring
that there is infrastructure a potential
redirection of 5 to 10 percent of annual
capital revenues is necessary so
basically the entire profit margin
should be redirected as the UN suggests
that it should be redirected now there
are several problems with this report
the first problem is the way that it's
actually reported by the mainstream
media so the way that the New York Times
reports this is that it's a landmark
report from the UN scientific panel on
climate change painting a far more dire
picture of the immediate consequences of
climate change than previously thought
except that's not really true not much
change between the 2013 report and this
particular report the AR 5 in this
report not much changed at all in fact
the only thing that really changed is
that they said that their forecasts for
doom it has actually been pushed out a
few more years but the way the New York
Times covers this is that everyone is
going to die at 1.5 degrees Celsius
change by 2040 as opposed to 2 degrees
Celsius change by 2040 the report issued
on Monday by the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change says that a world it
describes a world of worsening food
shortages and wildfires a mass die-off
of coral reefs as soon as 2040 a period
well within the lifetime of much of the
global population when the New York
Times says that what they want you to
picture is the day after tomorrow that
movie with Dennis Quaid we're suddenly a
giant tsunami just washes through New
York City and sets the whole place under
ice for a thousand years and global
warming is responsible for the rise in
the sea levels and everyone dies and
it's catastrophic it's deep impact
except with climate
the problem is that that's not really
true all of this climate change is going
to happen over the course of the next
century human beings are pretty good and
adaptable when it comes to adapting over
time to threats that present themselves
over time climate has been changing
across the world for the last century
and a half we listen to 1880 1870 and
human beings have been migrating and
moving and developing new technologies
to deal with all of that and the same
will hold true in the future as well now
to talk a little bit more about the UN
report in just a second but first let's
talk about how you can save some money
on your postage okay so every time you
go to the post office it cost you money
to actually get in the car and drive to
the post office it cost you time because
you have to get in the car and go to the
post office no more now you can get all
the great services of the post office
from stamps com you can access all of
their amazing services right from your
desk 24/7 when it is convenient for you
buy and print official US postage for
any letter any package using your own
computer and printer the mail carrier
picks it up just click print mail you're
done could not be easier we use stamps
Commons daily wire offices save
ourselves time save ourselves money and
again we use it because it is so super
efficient and right now there's a
special offer when you use promo code
Shapiro's you get up to 55 bucks of free
postage plus a digital scale and a four
week trial again that stamps calm before
you do anything else there's a radio
microphone at the top of the page type
in Shapiro and you save all of that
money 55 bucks free postage digital
scale four week trial go to stamps calm
promo code Shapiro again all those great
services of the post office without
actually having to travel down to the
post office pretty spectacular deal when
you use promo code Shapiro stamps comm
and for promo code Shapiro so according
to Bill hare who's author of previous
IPCC reports and a physicist with
climate analytics and nonprofit
organization they're a left-leaning one
we are not aware of this just a few
years ago it's quite a shock and quite
concerning so this is the first report
commissioned by world leaders under the
Paris agreement which again is that 2015
pact that people supposedly signed but
really made no real commitment to keep
and Trump said this is a waste of time
and pulled us out of it so the authors
found found that if greenhouse gas
emissions continue at the current rate
the atmosphere will warm up by as much
as two point seven degrees Fahrenheit
one point five degrees Celsius above
pre-industrial levels by 2040 inundating
coastlines and intensifying droughts and
poverty
there are significant problems I should
mention in climate change modeling none
of the models that been put forth so far
actually reflect the level of climate
change that's been occurring virtually
all of them overshoot the mark and
that's because climate is actually very
difficult to predict there are a lot of
factors that are involved in climate now
how much of climate change is caused by
human activity certainly some the IPCC
says 80% folks like Roy Spencer who I'm
sure you've heard on other talk radio
shows heard in my Rush Limbaugh Roy
Spencer he says that he thinks it's
about 50% but certainly our contribution
to greenhouse gas emissions leads to
climate change the question is really
not whether that's happening it's to
what extent and also what the economic
damage is from such climate change what
the human damages from such climate
change so the New York Times is playing
this up as much as humanly possible
avoiding the most serious damages
requires transforming the world economy
within just a few years say the authors
who estimate that the damage would come
at a cost of 54 trillion dollars but
while they conclude that it is
technically possible to achieve the
rapid changes required to avoid 2.7
degrees of warming they conclude it may
be politically unlikely for example the
report says that heavy taxes or prices
on carbon dioxide emissions perhaps as
high as 27 thousand dollars per ton by
2100 would be required that's a $40 per
gallon tax on carbon that's what you're
talking about
every time you go to the pump and you
buy 10 gallons of gas you'd now be
paying $400 in tax in order to meet that
27,000 dollars per ton number the Obama
administration had suggested $50 per ton
and that was considered high at the time
hey all of this is to say that these
estimates are wildly overstated in terms
of the amount of damage that they are
likely to do the reason that I say that
is because the report itself the way
that these these things get reported in
the media is that there is virtual
certainty in the scientific community
that this stuff is going to happen the
problem is that virtual scientific
consensus doesn't actually exist on a
lot of key issues so for example as I
pointed out this morning there are
significant questions in the report
about the level of confidence in
specific in specific predictions so in
just second I'm going to talk about
those specific predictions
hey so here's here's what you need to
know about the IPCC so the IPCC makes
two types of predictions in this report
the first type of prediction is that two
degrees of global warming will be worse
than 1.5 degrees of global warming
Celsius okay and they say that with high
confidence meaning by their metric 8 in
10 confidence 80% confidence okay well
that sounds fair right I mean seems like
more global warming would be worse than
less global warming that seems like the
assumption that we're going on then they
get to the actual specific predictions
and with those virtually every specific
prediction they make about the amount of
damage that's going to be done to the
world climate based on 1.5 degrees
Celsius of change virtually all of their
predictions are couched in terms of
medium confidence medium confidence
according to the IPCC at least according
to a 2007 report where they defined the
terms it's the only place I could see
