Democrats are confused why President
Trump's foreign policy seems to be
working the media experts demonstrate
they know nothing about gender or babies
and we checked the mailbag i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
so time coming up on today's show plus
I'm gonna tell you a little bit later in
the show who our special guest is for
our Sunday special it's somebody that
you know somebody that I think that you
will like our lineup is really good
we've been starting to reach out to a
lot of folks for the Sunday special and
the guests that we're having a really
first-rate but before I get to any of
today's news first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
bird school is the place to go if you
are interested in diversifying a little
bit of your portfolio obviously the
stock market is doing really well the
dollar is quite strong right now all of
that is wonderful but things change and
this is why you should hedge your bets
at least a little bit and have some of
your money in precious metals that's
what Birch gold can do for you they are
the company I trust with precious metal
purchases and right now thanks for a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
they have a long-standing track record
of continued success with thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau ask all of your
questions to my friends over at Birch
gold group and when you call them up
right now when you contact them and get
a free information kit on physical
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit shows how gold and silver can
protect your savings hey can legally
move that IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds into a precious metals and
precious metals IRA to get that no cost
no obligation kit right now go to
birchgold.com slash been birchgold.com /
been if you are interested in hedging
your bets if you're interested in
hedging against inflation or the
possibility of corruption in the
government or just volatility generally
it's not a bad idea to have at least a
little bit of your money in precious
metals birchgold.com / menus that slash
pen so they know that we sell you okay
so president romans had a very good week
on foreign policy a very good week on
foreign policy first of all there was
the removal of the United States from
the Iran deal which was as I have said
many times a very strong move a useful
move also president Trump was able to
bring home three American citizens who
had been held captive in North Korea
they thanked him for it all of this very
good for president Trump and Democrats
are sort of baffled by all of this they
don't understand why is it that Donald
Trump this rube the supposed itty --it
why is it that his foreign policy seems
to be achieving greater results than
Barack Obama's awful foreign policy
which was based very much on the idea of
a world working together where we reach
out our hands in
open-hand and we never threaten no we
never threaten if we do threaten we
don't really mean it like in Syria but
instead what we really should do is we
should all just hug it out why is it
that Donald Trump's view is working
better and why does it resonate more
with Americans why is it you can see the
puzzlement on the faces of the folks in
the media they just cannot understand
why it is the Donald Trump seems to be
succeeding in this way the latest
indicator comes courtesy of NBC's Hallie
Jackson so Haley Jackson was covering
president Trump's photo-op with the with
the Koreans who with the American
citizens in North Korea who had been
released and Trump went to meet them on
the tarmac at like 2:00 a.m. 3:00 a.m.
and then he spoke about it and watch
NBC's coverage here because it truly is
amazing when you juxtapose this coverage
with the coverage of the media at Bowe
Bergdahl's
released back to the United States by
Isis you recall that Bowe Bergdahl had
been taken prisoner rather by al-qaeda
and you recall that the presidents of
the United States traded five top
terrorists for Bowe Bergdahl who was in
fact a traitor it turns out that that he
was being tried for desertion and Bowe
Bergdahl this was treated as a wonderful
thing you know Barack Obama have photo
op in the Rose Garden with Bowe
Bergdahl's parents talking about how
wonderful it was to bring Bowe Bergdahl
home this American hero bringing him
home Obama didn't call me hero other
members of his administration did and
the media covered this straight and the
cover look at look at what Barack Obama
did that's just so magnificent and so
wonderful what there's no question that
these particular American citizens were
not in fact deserters from the American
military we didn't have to trade
terrorists to get the meth but watch
NBC's coverage Haley Jackson but what
was striking was that this was was a
Donald Trump's a former reality show
producer this was a staged production
meant for television meant for the
cameras meant to be shown and seen here
in this country and around the world you
had floodlights lighting up this 30 by
50 foot American flag hanging in between
two ladder trucks as the plane carrying
these men rolled in this moment when the
president and first lady holding hands
went up the stairs spending six minutes
in private conversation and then
unexpectedly because we didn't think
that was gonna happen unexpectedly
coming over with these men and taking a
number of questions from reporters who
had gathered around in front yelling
questions okay look at that look at that
photo op that's staged photo op how
terrible that photo op you mean like the
exact
photo-op that Barack Obama did in the
Rose Garden with Bowe Bergdahl's parents
to announce the return of a deserter in
exchange for terrorists you mean like
that photo op that the media didn't call
a photo op and if you'd said it was a
photo op no you were not allowed to say
was a photo it was bad to say that it
was a photo op because obviously listen
the President of the United States that
pointing who's well deserving with a
victory lap listen
are these all photo ops of course their
photo ops of course it's a photo op when
President Trump goes on the tarmac to
meet with people at 2:00 a.m. that's a
photo op okay if I were to meet somebody
at 2:00 a.m. the only reason I would do
that is for a photo op I'm not even sure
I would meet members of my family at
2:00 a.m. on a tarmac and it's really
early in the morning and you might sleep
but but for the media to critique this
by saying oh look at Trump he's a
reality show producer this is what's so
funny the media can't understand how a
reality TV guy became President of the
United States because she was the second
reality TV guy to become presidents of
the United States the first was Barack
Obama all of these photo ops all the
scripted nonsense existed for Barack
Obama to the media just refused to call
it out and then there's John Brennan
John Brennan's former CIA director under
Barack Obama and he says that Kim
jong-un is obviously Duke President
Trump how does he know that Kim jong-un
has do president Trump well he doesn't
but he was there when Barack Obama was
being duped by the Iranians he was there
when North Korea was duping Barack Obama
but but apparently he knows better he
knows now that Donald Trump was duped by
the North Koreans how does he know
because Donald Trump got to have a
photo-op and if he got a photo-op that
means that Trump must have given up
something awful in in exchange oh I
think he is very smartly and very
masterfully kim-jong escalated and saber
rattled so that he could then switch and
appear much more accommodating and
present a more peaceful face and so now
we've gone from mr. Trump calling him
Rocket Man and sick puppy to honorable
and nice okay well does it ever occur to
John Brennan that Donald Trump does that
as a as a fig leaf for his actual policy
Donald Trump says a lot of things and
then again you could put this on down
Trump's F to tap the dude said a lot of
stuff Donald Trump says a lot of things
but the question is what he actually
does and this is what the American
people are starting to recognize about
President Trump that despite and maybe
because of all the pyrotechnics because
of all the craziness it is sometimes
possible to ignore all of the good
things that are happening and you can
see that the folks
MSNBC don't understand this I do
appreciate the the silliness of the host
there refers to Kim Jeong RunAs hoon
that's not the way that Korean names
work his name is Kim right his last name
is Kim but in any case John Brennan you
know making the case that Donald Trump
is being duped by the North Koreans with
no evidence that he's actually being
duped by the North Koreans to this point
other than Donald Trump said something
on a tarmac about these people being
treated very nicely by Kim jong-un which
obviously was untrue Trump says a lot of
stuff right file that wonder Trump says
a lot of stuff but for a guy who's a
dupe he seems to be doing pretty
decently at this and at least he's
surrounding himself with people who are
certainly not being duped out speaking
of Democrats who say that Trump was
being duped Nancy Pelosi
she of the moving dentures she suggested
that President Trump had failed in his
oath to protect and defend the United
States by pulling out of the Iran deal
very very sad we take an oath to protect
and defend that is our first
responsibility I do not think the
president is honoring that oath by what
he did well okay so he's not honoring
his of what exactly is the oute that
he's not honoring you mean the oath to
uphold the Constitution which was a step
which was openly breached by pushing the
Iran ziyal the Iran's goal was not a
treaty the arange Hill is an executive
agreement between Barack Obama and the
Iranian government it was not approved
by the Senate in order for treaty to be
approved by the Senate you need at least
60 votes to approve that treaty in the
Senate did not get 60 votes in the
Senate and had a 21 percent approval
rating among the American public at the
time that it was passed when John Van
Horn's made a great point over a
commentary he said one of the reasons
that the Democrats were so attached to
the Iran deal is because they felt it
was a great triumph of them over the
public it was their ability to steamroll
everybody and push through a deal that
everyone thought was garbage that made
them celebrate it they thought it was in
in a real demonstration of their power
of their will of their ability to cram
down things the American people didn't
want on a stupid unwilling American
public but Donald Trump reached some
sort of constitutional duty by pulling
out of a deal with a terrorist nation
Donald Trump did that or is it Barack
Obama breaching his constitutional duty
to defend the United States by signing a
deal with it with a regime that has
killed American soldiers it has to be
clear about this during the a walk Iraq
war there are on/back militias they were
murdering American soldiers and wounding
American soldiers there's a lot of IEDs
set by Iranian troops produced in Iran
that were used MAME American troops
Barack Obama signed a deal with those
people and got nothing in return zero
things in return
but Donald Trump is the one who's a dupe
Donald Trump is the one who's a fool
there's a reason why the American people
are trusting Republicans more on foreign
policy these days than they trust
Democrats and part of that is because
the American people when it comes to
foreign policy they're not as as
sanguine about the possibilities of a
beautiful world as Democrats are
Democrats seem to always believe that if
we are just nice to everyone else
everyone else will be nice to us
that is not true you're nice to
everybody else until they are mean to
you at that point you clock them that's
an American foreign policy that I think
that the American people agree with
another demonstration of this obviously
is is the Democrats newfound opposition
to Jena Haspel Jena Haspel of course the
CIA nominee to be director first female
director in the history of the CIA and
Democrats are just fighting mad about
this how could Jena Haspel even be
considered considering that she worked
at the CIA at a time when the CIA was
engaged in waterboarding of terrorists
how could they possibly do all of this
now they were totally fine when John
Brennan was at CIA didn't matter John
Brennan worked at the CIA at the time
when waterboarding had been approved it
didn't matter that half the people at
the CIA worked at the CIA at the time
when waterboarding was used but now even
even the the remote idea that
waterboarding was a necessary evil that
was something that we had to do but it
did not constitute formal torture that
has been thrown out we can't know if you
say this it makes you a cruel inhumane
bad person now john mccain has said some
of these same things about waterboarding
but i have a little more sympathy for
john mccain saying i'm considering the
man was actually tortured in custody for
seven years i have a little more
sympathy hearing that from John McCain
who's tortured for no reason Rilla JIT
Amino reason other than to try and break
him I have more sympathy for that
position from McCain than I do from
Dianne Feinstein who knows better than
to assume the best about people like
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed one of the things
that is hilarious this week is Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed who is one of the
masterminds of 9/11 there are
suggestions that he was going to be
allowed to testify against Gina Haspel
and they were going to bring an actual
terrorist responsible for a 9/11 out of
jail so that he could talk about the
horrors he experienced at the hands of
Gina Haskell if you want to make Gina
Haspel President of the United States
that is the best way to do that
seriously bring bring a terrorist out
there to talk about Gina Haskell was
mean to him okay I would vote for her
for president
after hearing that because holy chick
Mohammed deserved every little bit of
everything that he got but beyond that
he also gave us a lot of actionable
intelligence because we waterboarded him
in just a second I'm going to show you a
clip of Dick Cheney Amman play for you a
clip of Dick Cheney talking specifically
about how Democrats really don't get it
right he explains why it is that
waterboarding was a necessary thing at
the time and again demonstrates why it
is that so many Americans are not going
to trust Democrats on foreign policy for
quite a while after Barack Obama but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so
here's the reality you're not sleeping
well but one of the reasons you're not
sleeping well is because you have a set
of crappy sheets right you just went to
your local retailer and you got a set of
sheets for like 50 bucks and you slap
them on there and it feels like you're
sleeping on plastic if you want the best
sheets that you can possibly sleep on
and a really affordable price go to bolt
and branch the bull and branch makes
everything from bedding to blankets and
it's made from pure 100% organic cotton
it starts out super soft to get softer
over time you buy directly from them so
you are essentially paying wholesale
prices luxury sheets can cost up to
thousand bucks in stores but you don't
have to spend that much money over a
bowl and branches a couple of hundred
bucks everyone who tries Boleyn branch
sheets love them actually we like them
so much that we legitimately took sheets
in our house and threw them out and
bought Poland branch sheets instead
because they are just that much more
comfortable it's it's very difficult to
sleep on non ball and branch sheets
after you've slept on ball and branch
sheets which is pretty much the only
downside shipping is free you can try
them for 30 nights and if you don't love
them you send them back for a refund I
doubt you're gonna want to send them
back they are that good to get you
started right now my listeners get 50
bucks off your first set of sheets at
bull and branch comp remote Club Ben
that's bull and branch comm promo code
Ben again go to bull and branch calm
promo club bent and you get 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets the sheets are
just phenomenal you really really enjoy
them I promise
check them out bullet and branch comm
promo code Ben okay so speaking of
Democratic inability to understand the
heart of the American public the truth
is that in elections in the United
States from basically World War Two on
Republicans were trusted with security
far more than Democrats say after the
end of World War two and really with the
rise of President Eisenhower in the 1952
election since then Republicans have won
every foreign policy election and they
lost a lot of domestic elections so they
lost they won Eisenhower won on a
foreign policy Cold War I'm going to end
the war in Korea based election and then
Richard Nixon won on a wrestler
of security-based election we're going
to end the war in Vietnam with victory
and peace through victory right that was
going to be that was going to be the
idea from Richard Nixon and then end of
the Cold War Ronald Reagan ran on the
idea that the Soviet Union was an evil
empire and from 1980 to 1988 the
Republicans were present for 1988 to
1992 in the aftermath of that George HW
Bush was there to sort of do the cleanup
in the aftermath of the Cold War then he
got on some domestic issues right it was
the economy stupid that got Bill Clinton
into office in 1992 but as terrorism was
rising then George W Bush was trusted
more on foreign policy and then in the
2000 election and obviously he didn't
win the popular vote there but by 2004
clearly security was the top of the
agenda and he won reelection a
hard-fought reelection battle against
John Kerry by 2008 the American people
were ready to move on from national
security they didn't want to hear about
the Iraq war anymore they were tired of
the Iraq war they'd been convinced by
the media that the Iraq war was the
wrong thing to do because there weren't
massive stockpiles of new WMD found in
Iraq in the first place and so we had a
domestic policy election and Barack
Obama won on the basis of that hey but
the reality is that when it comes to
crises in foreign policy Republicans
aren't trusted more than Democrats
because Republicans are more realistic
than Democrats on all this stuff
they are they see the world as a dark
place filled with people who are trying
to kill us and we have to strengthen our
hand and this is why Dick Cheney for all
the talk about him being this evil Darth
Vader esque figure there are a lot of
folks in the United States who believe
well maybe you need Darth Vader if
you're staring down somebody even worse
well here here's Dick Cheney talking
about why the use of water borings or of
waterboarding during the war on terror
was a useful thing the techniques we
used were not tortured
