a massive child abuse scandal rocks the
Catholic Church again the Omarosa
fallout continues and we have some
interesting results from a Minnesota
election last night I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
oh we have so much fantastic material to
examine today so many issues to look at
and really delve into first let me
remind you we actually have a big event
tonight right here in Dallas we are in
Dallas that's why we are not in our home
studio and we have an event tonight it
is nearly sold out we just have a few
tickets left already sold something like
3,600 tickets I think there may be less
than a hundred tickets left for the
event tonight we have one tomorrow night
in Phoenix same deal rapidly running out
of tickets go check out daily wire.com
slash events or Ticketmaster or Live
Nation calm and you can buy the last of
those tickets and join a massive crowd
of fellow patriotic Americans so go
check that out right now also I'd like
to remind you that your energy is is
flagging it might not be flagging right
now because it depends what time you're
listening to this but if you it's the
afternoon you're looking around you're
going oh god I can't believe there's
another seven hours to this day because
it's actually only 10 o'clock in the
morning you're already dying well that's
why you actually need the Oh max
cognitive boost if drinking coffee or
energy drinks is not doing the trick for
you you need to try the Oh max cognitive
boost it's a game-changing solution that
fuels peak performance by boosting
memory focus energy and all-around clear
thinking you will indeed feel the
difference immediately and right now Oh
max is offering my listeners 70% off a
one-month supply of cognitive boost plus
free shipping and a 60-day money-back
guarantee so if doesn't work for you
you'd have nothing to lose go - Oh max
boost calm Shapiro today take advantage
of that incredible savings it's Oh max
oh ma X boost calm slash capiro for 70%
off a one-month supply
they've got dual action breakthrough
technology of two powerhouse ingredients
they call them alpha and omega which
makes perfect sense go check it out
right now
cognitive boost you can get it again at
Oh max boost calm slash Imperial today
to get 70% off a one-month supply plus
free shipping and a 60-day money-back
guarantees whoo you really have nothing
to lose Oh max boost calm slash a pair
of terms and conditions to apply go
check it out it's solid stuff folks
around the office have been using and I
can say their efficiency is up massively
from where it was just a few weeks ago I
mean they're just better at their job so
go check it out right now Oh max boost
comm slash Shapiro okay so and what is
truly a horrifying horrifying story
yesterday news broke of a grand jury
indictment that was unsealed it was a
state grand jury report on sexual abuse
in six Pennsylvania diocese including
Berg and Greensburg it represents about
three million Catholics it's only six
out of the nine diocese I believe in
Pennsylvania so this is a very small
sample size but here is what it found
it's an 884 page document two years in
the making
according to PBS local in CBS it shines
a light into the dark corners of these
diocese going back seven decades
exposing the Predators and the efforts
of their bishops to protect them today
the most comprehensive report on child
sexual abuse within the church ever
produced in our country was released
says Attorney General Josh Shapiro
Pennsylvanians can finally learn the
extent of sexual abuse in these diocese
and this is just the latest example of a
scandal rocking the Catholic Church this
is the biggest one in the United States
they say they're over three hundred
three hundred sexually abusing priests
members of the of the archdiocese
hierarchy who are involved in the sexual
abuse of minors that is larger than the
Boston scandal the maid spotlight about
that was 150 to 200 priests over the
course of the private of 50 years this
was something like 300 priests over the
course of the last 30 years there over
1,000 victims the report begins with a
statement we the members of this grand
jury need you to hear this we know some
of you have heard some of it before
there have been other reports about
child sexual abuse within the Catholic
Church never on this scale for many of
us those earlier stories happen
someplace else someplace away now we
know the truth it happened everywhere
the report cites 301 priests clergy and
lay teachers this is not comprehensive
they're probably more with credible
allegations against them they're 99 in
the Diocese of Pittsburgh alone of those
99 a group of four groomed and violently
sexually assaulted young boys according
to the Attorney General of the state of
Pennsylvania one boy was forced to stand
on a bed in a rectory strip naked and
pose as Christ on the cross for the
priests they took photos of their victim
so they added them to a collection of
child pornography which they produced
and shared on church grounds according
to Shapiro and according to the grand
jury report and then in something that
sounds like all of the worst conspiracy
theories you've heard about Pizza Gate
okay that this actually happened
according to the Attorney General in the
state of Pennsylvania to make it easier
to target their victims the priest gave
their favored boys gifts gold crosses to
wear as necklaces the crosses were
markings of which boys had been groomed
for abuse and therefore other priests
would know which boys to abuse according
to the report victims were brushed aside
in every part of the state by church
leaders who preferred to protect the
abuse
and their institution above all the main
thing was not to help children but to
avoid scandal priests were raping little
boys and girls the men of God who are
responsible for them did not only
nothing they hid it all diocese and
administrators including the bishops had
knowledge of this conduct and yet
priests were regularly placed in
ministry after the diocese was on notice
that a complaint of child sexual abuse
had been made misconduct enabled
offenders and endangered the welfare of
children and the stories are just
horrific I mean there there are certain
allegations that
honestly it's it's hard to even it's
hard to even report on some of these
allegations because it's so
heartbreaking and horrifying and evil in
some of the allegations were things like
a seven-year-old girl who was who's
forcibly sexually assaulted while she
was in the hospital recovering from a
tonsil surgery a boy a young boy who was
sexually molested by a priest and then
his mouth washed out with holy water so
that he would think that this was part
of a religious ritual it's it's just
it's just horrifying in every possible
way and of course there were people who
were basically whitewashing this for a
long time so Cardinal Wuerl who's active
in Pennsylvania obviously he was asked
about all this and he said he doesn't
think this is some sort of massive
crisis right now when you hear of abuse
when you hear of a case of abuse when
you hear they're talking about things
that happened decades ago for the most
part I don't think this is some math
massive crisis okay that was Cardinal
Donald Wuerl led the Washington
archdiocese he is accused by the grand
jury of helping to protect abusive
priests when he was Pittsburgh's bishops
he's disputed the allegations he says
that the report confirms he acted with
diligence with concern for the victims
there were notes that were sent to
particular priests who were known to
have molested children in which they
express sympathy for the priests saying
that the priests obviously were
undergoing something very tough they had
to live through since they were driven
to do these terrible awful things most
of the Pennsylvania victims were boys
girls were abused as well when one boy
was forced to say confession to a priest
who abused him the the grand jury
concluded a succession of Catholic
Bishops and this is Reuters and other
diocese and leezar
leaders tried to shield the church from
bad publicity and financial liability
they failed to report accused clergy to
police and sent abusive priests to
so-called treatment facilities which
laundered the priests and then permitted
hundreds of known offenders to return to
ministry and their accusations that
there are similar things happening all
around the world in in churches ranging
down to South America this is a serious
problem in the Catholic Church Matt
Walsh who is a Catholic himself has a
piece over at Daily wire.com today our
website talking about how there needs to
be a full-scale cleansing within the
church and it is simply too bad that
this has not been done before and it is
a stain on the church now the reason
that this is newsworthy is not only
because it's obviously newsworthy but
because of what it says about each and
every one of us now not everybody in the
world is going to be an abuser thank God
most people are going to oppose abusers
think this stuff is evil think this
stuff is horrible but we do have to ask
ourselves what are you willing to cover
for and this is true for any institution
to which you hold oil tea because let's
not make any mistake here people are
singling the Catholic Church out as
though the Catholic Church is an outlier
when it comes to the abuse of children
as of the Catholic Church is somehow
much much much worse than other
institutions when it comes to abuse of
children how many children have been
abused in public schools my guess is a
lot of children have been abused in
public schools they've been studies done
we're talking thousands of kids across
the country who have been abused in
public schools by adults in positions of
authority there have been problems
inside the Jewish community there have
been problems inside the Protestant
community there been problems inside
certainly inside Hollywood the treatment
of children as sex objects happens
all over the world in a variety of
institutions the question is not whether
there are evil human beings there
certainly are there are demonic human
beings out there as Walsh says who ought
to be punished to the severus extent of
the law and the only tragedy here is the
death penalty isn't available from Allah
station of children because you molest a
child there is no question that you
should be killed in the most egregious
possible way folks who oppose the death
penalty I understand where they are
coming from in terms of the efficacy of
the death penalty in the administration
of the death penalty it's hard not to
look at priests were molesting
seven-year-old girls while they lie in
hospital beds and think those people
shouldn't be put to death right I mean
these people have forfeited a right to
live but with all of that said the real
question is why does this stuff last so
long and it happens within every it
happens in football institutions right
Penn State football
it happens all over people feel more
loyalty to institutions than they do to
individuals unless they know the
individual this is just a it's a
screw-up
in the brain okay they're they're a
couple of instinctive things that we as
human beings have the function in our
brain that are in conflict with one
another one of them is that we have a
lot of sympathy for people we know the
second is we have very little sympathy
for people we don't know and the third
is that we have a lot of loyalty to our
in-group so social science suggests that
we are all members of in groups there
are certain groups with which we
identify and when those in groups are
threatened by out groups then we tend to
rally in support of the in-group because
we have to bat batten down the hatches
we have to ward off the threat and this
is true in pretty much every area of
life it's true politically it's true
religiously in many places in the world
it's true ethnicity the
all cost you must defend them no matter
what you have to defend them from the
predations of the outside world
and that's a natural thing to do because
human beings are at least half animal
right even if as a religious person
we're partially made of the dust of the
ground and were partially divine will
partially had God's breath put into us
in Genesis but we are still part animal
and the animal part of us feels safety
in defense of an institution we feel
like we need institutions to protect
ourselves and we're not wrong about that
when that comes into conflict with
nameless faceless individuals we don't
know we tend to push the faceless
nameless individuals off to the side and
this is why all these folks out there
who tend to portray evil people as
monsters or the people who cover for
evil people as monsters I think that
that's just a lack of perspective on
human nature I think the Bible actually
has a pretty good perspective on human
nature each of us has a war going on
inside of us between what we know is
good and what we know is right and what
we know is bad but also serves our
interests and the hard part of being a
human being is trying to determine when
the stuff that is bad that is motivating
us is actually bad because the easiest
thing to do is to back justify the
easiest thing to do is to say listen my
institution has to be protected so in
the Jewish community for example there
been similar allegations against certain
rabbis and you will see the local
community defend the rabbi you'll see
the local community try and stigmatize
the victim right this is this has
happened in in certain cases in pretty
much every religious community I can
think of and that's because the idea is
well if you hand this rabbi over to the
secular courts for prosecution then what
you're really doing is bringing shame
upon the community it's gonna open us up
to allegations that were a closed
community in a bad community that is but
but here's the truth of it when people
do evil things it is your job as an
individual to call them out and the only
way you're going to be able to preserve
the truth of your institution is by
calling this sort of stuff out defense
of an institution when that institution
sins is a quick way to destroy the
credibility of the institution I can
tell you that the Catholic Church's
failure to take on this issue in any
serious way for years and years and
years and years has driven millions of
people I'm sure away from the Catholic
Church because people look at churches
people look at synagogues they look at
places that are specially supposed to be
spiritual and they say if these people
are supposed to be better then what
exactly does worse look like defense of
your institution requires you to call
out your institution when your
institution does something wrong and
this has political ramifications as well
and I want to talk about that in just a
second but first let's talk about your
internet protection with all the recent
news about online security breaches it's
hard not to worry about where your data
goes this is true for me particularly
since I am the target of many people
online making an online purchase simply
accessing your email it could put
private information at risk you are
being tracked online by social media
sites marketing companies your mobile or
internet provider not only can they
record your browsing history but they
often sell it to other corporations who
would like to profit from that
information which is why I use
expressvpn expressvpn has easy-to-use
apps that run seamlessly in the
background of my computer phone and
tablet turning on expressvpn protection
takes
only one clique expressvpn secures and
anonymizes your internet browsing by
encrypting your data when hiding your
public IP address protecting yourself
with expressvpn it cost less than seven
bucks a month expressvpn is rated the
number one VPN service by TechRadar it
comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee
so if you ever use public Wi-Fi and you
want to keep hackers and spies from
seeing that data expressvpn is the
solution if you don't want to hand over
your data to internet resellers go check
it out expressvpn protect your online
activity today and find out how you get
three months for free and expressvpn
comm /ban that's Express
exp ress VPN comm / pen for three months
free with one year package his Express
VPN comm / Ben to learn more ok so I
think all of this has some pretty
significant ramifications for politics
because we have political in groups -
it's not just religious in groups I mean
he'll will form in groups to defend our
football team will form in groups to
protect Jerry Sandusky will form in
groups to protect - anybody who
threatens our way of life and those in
groups can be very dangerous this is
particularly true in the realm of
politics because politics is an area
where we must be having discussions with
one another it's an area where we must
assume that the other side at least has
enough goodwill that they want to have a
conversation with us and yet what we see
in our politics today is that both sides
are willing to justify Jim virtually
anything virtually anything because we
feel that our in-group is threatened and
here's the thing
we're not wrong about our in-group being
threatened because you can have a
mutually reinforcing system in which
both sides begin to treat the out-group
even worse and remember every out group
is somebody else's in-group you begin
treating everybody else's out group wars
so that out group treats you worse and
then you treat them worse and this is
how you spiral down into anarchy and
chaos if you are a person who looks at
your institution you say my political
institution my Republican Party must be
defended at all costs and that mean if
that means defending some vile behavior
I'll defend vile behavior because that's
what fighting looks like if that's
something you're doing maybe you ought
to examine whether that is actually
appropriate or whether it's even
necessary and if you're on the left and
you're defending an Tifa and you're
saying that an Tifa is necessary because
my in-group is threatened these evil
right-wing Nazis they're there they're
attacking my in-group so I will defend
an Tifa understand that you are
contributing to the moral decay of your
own side you have two choices when it
comes to your own institution
your institution conflicts with morality
choice number one is to help cleanse
that institution keep that institution
moral while at the same time fighting
off the people who had attacked that
institution for its actual morality
there's a difference between people
attacking your institution for moral
reasons and people attacking your
institution for immoral reasons right
people who are attacking the Catholic
Church handling of child abuse they're
doing so for moral reasons people who
are attacking the Catholic Church
without recognizing that institutional
failures occur at institutions at
