Israel breaks stunning intelligence
information about the Iran deal the New
York Times talks up Karl Marx on his
birthday and Robert Mullins questions
for Donald Trump leak will talk about
all of it this is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so many amazing things
happening first of all I do want to
announce this and I'll announce it again
later in the show
if you're not a subscriber to the show
you really should subscribe to the show
because on Sunday we are beginning a
brand new second podcast it's it's a
second edition the podcast the Ben
Shapiro shows Sundays special and I'm
gonna be hosting weekly in-depth
conversations with a bunch of people our
first episode actually features me
talking with jordan peterson it's a full
hour long so it's some of these five
minutes ten minute interviews we really
go in depth we're talking with folks
about politics and news and culture and
everything in between and if you're
already a subscriber you don't have to
hit another button because it's
immediately going to pop up in your feed
so it should be awesome again this
Sunday's premiere episode features
Jordan Peterson so I think that you
should subscribe I think it'll be great
and you're really going to enjoy okay so
before I get to the actual content of
the show there's a lot of news breaking
particularly about Israel and Iran first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at blinds.com so there's one part
of your house you really don't think
about very much but it's making your
house look like crap and it's your
blinds okay you have the same blinds
that you had from the person who moved
in before you and that person has the
same blinds from the person who built
the house in 1937 and the blinds look
like garbage well it's making your whole
house look like garbage that's why you
need to go over to my friends over at
blinds at comm they make it really easy
for you if you're not sure what you want
or even where to start with blinds calm
you get a free online design
consultation you send them pictures of
your house and they send back custom
recommendations from a professional from
what's gonna work with your color scheme
furniture and specific rooms and they
will even send you free samples to make
sure everything looks as good in person
as it does online every order gets free
shipping here's the best part if you
screw it up you must measure you pick
the wrong color lines Comrie makes your
blinds for free so it is an awesome deal
and they've really made it easy for you
there's no excuse to leave up those
mangled blinds that make it look like
your that you've just moved into
somebody else's trailer go to blinds
calm and use promo code ban you get 20%
off everything at blinds calm for a
limited time when you use promo code ban
again that's blinds.com promo code Ben
for 20% off everything that's the faux
wood blinds the cellular shades the
roller shades and more blinds.com promo
code Ben rules and restrictions do apply
okay so the big news yesterday is that
Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime Minister of
Israel got up and did a 20-minute speech
in which he announced that Israel had
done something unbelievable Mossad had
somehow gotten ahold of 100,000 physical
files from the Iran
in government about their nuclear
program it has an amazing thing just
think of how many boxes of materials
that is you had to deliberately smuggle
out of Tehran how exactly did that
happen it's pretty incredible thing
about what's in the files is even more
stunning so number one the files detail
the extent of the Iranian nuclear
program prior to the Iran nuclear deal
Iran has always lied about that they've
said they weren't developing nuclear
weapons they just wanted a peaceful
nuclear program the files show that that
is in fact a lie also the fact that
these files had been smuggled to a
secret location demonstrates something
else which is that Iran had no intention
of dismantling its nuclear program as
Barack Obama seemed to suggest instead
they were just taking all of their files
moving them to the back room continuing
on with their secret nuclear program
probably or at the very least putting
other parts of that nuclear program on
hold for the moment while they develop
all the technology all the centrifuges
and all of the and all of the ballistic
missile technology and then in ten years
after the deal of science and now eight
years once that happens they go right
back to where they left off they pick up
all their own files they have all the
same people who've been working on this
stuff and boom in six months they have a
bomb right that is the point of the Iran
deal from where the Iranians ton that's
always what people who have opposed the
Iran deal have claimed is what the
Iranian it's were attempting to do in
the Iran deal and now it's been pretty
well documented here's what it looked
like yesterday and sounded like when
Benjamin Netanyahu spoke in front of the
world about the files that they had
gotten ahold of from the Iranians well
tonight I'm here to tell you one thing
Iran lied big-time
after signing the nuclear deal in 2015
Iran intensified its efforts to hide its
secret nuclear files and this is one of
the big questions so why exactly did
they bother hiding the nuclear files if
in fact they were intent on dismantling
their nuclear program or even on putting
it on hold why would they smuggle those
files to someplace eke rrett why would
they continue to have a defense program
staffed by exactly the same people who
are running the nuclear program if they
put their nuclear plans on hold the
answer of course is they're lying and at
the very least they are planning to
reinitiate that nuclear program as soon
as the deal is up or at the very most
they may be pursuing nuclear plans in
secret here's Netanyahu talking a little
bit about the smuggling of the files in
2017 Iran moved its nuclear weapons
files to a highly secret location in
Tehran
this is the sure about district in
southern Tehran this is where they kept
the atomic archives right here so again
pretty amazing intelligence operation
now all of the Obama acolytes are
claiming that we already knew all this
stuff that we knew that Iran was lying
about its nuclear weapons for years
that's why we tried to sign the Iran
deal in the first place because we knew
that they'd been developing nuclear
weapons why would we have attempted to
sign a deal with people if we thought
that they weren't developing nuclear
weapons okay fair enough except for the
fact that Iran then lied to the
International Atomic Energy Agency when
it came time to make the deal so one of
the provisions of the deal is that Iran
had to give all the details up of what
exactly they'd been doing with their
nuclear program in order for the deal to
go through
they didn't do that they lied about what
they were doing they took all those
files they hid them because again they
plan on opening those files right back
up as soon as this deal is up and then
developing a nuclear weapon within six
months that is their big plan here the
fact that all of the Obama friends are
out there defending Iran today and
suggesting that Iran is honest and that
Bibi Netanyahu is a liar tells you
pretty much what you need to know about
the Obama folks remember that Iran deal
which is an awful awful deal does not
include ballistic weapons technology so
it means that the Iranians can continue
to develop long-range intercontinental
ballistic missiles without violating the
terms of the Iran deal it does not cover
the use of money given by the West back
to Iran for purposes of terrorism and so
Iran has funneled an enormous sum of
cash to Bashar Assad in Syria and
Hezbollah in Lebanon the Iran deal did
not cover any of that Obama and Kerry
openly admitted that we the United
States are currently funding Iranian
terror projects but that is something
that is currently happening and yet we
are told that that Iran's deal is so
important that we have to maintain it
we're told it's really deeply important
for us to maintain the Iran deal in a
second I'm gonna make the case for those
on the right who say we should maintain
the Iran deal versus those who say we
should just scrap the thing but it is
important to note the other place in
which the Obama administration lied they
lied openly openly about the supposed
moderation of the Iranian regime so the
story that was sold by Ben Rhodes who is
a fiction writer who somehow ended up
his national security adviser under
Barack Obama it's amazing all these
people who say that Trump surrounds
himself with unqualified people okay
there's no way in the world the Jared
Kushner is less qualified than Ben
Rhodes because it's impossible for
anyone to be less qualified than Ben
Rhodes Ben Rhodes went from writing bad
short stories that were unpublished
his Brooklyn apartment to being National
Security Adviser because Barack Obama
was friends with him and then Ben Rhodes
constructed an entire narrative sold by
Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic was a
garbage human being and in a terrible
reporter the same guy who fired Kevin
Williamson Jeffrey Goldberg is the guy
who played stooge for the Obama
administration as they proclaimed that
Iran was promulgating a new moderation
they claimed that Iran had gone moderate
that the election of Hassan rouhani as
opposed to mouthful moon Ahmadinejad was
actually a moderate move and now Iran
wanted to make a deal because Iran
obviously was moving toward the center
and if we just fostered that by reaching
out to them then very soon around with
moderate obviously that has not happened
instead the mullahs have been reinsuring
in power and strengthened in their power
by the Iran deal they have millions of
dollars flowing in they never would have
seen before I mean we shipped literally
pallets of cash was it 150 billion
dollars something like that we should
pallets of cash to the Iranians first of
all the reason we should pallets with
cash as opposed to just wiring the money
is because then it's untraceable the
Iranians know that we knew that the
Obama administration lied about the Iran
deal and they did it routinely so the
question is why is we be doing this now
the answer is that Bibi is doing this
now the Israeli Prime Minister is
revealing these documents right now
because Netanyahu is attempting to make
the case for scrapping the Iran deal two
weeks before the Trump administration
has to decide whether or not to
recertify the Iran deal and the Israelis
have been coordinating with the
Americans all throughout this process it
turns out that Netanyahu told Trump
about all of these documents two months
ago and shockingly Trump actually kept
his mouth shut about them which is
pretty pretty amazing in and of itself
the Israeli ambassador says that the US
has shared the documents with the United
States and in fact the US has
authenticated them I can guarantee you
that if people had that information in
2015 this deal would have never happened
at the time because it shows there's
hard evidence there that Iran has a
military nuclear program and that had
falsified all their reports to the IAEA
the International Atomic Energy Agency
what Netanyahu did today he did not
present simply a smoking gun he
presented a smoking bomb okay and
there's something else that's happened
in the Middle East - and you have to be
reading all of the tea leaves to see
what's really happening here there is a
Sunni Alliance that is forming against
the rise of Shia Iran that is exactly
what is happening here now does this
mean that the United States gonna go war
with
Ron no it doesn't mean the United States
is gonna go to war with Iran I don't
think the President Trump is interested
in using American military might in
order to topple the Iranian regime nor
am i certain that he should in fact I
think there's a pretty good case that
the United States should not be involved
in using military force in order to
topple the Iranian regime if there is
any way to avoid it that's why I think
that Trump is taking a step back and
he's basically saying let's weaken the
Iranian regime and then if Israel has to
do it Israel has to do then they have to
do it they have to do and they've
obviously been working hand in glove
with the Saudis how do we know that
because the Saudis came out in the last
two days and Mohammed bin Sultan who is
the new Prince over there yeah he had
the new king he has he sent something
incredible all right he came for and he
said that the Palestinians basically
ought to take whatever the Trump
administration offers them in a deal
with Israel or sit down and shut up and
the reason that they're saying this is
because the Trump administration has
said to everyone in the region look you
want to stop Iran you're gonna have to
get on the same page
hey you have to stop using the
Palestinians as a baton to wield against
the Israelis you have to stop supporting
Hamas you have to stop supporting the
Palestinian Authority and Islamic Jihad
you have to stop all of that and instead
you need to understand that you guys
face a common enemy and the Saudis
understand that the Israelis obviously
understand it too so what we have now is
a working alliance between Jordan Egypt
Saudi Arabia and Israel against Iran and
that alliance has been formulated with
the end of the Iran deal in mind I'd be
very surprised at this point if the
Trump administration does not in fact
tip over the Iran deal in a couple of
weeks now the case against tipping over
the Iran deal is that Iran is
quote-unquote abiding by the agreement
which means that they are not actively
developing their nuclear program for the
moment and the question is really timing
right is everybody ready for what comes
next if the Iran deal ends so if the
Iran deal ends presumably the United
States reimpose the sanctions on Iran
the Europeans do not there's been of a
foreign policy snafu there because Obama
has of course put the onus on the West
not on the Iranians to prove that Iran
is is line which is I think kind of
ridiculous because Iran has been lying
continuously about the stuff for decades
and so the question becomes okay what
happens after that and the answer is
that once that once the sanctions are
reinforced once the Iran deal is off the
table the real purpose of that is to
allow Israel to work with Saudi Arabia
to strike at Iran's nuclear facilities
and that's really what this is about so
will that kind of feel great into a
larger war I don't think so
I think the the chances of that
spiraling out of control with the
Iranians attacking the United States for
example they'd be fools to do
so and the Russians are not going to
jump in against the Israelis and the
Saudis because they understand that that
would precipitate American military
action so this would be probably a very
contained military response by Israel
and by Saudi Arabia which should have
been pursued years and years and years
ago
if this Iran zeal were to end if it's
not to end my guess the only reason for
doing that is because they haven't come
up with a foolproof military plan at
this point and so the goal here is to
kick the can down the road until they
actually have something ready to go well
with all that and I have I think a
pretty good sign that what I'm saying is
true which I'll explain to you in just
one second but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at Barroso
think about it all of your modern and
luxury items come in boxes your mattress
your clothes your eyeglasses well now
luxury couches actually come in boxes
too no more heavy lifting no more
digging your walls when you're moving in
because of burrows so we at our house
have some burrow furniture and it is
just the most comfortable stuff not only
that some of the furniture has USB
outlets in it so if I'm sitting there
and I have to charge my phone I can sit
there on the couch doing it on a
stretcher a wire all the way across the
room there their fabric is stain
resistant which is great because I have
two kids who make messes out of
everything burrow burns style and
comfort to a whole new level and they
shipped to your door fast and Freight is
affordable luxury it's the same quality
that you would expect from high-end
retailers without pranky without
breaking the bank and what's really cool
is the burro is adaptable so all of
their furniture is modular so if your
space changes then you can actually move
the furniture around and it grows with
you so you get a couch that expands you
can get chairs that have a place for
some for another piece in the middle
it's really cool and again they have
that stain resistant fabric that can
take on your pets claws and it has that
built-in USB charger so it's got
durability it's got functionality so you
can enjoy 30 days of cozy on your burro
for risk free or try out burrow at one
of their showrooms today so you can try
out for 30 days and if you don't like it
then they'll take it back for free go
customize your own burrow and get 75
bucks off your order right now by going
to burrow comm / ben shapiro
that's bu rrow dot-com / ben shapiro
burrow comm / ben shapiro for 75 bucks
off your purchase this is furniture
that's gonna last you a long time and it
looks really good and it is super
comfortable Burrow comm / Ben Shapiro
for 75 bucks off your purchase again
they make the luxury couch for real life
their burrow furnitures just terrific
burrows calm / Ben Shapiro for that deal
and to let them know that we sent you so
I've said that I think the indicators
are
pretty good that the White House is
going to pull out of the Iran ziyal
what is the chief indicator well
yesterday there was a statement that
came out from the press secretary the
office of the press secretary from the
White House and here's what it said the
United States is aware of the
information just released by Israel and
continues to examine it carefully this
information provides new and compelling
details about Iran's efforts to develop
missile deliverable nuclear weapons
these facts are consistent with what the
United States has long known Iran has a
robust clandestine nuclear weapons
program that it has tried and failed to
hide from the world and from its own
people okay so they're a bunch of
reporters who pointed out this is a
pretty stunning statement right they're
not saying that Iran had a robust
clandestine nuclear weapons program
they're saying that it has an active
weapons program which would obviously be
a violation of the deal and mean that we
have to pull out of the deal immediately
well the White House came out afterward
and they changed the language they
changed to Iran had a robust clandestine
weapons nuclear nuclear weapons program
the White House said it was a clerical
error but there's very little there's
very little question as to where the
White House's head is at right the White
House believes that the nuclear deal is
bad Barack Barack Obama knew it was bad
