President Trump talks about the NFL's
new ban on kneeling during the national
anthem plus we meet the most entitled 30
year old in America and bring you the
latest on spy he gates 2018 I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
allowed to get to you today and we were
will be talking about all of it first I
want to say thanks to our sponsor is
over at movement so do you see this
watch this one right here this
magnificent piece of hardware okay this
right here is a movement watch and I
wear it every single day in fact I have
to movement watches my wife has a
movement watch my mom has a movement
watch my father has a movement watch
everybody the office has movement watch
not just because they are sponsors but
because they make great watches at
affordable prices movement has come
pretty far from being a bunch of
crowdfunded kids working out of living
room in the past year they've not only
introduced a ton of new watch
collections from both men and women but
also expanded to sunglasses in fashion
for bracelets for women ok these watches
are there they're simple and clean
looking they really look like much more
expensive watches they begin in just 95
bucks at a department store these things
cost four hundred five hundred dollars
Moomin figured out that by cutting out
the middleman they can save you a lot of
money classic design quality
construction style minimalism I can tell
you these things are super durable
because my son loves them and that means
that he throws them around and they look
just as good as new every time he does
it get 15% off today with free shipping
and free returns by going to MVM
t-dot-com slash appear oh that's MVM
t.com slash up arrow again 15% off today
free shipping free returns for movement
MVM t.com slash shapiro you should join
the movement because it is that good use
that slash shapiro let them know he's
saying you get 15% off okay so the big
news of the day is that the NFL has
decided that they will no longer allow
players to come out on the field and
kneel for the national anthem which is I
think a good move by the NFL although I
think it's done in the worst possible
way and they should have done it
originally the NBA had this problem
years ago when there's a player named
Muhammad Abdul Rauf who Mahmoud Abdul
Rauf he was a he was a for a guard I
believe for the Denver Nuggets and he
didn't want to stand up for the national
anthem he was fine and pretty quickly
he ended up standing for the national
anthem Steve Nash refused to put his
hand over his heart for the national
anthem I believe he was fined as well
the NBA's always had this rule the NFL
never should have allowed the
politicization of its games it is a
product when your product is politicized
then you take action to prevent that
politicization but the NFL wanted to
reach out to new audiences and so not
only did they support the politicization
they actually forwarded the
politicization even before the national
anthem protests if you recall all the
way back to 2013
in 2014 during the ferguson issues in
2014 there are a bunch of players who
ran out onto the field doing the hands
up don't shoot motion no fine but there
were people who wanted to wear gear that
honored the slain Dallas police officers
in 2015 and the NFL threatened to find
them before the NFL backed down so the
NFL took positions on these issues in
the worst and stupidest possible way
well now the NFL has decided they're
gonna come out and ban the kneeling
altogether ESPN reports the new policy
subjects teams to a fine if a player or
other team personnel do not show respect
for the anthem that includes any attempt
to sit or kneel as dozens of players
have done during the past few seasons
those teams will also have the option to
find any team personnel including
players for the infraction so Roger
Goodell who I think has been rather a
not good NFL Commissioner actually he's
been the beneficiary of tremendous
growth in the NFL I'm not sure that's
because of Roger Goodell however he said
this season all League and team
personnel shall stand and show respect
for the flag in the anthem personnel who
choose not to stand for the anthem a
stay in the locker room until after the
anthem has been performed we believe
today's decision will keep our focus on
the game and the extraordinary athletes
who play it and on our fans who enjoy it
and the 32 teams agreed to the following
requirements all team and league
personnel on the field shall stand and
show respect for the flag in the anthem
the game operations manual will be
revised to remove the requirement that
all players be on the field for the
anthem so you can stay in the in the in
the locker room personnel who choose not
to stand from the anthem may stand in
the locker room or a similar location
off the field until after the anthem has
been performed a quote will be fine by
the league of its personnel are on the
field and do not stand and show respect
to the flag in the anthem each club may
develop its own work rules consistent
with the above principles regarding its
personnel who do not stand and show
respect for the flag and the anthem the
Commissioner will impose appropriate
discipline on leaked personnel who do
not stand and show respect for the flag
and the anthem ok so what is the actual
practical effect of that's going to be a
bunch of people are going to stay in the
locker room out of solidarity with
people who would kneel but we're not
allowed to as I said last year during
the actual national anthem controversy I
think it is stupid and counterproductive
Tim you for the national anthem I think
it is disrespectful but I don't think
that players should do anything beyond
if they want to stand with their with
their fellows they should just stand
with their fellows instead of kneeling
with their fellows they should stand
there and and put their hand on their
shoulder something like that and I think
what you will see is solidarity with
these guys and a lot of people will now
stay in the locker room so we'll get to
rehash this entire controversy all over
again or things will get even more
and what you will see is a bunch of
players stay in the locker room and the
owners in order to virtue signal to the
left will decide to pay the fines and
that's we're getting from New York Jets
Chairman Christopher Johnson who says
he'll take the hit he said I do not like
imposing any club specific rules if
somebody on the Jets takes a knee that
fine will be borne by the organization
by me not the players I never want to
put restrictions on the speech of our
players so I prefer that they stand of
course but I understand if they felt the
need to protest there are some big
complicated issues that we're all
struggling with and our players aren't
on the front lines I don't want to come
down on them like a ton of bricks and I
won't
there'll be no club fines or suspensions
or any sort of repercussions if the team
gets fine that's just something I'll
have to bear I think you're gonna see a
lot of other owners follow suit and then
owners who don't follow suit will be
called a antagonist of free speech
people who don't support free speech and
this controversy will just continue
while president Trump responded to all
of this by by by celebrating there's a
big victory for president from
culturally and because everything in our
politics has broken down into stupid
conversations over winners and losers as
opposed to what's good for the country
this has turned into a big win for Trump
and Trump not only says that it's a big
win for Trump because Trump got the NFL
to cave and change their policy but it's
a big win for America here's President
Trump explaining you have to stand
proudly for the national anthem
well you shouldn't be playing you
shouldn't be there maybe you shouldn't
be in the country you have to stand
proudly for the national anthem and the
NFL owners did the right thing of that's
what they've done okay so here's the
here's the reality you don't have to
stand for the national anthem in the
United States should you stand sure is
it a sign of respect for the nation yes
and all of the players who are black and
who are protesting about supposed police
brutality against black folks I think
that they would be better served to take
a play from the PlayBook of a Frederick
Douglas or a play from the playbook of
Martin Luther King and say listen I'm
gonna stand for the anthem because the
anthem is mine too and then they can
come out and they can say and I don't
think we're living up to the anthem it's
not like these guys have no platform
they do have a platform when celebrities
speak people listen
but kneeling for the national anthem was
a crude method of attempting to draw
attention and actually created more of a
backlash than it was meant to do I do
not think it is appropriate for the
President of the United States to be
inserting himself in these controversies
I don't I don't think it was appropriate
when Obama did it I don't think it's
appropriate when President Trump does it
President Obama the Obama administration
inserted themselves into controversies
like this in North Carolina when there
is a an act at the local level in
let's to prevent transgender people from
using opposite sex bathrooms and there
was a boycott of the n-c-double-a and
the entire left supported it they
thought this is great the n-c-double-a
was not going to allow final four games
to be played in North Carolina thanks to
a local bathroom policy they thought
this was great but if the NFL says we're
not going to allow people to kneel then
it's a huge problem because the NFL is
cracking down on free speech now listen
I am a free speech absolutist but
private companies have the ability to
take steps to curb free speech okay
there's a difference between me going
and speaking at UC Berkeley and mean
going and speaking into Paul University
when I spoke it to Paul University they
threatened to arrest me they said if you
walk on this campus even though but I've
been invited by a student group they
said if you walk on this campus you will
be arrested and I respected that because
listen it is a private university were
they wrong were they stupid sure do they
have the right to do it you bet they do
now there is also a major difference and
I don't like the comparisons between oh
you conservatives complaining about safe
spaces on college campuses but now you
want a safe space at an NFL game there
is no comparison between a college
campus in an NFL game there really is
not okay for a simple reason
college campuses are explicitly places
for exchange of ideas when I'm invited
by a student group it is not to play
football when I am invited by a stick I
mean I suck at football when I'm invited
by a student group it is specifically to
give my opinion when you go to an NFL
game you are purchasing an entertainment
package to watch the NFL and part and
parcel of that is the patriotic show so
I was at the Super Bowl last year and
the Super Bowl was deeply patriotic
deeply patriotic for those who have
never been to a game it's not just the
national anthem beforehand it's the flu
waving of the flag during the
commercials it's the this was in a
Dillman Stadium but usually it's the
it's the Blue Angels fly over and so the
whole deal the NFL has always been
heavily tied in with a lot of patriotic
imagery that's part of the products that
they are selling to the American people
is that this is the all-american sport
or we get together as a community every
Sunday afternoon and we remember that
America is a great place and we enjoy
ourselves and just watch some people
clock each other that's basically what
football is all about and it's not the
NFL's fault if that product is being
undercut by people on the field and they
say listen we're not going to withstand
the fans who don't want to watch our
games we are not going to withstand the
ticket sales loss and we're not going to
withstand the TV ratings loss okay the
the entire NFL is moving in the
direction of whatever the TV ratings say
and the TV ratings in 2017 were down a
full eight percent that's a significant
significant drop now not all of that is
due to the national anthem controversy
but certainly part of it is due to the
national anthem controversy when there
have been polls done of people who say
they're not watching as much NFL
something like 50 percent of them
cite the national anthem controversy
because they don't feel solidarity with
the players who are kneeling for the
national anthem hey this is not the same
thing as a college campus again it's
more like first of all I'm an outside
contractor who's brought in by a student
group for that free exchange of ideas
again college campuses are for ideas NFL
games are before playing a football and
production of a product and it's more
like if a college campus had a professor
who taught engineering and this
engineering professor decided that they
were going to talk politics at the
beginning of every engineering class and
pretty soon it turns out that all the
students weren't just learn engineering
and they're not interested in hearing
the politics and so they all drop out of
the class does the college now have the
right to lay the guy off in my opinion
the college does have the right to lay
the guy off he's speaking outside of his
realm of Perez politic his political
purview if you were in Poli Sci it's a
little bit of a different story if he's
an engineering he is there to provide an
engineering product if the engineering
product does not meet specifications the
college can do what it wants and that's
not quite the same thing as a student
group inviting someone for a political
conversation and then the college
cracking down on a political side of
that political conversation okay the the
the case that's being made on campus is
that this is a safe space and the people
with differing political points of view
in an inherently political area should
not be able to speak the case being made
with regard to the NFL is I'm not gonna
tune in to watch lectures on police
brutality when I want to watch football
game that is not the same case that's
being made it's not about the NFL being
a safe space it is about the NFL not
providing what it promised to consumers
and that's why you've seen so many
people drop out now with that said you
know Mike Pence tweeted out hashtag
winning I do not think it is appropriate
for government officials to say that it
is winning to pressure a private
organization to crackdown on members of
its organization and for political
reasons I don't think that's appropriate
I think that it's one thing for you or
for me to say I'm turning off the TV I
think if Trump said listen I've been
turning off the TV that's fine I think
the the attempt the pretty clear attempt
governmental attempt to pressure private
organizations to do things on the free
speech basis I
don't like it and I don't think it's
winning by the way I don't think that
you you're winning with your bass you're
winning with your bass but I'll explain
why I think this is actually
counterproductive for Trump and pens to
a certain degree in just one second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at policy genius so 80% of
people think life insurance costs double
what it actually costs life insurance is
not all that expensive and there is no
excuse for you whatsoever there's no
excuse for you whatsoever not to buy
life insurance because if you plotz
tomorrow you're gonna leave your family
poor and there's no reason for you to do
that when you could go online right now
and get yourself a good health a good
life insurance program and then you
won't have to worry about it ever again
a healthy 35 year old can get half a
million bucks in coverage for less than
30 bucks a month there is no reason that
shouldn't be you policy genius is the
easy way to compare life insurance
online in just five minutes you can
compare quotes from the top insurers to
find the best policy for you policy
genius has helped over 4 million people
shop for insurance placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just make life insurance easy they
also do renters insurance and disability
insurance and health insurance and all
other kinds of insurance so if you've
been thinking about getting life
insurance go to policy genius comm right
now that's policy genius com it's the
easy way to compare the top insurers and
find the best policy for you you will be
saving time and money and hassle and it
is indeed free policy genius go chair go
check it out
comparing life insurance does not need
to be a pain in the neck policy
genius.com alrighty so here is why I
don't think this is super productive for
President Trump his entire base believes
it is wrong to kneel for the national
anthem he's getting them jazzed up right
and I think that that is a useful
political tactic but in its way it's no
different from what Obama did when he
would get people jazzed up about
Ferguson to go out and vote for him in a
midterm election or in a presidential
election in 2012 by sending Joe Biden
out to say that Mitt Romney was gonna
put y'all back in Chains I do not like
the idea of the President of the United
States taking an inherently political
issue and instead of being circumspect
about the issues that are being that are
there in play going straight to the
everybody who disagrees with me should
be deported stop I think it's dumb I
think it's counterproductive I think it
doesn't unify the country and actually
has a counterproductive response because
here's the question for Trump it's all
about the political win I get it ok he's
a politician it's about the political
win but for the country what I would
like is more Americans to believe that
standing for the national anthem is an
inherent good not fewer Americans the
polls show that before President Trump
got involved in this particular issue
some of the
like 75% 80% of Americans thought that
it was stupid and wrong to kneel for the
national anthem
now that Trump has gotten himself
involved it's more like 55 or 60 percent
so to win for Trump because a majority
the public still agrees with him but it
is not a win for America if 20% of the
public now believes the other way simply
because they don't like President Trump
so again I understand the I understand
the gut level response of President
Trump which is what he is it's what he
does I understand why that's popular but
I don't think that it's productive for
the country now with all of that said it
was not Trump who politicized the NFL it
was the NFL players who politicized the
NFL long before Trump was even involved
with this okay they were the ones who
decided to kneel for the national anthem
they were the ones who decided to wear
socks is colin kaepernick head with a
depiction of cops as pigs that was their
decision to make okay and you can't
blame people for responding to that
decision just as I don't blame
protesters for protesting my speeches
right they are allowed to protest my
speeches that's fine I think they're
wrong but that's okay that's part of the
