the worst anti-semitic shooting in
American history rocks the country the
left blames President Trump and a
populist wins a shock victory in Brazil
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show
[Music]
well obviously an awful morning to be
doing a podcast but here we are and I
have a lot of thoughts obviously on what
happened over the weekend the worst
anti-semitic shooting in American
history taking place at the Tree of Life
synagogue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
just awful and a lot to break down here
about the state of American politics
about the state of the country about the
state of civilization suffice it to say
the short story here is that when the
seams of Western civilization begin to
come apart anti-semitism is what crawls
through those gaps and that's exactly
what we've seen in the past few years
I'll talk more about that in just a
second first on a more uplifting note
let's talk about how you feed your dog
so dog food companies claim to use
natural ingredients but what kind of
beef or carrots can sit in a paper bag
for a year we can't eat processed food
for every meal and be our healthiest and
neither can your dog which is why you
need the farmers dog it's the company
helping dogs live long healthy lives
with nutritious fresh ready to serve dog
meals delivered directly to your door
now listen I will be honest I don't know
that much red Dawgs I don't know much
about dog food but I do know that my
bosses Doug my boss my business partners
dog Jasper
he loves this dog food not only that I
have many dog lovers who are in my
immediate family and among my friend
group and the farmers dog is great for
them and here's how it works
clever marketing has convinced Americans
to feed unhealthy kibble and can mush
the farmers dog is different the farmers
dog is the company that helps those dogs
by giving them nutritious fresh ready to
serve dog meals delivered directly to
your door you complete a short online
quiz of that developed plan is created
just for your dog food arrives at your
door in pre-portion package is ready to
open and pour it's easy it looks and
smells like real food because it is real
food just ask the chief executive dog my
real boss over at the daily wire Jasper
he voraciously gives his paw prints of
approval indeed oh we got a dog that is
a dog that really likes that food start
feeding your dog better today try a week
for free at the farmers dog calm slash
Ben plus you get free shipping again get
your first week for free at the farmers
dog calm slash Ben the farmers dog.com
slash Ben go check it out right now
you take that quiz and then the vet
develop plan is created just for your
dog and all this stuff arrives free at
your door the farmers dog calm slash Ben
the product is not free the shipping is
free go check it out right now the
farmers dog calm
you bet so you're gonna want a piece of
it or your dog is in any case so go
check that out right now all right so
let's talk about this tree of life
shooting so over the weekend obviously
the worst and cementec shooting attack
in the history of the United States 11
people murdered in a synagogue during
what we call a brief meal ah a bris
which is where an 8 day old boy is
circumsized and the baby naming ceremony
takes place at that point this was a
conservative synagogue not a politically
conservative synagogue a religiously
conservative synagogue in Judaism in
American Judaism anyway
there are several branches of Judaism
I'm an Orthodox Jew which means deeply
observant keep Sabbath don't drive on
Sabbath keep kosher
there's conservative judaism which is
sort of less orthodox people drive on
sabbath they sort of keep a form of
sabbath they don't keep the full kosher
but they have certain respect for torah
laws in any case this conservative
synagogue didn't have much security and
in anti-semitic white supremacist but i
repeat myself walked into the synagogue
armed with an ar-15 and proceeded to
shoot up the bris mila he was screaming
at the time all jews must die so
obviously a subtle fella so why does
this matter first of all i think that we
need to get something off the table
right away when an anti-semitic attack
occurs you generally don't need to
bother blaming particular politicians
anti-semitism is literally as old as the
jewish people literally as old as the
jewish people now there are politicians
in the past who have called for
anti-semitism there are politicians in
the past who have actively called for
the murder of Jews
I'm not saying a lot of those on today's
American scene there are a lot of
politicians on today's American scene
who hobnob with anti-semites who make
common cause with anti-semites we'll get
to all of that in just a second but
folks who are blaming the left or the
right for the answers emetic shooting
that happened yesterday white
supremacism and anti-semitic attacks on
Jews have existed for decades in this
country long before anything that is
going on in today's politics and that's
not to downplay what's happening in
today's politics that's what the rest of
the show is going to be about but let's
just be clear about this when it comes
to attacks on Jews there is nothing new
Under the Sun legitimately nothing new
Under the Sun I don't know a single Jew
seriously a single Jew who is not one
degree removed from a violent attack on
a Jew and that's not to say that
America's violent country for Jews it is
not America is the safest country in
world history for Jews America is an
incredible place
Jews but because the Jewish population
is so small and because so many Jews
know each other and because the Jews
sort of consider themselves an extended
family just as Christians consider
themselves an extended religious family
it's difficult not to feel it deeply
obviously when when an attack like this
takes place the history of the Jewish
people is filled with fractious division
but history has treated the Jews is a
closely bound unit Jewish identity isn't
really a choice it's a reality modernity
has obscured this for a lot of Jews but
the fact is that all Jews are in the
same boat when it comes to anti-semites
like this and as I say every Jew is one
degree removed from some level of
anti-semitic violence and I live in the
Los Angeles community I'm probably if
not the most prominent Orthodox Jew in
the country the most prominent Orthodox
Jew wearing a yarmulke in the country I
think would be fair to say I walk around
in public with a yarmulke that's how
safe I think this country is I live in a
city with some nine hundred thousand
Jews Los Angeles has nine hundred
thousand Jews living in the city still
anti-semitic attacks have occurred in
the LA Jewish community since I was a
child in 1991 a synagogue just down the
block from me was firebombed in 1999 a
white supremacist drove past the high
school that I would attend a year later
checked it out and then proceeded to
drive over to the West Valley JCC and
shoot it up in 2002 a radical Muslim
terrorist walked into the ll counter at
LAX and shot up the ll counter killing a
member of my community when I attended
the issue of the University High School
of Los Angeles we had bomb scares bomb
threats maybe over three months we'd
have to evacuate the school so
anti-semitism particularly from white
supremacists is nothing new here so this
brings us to the bigger question the
this brings us to the bigger question
and that is why this thing happened
right now now I'm not going to mention
the name of the shooter because I don't
mention the name of terrorists or mass
shooters on the program I don't want to
give them any sort of glory this mass
shooter used a little-known social
network to spew hatred toward Jews he
called them the children of Satan as he
showed off his family of firearms he now
faces the death penalty after unleashing
the guns on worshippers at the Tree of
Life synagogue he was particularly upset
about a non-jewish nonprofit providing
aid to refugees the Jewish nonprofit is
is called highest and he tweeted highest
lights to bring in vain
they kill our people I can't sit by and
watch my people get slaughtered screw
your optics I'm going in that was the
last tweet that he sent before he went
and murdered a bunch of Jews most of
them over the age of 50 including a
Holocaust survivor he also had a
particular dislike for President Trump
he dismissed President Trump as a
globalist rather than at a nationalist
he said there is no Magda as long as
there is a infestation I'm gonna
use the word here because I think it's
imperative to know the language that
these these monsters use these evil evil
people
so the media's take on all of this has I
think been quite simplistic and foolish
they have of course suggested that
President Trump is responsible for
everything President Trump is
responsible for the shooting
specifically because President Trump in
2016 2017 Winton nodded at the alt right
now I was highly critical of President
Trump for doing that I am highly
critical of President Trump for doing
that I was the number-one target of
alt-right anti-semitism online in 2016
with a bullet it was not close 40% of
all anti-semitic tweets by the alt-right
in 2016 were directed at me personally
okay so I am well-acquainted with the
folks that President Trump Whittington
nodded at this guy was not all right he
was a white supremacist there is a
slight difference he is not a member of
the modern alt-right movement which is
disgusting and evil and anti-semitic and
of itself but he is a white supremacist
with with a longer standing past because
this is a complex topic I'm gonna try to
parse this I'm gonna try to parse this
because a bunch of things can be true
all at once number one just as I said
last week with regard to the attempted
bombings against democratic targets just
as I said then you cannot connect a
politician's rhetoric to a violent
action unless the politician actually
calls for the violent action President
Trump has engaged in nothing even
remotely approaching incitement against
Jews
no one can aim a single comment that
he's ever made that looks like
incitement against Jews in fact this
President of the United States has been
extraordinarily pro-israel and Pro
Jewish the president's comments in
response to this particular anti-semitic
attack were far stronger than his
predecessors responses to similar
anti-semitic attacks for example here's
what the President of the United States
had to say in the after this is clip 15
this is what the president had to say in
the aftermath of the attack the scourge
of anti-semitism cannot be ignored
not be tolerated and it cannot be
allowed to continue we can't allow it to
continue it must be confronted and
condemned everywhere it rears its very
ugly head we must stand with our Jewish
brothers and sisters to defeat
anti-semitism and vanquish the forces of
hate that's what it is okay so his his
statements that anti-semitism must be
eradicated it was a far stronger
statement than Barack Obama's tweet so
here's what Barack Obama tweeted and I
want to show you the contrast between
this because again if we're going to
talk about standing with the Jews then
we have to talk about whose response to
this attack was actually a better
president Trump's about it was better
than Obama's here was Obama's response
on Twitter we grieve for the Americans
murdered in Pittsburgh all of us have to
fight the rise of anti-semitism and
hateful rhetoric against those who look
love or pray differently and we have to
stop making it so easy for those who
want to harm the innocent to get their
hands on a gun president Trump took on
anti-semitism point-blank
he said anti-semitism is evil and it
must be eradicated he didn't try to
liken it to hatred against any other
group he didn't try to make it about gun
control Barack Obama did both of those
things the left has a tendency to
obscure anti-semitism with the broad
brush of bigotry simply saying that
anti-semitism is like any other hatred
it is not like any other hatred every
hatred has its own diagnosis every
hatred has its own symptoms anti black
racism is not the same as anti-white
racism anti black racism is not the same
thing as anti-semitism anti LGBT
homophobia is not the same thing as
anti-semitism Barack Obama simply wants
to push a progressive agenda and so he
lumps in anti-semitism with all other
forms of hatred that is inaccurate and
it is untrue and it does have some
consequences when it comes to policy now
let's go through some of the elements
here that I think are important first of
all as I say president Trump in 2016
2017 did wink and not at the outright
okay again I've said this a thousand
times I've wrote editorials about it I
was extraordinarily vocal about it from
his unwillingness to condemn David Duke
on CNN his unwillingness to condemn
alt-right to tax on Julia Joffe the GQ
journalist we'll get to in a second to
bringing on Steve Bannon who called
himself the progenitor of a website that
was that became a gathering place for
the alt-right president Trump pointa
nodded at this I know this because I
became the target of the alt-right
Trump statements in the
for math of Charlottesville provided
Aiden comforts white-supremacist I don't
see any way around that but Trump is not
a white supremacist and he is not an
anti-semite he has a pathological
aversion to criticizing anyone who says
anything nice about him point number two
there's a bunch of things that are true
at the same time and if you want to
understand what's going on we need to
recognize this point number two white
supremacism is not outright Magda they
are not the same category of people
white supremacists long predated
President Trump they're not a new
development those people were going to
shoot Jews regardless of what anybody
had to say because they have been
shooting Jews since long before I was
born in 1999 as I mentioned a white
supremacist shot up our local JCC that
same year six Orthodox Jews were shot in
Chicago along with a black man in
several Asians by a white supremacist
this sort of stuff has been happening
for a very long time it has nothing to
do with President Trump third President
Trump has separated from the alt-right
in dramatic ways hey to say the
President Trump is still associated with
the alt-right is to be ignorant of
president Trump's administration or what
he has done the alt-right is enraged
with him if you go look at Richard
Spencer if you go look at some of the
other members of the alt-right they're
angry at him they believe that he has
been hijacked by the globalists okay the
same way that this shooter thought that
President Trump was standing up too much
for the
okay so that is the way that is just a
basic truth president Trump has been
extraordinarily Pro Jewish and
pro-israel in his actual presidency that
is a basic foundational truth and if you
failed to acknowledge it you are lying
by omission hey in a second I'm gonna
get to a few more points we have to keep
in mind then we'll get to the media's
response which again I think is
simplistic despicable and partisan we'll
get to all of that in just one second
first let's talk about your back of
comfort so I can't say enough about our
next sponsor the teeter inversion table
the teeter inversion table allows you to
use gravity and your own bodyweight to
decompress your spine relieve pressure
on your discs and surrounding nerves
decompressing on the teeter inversion
table for a few minutes a day is a great
addition to your daily routine I work
out a lot and that means that I get
lower back pain on a fairly frequent
basis what I do is I climb on that
teeter inversion table and I promise you
by the end of it by the end of my little
session on the teeter inversion table
I'm feeling a lot better I feel much
better it decompresses my spine it's
good for my shoulders I've done my
homework it is the best inversion table
on the market over three million people
have put their trust in teeter and for
good reason in fact my training partner
my my personal trainer he's a guy with
back problems he's been using the teeter
inversion table as well he loves it
they're offering a great deal just for
my listeners for a limited time you can
get the brand-new 2019 Teeter fits fine
inversion table model with bonus
accessories and a free pair of gravity
boots so you can invert at home or take
the boots with you to the gym teeter
inversion tables have thousands of
reviews on amazon.com they are rated at
4.6 stars and with this deal you will
get 150 bucks off when you go to teeter
calm /ban also you get free shipping
free return 60 day money-back guarantee
so you're not losing anything remember
you can only get those twenty the new
2019 teeter Fit spine inversion table
plus a free pair of gravity boots by
going to teeter calm / Ben that's te e
ter dot-com / Ben go check it out right
now teeter com / Ben okay a few more
points that we have to keep in mind with
regard to the shooting in Pennsylvania
and what it has to do with President
Trump which is to say very little
president Trump's I say has separated
from the alt-right in dramatic ways so
the first three points that I've made
here President Trump did wink and nod at
the alt-right for two years to white
supremacism not the same as alt-right
Magga three president Trump has
separated from the alt-right in dramatic
ways and they are pissed at him over it
okay that is true of this shooter - who
is anti Trump forth if we're going to
talk about how flirting with
anti-semites and anti-semitic rhetoric
and this making things less safe for
Jews then let's actually talk about that
who do you think has made the world less
safe for Jews president Trump and is
winking and nodding at the all right or
the left which mainstream's Louis
Farrakhan which mainstream's Linda
Sarsour
which mainstream's the BDS movement
which mainstream's
wildly anti-israel and anti-semitic
policies which one do you think is more
damaging to Jews all across the world
and in the United States which ones you
think is leading to more mainstream
anti-semitism do you think it's the
party that might have removed Jerusalem
tried to remove Jerusalem in 2012 from
their platform or is it the party that
moved the US Embassy to Jerusalem and
Israel do you think that it's the party
standing up for religious freedom or do
you think that it's the party looking to
obliterate a religious freedom in the
name of so-called anti-discrimination do
you think that it's the party that
mainlines keith Ellison and tries to
make him head of the DNC
after he refuses and spends years
backing Louis Farrakhan or do you think
that it might be the party that opposes
that mainstream members of the
Democratic Party routinely hobnob with
