all right the flaming garbage fire that
his American politics continues to flame
away and Al Franken has been caught in
the blaze plus we will talk about the
latest with Roy Moore and Bob Menendez
his jury is deadlocked so the news comes
fast and furious and crappy I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
here's that shot an airplane where
somebody says the bleep hits the fan and
there's actually a picture of poop
hitting fan and that's pretty much every
day in American politics now when I say
that it's a garbage fire I mean that
outside this door is a raging dumpster
fire and the smell just wafts through
the building and that is coming directly
from Washington DC and from Hollywood
and it's just all garbage and everyone
is garbage and that's the sort summary
of today's show but there's much more so
let's talk about all of the breaking
news but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at filter by so you
know you you don't think about the air
quality in your home until Wednesday
there's black mold on your ceiling and
you're dying that's why you need to go
to filter by okay at my house we hadn't
thought about our filters we looked at
our filters that they were all dirty
they were all terrible and so we went to
it we measured our filters and we saw
which ones we needed the one to filter
by comm they send you the size you need
within 24 hours plus free shipping they
use double the industry standard Merv
rating on most filter sizes all of their
filters are manufactured right here in
the United States and they can ship any
size and in any quantity say 5% when you
set up auto delivery I never think about
air filters again that's why I like the
the auto delivery option because it
means that you're never gonna have to
worry about all of the filters arriving
you never have to worry about forgetting
about it for five years and then you
look at it and it's completely black go
to filter by dot-com today and get the
best price on top quality filters
shipped within 24 hours plus free
shipping filter by dot Konig and that's
filter by common we accept that auto
delivery you get 5% off filter by
dot-com it's very easy things just do it
and forget about it and make sure that
your your family is safe because air
quality is linked to health again filter
by comm all right so I do have a big
announcement coming momentarily about my
speech tour and no it's not like a big
announcement like Trump's big
announcement about his Asian tour which
was basically him announcing which
Chinese restaurants he'd eaten out in
China it's actually a really big
announcement we'll do that in just a
moment but first the news so the news
today
Al Franken likes Graham
big boobs really like this is the news
today so Al Franken is now being accused
by an LA anchor namely aunt Whedon she's
on KBC she tweeted on Thursday morning
that inspired by representative Jackie
Speier a Democrat who encouraged anyone
who had been victimized by a member of
Congress to step forward she decided to
tell her story in an essay published on
KB C's website according to daily
wire.com Sweden described her encounter
with Al Franken the senator from
Minnesota the man who is supposedly the
new conscience of the Senate yesterday
he was ripping up justice Don Willett
the Texas Supreme Court justice Don
Willett ripping him up and down because
Texas justice Don Willett who is very
funny on Twitter and once tweeted
something about how he wanted to
legalize marriage to bacon because he
liked bacon so much and Al Franken
thought that this was a slap at the gay
community somehow which is weird because
gay people aren't bacon but in any case
now Frank and apparently sexually
harassed slash assaulted Lea and
tweeting she said in an essay she
describes her encounter with Franken
whom she says used comedy as an excuse
to be inappropriate because comedians in
Hollywood apparently are all in
appropriate from louis c.k to David
Letterman tweeting a former model was on
her ninth tour with the USO and expected
to be the event emcee but quickly
discovered that Franken had penned a
special skit for her to perform with him
and he'd included a kiss that he
insisted they practiced beforehand so
here is the here is the actual essay
quote he repeated that actors really
need to rehearse everything and that we
must practice the kiss I said okay so he
would stop badgering me we did the line
leading up to the kiss and then he came
at me put his hand on the back of my
head mashed his lips against mine and
aggressively stuck his tongue in my
mouth hey first of all you know that is
sexual assault but I will say that every
actor in Hollywood has apparently done
this to every actress in Hollywood but
talk to any actress in this town you'll
see this is a very common occurrence
this is not letting Al Franken off the
hook by any means it's just to show you
that in Hollywood this stuff is soup
really prevalent he said I mean she says
I immediately pushed him away
with both of my hands against his chest
and told him if he ever did that to me
again I wouldn't be so nice about it the
next time I walked away all I could
think about was getting to a bathroom as
fast as possible to rinse the taste of
him out of my mouth okay she said she
didn't report frankenz behavior or the
alleged assaults to superiors but did
her best to stay out of frankenz way the
rest of the tour he repaid her she says
my pepper ignore with insults and drunk
devil horns on pictures she signed for
the troops then on the fly
home as Sweden slept in her kevlar vest
and helmet she says Franken groped her
while he posed for this photo yeah there
is there is a senator from Minnesota
groping or attempting to grope a
sleeping woman just all classes is
Senator Al Franken and she says I
couldn't believe me I couldn't believe
it he groped me without my consent while
I was asleep I felt violated all over
again
embarrassed belittled humiliated how's
there anyone grab my breasts like this
and think it's funny I told my husband
everything that happened and showed him
the picture she claimed she was too
scared to complain worried about the
potential backlash and possibility that
lobbing a sexual harassment allegation
against a famous comedian but every
percussionist sort of career which it
would the way that it works in Hollywood
because Hollywood is a scummy place is
that if you complain about sexual
harassment no one will hire you ever
again
this is reality and it's horrifying this
is it's it's really disgusting you're
considered a hard to put up with you're
considered somebody who doesn't get it
and isn't cool in Hollywood if you don't
put up with men acting like pervs or
anyone acting like a Purvis I'm gonna
grow up seonyu and you say anything
about it this makes you a prude in
Hollywood seriously Al Franken has now
responded to the allegations saying he
sends his sincerest apologies and the
photo was quote clearly intended to be
funny oh boy he says I certainly don't
remember the rehearsal for this getting
the same way but I send my sincerest
apologies to Leanne as to the photo was
clearly intended to be funny but wasn't
I shouldn't have done it
Al Franken is in serious poopoo now he's
in serious trouble we're about to find
out whether Democrats are flaming
hypocrites because they of course have
been calling for Roy Moore to be
expelled from the Senate if he were
elected and forever Republicans distance
themselves from Roy Moore the the Senate
Republican from Alabama quick correction
on make on the show so I keep saying for
the last two days the snot has addled my
brain from this cold I kept saying that
Richard Burr was the senator from
Alabama it's Richard Shelby of course in
any case the Democrats have been calling
for for Roy Moore to step down anyone
who does not call for Roy Moore to step
down is obviously is obviously
horrifying but are they saying the same
things about Al Franken well we know
that several of the several of the
Senators have been running away from
questions about this they they've been
legitimately like running from the press
and that makes perfect sense because
none of this matters to the you if it's
a member of your own political party
right it's in there's a bunch of
sascha stone is is a writer over I guess
Awards daily and she said sorry but if
what said but but if what Al Franken is
doing that photo with sexual harassment
we're gonna need a bigger boat come on
people snap out of it if someone did
this to my wife I'd punch them in the
face
how's that yeah I think this is a pretty
good standard right I think I think this
is a good standard for sexual harassment
/ sexual assault if someone's did this
to your wife would you punch them in the
face if you're a dude or if you're a
girl would you feel like you should
punch them in the face if the answer is
yes then it's probably I feel like
that's it
that's a pretty good standard so jeanne
shaheen right the Democrat from New
Hampshire she said quote I'm a member of
the Ethics Committee so I can't comment
oh-ho-ho-ho-ho so I guess this is how
it's gonna go now right women Democratic
women not quite standing by other women
I guess I'd heard that that Gillibrand
says that quote she so now Kirsten
Gillibrand has said that the allegations
against Franklin Franken are deeply
disturbing since she believes the woman
who accused him it's it's pretty
astonishing stuff this is the state of
American politics now so I have a
proposal to fix all of this it's
actually two proposals so proposal
number one is that we should actually
just have all the Congress people stay
home I think the remote voting is the
best solution to this so all of these
senators should be forced to live in the
districts from which they spring and
live at home with their wives and their
husbands this is the way that the sexual
harassment would I think be minimized
not because these people aren't scumbags
when they're in their home district but
because Washington DC is a scummy place
filled with scummy people but the other
way we can do this is it's time for I
think robot Congress so I think we need
to elect robots to Congress maybe that's
a little extreme but in any case we will
see whether the Democrats are giant
hypocrites or whether the Democrats are
not giant hypocrites in very very short
order obviously some are and some aren't
what's funny about this is the Democrats
really don't have any risk in getting
rid of Franken if they get rid of
Franken the governor of Minnesota right
now is Democrat still appoint a
replacement probably somebody like keith
ellison who is in absolute anti-semite
to watch against from the more say Al
Franken in the Senate politically if Al
Franken is replaced so Democrats are not
much to worry about by Mat Iglesias is
logic yesterday at voxcom
they have no excuse not to get rid of
him I do also want to do this flashback
because you're seeing a lot of Democrats
these days talk about how the Clintons
should go
you know it's time for Bill Clinton to
go and and now they're all hot and
bothered about sexual harassment I am
excited I will say this I'm excited that
Roy Moore is now forcing all Democrats
to be consistent about sexual harassment
right this is the only reason why
they're pretending to care about
offering and I don't think they deeply
care about Al Franken they certainly
didn't care about Bill Clinton being
disgusting piece of garbage until the
last five minutes or so this is the last
year I believe Joy Behar saying that
Bill Clinton's accusers were tramps on
national television I wonder if she
missed the opportunity to address it in
a way that the public would understand
that that's just not how you behave yeah
I would like to apologize to those
tramps that have slept with my husband's
okay so she's calling all of them tramps
right this is until the last five
minutes now it's believed the women
believe women the only reason the
Democrats are saying this of course they
want Roy Moore gone the network's if you
remember during the last election cycle
when Donald Trump brought up all of the
accusers against Bill Clinton the
network's attacked Trump for having the
temerity to bring up these accusers
Donald Trump proving nothing is
off-limits dramatically intensifying his
attacks on former President Bill
Clinton's history with women I looked at
the New York Times are they gonna
interview Juanita Broderick are they
gonna interview Paula Jones are they
gonna interview Kathleen Willey in one
case it's about exposure in another case
that's about groping and fondling and
touching against the woman's will and
rape and rape the rape accusation is
decades old and discredited TRADOC
settlements massive settlement $850,000
lots of other things they were referring
to a trio of women who say Bill Clinton
made unwanted sexual advances in the 80s
and 90s mr. Clinton denies it two of the
cases were plagued by factual
discrepancies still the accusations
linger and will be a focus of GOP ads
against Hillary Clinton's okay so look
how the media was downplaying all this
until two seconds ago when Bill
Clinton's dessicated political body was
thrown right under that train because
now it's time to get Republicans really
amazing how this happened el isn't if
inadvertently we end up raising our
standards for politicians because
everybody is so focused on getting rid
of the other guy that they're forced to
abide by their own standards maybe
something good comes out of this maybe
we actually all
new standards I don't think that's
what's going to happen though I think
that this will be a five-minute break
from from partisan politics dominating
and then we'll go right back to being
terrible about electing terrible people
I mean remember Democrats were so insane
back in the nineties over this thing
that Bill Clinton who was a perjurer and
a sexual molester and Bill Clinton was
applauded by Democrats after he was
impeached Democrats came to the White
House and they gave him a standing
ovation I asked the American people to
move with me
to go on from here the rise of other
rancor to overcome the pain and division
to be a repairer of the breach all of us
to make this country as one America what
it can and must be for our children in
the new century about to dawn thank you
very much there's literally after he was
impeached by the house right they're all
standing there clapping for him yeah the
reason that I bring this up is not what
about ISM I'm hung for one more to step
down on Fox News yesterday I said that
Roy Moore should step down on Fox and
Friends right so president Trump's
favorite show I said directly on that
show that that Roy Moore should
absolutely step down from his from his
Senate run so there's not what and what
about ISM only applies if you say that
you're excusing Roy Moore's behavior
because of Bill Clinton the reason that
I'm bringing up Bill Clinton is because
I believe that the standard for American
politicians was set in the 1990s and
that has been the consistent standard
all the way until now and so if
Democrats want to get rid of Roy Moore
and this is gonna force them to get rid
of Al Franken to good good now with all
of that said I do think that we should
be careful about what exactly are the
standards for sexual harassment and
sexual assault like we should have a
picture of Al Franken
you know purporting to grab a woman's
breasts while she's sleeping that's a
pretty bad stuff I want to make sure
that the allegations that we see are
credible the reason that I said that
more is I mean that picture as a pig I
mean come on there's a picture for you
but if it but the reason that I've said
that Roy Moore should step down is
because the allegations are credible I
went when Ted Cruz for example during
his campaign was accused to have slept
with a bunch of his campaign aides the
allegations were not credible because
there was no there are no names that
were named all of the libman denied it
there was not any there was not any
corresponding information but there was
I remember during the campaign there was
a rape allegation that the media were
not widely reporting against Donald
Trump and
because the accusers story basically
fell apart pretty quickly so the
allegations have to be credible but with
that said you know that I think that if
we're gonna if our new standard is the
credible allegations are treated as we
don't want these people anywhere near
the levers of power I think that's a
good thing maybe inadvertently we'll
stumble into something better here okay
so before I go any further and I do have
a big announcement about my my College
lecture tour in just a moment first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Birch gold so right now if it
feels like the economy is is doing
really well but it still feels like it
might be a little bit inflated and you
think that maybe the stock market's
gonna take a dive sometime in here if
you are concerned that there are some
there's gonna be some shock to the real
estate market if or if you just want to
hedge your bet that's why it's time to
buy some precious metals go over to
birchgold.com slash bend and they'll
give you a comprehensive 16 page kit
showing how gold and silver can protect
your savings how you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of risky stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA
Birch gold group they belong standing
track record of continued success
thousands of satisfied clients countless
five-star reviews an A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau contact Birch
gold group right now to request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals again that's birchgold.com /ban
we've had them on the show they're the
people that I trust with precious metals
investment ask all your questions make
sure you feel secure and then get
precious metals as part of your
portfolio birchgold.com slash button
okay so here's the big announcement that
I've been teasing a little bit here so
my college tour is ramping up next year
we've spoken up 3035 college campuses
over the last couple of years and now
I'm announcing that we are partnering
exclusively with young America's
Foundation they sponsored many of my
campus tours for my 2018-2019 campus
tour and thanks to Fred Allen who is one
of the who's the biggest sponsor for
this a lot of students who have wanted
to host an event but lacked the
necessary funding they're being granted
that funding by yeah yeah and their vast
u network continue to plan engaging
campus events and they are we don't have
a process for this so because we receive
so many requests every single day I mean
literally dozens of requests every
single day and because of how many off
receives on their end we've now been
setting to working to set up a formal
application process so for all the
college students who want to bring me
