the VMAs feature Trump bashing students
at the University of North Carolina tear
down a statue and I have the two
stupidest stories you have ever heard
back to bak back they are incredible I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
these stories are so good that I can't
even get through the opener that's how
amazing these stories are we'll get to
all of the latest news but first let's
talk about the fact that you brush your
teeth wrong okay we know you do you go
to the dentist and then they ask you how
often you brush your teeth and how long
are you brushing your teeth and then you
lie to your dentist and then you go home
you feel good about yourself but you're
a liar the reality is that you need
equip you need quip electric toothbrush
it's the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amounts of
vibration into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric brushes that gives
you guiding pulses that alert you when
to switch sides making brushing the
right amount of effortless and quip also
comes the mount that suctions right to
your mirror and unsticks use as a cover
for hygienic travel anywhere whether
it's going in your gym bag or carry-on
and because the thing that cleans your
mouth should also be clean quip
subscription plan refreshes your brush
on a dentist recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just five bucks as soon as
you sign up you never have to worry
about it again quip is backed by a
network of over 10,000 dental
professionals it really is fantastic it
travels really easily when you replace
the battery it takes about five seconds
it's really simple you don't have to
have that giant charging station they
hook up next to your mirror and takes up
ugly mirror space go check it out right
now quip starts at just 25 bucks if you
go to get quip comm slash Shapiro right
now you'll get your first refill pack
free with a quip electric toothbrush
that is your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash Shapiro again GE tqu
IP comm slash up here oh I love my quip
electric toothbrush and you will to get
clipped comm slash Shapiro so last night
was the Video Music Awards the most
important of all award ceremonies
because it is deeply important that we
have award ceremonies that give awards
to people who earn millions and millions
of dollars for making crappy music that
is popular and I know I know you're
gonna tell me that I'm an elitist in my
tastes right because I like good things
and just because things are popular
doesn't make them good see the movie
Titanic for an example but if avatar is
an even better example what is more
telling about the VMAs than anything
else is the amount of political
posturing that happens at the VMAs the
reason that Democrats are having trouble
in the middle of the country is because
there's an elitist feel to the Democrats
the reason Donald Trump won is not
because there are all these dispossessed
people in the center of the country who
felt economically left behind the reason
that Trump won is because Trump was a
giant middle finger to a bunch of people
in Hollywood in New York that's really
what Trump was what Trump was was people
getting sick of being told that they
were racist sexist bigoted homophobes
and Trump responding by basically
flipping everyone
and the Republican base cheering yeah
because we were so sick of hearing over
and over and over that we are terrible
people and that was reinforced all
throughout the 2016 campaign for example
Hillary Clinton bringing out ads with
Lena Dunham who may have molested her
sister but she was supposed to be this
great Hollywood moral icon who is going
to tell us all about how we ought to
think about issues like abortion and the
DNC replete with all sorts of stars and
and people cutting versions of fight
song with Elizabeth Banks and and the
stars of the pitch perfect movies and
everybody in the middle confirm it
really that's your pitch to me in Ohio
is Lady gaga that's your big pitch
thanks for that the VMAs are another way
for the Democratic Left to reinforce
just how out of touch they are and
what's funny is that the people who are
actually in the business of politics
know this so sherrod Brown is a senator
from Ohio he's a little bit more
moderate than the typical Democrat not
much he's got that wild hair over there
but he's the guy who's in touch with
that blue-collar base in Ohio right he
has to be elected in the same state that
Trump won by something like eight points
well sure Brown was on TV yesterday on
the MSNBC's and he said the Democrats
aren't really showing that they're
fighting for the little guy
well I think Democrats have not talked
enough about fighting for the little guy
meaning it really our party to into life
so to free-trade you're not there to go
there to the party has been to free
trade but the Republicans have been more
free trade but that's our problem to
show where we are and fight for workers
but I don't think the voters necessarily
think what we should be thinking and
that as you fight for the little guy
whether she punches a clock whether he
works in a diner whether she works
construction whether it works in
manufacturing so let's ask a question
those people who are punching a clock
working in a diner working in
manufacturing and people who are working
on assembly lines or who are going to a
factory in the evenings do they really
want to hear from a bunch of pampered
celebrities who are millions of dollars
to read lines written by others or sing
songs written by others or warble
off-key songs that are then later
auto-tuned for millions of dollars so
they want to hear from those people
about what America really constitutes is
that really what's their cup of tea the
answer of course is no and yet that's
what Democrats continue to to resonate
to the the Democratic elite are wildly
out of touch with all the people who are
in the middle of the country which is
why they continue to cater the folks
over at the VMAs so the VMAs Video Music
Awards it used to
actually celebrate music of a sort now
it's basically just a place for
political posturing Kevin Hart was
hosting this thing with a Tiffany
Haddish is that how it's pronounced and
and Kevin Hart he he started off by
joking about President Trump a lot which
is a brave thing what my favorite part
of this is that when Kevin Hart jokes
about all this what you'll hear is a
triumphalism in his voice look at how
brave I am it's very reminiscent of
Robert DeNiro at the Emmy Awards where
he started shouting fu Trump and then
raising his arms raising his fists
because he had single-handedly deposed
the President of the United States under
Article 32 of the Constitution of the
United States if an actor who once
played a boxer shouts fu Trump at the
president he's no longer the president
so naturally Robert De Niro is very
enthusiastic about this he got a
standing ovation for shouting fu Trump
so going to virtue signal in front of a
bunch of people who totally agree with
you at Rockefeller Center in the middle
of New York City or in Los Angeles this
is the height of courage in the in the
entertainment sphere it's just like
Normandy it's like the guys who are
coming off the boats and fighting the
Nazis
that's Kevin Hart and Tiffani hottish
saying after you Trump this makes them
feel good inside it makes them feel like
they've done something a virtuous and
strong in a room full of people who
agree with them and think that virtue
and strength come from shouting at the
President of the United States here's
Kevin Hart joking about about Trump
again if you if you don't think this is
off-putting then you're really not
following how America works these days
I'm looking at this like it's game day
people but do not worry because at this
game you guys are allowed to kneel you
can do whatever the hell you want
there's no old white man that can stop
you do it I mean beats pop off bad
language people went to the bathroom to
send out crazy tweets it's basically
like the typical day at the White House
and your face struck suck it in your
face Trump suck it well first of all
funny would be good hey Kevin Hart used
to be a comedian now he's just a short
guy who yells at the president and he's
one of the few people in America that
I'm allowed to call short because it's
actually shorter than I am but in any
case I'm gonna least take a moment to
enjoy that but Kevin Hart yeah doing
this routine at the Video Music Awards
broadcast across the nation watched by
seven people but treasured by the
celebrity culture in the Democratic
Party is that sort of thing going to
hurt Trump or is it going to help Trump
the answer of course is it's radically
going to help from every time people in
the culture decide to insert themselves
into politics everyone else gets
really really annoyed but it wasn't just
that and there was somebody named logic
I assume that was his given name I said
he came out of his mother and his mother
said I shall call you logic but
apparently he's some sort of rapper
don't know don't really care and he did
some song called one day he ran out
while doing this song wearing a shirt
that said F the wall and then he brought
out a bunch of kids who are either
illegal immigrants or children of
activists and they're all wearing shirts
that say we are all human beings right
ok but some of you are here illegally
like there are lots of different types
of human beings all over planet Earth
and in the United States as well that
does not answer the question I mean you
could go to prison and say and have
everybody wear shirts saying we are all
human beings like there are lots of
types of human beings that's I'm going
to say these kids are bad but again the
virtue signaling in the room is really
strong also if the wall I just wonder
whether mr. logic actually has a wall
around his house I assume he lives in
some sort of gated community he has
security it's very easy to pick on
celebrities this way because they live
in a world that they don't actually
inhabit there's a great book by charles
murray called coming apart and what the
book is really about is all of these
people who's kind of white upper crust
elites who live on the coasts and they
push a message of social liberalism they
push that single motherhood is totally
wonderful then they push that abortion
is totally cool and they push that not
saving your money is fine they push all
of these socially liberal messages about
big government and high taxes and then
they take all their money and they store
it in offshore bank accounts and they
get married and they have kids just like
a normal family in 1955 but everybody in
the middle of the country who listens to
them follows this advice and then they
live crappy lives well that's exactly
what happens when you see these
celebrities talking about after the wall
you think these people are going to be
affected by the lack of a wall on the
southern border they're not ranchers in
Arizona
okay these folks are not going to be
affected by this all that a lack of a
wall means to these folks is that they
have cheaper illegal immigrant labor to
do their lawns legitimately that's what
celebrities and all I do most of the
time celebrities who are interacting
with illegal immigrants are doing so in
terms of household service seriously I
live in LA I promise you I know a lot of
these celebrities and most of them when
they talk about illegal immigrants
they're talking about that they want a
cheap housekeeper or a cheap nanny now
listen I don't blame any of the people
who are coming across the border to live
a better life in the United States I do
blame a system that allows people to
cross the border illegally without
it seems to me that the least a country
can do is check the folks coming across
the border to make sure that number one
they are safe number two they are
educated and number three they're going
to contribute to society and not mooch
off of society but these folks it
doesn't affect them it doesn't matter to
them they don't live in poorer
neighborhoods where culture changes when
thousands of people come across the
border and they don't speak the native
tongue and they bring customs from home
right that that doesn't actually make
any difference to people who are living
in gated communities and gated
establishments doesn't make any
difference to them because they are
gated off from everyone else and the
only actual contact they have with the
illegal immigration doesn't involve any
additional crime it doesn't involve any
sort of additional poverty that exists
in certain communities in the United
States thanks to illegal immigration it
doesn't actually change any of that for
them so it's easy for them to go up
there and virtue signal in front of all
of their rich friends
here was the aforementioned logic again
I'm so confused by rapper names I can't
even express it but here here is logic
performing one day in a wall that reads
F the way in a shirt that reads F the
wall
[Applause]
I really have to admit it's almost
impossible not to watch this particular
number and just get flashes to pop star
with Andy Samberg because he is one guy
singing like wait who is it George
Michael in it with George Michael
singing and then some guy rapping about
social justice in the background it's
really it's really incredible so if you
haven't seen that movie you should go
check it out it's very obscene but it's
really really funny but that's what all
of this stuff is and it is inherently
absurd it's inherently absurd they
didn't just do that they also cut a TV
promo to get out the vote which is
really exciting they had all of these
celebrities who cut a TV promo trying to
tell everybody it's important to Rock
the Vote because this is what we need is
celebrities telling people to vote
I would prefer frankly that fewer
uninformed people vote rather than
everybody who watches the VMAs voting
also if people are voting because the
celebrity told you to then you probably
shouldn't be voting in the first place
the final word on this comes courtesy of
Michael avenatti who legitimately showed
up at the VMAs I will explain in just
one second but first let's talk about
something deeply exciting your air
filters oh yes I know you're living in
your home right now you're thinking I
don't need an air filter yeah go open up
that vent I promise you when you open it
up what it's gonna be
is a bunch of gunk in your air filter
and you've been breathing that in for
months because you didn't care enough to
think about the exciting topic of your
air filters well this is why you need
filter by it's America's leading
provider of HVAC filters for homes and
small businesses with over 600 sizes
that ship for free within 24 hours plus
they're manufactured right here in the
United States I recommend that you
subscribe so you don't forget to
regularly replace those filters like I
do plus they knock five percent off the
order when you do subscribe you know
there there's a lot of smoke and dust in
the air particularly in places like
California right now you're gonna want
to go out and make sure that your air
quality is the best it can be
save time save money breathe better with
filter by comm again that's filter B Y
comm filter by accom and again subscribe
so that they will automatically send you
the filters that you need on a regular
schedule and they knock five percent off
the order we use it here at the daily
wire offices I use filter by at home and
they have customizable sizes as well if
that's something you need filter by calm
again filter BY calm and tell them that
I sent you by telling them that you
listened to ben shapiro show okay so the
best part of this and what when I say
that the Democrats and the VMAs are
basically one thing that the celebrity
culture of the Democratic Party has
basically eaten the Democratic Party I
mean that apocryphally I don't mean that
in any sort of vague sense Barack Obama
is sort of the celebrity to the
celebrity culture and the the mutual
back scratching of celebrity that went
on during the Obama administration was
pretty incredible everybody in Hollywood
thought Barack Obama was a celebrity and
Barack Obama wanted to hang out with the
celebrities who thought that he was a
celebrity so the merger of celebrity and
politics was already in place long
before we elected a reality television
star to the presidency of the United
States Barack Obama was actually the
first reality TV star to be president of
the United States he had no real
political experience he came out of
nowhere TV glorified him and he was
considered a celebrity more than he was
a politician even before he was elected
president of the United States in any
case what this leads to is the actual
merger of reality TV in politics which
is I have to admit deeply entertaining
so Michael avenatti you'll remember is
the lawyer for stormy Daniels he became
famous literally by representing a porn
star who once took the president
this is his legitimate claim to fame the
only reason he is famous is because
stormy the annuals during Shark Week
nailed the president and then went away
for many years because the president
paid her lots of money to go away and
then in an act of brazen bravery decided
to come out and tell her important story
she doesn't allege the president
actually abused her in any way she just
wanted to come out makes money off of
this thing so she could strip for higher
rates but Michael avenatti is her lawyer
and he's been out there saying that he
is going to tear down the president he's
the lawyer who's finally going to bring
down the President of the United States
and he shows up at the VMAs now
everybody's sort of laughing at this I
think Michael a Vinod he has a shot at
the 2020 nomination I do I'll explain
why after you watch Michael avenatti
talk about why he's the Video Music
Awards are you doing here well you know
I was invited to this great event it's a
pretty cool event and I thought I'd show
up you surprised to be invited a little
bit a little bit but you know hopefully
it won't be the first time well it is
the first time hopefully it won't be the
last time so are you really considering
a run for president I am I'm serious
about it I'm seriously looking at it I'm
traveling around talking to people in
the country and you know I've been
really surprised at how much enthusiasm
there is out there for the potential so
I'm gonna make a decision I want to be
smart about it deliberately you know why
because the VMAs is a is a signifier of
democratic in if you want to know what
time
let's feel all you have to do is really
watch the VMAs you'll know Democrats
think you have to look at their various
policy proposals and you have to talk to
the Democrat socialist of America and
all the rest if you don't know what they
feel watch the VMAs and that is a
visceral hatred for the President of the
