Democrats pull a horrendous last-minute
dirty trick on Brett Kavanaugh we review
the results of last night's primary
elections in New York and we'll check
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
all right we've a lot to get to today a
lot of breaking news happening and we
will break down everything that happened
in New York last night but first let's
talk about your safety in security I am
somebody obsessed with safety in
security and that is why I use ring.com
at my home ring is the video doorbell
company that allows you to see and speak
to anyone when they come to your door
and they've actually sent us actual
footage of ring busting crooks in the
act this one is just weird and creepy
here's what it sounds like hey sorry
we're in the middle of dinner can I help
you yes how are you good how are you
good seen you in a while no I don't know
who you are I'm Justin I met you long
time ago god bless it turns out that she
did not know Justin when he was younger
and in fact Justin might have just been
a creepy guy trying to break and we
don't know anything about Justin other
than it's a good thing this lady had
ring because if she hadn't then she met
up in that front door and things could
have gone very very differently a lot
happens at your front door and that's
why you need ring and rings flood like
cam they have a spotlight cam as well
they let you bring a building ring up
security around your entire property
stop crime before it happens help make
your neighborhood safer with rings hey
up to one hundred and fifty bucks on a
ring of security kit at ring comm slash
Ben that's ring.com / Ben again one
hundred and fifty bucks off when you go
to ring calm / Ben go check it out right
now
ring calm / Ben for that special deal
alright so the breaking news today is
that poem Anna Ford has apparently cut a
deal with the federal government with
the Muller investigation we don't know
what that deal encompasses we know that
Paula that poem Anna fort had already
been convicted on several felony counts
related to bank and tax fraud charges
and then he was to move on to a second
trial and he pled guilty in that trial
to avoid a a longer sentence apparently
the according to the New York Times the
negotiations over a plea deal related to
a separate set of seven charges
encompassing conspiracy obstruction of
justice money-laundering false
statements and violations of a lobbying
disclosure law it's not clear exactly
what manna fort might plead guilty to
apparently he's pleading guilty to a
bunch of charges having to do with
failing to register
as a foreign agent of the Ukrainian
government back when a named Yanukovych
was was running the country in any case
man affords trial on the second set of
charges was scheduled to get underway on
Monday but now he has pled guilty he's
going to turn over apparently an
enormous amounts of property the federal
government what is more important
because who cares about Paul Manafort
what's more important here is that Paul
Manafort is apparently working under
cooperation agreement with the Muller
investigation which means that
presumably he is flipping maybe on
President Trump and this is the part
where it starts to get real dicey for
the Trump administration because nobody
actually knows what man affort knows
nobody knows exactly what man affort was
doing now again there's no evidence
that's actually been shown that mana
fort was actively cooperating with the
russian government on behalf of Trump
Trump could still say listen I just
hired this guy manna for because this
guy manna Ford has long-standing
high-level RNC ties going back
legitimately years years I mean ties to
top members of RNC finance ties to top
political members of the RNC going back
election cycles I mean several election
cycles and Trump could just say listen I
was looking for a campaign manager there
wasn't a professional available the RNC
suggested that I pick up manna for it
because they knew him I picked him up
and whatever he did on the side that's
his business but that doesn't mean that
I personally knew anything the problem
is that Trump has made kid claims that
the Trump campaign had nothing to do
with Russia if it turns out that man
afford as his campaign manager was
messing about with Russia then that
could lead to some pretty severe
consequences according to ABC the deal
is expected to be announced in court
Friday it remains unclear whether Manta
Ford has agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors were simply conceding to a
guilty plea and now appears that he is
indeed cooperating with prosecutors we
don't actually know again what's the
information that he's going to turn over
to prosecutors what exactly are they
getting in return for a reduced sentence
of some sort we don't know the answer to
that and we're gonna have to wait for
the answer to that but it's not good
news for President Trump obviously
president Trump you remember was
tweeting incessantly after the Paul
Manafort convictions a couple of weeks
ago which came out on the same day that
Michael Cohen pled guilty and said that
he was cooperating with federal
prosecutors do you recall that president
from tweeted out how much he loved Man
afford for not flipping on him now it is
now it's getting real ugly now it's
really ugly so man
has indeed agreed to cooperate with the
special counsel in the Russia probe on
July 31st mana forts attorney had told
CBS there was no chance his client would
cooperate with the special counsel to
avoid his first trial but now he is
apparently going to have to cooperate to
avoid the second trial so this could be
very ugly for the Trump campaign the
Trump administration we're going to have
to see what this actually means
everybody is jumping to the conclusion
that this is the end of Trump you know
again unless there is something deeply
unless there is something I think deeply
indicted and convicting a president
Trump himself it's gonna be very
difficult to make the claim that
President Trump was personally approving
any sort of Putin manipulation of the
election but we'll have to see the
evidence that mana 4 provides because
after all could be and Manta for again
does haven't he does have an incentive I
would say to spill as much of his guts
as he possibly can on the president or
to theoretically make things up in order
to avoid the consequences of his own
corruption apparently going back years
but the fact that mana fort is flipping
his bad news for president Rumple
meanwhile the Democrats are trying to
play every dirty trick they can with
regard to Brett Kavanaugh yesterday saw
the dirtiest trick of all this was
Dianne Feinstein's the senior Democrat
on the Senate Judiciary Committee she
refer to information involving judge
Brett Kavanaugh president Trump's
nominee to the Supreme Court to federal
investigators on Thursday but the
senator declined to make public what
exactly the matter involved two
officials familiar with the matter say
the incident involved possible sexual
misconduct between judge Kavanaugh and a
woman when they were both in high school
so now we're gonna go back 35 years to
try and find something that Brett
Kavanaugh allegedly did wrong hey Dianne
Feinstein's announcement yesterday was
just perverse because here's what she
announced quote I have received
information from an individual
concerning the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court that
individual strongly requested
confidentiality declined to come forward
oppress the matter further and I have
honored that decision I have however
referred the matter to federal
investigative authorities so in other
words somebody came with information I'm
not gonna tell you what the information
is I'm not gonna tell you where it came
from
I've referred it to federal authorities
so it could be anything it could be the
worst thing you could possibly imagine
or it could be the Bret cabin always
mean to someone back in high school but
I'm not gonna say so and this is where
you start to look at this stuff and say
yeah this is pretty
I see stuff yeah if Diane Feinstein
really knew months ago that Brett
Kavanaugh had to say raped somebody
wouldn't she have been under an
obligation to tell federal law
enforcement then why wait until the week
or two before the confirmation vote I'm
Brett Kavanaugh except to scuttle the
boat simply out of out of this kind of
dirty tricks playbook this is really
really dirty stuff Ronan Farrow has a
piece over at The New Yorker in which
he's essentially accusing Brett
Kavanaugh of something more dire or at
least he's or at least he's
substantiating the allegation here's
what Ronan Farrow is writing as well as
Jane Mayer over at The New Yorker
the woman was asked not to be identified
first approached Democratic lawmakers in
July
shortly after Trump nominated Kavanagh
so in other words Democrats knew about
this for months because it is now
September okay so they knew about it in
July August and September they did
nothing about it they didn't refer it to
the FBI they waited until now to take a
allegation that Cavanaugh has apparently
completely denied and throw that into
the public square it's sort of a red
meat thing to stop Bret Cavanaugh's
nomination Democratic lawmakers didn't
do anything about it the allegation
dates back to the early 1980s when
Cavanaugh was a high school student at
Georgetown Prep School in Bethesda
Maryland and the woman attended a nearby
High School in the letter the woman
alleged that during an encounter at a
party Cavanaugh held her down and that
he attempted to force himself on her she
claims in the letter that Cavanaugh and
a classmate of his both of whom had been
drinking turned up music that was
playing in the room to conceal the sound
of her protest and that Cavanaugh
covered her mouth with his hand she was
able to free herself
although the alleged incident took place
decades ago and the three individuals
involved were minors the woman said the
memory had been a source of ongoing
distress for her and that she had sought
psychological treatment as a result in a
statement Cavanaugh said quote I
categorically and unequivocally denied
this allegation I did not do this back
in high school or at any time
Cavanaugh's classmates said of the
woman's allegation I have no
recollection of that and the woman's
declined a request for an interview so
how exactly is Diane Feinstein bringing
this up now again with no evidence other
than this woman's allegation which has
been denied by everyone else who was
there now maybe if she's telling the
truth maybe she is but wouldn't it have
behoove Diane Feinstein to initiate that
investigation say in July when she first
received the information I mean this is
dirty tricks at its very finest it's
dirty trick
all the way down and this is not the
last time this is not the most yeah the
only time the Democrats have tried this
routine they tried the same routine with
Anita Hill during Clarence Thomas's
hearing bringing up allegations that
were thoroughly non-credible for a
variety of reasons about Clarence Thomas
supposedly sexually harassing Anita Hill
talking making jokes about pubic hairs
on coke cans and such and this was
supposed to sink Clarence Thomas they're
trying the same thing here Republicans
should ram through Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination right now the FBI has already
declined to investigate it they
announced that yesterday they have
referred it to the White House for a
background check but that's all because
there's no further evidence that this
actually happened Cavanaugh denies the
allegations and the Democrats are gonna
have to do better than that instead
they're smearing Brett Kavanaugh with an
allegation decades old decades old going
back to when he was 17 years old when he
was a minor and we are supposed to
pretend that this is a legitimate effort
to keep what a serial rapist off the
Supreme Court that's what Democrats are
really doing here this is the dirtiest
of the dirty stuff it's just it's just
gross it's the same thing as when Harry
Reid suggested that MIT Romney had not
paid his taxes they just went out there
and said it and then it turned out the
MIT Romney had in fact paid his taxes
but Harry Reid said you know what we got
what we needed to get done done he
wasn't elected presidents of the United
States
this is gross stuff do you want to write
people think politics is a dirty
disgusting business this is why people
think politics is a dirty and disgusting
business because folks on every side of
the aisle are pretty much willing to do
anything to take down political
opponents and listen I'm on the right
eye I don't think that my side is immune
to this I don't think I'm immune to this
but I think that this is a pretty
egregious example I mean over the last
couple of weeks when we've seen cory
booker doing this routine where he is
spartacus by reviewing documents that
were already revealed or when he saw
Kamala Harris implying that Brett
Kavanaugh had been corruptly discussing
the Muller investigation with members of
president Trump's firm with no evidence
of that whatsoever when you had Sheldon
Whitehouse proclaiming that he didn't
feel subject to the law because Merrick
garland should be on the Supreme Court
and now when you have Dianne Feinstein
dumping into the public record unsourced
allegations of an alleged sexual assault
that took place 35 years ago in order to
stop Brett Kavanaugh his ascension to
the Supreme Court really really gross
stuff and that's not the only dirty
allegation being put out today by
Democrats
in an attempt to smear Republicans we'll
get to another one this one courtesy of
the New York Times in just a second but
first we're talking out a lot of dirty
stuff let's talk about keeping your
teeth clean so you really haven't spent
a lot of time thinking about how to keep
your teeth clean when you go to the
dentist's office they ask you you know
how do you brush for long enough do you
brush twice a day and then you lie and
you say you did but there's no reason
for you to lie instead what you should
be doing is checking out quip quip is an
electric toothbrush that is a fraction
of the cost of bulkier brushes while
still packing just the right amounts of
vibration to help clean your teeth quips
built-in timer helps you clean for the
dentist recommended two minutes with
guiding pulses that remind you when to
switch sides quip subscription plans are
for your health not just convenience
they deliver new brush heads on a
dentist recommended schedule every three
months for just five bucks including
free shipping worldwide quip comes with
a mount that suctions writes your mirror
on sticks to use as a cover for a
hygienic travel wherever you take your
teeth and finally everybody loves quip
they're on Oprah Zola sand in one of
Times best inventions and is there the
first subscription electric toothbrush
accepted by the American Dental
Association so it's a pretty solid
product I have it in my home it's really
great and it does work beautifully it
travels really easily as well quip
starts with just 25 bucks if you go to
get quick comm slash Shapiro right now
you'll get your first refill pack free
with a quip electric toothbrush that is
your first refill pack for free at get
quip comm slash capiro again GE tqu IP
comm slash apparel go check it out right
now get quick comm slash Shapiro and you
get that special deal so that was not
the only dirty attempt by Democrats not
just the Brett Kavanaugh think the White
House by the way has responded
immediately to this White House
spokeswoman Kerry ku Peck said
throughout his confirmation process
judge Cavanaugh has had 65 meetings with
senators including senator Feinstein
said that Feinstein set over sat through
over 30 hours of testimony addressed
over 2,000 questions in a public setting
and additional questions in a
confidential setting not until the eve
of his confirmation has senator
Feinstein or anyone raised the specter
of new information about him
Senator Schumer promised to appo judge
Cavanaugh's nomination with everything I
have it appears he is delivering this
11th hour attempt to delay the
confirmation so it just really grows up
that's not the only gross allegation
today there's a headline at The New York
Times today going after nikki Haley
who's the single most popular Republican
in the country and as I had said before
on this show my spirit animal here is
the headline from The New York Times
State Department spent
fifty two thousand seven hundred and one
dollars on curtains for Nikki Haley's
residence so this is an attempt to paint
nikki Haley as a sort of scott pruett
casually corrupt official who's spending
enormous quantities of cash pear cash in
order to of taxpayer cash in order to
pad her residence hey here's the piece
from the New York Times I'll say you
stopped me when you think you hear the
problem with this New York Times piece
the State Department spent fifty two
thousand seven hundred one dollars last
year buying customized and mechanized
curtains for the picture windows in
Nikki Haley's official residences
ambassador to the UN just as the
department was undergoing deep budget
cuts and then frozen hiring the
residents in a new building on First
Avenue has spectacular views and miss
Haley is the first ambassador to live in
it for decades her predecessors lived in
the Waldorf Astoria Hotel and after the
hotel was purchased by a Chinese
insurance company with the murky
ownership structure the State Department
decided in 2016 to find a new home for
its top New York diplomat because of
security concerns the government leased
the apartment just blocks from the
delegations offices with an option to
buy according to Patrick Kennedy the top
management official at the State
Department during the Obama
administration the full floor penthouse
with handsome hardwood floors covering
large open spaces stretching nearly six
thousand square feet was listed at fifty
eight thousand dollars per month per
month a spokesman for Miss hailey said
plans to buy the curtains were made in
2016 during the Obama administration
Miss hailey had no say in the purchase
he said so the headline is nikki Haley
is responsible for spending fifty three
grand on curtains and then buried in
paragraph four of this piece is the
actual story which is that the Obama
administration outfitted the place for
fifty eight grand on curtains because
they were fully expecting the UN
Ambassador to be a Democrat the Obama
administration was expecting the next
person to occupy that penthouse to be a
Democrat and so they decided to spend
inordinate quantities of cash on
curtains but they're trying to pin it on
nikki Haley anyway so instead it's going
to be that nikki Haley is is somehow
