the media lose their mind over a former
FBI director james comey 'he's new book
cory booker makes a complete ass of
himself and we checked the mailbag i'm
ben shapiro and this is the ben shapiro
show
[Music]
some days you get up in the morning
you're just giddy to do the show because
I mean let's be real this news cycle is
um is balls it's incredible and there's
so much to talk about from slime ball to
pee tapes to Cory Booker who apparently
is weirdly obsessed with gay sex and
it's and its various permutations so
many things to talk about in the news
but first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so right
now you're probably not getting enough
sleep one of the reasons you're not
getting enough sleep is because you are
not sleeping on a helix sleep mattress
working with the world's leading sleep
expert helix sleep developed a mattress
that is customized just your specific
height weight and sleep preferences so
you can have the best sleep of your life
at an unbeatable price so here's how it
works you go to helix sleep calm you
fill out their two minutes sleep quiz
and they will design your custom
mattress they can even customize each
side for you and a partner and in 2018
helix sleep has taken customized sleep
to the next level they have the helix
pillow butter almond pills are fully
adjustable so you can achieve perfect
comfort regardless of sleep position or
body type helix sleep has thousands of
five-star reviews plus you get a hundred
nights to try them out
if you don't like it then they'll take
it back go to helix loop comm slash Ben
right now and get up to 125 bucks toward
your mattress order that's helix sleep
comm slash Ben's he get 125 dollars
again off your mattress order helix
sleep comm slash Ben and you get that
special deal again use that slash Ben so
that they know that we sent you their
mattresses are terrific there's a reason
that I sleep better at home that I sleep
on the road one of them is that helix
sleep mattress is what's underneath me
when I am sleeping at home all right
so lot in the news obviously the media
are going absolutely apoplectic over the
new James Comey book which is supposedly
filled with bombshells
there's only one problem there are no
bombshells in former FBI director james
comey 'he's new book first of all James
called me called this thing a higher
loyalty loyalty to like the money
because if this was all stuff of vital
public import then why exactly did he
wait a year and a book contract before
coming out with it if he wants to
demonstrate that he really is not in it
for the cash that he's really in it
because he just wants to tell the truth
then he likes stormy Daniels could just
give up the money he's not gonna be
doing that anytime soon and the media I
mean they are so over the moon about
this book but they're really trying to
make mountains out of not even mole
hills I mean the stories in this book
are nothing it's all James commis whiney
opinions Chris Wallace I think said up
on Fox News he said this book is
incredibly big and it really is and if
you look at this book and you read the
segments from it it's really just nasty
and petty and stupid that's at least
what I'm getting from it because I'm not
seeing any revelations here I'm not
seeing anything that says to me wow this
is something I didn't know remember
James Comey was fired because President
Trump wanted him to clear him in the
Russia investigation publicly and James
Comey said you're not being investigated
and Trump said we'll say that publicly
and Comey said no and Trump said fine
you're fired
all right that's exactly what happened
and now we're supposed to believe that
something deep in nefarious happened
Comey went on Capitol Hill he testified
that Trump had obstructed his Russia
investigation in any way Trump just got
rid of him because Trump apparently was
unhappy with him that Comey would not
publicly say the truth which is that
Trump was not the target of the
investigation or even a subject of the
investigation at the time well here are
some of the revelations that the media
are just going nuts over and it's
wall-to-wall coverage of James Comey
book because this was a preset agenda
there's a general point here to be made
about the media that I think is relevant
for people to understand over the last
at least 15 to 20 years most of my life
in in politics and that is the media are
trying to portray it right now as though
we live in a trump centric universe and
then we live in this this universe where
everything revolves around Trump every
story has to be refracted through the
prism of Trump that's not true okay we
actually live in a heliocentric universe
but the Helios is not Trump the Helios
is the media everything is about the
media all stories are refracted through
the prism of the media Trump is
refracted through the prism of the media
Trump is a satellite orbiting the media
right the media are they are the grand
arbiters of what it is that you see and
what it is that you hear and all of the
politicians are speaking to against or
through the media and this has never
been clearer than it is with regard to
how they are treating the economy stuff
because the Comey stuff is not even a
blip
okay this book is not even a blip and
this is not me coming at it from a he's
a political hack and all this kind of
this is just like as objective as I can
be about this if there been a bombshell
in here I would been happy to report it
to you there is nothing
his Robert De Niro has Al Capone in the
Untouchables he's got nothing there
there's nothing here nothing zero things
he says let's go through some of these
supposed and revelations in here first
of all he's at an interview with George
Stephanopoulos it's supposed to air on
Sunday and here are some of the grand
revelations again this is all
petty nonsense here's Stephanopoulos
with Komi no graphic did you get I think
as graphic as I needed to be I started
tell him about the allegation was that
he had been involved with prostitutes in
a hotel in Moscow in 2013 during a visit
for the Miss Universe pageant and that
the Russians had filmed the episode and
he interrupted very defensively and
started talking about it you know do I
look like a guy who needs hookers and I
assumed he was asking that rhetorically
I didn't answer that and I just moved on
and explained sir I'm not saying that we
credit this not saying we believe it we
just thought it very important that you
know did you tell him you thought it
wasn't true or you didn't know if it was
true or not I never said I don't believe
it because I couldn't say one way or
another how weird was that breathing
really weird I was almost an out-of-body
experience for me I was floating above
myself looking down saying you're
sitting here briefing the incoming
president United States about
prostitutes in Moscow says he may want
me to investigate it to prove that it
didn't happen and then he says something
that distracted me because he said you
know if there's even a 1% chance my wife
thinks that's true that's terrible
and I and I remember thinking how could
your wife think there's a 1% chance
you're with prostitutes peeing on each
other in Moscow I'm a flawed human being
but there's literally zero chance that
my wife would think that was true so
what kind of marriage to what kind of
man is your wife think there's only a 99
percent chance you didn't do that and I
said to him sir when he started talking
about it I may order you to investigate
that I said sir that's up to you but
you'd want to be careful about that
because it might create a narrative that
were investigating you personally and
second it's very difficult to prove
something didn't happen
did you believe his denial honestly I
never thought these words would come out
of my mouth but I don't know whether the
current president knighted States was
with prostitutes peeing on each other in
Moscow in 2013 it's possible okay that
is such a this is such nonsense
stupidity okay there's no evidence
whatsoever to suggest that the Donald
Trump was having prostitutes pee on him
in Moscow honest to god if the president
wanted to the president
and have to pay anyone to pee on him
he's got the media doing it to him
full-time for free right here George
Stephanopoulos is peeing on him okay
doesn't need Russian prostitutes doing
it for him but James Comey sitting there
and going you know it's just insane that
the President of the United States would
ask me to investigate this thing and
then in the same breath like literally
in the same sentence saying I don't know
if it's true though I mean it's possible
well if it's possible then what are you
complaining about him saying he wants it
investigated to get to the bottom of it
like you think it's sort of true and
you're not the only one like Seth Meyers
goes on TV last night
and he says well clearly if Trump was
asking about it then probably Trump was
peed on by Russian prostitutes which
doesn't make any sense at all but it's
amazing the entire media that went nuts
over the P tape for literally months is
now deeply concerned that Donald Trump
wanted that investigated and himself
cleared of it because how could he how
could he do such a thing well maybe it's
because you guys kept saying P tape over
and over for weeks probably it's that I
hear Seth Meyers making a fool of
himself oh my god it's real if you knew
for a fact that P tape definitely didn't
exist that's like me saying can you make
sure there isn't a tape of me in 1994
doing Thunder Road to karaoke and then
barfing and then slipping on the barf
and farting okay this is so stupid
again if President Trump actually
thought you were guilty of this would he
want the FBI looking into it the logic
doesn't even make any sort of basic
sense but because the media are invested
in making Trump into a mockery they're
going to say P tape over and over and
over and over again until all this is
over Comey of course makes a bunch of
other allegations in the book and again
he talked the Stephanopoulos about this
here's some more of what he had to say
to George Stephanopoulos in his big
primetime interview that's coming on
Sunday whew it's earth-shattering except
for the fact that all this is really
about as Nate silver put it not a man of
the right right Nate silver says his
book shouldn't be called the higher
loyalty it should be called the higher
royalty here is a year's James Comey
talking with Stephanopoulos as an
electrons first question was to confirm
that it had no impact on the election
and then the conversation to my surprise
moved into a PR conversation about how
the Trump team would position this and
what they could say about this they
actually started talking about drafting
a press release with us still sitting
there and the reason that was so
striking to me is that that's just not
done that the intelligence community
does intelligence the White House does
PR and spin okay so are we supposed to
believe that it's like a big deal that
Trump doesn't know how government works
congratulations he doesn't know how
government works
Wow you've solved the Rubik's Cube here
you solved the riddle President Trump is
not an expert on how the government
works yep shocker to everyone I'm sure
everyone involved is just sitting around
with their draw slack to the floor what
utter nonsense and silliness by the way
Comey said that he did not brief
President Trump on the fact that this
Fusion GPS dossier was originally funded
by Democratic Hilary Club by Democrats
and Hillary Clinton he didn't reveal
that to Trump because presumably he
didn't want Trump tweeting that out that
if he had known that the dossier was
funded by the Democrats he just would
have said the dossier was funded by the
Democrats and then that would have
immediately undercut the credibility of
the dossier so he said he didn't think
it was relevant for Trump to know that
okay so it's relevant for Trump to know
about stupid allegations with no
evidence to back them about a P tape
with Russians peeing on each other and
him but it's deep but it's not important
at all for Trump to know that those
allegations were being compiled by a
firm being paid by Hillary Clinton
completely irrelevant
yeah no commis not a political actor at
all okay here are some of the other
allegations that Comey makes in the book
that are supposed to be earth-shattering
so he says that he says that he received
a call from John Kelly who's then the
head of the Department of Homeland
Security and now the White House chief
of staff and Kelly was quote-unquote
emotional over how Comey was fired Comey
writes that Kelly was sick about the
situation and intended to quit in
protest well he didn't did he
he's still around is he not he is the
White House chief of staff
so apparently who cares also I love this
a couple other bombshells apparently
Comey ridicules Trump for being shorter
than he anticipated and described Trump
is having half white the bright white
half moons beneath his eyes he also
argued that Trump's ties were too long
according to the Associated Press and
suggested the one he shook Trump's hand
he evaluated his hand size he said they
might have been a little bit small but
no real not not that much smaller than
normal
yeah that's not petty and ridiculous
that's not petty and silly no this is
deep stuff that we all have to know
about it
James Comey is a man of honor he's a man
of deep honor sure he blew the Hillary
investigation sure he botched everything
he touched since May that's basically
like January 2016 but no he's a man of
honor don't you understand he's not out
there grandstanding you know getting
million-dollar advances and then going
on national TV to talk about Trump's
hand sighs no no he is a man of deep and
abiding respect and honor for
institutions now there are a couple of
things in this book that are worth
discussing and I'll discuss them in just
a second first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at the u.s. CCA so
attention gun-owners I have a very big
announcement that you're not gonna want
to miss do you want a brand new gotten
for free well you're in luck because the
u.s. CCA is adding serious bang to your
April they are giving away a different
gun every single day to a law-abiding
citizen that's right you could win a
brand-new gun every day this week and
it's not just one gun you get up to 17
chances to win your gun daily it's only
for a limited time don't get left behind
just go to defend my family now 1.com to
reveal which gun you could take home
tomorrow defend my family now 1.com is
in 1911 or maybe that new Sig Sauer
you've had your eye on all I can say is
the today's gun is one you have to see
to believe so go to defend my family now
one calm to see it and get entered to
win it and hurry because the gun of the
day disappears at midnight don't kick
yourself tomorrow because you missed the
gun you want today go to defend my
family now one calm to get up to
seventeen chances to win a new gun every
day this week again the USC CA you
should be working with them anyway they
provide you legal protection they
provide you educational resources go to
defend my family now one calm to
register defend my family now one calm
to register and make sure that you have
17 shots at getting the gun of the day
over to defend my family now one calm
armed citizens who are law-abiding make
the country a better place and you can
be one of them go to defend my family
now one calm right now okay so other
revelations in the James Comey book
include this one this is just what a
what a self-serving a sad-sack James
Comey is my goodness okay this is a
legit quote from the book Comey writes
that Obama President Obama sat alone
with him in the Oval Office in late
November and told him quote I picked you
to be FBI director because of your
integrity and your ability I want you to
know that nothing buffett has happened
in the last year to change my view on
the verge of tears Comey told Obama boy
were those words I needed to hear I'm
just trying to do the right thing I know
Obama said I know oh my
God really really seeing that Ohama said
that I'm a good guy he said I'm a good
guy I was I'm I almost cried when he
said I was a good guy yeah okay
other things that are hilarious in this
book so apparently Comey says in the
book that he would that when he revealed
late in the election right ten days
before the election that Hillary Clinton
they were reopening the email
investigation because Hillary's emails
were found on the computer of the of the
accused child pornographer Anthony
Weiner that when that happened Comey
considered the polling data or he might
have considered the polling data you
thought Hillary was so far ahead it
won't matter if I reveal this stuff now
but if you had thought that the election
really close maybe would have held until
after the election yeah that this is
really a guy who's just full-on credible
I have to say he was playing one of the
great scams I have ever seen I mean this
is a usual suspect level scam hey this
is this is a the sting level scam it's
an amazing scam how good is this scam
James Comey may have cost Hillary
Clinton the election hey James Comey and
his late breaking news in the election
might have cost Hillary Clinton the
presidency and now the only people who
love him are the people who voted for
Hillary Clinton that is an unbelievable
scam I mean boy oh boy if I could have
thought of that one cost Hillary the
election and then turn on Trump and get
all of the people who hated you to buy
your book and declare you the most
honest man in politics what a beautiful
scam that is so apparently he also said
in the book that as a prosecutor he used
to tell juries trying to evaluate a
witness that you can't cherry-pick you
can't say things like he's saying that's
about Trump I like these things he said
but on this he's a dirty rotten liar you
got to take it all together so you got a
rap Trump up into a ball and then take
it all at face value okay then why
didn't you that with Hillary Clinton why
did you pick and choose which facts you
were to go over about Hillary Clinton
why is that a thing
by the way there is a serious question
as to whether James Comey has violated
his FBI review rules right he's actually
f but there are prohibited disclosures
by the FBI FBI employees shall not
disclose information that relates to the
substantive merits of any ongoing or
open investigation or case so all of the
said James Comey may still be in
violation of law so we'll have to see
how all of that shakes out well
President Trump has now responded to
James Comey and it is indeed hilarious
so here's President Trump's response he
tweeted out a couple of things about
James Comey and
if you just think that America you know
somehow we ended up in the alternative
reality where Biff actually used the
sports book to bet on games and then
