I mean you look at a movie now based at
list if it was 18 producers that's not
out of the ordinary I've been in the
business 50 years I have no idea what a
producer does so here we are on the
Sunday special with David Mamet
America's greatest living playwright and
screenwriter and the author of a
brand-new book called Chicago we'll get
right into it with mr. Mamet and just
one second first let's talk about your
impending death so you're gonna die soon
we all know it you know it hopefully not
that soon but soon enough that you
probably want life insurance 71% of
people say they need life insurance only
59% to actually have coverage which
means 12% of you are procrastinating
another 29% of you are idiots for
thinking you don't need life insurance
because you do normally procrastinating
is a bad thing but if you have been
avoiding getting life insurance
procrastinating may actually be working
in your favor because while you are
getting life insurance or not getting a
life insurance policy genius was making
it easy policy genius is the only way
and the easy way to compare the life
insurance online you can compare quotes
in just five minutes when it's that easy
putting it off becomes a lot harder you
can compare quotes while sitting on the
couch watching TV you can compare quotes
while listening to this podcast try it
policy genius has helped over 4 million
people shop for insurance placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just do life insurance they also
do disability insurance and renter's
insurance and health insurance so if you
care about any of that they can cover it
if you need life insurance we've been
putting it off because it's too
confusing or you don't have the time
checkout policy genius it's the easy way
to compare top insurers find the best
value for you no sales pressure zero
hassle and it's free policy genius com
go check it out right now ok David Mamet
thanks so much for stopping by really
appreciate it you're welcome so for
folks who don't know David's mom David
Mamet's work because they've been hiding
under a rock for the last Oh 40 years of
American screenwriting and playwriting
David Mamet is America's foremost living
American playwright and screenwriter
he's the if you ever seen the
untouchables he's the guy who did it
have you ever seen Glengarry Glen Ross
he's the guy who did it and he has a
brand new book out called Chicago which
is a gangster novel and it really is
fantastic you're gonna want to check it
out so David let's start from the very
beginning how did you get into
playwriting screen right how did you get
into writing from the very start well I
was a nerdy weld kid and you know I used
to teach a lot of colleges and they'd
say
want to have a special group of kids who
just want to talk to you so how would
you like us to pick them so I'd always
say well just give me the NER duels
because that the only people ever going
to amount to anything
but the college was never capable of
doing that because of course they're set
up to put the imprimatur on people who
can tell him on Wednesday what it was a
teacher stole him on Monday but I was a
class clown I never opened a school book
and people used to tell me nobody likes
a smartass
but that was the first encounter with
the authority where I knew they're just
dead wrong
right and they're making a difference if
nobody liked the smartass at all because
I was the only choice I had so that's
how I started on okay and so where did
you grow up I mean how did you what were
your parents like I grew up on the south
side of Chicago and my parents were
first-generation Americans their
grandparents are still alive they were
all Ashkenazi immigrants they all spoke
with a wonderful thick accent and I
guess you don't hear anymore and my
grandmother raised my dad as a single
mom didn't speak very very good English
and they were just marvelous people so
my mom and dad grew up they courted
during World War Two they got married
right afterward and my dad bought a
house in st. called Park Forest Illinois
which was the first plan the community
was before Levittown and it was houses
half the size of this the studio over
there and so then we moved to the south
side and I grew up on the south side of
Chicago okay and where did you go to
college and and when did you actually
start the writing was it in high school
when you were being a class clown or how
did that get started well I started
writing in high school and I actually
covered sports for the Park Forest star
they paid me like 4 bucks to cover the
high school sports I run for them and
then I wrote for my other high school
literary magazine and I went to college
and it was a hippie dippie school called
Goddard College in the middle of Vermont
and there was no school there I mean
there was literally no school there
because all the kids of the baby boom
generation were trying to go to college
and trying to stay out of Vietnam and
the school expanded so rapidly that
there were no dormitories and there are
no classrooms so they housed us in
northern Vermont in these little cabins
tourist cabins literally we
found any heat and we had to hitchhike
everyday eight miles to this abandoned
town hall where there were no classes so
that was that was interesting okay and
he started writing there and you were
writing your own plays or or well yeah
you know what is a kid in Chicago I was
connected with second city which was the
first improvisational theatre group
after the compass compass was Elaine May
Shelley Berman and Mike Nichols then it
became second city and so as a teenager
13 14 15 years old I worked there as a
piano player for the kid shows and I
worked as a busboy and so I used to
watch these great comics every night
doing sets right one after the other and
everything was a seven-minute blackout
and then I started reading plays and I
read that the people that really most
influenced me were check off and the
Pinter because I realized what Pinter
and check off were doing was exactly the
same thing they're doing at Second City
they were saying life is a serial comic
sketch and I'm gonna be able to reduce
life to seven-minute scenes which is
basically the lanten length of any scene
and Missy if I can make you laugh and
cry because of the ineffable wackiness
of existence so I discovered this and
said I know how to do that right it's
just like second city it's a blackout
sketch so I started writing sketches
then I wrote sketches while I was at
college and one thing led to another
well one of the things you're obviously
very well known for is the the
hard-nosed nature of your writing the
fact that everything you write has a
real edge to it that's not a pun about
movie wrote called the edge but it
actually is true that when you read your
writing it's very edgy stuff
where'd that hard-nosed sensibility come
from well I mean not everything I not
not everything I write is in the is in
the diana dilation vein i manifested in
the whole bunch of Apollonian
but um I guess I say I grew up in a
South Side and I my dad did very well of
eventually and it was an as a lawyer
we were staunch middle-class family and
I was a nice Jewish boy
but then I never any money I got out of
college so I started working at
everything in the world so to support
myself so I got a chance to hang out to
be part of the of the
working-class life of Chicago and and
you've written a lot about Chicago
obviously that's that's your new book is
about Chicago but it's a period piece I
mean this is obviously written about the
Prohibition era in Chicago with all the
gangsters it's sort of going over some
of the same period time as as
Untouchables what about that time did
you find so attractive writing about it
obviously we revisited it well then you
grew up in Chicago at least a big old
days you know 50 60 years ago the the
ethos of the Chicago was came out of the
gangster era and everybody talked about
the gangsters everybody knew somebody
you knew got Al Capone everybody had an
uncle who was maybe a little bit bent
that maybe your dad or mom had been a
little bit bent and Chicago was a
machine town right which is things got
fixed after you went up and saw the
captain as we used to say and if you
didn't go up and step up and see the
captain and turn out the vote or kick
back two weeks of your salary which
happen to my stepsister she got a job
working on the Illinois toll road and
she came back one day they want me to
kick back two weeks of my salary and
everyone said yeah so she's like
somebody said who wants to live in a
tunnel you can't fix a parking ticket
you know it did Chicago work yeah you
know if you were white guys Chicago work
pretty well now it doesn't work at all I
mean it works better if you're a white
guy than if you're getting killed on the
south side but it was a working man's
town it was a machine town and become
clear that if you want the government to
do something for you you got to do
something for them so that was the
Chicago Way yeah and then that's that's
something even I knew about my parents
are both from Chicago and it was when my
dad was growing up there he said was
still the kind of place where you could
wrap a $20 bill around your around your
ID when we were pulled over for a
traffic stop and you might be able to
get away with it oh yeah definitely I
mean we were getting it I used to play
as a cab driver getting harassed by the
cops all the time I sure that that's
that's completely changed so so let's
talk a little bit about your political
point of view because of late you've
been in some political controversies in
the last few years
you're obviously incredibly well known
for your writing and that means that a
lot of people who are on the Left a lot
of critics who tend to be on the
political left
we're very complementary if you work for
years and years and years do you find
that since you've become more overtly
conservative politically that that's had
any impact on how the critic street
worker they've been fair
all the critics are never fair I mean
that's what critics are you know I'm
working my side of the street that work
in theirs
and if you're a writer it's a perfect
example of free market right
I could spend one I might spend that
afternoon writing an act or 15 years
writing a play you don't even care right
all they know is the price of the ticket
right they might say I like her they
don't like it I don't have the right to
ask them why right so it if they don't
like it that's 15 years down the drain
especially in the theater it opens in
New York they don't like it you did
so interjected into this as all human
endeavors are hangers-on and parasites
and camp followers which is what critics
have traditionally been they've been you
know some good willed people I was the
beneficiary of a lot of goodwill and for
example from Roger Ebert and also from
Richard Kristensen Chicago's Belly News
and The Tribune but most critics are
they say what do you need to do to be
able to write dramatic criticism you
need to have a lack of talent to my
sports so that's true so some people who
do they get cross decked over the right
dramatic criticism and generally they've
been the bane of my existence I mean III
get it
all right there's always accidents at a
picnic sometimes they come down on my
favorite sometimes they came down the
other side but trying to be a good Jew I
say wait a second you know if I'm gonna
crash when they when they toss my work
unto the ash heap I shouldn't read the
the other reviews which I know through
my sixth bad sense are good generally
the the you can't survive in the United
States as a playwright until you please
the people in New York and since a
political conversion the press in New
York is especially the New York Times
has been vicious about and a as a
peremptory challenge in effect and in
effect I wrote this book which is
everybody's best seller list and the
question is harder the New York Times to
review it and the answer is that they
didn't they just chose not to okay so
as they used to say in the 19th century
the doctors used to say we have to wait
and let the disease declare itself so as
we've seen now in our country
politically the disease has declared
itself because this talk about your
politics were you always politically
conservative did you sort of find
yourself on the political right how did
you end up identified as somebody who is
politically conservative Republican if
you're comfortable with that label and
where do you find it what is your
political life well you know seriously I
think of a complete conservative in a
strict constitutionalist but when you
say the Republican my blood runs cold
because everybody I ever knew and
everybody who they ever knew was a
Roosevelt Democrat right under guide the
Republicans with the guys were you know
with the with the white plastic belts of
playing golf that you know at the
Country Club but I wrote a political
play and wasn't a political play was a
farce it was called November and it's
about a president who's about to get
kicked out of office because his what he
called approval ratings as he says
they're lower than Gandhi's cholesterol
okay he's about to get kicked out of
office and so he has this plan where
he's gonna it's both young elections
coming up and Thanksgivings coming up so
he's gonna pardon all the turkeys and
hold up the turkey I saw is a really
funny play so the New York Times back in
those days they were still speaking to
me oh by the way NPR decided I was a
non-person to about ten years ago but
Scott Simon just recently came came back
and said you know come on do my show
said it was very nice of him so they're
doing my play November on Broadway's
hysterically funny so they asked me to
write a piece for the New York Times
because back in the days when I was a
pre non person that's what they did if
you were so I wrote a play a piece for
your that's called political civility
based very much on the teachings of my
great friend and a great teacher rabbi
mordechai Finley and he said okay we
certainly peace we have to be civil to
each other I said we have to be able to
state the other person's point of view
in such a way they say yes that's what I
mean and then they asked me and after
and they and I have to be able to stay
at their point if you may say is what I
mean and
we're gonna reduce facts upon which we
can agree you said we can't agree on the
term off the table all we're gonna have
the table is facts upon which we agree
and then we'll reason from those facts
and if I come let us reason together to
see if we can arrive at some mutual
understanding so I wrote this a thing
about political civility and I said I
find it's also important to be civil to
myself because all my life have referred
to myself as a brain-dead liberal I said
you know there's a lot of truth in jokes
so I I said I have to stop and say wait
a second
why are you maligning yourself is is
this a platform of something which you
believe or not you know isn't this great
middle-of-the-road peace blah blah blah
new york times you know as we say we we
can deal with the christians god help us
with the german jews right so i wrote
the piece for a weason was for The
Village Voice we're ready for the The
Village Voice meanwhile New York Times
come out and give it play a terrible
review so the Village Voice takes this
piece I called political civility and
they retitle it why I am no longer a
brain-dead liberal for a front page okay
kaboom New York Times comes back and re
reviews the play November gives a worst
review and I find myself I find myself
out in the cold and I said well ok I got
to figure this out so I sat down for a
couple years and I wrote a book called
of the secret knowledge about politics
and did a whole lot of reading a whole
lot of thinking trying to reason my way
through to an understanding of the
political process which hurt like hell
because I had to recognize that what I
had accepted is the way things are were
simply prejudices and examined them to
see if I could hope to see if there was
any truth in them or not so I wrote that
book and I found that my friends turned
into acquaintances and you know my
cranes across the street and Ruth Weiss
said something great about the great
Ruth Weiss somebody at Harvard said you
know dr. Weiss what will I do if I tell
people what I really
think what will happen to me and root
said you'll be free so we'll talk about
that in just one second first let's talk
about your freedom from internet
intrusion with all the recent news about
online security breaches it's hard not
to worry about where my data goes making
an online purchase simply accessing your
email could put your private information
at risk you are being tracked online by
social media sites and marketing
companies your mobile or internet
provider not only can they record your
browsing history they often sell it to
other corporations who want a profit
from your information which is why I've
decided to take back my privacy by using
expressvpn expressvpn has easy to use
apps that run seamlessly in the
background of my computer phone and
tablet turning on expressvpn protection
only takes one click so here's how it
works
expressvpn secures and anonymizes your
internet browsing by encrypting your
data hiding that public IP address and
you can protect yourself with expressvpn
for less than seven bucks a month
yes expressvpn is rated the number one
VPN service by TechRadar it comes with a
30-day money-back guarantee so if you
ever use public Wi-Fi you want to keep
hackers and spies from seeing that data
expressvpn is the solution and if you
don't want to hand over your online
history to your internet provider or
data resellers
that's what expressvpn is there to do
protect your online activity today find
out how you can get three months for
free and expressvpn comm slash Ben
that's expr ESS VPN comm slash been for
three months free with the one-year
package is it expressive VPN calm slash
Ben to learn more okay so in the secret
knowledge what what did you actually
discover when you delved into the
political system and and you say that
you learned some things that you hadn't
thought about before what exactly were
those things that hadn't occurred to you
well nothing had occurred to me because
there was a red diaper baby and grew up
in the bubble you know it was great to
hate all the Republicans and great to be
a peacenik and great at all these things
what I went back on what I understood I
think was the the the biblical
underpinnings of the Declaration on the
Constitution which basically goes back
to the Torah on one foot right if it's
hateful to you don't do it to your
neighbor that's it
so I said the reason why way back to the
bare metal if you would and what I came
up with was that the Constitution is a
