Justice Anthony Kennedy steps down and
the world goes insane i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
[Music]
today's show is now in order I'm not
saying that I have inside information on
who the president's going to pick or
anything like that I'm not saying
anything like that I'll give you all the
updates on the news and we'll go through
what this means the Justice Anthony
Kennedy who as I have said many times on
this program made up his mind on how to
vote based on whether he had his
Metamucil that morning he's gonna step
down I'll explain everything that means
in just a second first don't remind you
that we have a special livestream this
coming Monday July 2nd 7:00 p.m. Eastern
will be joined by special guest Jordan
Peterson to celebrate Independence Day
God King Jeremy boring will host a new
edition of daily we're backstage with me
Andrew Clavin and Michael Mills to look
back on our country's birth and look
ahead to its future with the world's
most prominent Canadian subscribers
we'll even be able to write in live
questions for us to answer on the air
again that is Monday July 2nd 7:00 p.m.
Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with Jordan
Peterson you can find our special live
stream on Facebook and YouTube so don't
miss it and if you haven't heard this
already I will be taking the Ben Shapiro
show live to audiences in Dallas in
Phoenix this August you'll be able to
see me in person and join an audience
Q&A tickets are going fast visit daily
wired.com slash events to get in those
last ticket orders right now daily
wire.com slash events to get your
additional seats and info already so
Before we jump in first let's talk about
life insurance now normally if you're
sitting on the Supreme Court you stay
there until you die Anthony Kennedy
however did not but we all at some point
will pass and when we do it will be a
good idea for us to have had life
insurance because 71 percent of people
say they need life insurance the real
answer is 100 percent of people if you
have family if you have people who you'd
like to benefit if you die the policy
genius is the place to go because it's
the easy way to compare life insurance
online you can compare quotes in just
five minutes when it is that easy
putting it off becomes a lot harder you
can compare quotes while sitting on the
couch watching TV or while listening to
this podcast so go check it out policy
genius com they don't just make life
insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and renter's insurance and health
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it so if you need life insurance
but you've been putting it off check out
policy genius that's policy genius calm
there's no sales pressure there's zero
hassle and it is free again there's no
reason for you not to have life
insurance the fact is that if something
should happen to you and you leave your
family without any sort of financial
recourse that is your own fault and
there's no excuse for it check out
policy genius.com when it's this easy to
compare life insurance no reason to put
it off policy genius
calm okay so yesterday after we finished
this podcast Anthony Kennedy stepped
down and blew up the world so I was not
expecting Justice Anthony Kennedy to
step down from his position on the
Supreme Court and the fact is that I
think most people were hit by a truck
over this way most people in the Trump
administration were very surprised by
this and maybe President Trump was not
because maybe be having discussions with
Justice Kennedy but there are a lot of
people who are very surprised by Justice
Kennedy stepping down specifically
because most of his legacy is going to
be the gay rights stuff right he was the
lead writer in in obergefell which was
the case that suggested that same-sex
marriage had to be the law of land he
was socially liberal on issues like
abortion but he stepped down while Trump
was president and there was a Republican
Congress and that cut against a lot of
the conventional wisdom I for example
thought that he was going to stick it
out until there was a Democrat who was
presidents that his legacy would be
maintained but instead he decided to
step down the reason I think he decided
to step down besides the fact that he's
81 years old is because I think that he
looked at the spate of rulings that the
Supreme Court has issued over the last
three weeks and what he saw was that
there are four votes to overturn a lot
of First Amendment protections there
been three major cases in the last
couple of weeks in which five to four
the Supreme Court had decided in favor
of free speech but if he were to be
replaced by somebody from the left then
the left would immediately curtail the
right to free speech so for example
there was a case that I discussed at
length yesterday on the podcast this
case in which the Supreme Court decided
that you could not be forced to pay into
a union for which you did not vote and
Anthony Kennedy was on the majority side
of that opinion he said that that was
violation of the First Amendment well
there are four votes to say that the
government can force you to pay money to
an association like the Union that you
don't want to pay into right Anthony
Kennedy probably looked at that he said
I'm not sure that I want to leave one of
Democrats in office because then
there'll be five votes in favor of the
proposition that the government can
force you to pay money to an association
that you don't like and then there was a
case that came down in the last couple
of weeks in which for example it said
that mastered the masterpiece cake shop
case where it said that if you are a
religious Baker you do not have to bake
a cake for a same-sex wedding but only
this was decided on narrow grounds only
because the regulation in question was
badly promulgated by the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission there are four votes
in that case to basically suggest that
any
Baker in the country can be forced at
point of government gun to cater a
same-sex wedding and Anthony Kennedy
even though he's a gay rights advocate
might not be the kind of guy who wants
the government to force people to do
what they don't want to do at point of
gun until you figured okay if I stepped
down with a Democrat as president then
there will be five votes for the
proposition that the government can
force any religious person in the
country to violate his or her
prescriptions when it comes to business
so I think Anthony Kennedy looked at the
radical left of the court he said I
don't want my legacy to be the radical
left of the court
I'd rather rather than my legacy be the
gay rights legacy my guess is that he
wants to Chief Justice Roberts and he
got a guarantee from him that Roberts
would become the new swing vote if
same-sex marriage were to come back up
for reconsideration and Roberts will
work to to tamp that down that the
same-sex marriage stuff will stay
enshrined in law and his legacy will be
enshrined and he'll be fine and he will
be able to step down from the court and
be replaced by somebody who is more in
line with his thinking on First
Amendment issues now all of that is
speculation but that is my strong
inclination is that that's what happened
here in any case the Kennedy steps down
and that of course opens up a slot on
the Supreme Court and a swing vote on
the Supreme Court because Kennedy has
been the swing vote Kennedy has been the
guy who makes the decisions in these
five four cases he's been the most
powerful guy in the country for a long
time and that is a testament to the fact
that the Supreme Court has become far
too powerful in American life you saw an
enormous amount of gnashing of teeth and
wailing and rending of garments from the
left and tremendous excitement from the
right at the fact that this seat is now
open on the Supreme Court and Trump is
going to get to fill it and the reason
for that is that the Supreme Court has
become entirely too powerful in the
structure of American government if you
go back and you look at the Federalist
Papers we go through them every week
here on the bench Shapiro show when you
go back and you look through the
Federalist Papers what you see is that
they thought that the judiciary was
going to be a relatively powerless arm
of the government that its job was
basically going to be to sit there and
say this is constitutional and this is
not but not on the grounds they don't
like a piece of legislation in fact the
Federal Constitution didn't even apply
to the States
so the federal courts and the Supreme
Court in particular we're supposed to be
relatively toothless now the Supreme
Court gets to decide whether everyone in
the country is able to obtain an
abortion there is able to kill babies
the Supreme Court gets to decide whether
anyone in the country is able to get
married to anybody else the Supreme
Court has entirely too much power and
that is reflected in all of the focus on
the Supreme Court that's because the
left has taken the Supreme Court and
used
as a tool in order to promulgate its
agenda the left sees the Supreme Court
as its chief tool in pushing legislation
to get camp it can't get passed through
popular means the reality is the left
was pushing same-sex marriage for
example for years and years and they
weren't getting anyplace with regard to
federal legislation so they went to the
courts and the courts gave them what
they wanted and the same thing was true
on abortion well because you rely on the
courts when the courts flipped to the
other side there's now a lot of power in
in the in the hands of the right we'll
talk about what that means and what the
courts should be doing in just one
second first I want to point out that
you know some of us have been dreaming
of being on the Supreme Court our entire
lives so mr. president if you're
listening to this I would just remind
you that when 12 year-old Ben Shapiro
was playing at the Israeli bons banquet
in 1996 Larry King talked specifically
about the dreams of that young man hero
is 12 years old he'll be accompanied by
his father David he began training in a
violin at age 5 in addition to the vile
any place chess loves baseball completes
in track and field his goal is to become
the first Orthodox rabbi to sit on the
Supreme Court meaning of court court
we'll have to close at 3 o'clock on
Friday so I'm not saying that it's
something that I would I would take
something see job that were offered to
me I would take I'm not saying that both
an Coulter and David Limbaugh said in
2005 when I was still at Harvard Law
School I should be on the Supreme Court
I'm not saying that I'm 34 years old and
I'd be on the Supreme Court for the next
60 years mr. president but if you chose
to make that pick would I turn it down I
don't know I don't know I mean it's not
like I'm I don't know I'm not that
enthusiastic about it I mean but but
okay in any case in any case Mitch
McConnell says that the vote is going to
come this fall that this fall there will
be a vote on president Trump's
replacement justice and you can you can
just see the Glee on rich on cocaine
Mitch's face so Mitch McConnell is
snorted a full line and then he went
into Capitol Hill and this is what Mitch
McConnell sounds like when he's very
very excited about something the Senate
stands ready to fulfill its
constitutional role by offering advice
and consent on president Trump's
nominate to fill this vacancy we will
vote to confirm Justice Kennedy
successor this fall okay that is amped
up Mitch McConnell right there that is
Mitch McConnell on an 11 on a skeleton
he's got that spinal tap
yeah that spinal tap volume turned all
the way to the top and look Mitch
McConnell deserves a lot of credit for
this because it was Mitch McConnell who
said I am NOT going to move forward on
the nomination of Merrick garland and he
stood strong in the face of a lot of
press attacks and it's Mitch McConnell
who is largely responsible for the fact
that there will be two picks for the
President of the United States President
Trump says he is going to pick from the
current list which makes a lot of sense
he has a list of 25 possibilities there
are top five that I'm going to explain
in just a few minutes here I'm going to
go through the people who are being
looked at with the most scrutiny
according to Fred Barnes over the Weekly
Standard will talk about how a justice
should be selected but here as President
Trump saying that he's gonna pick from
the current list unfortunately there are
those of us who are not on the list
but president Trump says that he will
pick from the list that he's got already
have to replace himself obviously we
have a list of and president Trump also
said last night at a big rally last
night and he said that he was honored
that Kennedy chose to step down on his
watch that he chose to do it during my
term in office because he felt confident
in me to make the right choice and carry
on his great legacy that's why he did
one of the things that's amazing about
President Trump you really have to you
have to admire the man has the devil's
luck I mean there's just no question
that he has incredible luck now that
doesn't mean he doesn't have skill I
mean the president is very skilled at a
good many things but he's also damn
lucky I mean the fact is that George W
Bush in his entire eight-year term in
office got to replace two justices
President Obama and his entire
eight-year term in office got to replace
two justices neither of them swing
justices President Trump gets to replace
two justices in the first year and a
half of his term whereas an amazing
amazing thing and one of those is
Justice Kennedy who's a swing justice
now President Trump was lucky enough to
have Jeb Bush to beat up out on the
primaries and then get two billion
dollars of free media coverage he was
lucky enough to run against the worst
candidate in American history who was
under full FBI investigation and a week
before the election it was revealed that
she was under renewed FBI investigation
President Trump was lucky enough to be
there when Kim jong-un accid
we blew up his own nuclear mountain and
now he is lucky enough to be there when
Justice Anthony Kennedy steps down so
you know lefty Gomez famous New York
Yankees pitcher once said it's better to
be lucky than good it's better to be
both lucky and good president Trump is
definitely lucky and he certainly has
the opportunity to be quite good here
now
how should justices be selected right
how should we determine which justices
should be selected because the fact is
Republicans have blown opportunity after
opportunity on the Supreme Court I may
be the only conservative in America who
came out against the nomination of Judge
Roberts for Chief Justice Roberts
way back when way back in 2005 when when
Bush nominated Roberts I opposed Roberts
because I said the man did not have a
long track record of textualism and
originalism and he wasn't on record
supporting strong textualist positions
when it came to controversial cases and
anybody who is not openly conservative
and I don't mean conservative in the
sense that they're politically concerned
but anybody who's not textualist or
originalist which I'll explain in just a
second those people tend to move to the
center relatively quickly and I'll
explain why that matters in just second
first I want to talk a little bit about
zip recruiter so your business needs to
get better right you need to recruit a
new justice to the Supreme Court so
where do you look well you could rely on
your friends you can rely on people that
you know to recommend somebody for a job
or you could actually canvass the entire
country for the best candidates and
that's why you need sip recruiters sip
recruiter learns what you're looking for
identifies people with the right
experience and then invites them to
apply to your job 80% of employers who
post a job on zipper career get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day and zip recruiter doesn't
stop there
they even spotlight the strongest
applications you receive so you never
actually miss a great match the right
candidates are out there and zip
recruiters how you find them businesses
of all sizes trust the prakruti for
their hiring needs is why we use zipper
corridor here at the Daily wire right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free so go to zip recruiters comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiters
comm slash daily wire you can try it out
for free zip recruiter comm slash daily
wire again there's a reason that we use
it here at the office and there's no
reason for you to waste a lot of time
sifting through a bunch of bad resumes
when you can have zip recruiter
basically do it for you
zip recruiter knew there was a smarter
way they built a platform that finds the
right job candidates for you go check
them out right now zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire they are the smartest
way to hire again zip recruit comm and
when use that slash daily where you can
try zip recruiter for free ok so when it
comes to
election of Justices here's what you
need you need an open and obvious
commitment to originalism in textualism
originalism and textualism are the basic
notion that when you read a text when
you read the Constitution of the United
States you are not reading poetry it is
not a living document where you get to
reinterpret the provisions as you see
fit that day that's not what the
Constitution was for and you wouldn't
interpret any other piece of legislation
that way you wouldn't take the Sherman
Antitrust Act in 1907 and take that take
that piece of legislation and then say
you know what I think the Sherman
Antitrust Act means that gay marriage is
now legal because the document evolves
okay that's not how documents work the
whole point of writing something down in
a document the whole point of
legislation is that it is a piece of law
promulgated at a particular time with a
particular meaning in a particular place
and if you want to change that meaning
and you can always pass it another piece
of legislation you can have a
constitutional amendment for example
this is why the Constitution has so many
amendments because it needs to be
changed in many ways the fact is that
the Constitution of the United States
does not explicitly prohibit for example
women from voting but the Supreme Court
didn't just go back and reinterpret the
Constitution and say the Constitution
now means women can vote there's a
constitutional amendment that had to be
passed in order so that women could vote
because that's how legislation works the
way legislation works is that it is the
legislature that should be doing the
legislating it is the job of judges to
look at the text see what it means not
what they wish it meant now what they
hope it meant not what they would like
it to mean but what it actually meant at
the time that it was written and then
they implement that text and again if
