president Trump gears up for his Supreme
Court pick Democrats panic and Jim
Jordan finds himself under the gun I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh I had such a nice relaxing weekend it
was my 10th anniversary with my wife and
she's made me a better person I know
that's almost impossible to believe that
I used to be a worse person than I am
now considering how terrible I am as a
human being now but it's true I used to
be even worse and then she made me a
better person so it was a really nice
weekend got suspended with my kids and
then we come back and today is the
glorious day president Trump about to
pick a successor to Justice Anthony
Kennedy on the Supreme Court we're gonna
get into all of that first I want to
remind you our next episode of the
conversation is almost here Tuesday July
17 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific
all of your questions will be answered
by our own Andrew Clavin with our hosts
Alicia Kraus our live Q&A will be
available on YouTube and Facebook for
everyone to watch only daily wire
subscribers can ask drew questions in
real time if you want to submit your
questions you log into daily wire.com
you head over to the conversation page
and that's where you watch the live
stream and then you type your question
into the daily wear chat box and you can
have it read and answered on the air so
go check it out again subscribe ask drew
live questions Tuesday July 17 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 202 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation and get your questions
answered by a guy who looks like
Professor X but doesn't actually have
telekinetic abilities already so we also
want to remind you that you ought to
shop with stamps.com so here is the
reality these days you can get
essentially everything you could
possibly want on demand but you're still
heading down to the post office now you
may love the post office post office may
be a great place but you know it's more
convenient than heading down to the post
office it is being in your office and
just printing out the postage directly
on to a sticker or directly on to an
envelope or directly on to a piece of
paper and then taping it to an envelope
because then you don't have to get in
your car and then you'd have to go down
to the post office
well stamps comm allows you to do all
this stuff you can access all the
amazing services of the post office
right from your desk 24/7 when it is
convenient for you you buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package using your own computer and
printer the mail carrier picks it right
up just click print mail you're done it
couldn't be any easier we use it here at
the Daily wire offices I use it at my
house as well and right now you can use
Shapiro for a special offer
this is the promo code okay it includes
up to 55 bucks of free postage a digital
scale and a four week trial
don't wait go to stamps calm and before
you do anything else click on the radio
microphone at the top of the home page
type in promo code Shapiro that stamps
comm promo codes appear for that special
deal 55 bucks free postage digital scale
four week trial and you never have to go
to the post office again
no matter how much love the post-office
easier to sit at your desk go to stamps
calm and use that promo code Shapiro at
the top of the homepage for that special
deal and to let them know that we sang
alrighty so today's the day guys
President Trump is gonna make his big
pick tonight 9:00 p.m. Eastern who gets
the Rose who gets to go to the honeymoon
suite with President Trump uh you have
to love how President Trump trots this
stuff out I do love this sort of
showmanship from President Trump I
enjoyed it when he did it with with
Justice Gorsuch I'm enjoying it even
more this time because the wails and
gnashing of teeth that can be heard in
the background are just glorious to
behold we'll get into some of those
wails and gnashing of teeth in just a
second president Trump tweeted out
looking forward to announcing my final
decision and the US Supreme Court
justice at 9:00 p.m. Eastern tomorrow
night at the White House an exceptional
person will be chosen and the best part
of this is obviously the bathing suit
competition that's that's the part I'm
looking forward to the most
although I have to say that I don't
think that the people he's considering
among our made chart high on that aspect
but here are basically he's down
according to every one to four picks
okay and I'm gonna go through sort of
the criticisms that the major flaws in
the four picks cuz we can assume that
virtually any of these people are going
to be better than Justice Anthony
Kennedy although one of them I have my
serious doubts about so there are four
people that he is down to at this point
one is the the sort of frontrunner the
longtime frontrunner which suggests that
he's not gonna win right because in
every reality TV show there's the guy
who you think is gonna win and there's
the guy who's actually going to win and
they edit in the back room to make it
look like the guy who is going to who
actually loses as the guy who's about to
win so that guy is DC Circuit Court of
Appeals judge Brett Kavanaugh he's the
guy who all along we've been saying he's
the one who's gonna win
he's the one who's being pushed hardest
by Leonard Leo over at the Federalist
Society he's one has been pushed hardest
by team Bush he's a longtime bush lawyer
he was he was involved in the DOJ during
the Ken Starr hearings in in 1999-2000
they very close with a lot of members of
the bush team he was very instrumental
in pushing Chief Justice Roberts to the
Supreme Court which i think is a demerit
for him and then there's Third Circuit
Court of Appeals judge Thomas Hartman
he's one who's friends with Trump sister
said Trump knows a little bit then their
7th Circuit Court of Appeals judge Amy
Coney Barrett and then their Sixth
Circuit Court of Appeals judge Raymond
Catholic so let's go through the crits
the criticisms of each one of these
people so that you know who's the best
and who's the worst now I will give you
my preliminary ranking of these people
if I had to pick from these
for I would pick Barrett first and then
Catholic and then Cavanaugh
and then finally Hardman I think Hardman
is by far the weakest I think the
Cavanaugh is the second weakest of a not
supremely weak I think that Catholic is
pretty good and I think Barrett should
be pretty stellar so what are their
major flaws one of the major critiques
of these four candidates so let's start
with Brett Kavanaugh who's the purported
frontrunner so Kavanaugh again has a
heavy base of support among Bush
staffers because he's been sort of he
was a Republican operative for a long
time before he became this this a very
brilliant judge on the DC Circuit Court
of Appeals
so his critics essentially make
essentially make three claims joined by
maybe a fourth so first they argue that
in a case called 7:00 sky he went out of
his way to avoid jurisdiction over
Obamacare so Obamacare was was sued the
federal government was sued over
Obamacare the case was that Obamacare
was unconstitutional and and Cavanaugh
looked at that case and what he said is
I don't have jurisdiction to decide this
case because this case is adjudicated
under something called the
anti-injunction Act the anti-injunction
Act holds that attacks cannot actually
be adjudicated by the DC Circuit Court
of Appeals so what he said is that
Obamacare was not a fine that when the
government threatened to find you've
hidden by Obamacare that was not a fine
does attacks he was the first person to
actually articulate that position and
that position ended up being used by
Chief Justice John Roberts and of course
his famously awful decision in which he
suggested that Obamacare was
constitutional that Congress could
create attacks but they couldn't create
a specific fine forcing you to buy
things so that is case number one so
Cavanaugh's defenders will say that this
is an example of Kavanagh using judicial
restraints now judicial restraint is a
term that's very often used by people
who don't know what they are talking
about when it comes to when it comes to
the law so there are a lot of folks who
will use two terms judicial activism and
judicial restraint and they will
contrast these two things a judicial
activist is a person who muddies the
waters by getting involved the judge who
gets involved in overrules lots of stuff
and somebody who exercises judicial
restraint is a judge who does his best
not to rule on cases because he believes
that most things ought to be left to the
legislature well that doesn't answer the
question of where the judge should be
involved in where the judge should not
be involved because of course if you
were to take these two terms to the
logical extreme than any attempt to
overrule any statute at all would amount
to judicial activism and any attempt to
allow the legislature to go forward on
any basis
would amount to judicial restraint
nobody actually believes in total
judicial activism or total judicial
restraint the question is what standard
do you use when you are overruling a
particular case so I don't like the
terms judicial activism and judicial
restraint I'm more interested in
judicial philosophy why would you
overrule a case why would you not
overrule why would you not overrule a
particular law that's the real question
here so when Cavanaugh's defenders say
well he was exercising judicial
restraint the question is well was he
right to do so in that case I do not
think that he was right to do so okay
second area of criticism about Brett
Kavanaugh critics argue that in a case
called priests for life Kavanagh
expressed that the government had a
compelling government interest in
providing contraceptive coverage so in
priests for life basically my
understanding is there was a religious
group that was not providing
contraceptive coverage to some employee
and Cavanaugh in his ruling he dissented
from the from the main ruling in his
dissent he acknowledged that the
government had a compelling government
interest in providing contraceptive
coverage now there's no reason to
acknowledge that because the government
does not in fact have a compelling
government interest in mandating
contraceptive coverage why exactly is it
in the government's interest to mandate
that my insurance program covers an IUD
and why what does the government have to
do with that why isn't that just about
me and my employer but Cavanaugh sort of
accepted that premise
Cavanaugh's fans say that he was just
reflecting the Supreme Court holding in
Hobby Lobby I think that's pretty
dubious okay third critics say that in a
case called Garza Cavanaugh didn't join
in dissent that criticized roe v wade
this is a case where an illegal
immigrant seventeen year old came to the
United States you want an abortion and
she was not given one by the government
the government said well you haven't
been released you've been remanded into
the custody to custody of a relative yet
and we do not have the obligation to
make sure you get over to an abortion
provider to make sure you get that
abortion so Cavanaugh didn't vote that
the woman should be able to get an
abortion but in that case he did not
actually criticize roe v wade instead
what he said is that the government
might have some sort of interest in in
granting her an abortion under roe v
wade but that her status as an illegal
immigrant trumped all of that well the
problem with that of course is that roe
v wade is a badly decided case and there
was another dissent that criticized roe
v wade
he finally Cavanaugh granted standing to
an atheist suing the government over the
Pledge of Allegiance
that's always sort of a weird thing so
there's something in law called standing
standing means that you can't sue unless
you have actually been damaged by
something so if I am
damaged by you right let's say that
let's say that just hits me with her car
I know it's standing to sue her because
now I have been damaged by Jess's car
however if just it's Mathis with her car
I can't sue Jess first of all why would
i but second of all if just hits Mathis
with her car I'm not involved in that
case I don't have standing to sue ok
well the same thing holds true with
regard to federal litigation so you
don't have standing to sue just because
a law affects you right the law has to
specifically target you as to affect you
in a way that violates the law well
there's a case in which an atheist sued
the government over the Pledge of
Allegiance yeah there's there's no stand
there's no actual damages shown by the
person who heard of the Pledge of
Allegiance but was not forced to
Stanford if you're forced to stand or
put your hand over your heart for the
Pledge of Allegiance then you'd have
standing in this case the Atheist did
not have standing but Kavanagh granted
standing anyway so that's another
criticism of Kavanagh so those are the
criticisms of Kavanagh
ok now Thomas Hartman so there are a lot
more criticisms of Hardman so Hardman
was the runner-up to now justice Gorsuch
just last year as I recall I was
actually very critical of Hardman I
thought the gore search would be a much
better pick and thank God president made
the right call on that there are a bunch
of areas in which he is too soft first
there was a case called prowl in which
Hardiman found that a homosexual
quote-unquote effeminate man that was
the description in the case could be
discriminated against under under title
seven of the Civil Rights Act based on
gender stereotyping despite the fact
that this does not reflect the text of
title 7 so under title seven
I can't discriminate against just
because she is a woman and I can't do
that but if just were a lesbian then I
cook and I don't know but yeah I assume
nachos which is boyfriend in any case
yet right just I don't want on it like
not there's anything wrong with that
folks but just it just as straight okay
in any case if under title seven of the
Civil Rights Act okay okay I can
actually under title seven discriminate
against homosexuals now there are state
laws that prevent in many cases
discriminating against homosexuals but
title seven doesn't cover sexual
orientation it only says I can't
discriminate against Jess because she's
a woman and I can't discriminate against
Mathis because he's a man I can
discriminate however on the basis of
sexual orientation
well in this case a gay man sued his
employer saying he was being
discriminated against not because he was
gay but because he was an effeminate man
okay and judge Hardiman found that he
expanded title seven of the Civil Rights
Act to cover appearance as an effeminate
man in gender stereo
which is a pretty radical redefinition
of title seven of the Civil Rights Act
so there's that second in n-double a-c-p
fourth versus North Hudson Regional Fire
and Rescue judge Hardiman rule to strike
down a fire departments residency
requirement based on a finding of
disparate impact so this has always been
a weird aspect of the Civil Rights Act
is the disparate impact test
virtually every law has a disparate
impact any law that you pass has a
disparate impact if I pass a law against
thievery against stealing then then
people who are people who are
kleptomaniacs are disproportionately
impacted there's a disparate impact i'm
kleptomaniacs if for example I were to
pass a law that said that you're not
allowed to buy certain types you're not
allowed to buy Manischewitz wine for
whatever reason you decide that
Manischewitz wine is damaging to the
psyche because it tastes like cough
syrup and therefore you ban on the sale
of Manischewitz wine okay first of all
unclear that's constitutional but let's
say that it's a perfectly legal law it
would have a disparate impact because
most of the people who are drinking
Manischewitz are old Jews right so that
is so that would have a disparate impact
does that mean that the law is per se
illegal not really you have to show that
there was intent behind the law you have
to show that the law was designed to
have disparate impact not that the law
just had disparate impact well in this
case there was a residency requirement
for the fire department and Hartman said
well just because there's a residency
requirement that means that not enough
black people are getting in and that
means that there's disparate impact that
means the law is discriminatory that's a
little bit dicey okay I'm gonna get to
the other claims against Hardiman in
just a second first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at clip so here is
the reality you are not brushing your
teeth properly I know you lied your
dentist they always ask you so how long
do you brush your teeth and you don't
know and then you say I brush my teeth
for 30 minutes a night that is a lie and
you know that you are lying when you say
that instead what you really need to cuz
you're have a stopwatch I mean let's
face this you go to the bathroom and
brush your teeth you kind of swish the
brush around you're done okay that's not
how it ought to work instead you all
have equipped toothbrush it's the new
electric toothbrush that packs just the
right amount of vibration into a slimmer
design and a fraction of the cost of
bulkier traditional electric brushes
guiding pulses alert you want to switch
sides make them brushing the right
amount effortless equip also comes with
a mount that sections right to your
mirror it sticks to use as a cover for a
hygienic travel anywhere and qyp has a
subscription plan so the brush heads
arrive on a dentist recommended schedule
every three months for just five bucks
including free shipping worldwide
qyp is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals
just fantastic um it's really it's user
friendly and it starts just 25 bucks if
you go to get quick comm slash Shapiro
right now you get your first refill pack
for free with a quip electric toothbrush
that's first refill pack free get quip
comm slash up here oh that's GE t qu IP
comm slash up here I'll use that slash
appear oh so that they know that we sent
you it really is a fantastic product
check it out get quick comm slash
Shapiro right now you get that first
refill pack free and it starts at just
25 bucks with that quip electric
toothbrush okay so back to you Thomas
Hardeman who is again one of the
possibilities for president Trump we've
already talked about a couple of the
claims against him third in a case
called Val de Diez o goldenbez Hardiman
ruled that an illegal immigrant could
claim asylum based on targeting by ms-13
in his home country now asylum usually
means that the government has to be
targeting you or that the government is
going out of its way not to protect you
from criminals so let's say you're
targeted by ms-13 you go to the
government you say I'm being targeted by
