so I hope you had a wonderful
Thanksgiving Democrats are rushing to
defend sexual harassers Republicans are
rushing to defend sexual molesters and
the New York Times actually did
something right so everything is awesome
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
ah yes just when you thought things
couldn't get any worse we came back from
Thanksgiving vacation I hope you had a
wonderful Thanksgiving we had a
wonderful Thanksgiving at the Shapiro
household actually went up to Big Bear
for the weekend which was just awesome
but I hope that you did something fun
with your family as well a lot to get to
because the news doesn't stop just
because the world seems to over
Thanksgiving Day weekend before we get
to any of the brand-new news first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at ring.com so rings mission is to make
neighborhoods safer today over a million
people use the amazing ring video
doorbell we are some of those people and
we are out of town we know when people
are ringing our doorbell because it
rings directly through to my phone and I
can see who it is that is ringing my
doorbell which is great because if
someone wants to break into my house
normally what they do is they're going
to ring the doorbell see if somebody's
home and then they break in if nobody
answers so you can answer it and then
they're not going to know whether you're
home or whether or not and they're not
going to break in this is one of the
purposes of having the ring video
doorbell it also makes sense if you have
an annoying neighbor and you don't
actually want that person to come into
your house ring video doorbell is very
useful for that as well right now they
also have the ring floodlight can and
they are extending their levels of
security to the rest of your home just
like rings amazing doorbell floodlight
Kim is a motion-activated camera and
floodlight that connects right to your
phone with HD video and two-way audio
but lets you know the moment anyone
steps onto your property you can see and
speak to visitors you can even set off
an alarm right from your phone so nobody
is going to be threatening your property
ever again ring floodlight offers the
ultimate in home security
again save up to one hundred and fifty
dollars off a ring of security kit when
you go to ring accom / bend that's
ring.com
/ menu at one hundred and fifty bucks
off the ring of security k which is a
solid deal ring comm / bend that is ring
calm / bend
make sure that you go and check it out
ring comm / Bend use the slash bend for
the discount and to make sure they know
that we sent you okay so I want to
contrast today situations in which
Americans feel that sexual harassment
mala station are just wrong wrong wrong
and E wrong wrong and situations in
which apparently we don't care anymore
so here's the situation in which we feel
that it is wrong wrong wrong and E wrong
wrong if you have somebody who's
applying to your college football
coaching position then even the mildest
suspicion they may have covered up for
sexual molestation means that you cannot
get the job I speak of course of Greg
Schiano Greg Schiano it was was about to
be hired at the University of
Tennessee's the Ohio State defense
coordinator and Schiano has been very
successful in that position he was about
to sign a contract at the University of
Tennessee to take over their head
coaching position but then a lot of
people started to protest and they
started protest because Greg Schiano was
working over at Penn State when Jerry
Sandusky the then defensive coordinator
was stooping little boys in the in the
showers and when the Paterno Joe Paterno
was allegedly allowing that to occur or
at least not doing enough to stop it and
there was one allegation by then it
might McQueary who was one of the guys
working on the defensive staff that he
had heard through the grapevine that
Schiano had seen Sandusky molesting a
kid and done nothing about it now that
allegation was unsubstantiated it was
denied by Schiano it was denied also by
another member of the defense of
coordinating staff who supposedly
McQuarrie had heard this from in the
first place so this is really kind of
dicey stuff to begin with but even the
implication that Schiano must have known
about it or may have known about it
meant that the people at University of
Tennessee went nuts so all of
Tennessee's major politicians said you
can't hire Schiano they have a big rock
at University of Tennessee I know about
it cuz I was just visiting University of
Tennessee at Knoxville they've this big
rock where you can paint messages on the
rock and one of the things they painted
was Schiano covered up child rape at
Penn State so they ended up withdrawing
their offered to drag Schiano because
obviously we don't want people who are
alleged to have covered up child
molestation no matter how weak the
allegation coaching a major college
football program he should have run for
Congress that would have been a lot
better for him if he had run for
Congress because the Democrats who spent
the last month saying that it's time to
finally wipe out sexual harassment it's
time to finally wipe out sexual abuse
and you know where we should start we
should start with the Alabama Senate
race let's start with that kiddy porn
guy Roy Moore let start with that guy
let's start with him you know we're so
into the anti sexual harassment campaign
now say the Democrats were even willing
to throw the desiccated corpse of Bill
Clinton under the bus he's no longer
useful to us we'll just take that
skeleton and toss it right under the
grinding wheels of that bus time for him
to go Teddy Kennedy that dudes been
bloated and dead for a long time so if
we have to say some bad things about
Teddy Kennedy okay well we will set a
new standard a brand new standard and
now the day of light is coming and there
will be no more sexual harassment
there'll be no more sexual abuse well
finally come to a conclusion in this
great saga of women being victimized
throughout the United States
in positions of power well that lasted
for like a week
so congratulations Democrats your moral
stand lasted for having less than a week
actually because first there were
allegations about senator Al Franken and
then there were allegations about John
Conyers so the let's start with the
Conyers allegations because this is
truly stunning stuff so John Conyers is
an eighty eight-year-old Congress person
he is apparently senile there there
reports that he had literally walked
into meetings in his pajamas John
Conyers he's not been around for quite a
while he was apparently a a guy who
sexually harassed women many years ago
as well at least those were the
allegations in any case it has now come
out that there was a settlement that
Conyers made with a former member of his
office in which she accused him
basically of propositioning her and when
she refused he fired her was basically
the allegations ended up settling out
for like 30 grand there's also a lawsuit
that have been filed against Conyers
there was an on-the-record allegation by
the Washington Post as a big report by
The Washington Post all of this happens
and Conyers is 88 years old now make no
mistake this is what's astonishing okay
so yeah I'll talk about Roy Moore in a
little while but let's just put it this
way the Republicans have said Roy Moore
can't lose that seat why can't Roy Moore
to lose that seat because if you go from
52 to 51 votes in the Senate it's gonna
be very difficult to pass anything plus
what happens if there's a Supreme Court
vacancy and you need that vote so a
Senate seat is super important and right
now if more we're to lose he's in the
middle of an election cycle a Democrat
would take that seat and the Democrat
would then be able to vote against the
priorities of Republicans okay it's an
argument I don't think it's the world's
strongest argument but it is an argument
this is the binary argument we saw
during the 2016 election it's the exact
same argument they were having it again
I didn't buy then I don't buy it now but
okay let's assume that that's an
argument I'll tell you what's not an
argument let's say that Roy Moore were a
sitting u.s. senator and let's say the
governor of his state were a Republican
and now he could be thrown out of office
and the Republican governor would simply
appoint a Republican replacement or
let's say that there was a
congressperson a Republican Congress
person who was in the midst of a sex
scandal and that person would be thrown
out of office there'd be a special
election it's a very Republican
districts and a Republican would be
elected to replace that person in all
likelihood wouldn't that sort of take
away the the IVA even the argument that
there's a binary choice well this is
what's so incredible about what the
Democrats are doing Republicans maybe
are
about more you can't have Doug Jones in
there again I think that I don't want
suck Jones in there either I think the
moral choice in Alabama is to set it out
or write somebody in instead of Roy
Moore but at least there's an argument
that the Senate seats important there is
no argument that Al Franken Senate seat
is important because it's not there's a
Democratic governor of Minnesota right
now there's no argument that John
Conyers his seat is important he's in
like a d-plus 1000 district John Conyers
has been reelected for 22 straight terms
I believe the guy runs like a medieval
fiefdom okay if he's thrown out guess
what a Democrat will replace him
Democrats still refuse to throw Conyers
under the bus this is amazing stuff it
just demonstrates that all this talk
about sexual harassment sexual assault
sexual misconduct it's all a bunch of
hooey when it comes from politicians
they're all lying they say they pretend
to care about this stuff they do not
care about this stuff one iota and the
proof is coming from your very very
feminist House Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi Nancy Pelosi
then came out and she called John she's
asked about John Conyers and whether
John Conyers should go and remember
Nancy Pelosi is the first female Speaker
of the House she held up the big gavel
she brought in all of her grandkids the
ones who had not been aborted and they
all stood around her and it was all just
glorious and wonderful
she's such a feminist icon Nancy Pelosi
now she specifically asked about John
Conyers who has many allegations of
sexual harassment against him by Chuck
Todd and here is Nancy Pelosi's answer
you said there's now a zero tolerance
John Conyers what does that mean for him
right now let's say it around we are
strengthened by due process just because
someone is accused you and it was that
one accusation is it - I think there has
to be John Conyers is an icon in our
country if he has done a great deal to
protect women violence against women Act
which the left wing right wing is now
quoting me as praising him for his work
on that and he did great work on that
but the fact is as John reviews his case
which he knows which I don't I believe
he will do I believe that he was excuse
me may I finished my sense that he will
do with the right thing you'll do the
right thing so here's what he did he
stepped down from the House Judiciary
Committee which the Democrats wanted him
to do anyway because they want somebody
who is not senile in charge of that
committee but when she says we don't
know the accusers how many there are
what they've said well we know there's a
settlement we know there was a
Washington Post story full of
allegations we
you're calling on Roy Moore to step down
from his Alabama Senate race over very
you know over allegations that are
quote-unquote similarly vague because
they're not vague right Nancy Pelosi
great feminist hero says John Conyers an
icon II must a and then she goes even
further she defends Franken she defends
Bill Clinton and then she calls Roy
Moore a child molester I don't know how
you can hold a standard of evidence that
says that Al Franken is innocent Bill
Clinton is innocent Roy Moore is guilty
that standard of evidence does not exist
obviously it is a generational change
but let me just say the concern that we
had then was that they were impeaching
the President of the United States and
for something that had nothing to do
with the performance of his duties and
trying to take him out for that reason
why do you think the reaction was
different by women on Bill Clinton and I
say that because it does seem as if
frankly when you watch some of the
reactions by the president in defending
Roy Moore or at least overlooking the
allegations against Roy Moore that were
you putting politics ahead of your
personal disgust no but we're talking
about a child molester Oh President
Clinton was accused of being a sexual
predator well I mean or even rape why
don't we talk instead about how we go
forward nobody is proud of President
Clinton's behavior at the time why don't
we talk about how we go forward because
you haven't gone forward you're
defending John Conyers and Al Franken
right now forget about 20 years ago now
write all these Democrats who are now
saying oh I we would have been in favor
of Bill Clinton's impeachment they're
full of absolute crap because now they
have the opportunity not only to do this
but to do it without any sort of
political repercussion that's what's
truly astonishing to me right the
political loyalty runs so deep in
Washington DC the partisan tribalism
runs so deep in Washington DC it doesn't
even matter if you're gonna lose
something now I was under the weird
misimpression over the last couple weeks
that all of this was about losing a seat
or losing political power it's not even
about that it's about pure partisan
loyalty it's about John Conyers has a D
by his name it doesn't matter if he'd be
replaced by another person with a D by
his name so long as he has the D by his
name Nancy Pelosi will stand by his side
she'll stand by Bill Clinton's side she
has no good answers to these questions
if they want Roy Moore elected there's
no better way of getting Roy Moore
elected to the United States Senate than
for Democrats to do exactly what they
this weekend it gets even worse and I'll
show you talk about it in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriots supply so
listen the government recommends that in
case of natural disaster you have some
food on hand in your house that can take
you through a period that could be
pretty brutal here in California there
been reports about some activity along
the San Andreas Fault if God forbid
there were to be a major earthquake the
government recommends that you're
supposed to have a certain amount of
food available in your house so you
don't have to run out to the grocery
store or in case emergency services
can't get to you that's why you need to
speak with my friends over at my Patriot
supply you can get their 102 serving
survival food kit for just 99 bucks it
includes breakfasts lunches and dinners
it is shipped to your home office your
home or your office for free order a kit
for yourself now call eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen 888
eight oh three fourteen thirteen or go
online to prepare with been calm prepare
with been calm again the emergency food
lasts for like twenty five years in
storage so you buy it once you forget
about it and then when there's an
emergency you're glad that you did you
spent ninety nine bucks and have one
hundred and two servings of survival
food for just $99 really good deal for
making sure your family is preserved in
safety again eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 eight eight eight eight oh
three 14 13 or prepare with been Commons
prepare with been calm yeah another one
of these Democrats demonstrating her
hypocrisy is a woman named Jackie Speier
Jackie Speier is a Democratic
Representative and Miss Speier is she
has said that there are multiple sexual
predators basically in Congress and John
Conyers is not one of them she has said
that she know about all of the people
know who these people are she's from
California here is her discussing John
Conyers
right here's what she had to say about
John Conyers the other day do we
actually have a clip or it's just the
graphic okay so here's what she actually
said she said quote I think the
allegations are very serious and that's
why there's the ethics committee needs
to move forward very swiftly now wait
years but very swiftly staff up if
necessary to determine whether or not
those allegations are accurate if
they're accurate I do believe
congressman Conyers should step down
okay the if they're accurate routine the
if they're accurate routine basically
suggest that now there needs to be a
full trial before we decide in public
affairs whether or not somebody needs to
step down if that were the case Bill
Clinton was never convicted of anything
Hillary Clinton was never convicted of
anything David Vitter was never
convicted of anything you know that all
these all these people Anthony Weiner at
the time he
design had not been convicted of
anything that's not how politics works
politics is not about the idea that you
have to go through a full due process
trial that's what you do to avoid prison
politics is about who do you want
representing you and if we're all gonna
new head now have the standard that you
have to be convicted of a crime in order
for you to be removed from office then I
guess that's our standard from now on
but it just means that our politicians
are basically going to be worse and
worse people it's pretty astonishing
right and Conyers of course has said
that he'll step aside the Judiciary
Committee it means nothing again for the
for the tenth time John Conyers leaving
would mean nothing to the Democrats John
Conyers his district is heavily
Democratic now yeah but that's not the
only instance of the Democrats doing
this over the weekend over the weekend
the Democrats came out and defended Al
Franken so Al Franken has come out and
he said he's ashamed but he's not
stepping down he's ashamed of his
behavior he said that he can still be
effective he said quote I've let a lot
of people down and I'm hoping I can make
it up to them and gradually regain their
trust right this is what he said on
Sunday by phone he said I'm looking
forward to getting back to work tomorrow
so no he's not stepping down it doesn't
matter there's an actual picture of him
trying to grab a sleeping woman's
breasts it doesn't matter that many many
women have now come out and said they
grabbed their butts he says by the way
his defense of himself is that he's a
hugger that he's a hugger did his hands
hug asses I'm confused here is Al
Franken defending himself
you know III can't say that that hasn't
happened I take thousands and thousands
of pictures we sometimes in crowded and
chaotic situations I can't say I haven't
