president Trump's approval ratings jump
migrants approach the southern border
and the left goes ballistic over the
Department of Education approach to sex
and gender I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show well I hope that you
had an uneventful weekend we here at the
Daily wear had an eventful weekend which
means we had to go to politican and ruin
our Sunday that way but if you missed
politican this weekend we've got you
covered because subscribers get to watch
all daily wire events for free on the
website head on over to daily wire.com
slash subscribe to enjoy all the leftist
cheers produced over the weekend and
enjoy our weekend much more than I did
go check that out right now also before
we jump into today's news I would
recommend to you that if you are not
getting the sleep to which you feel
entitled perhaps you should get a better
mattress well the mattress that you need
is available over at helix sleep they
built a sleep quiz that takes two
minutes to complete they use the answers
to match your body type and sleep
preferences to the perfect mattress
whether you're a side sleeper a hot
sleeper or they like a plush or a firm
bed with helix there's no more guessing
and no more confusion just go to helix
sleep calm slash men take their
two-minute sleep quiz that they will
match you to a mattress that will give
you the best sleep of your life four
couples helix can even split that
mattress down the middle providing
individual support needs and feel
preferences for each side the mattress
is really great my wife and I took the
two minutes sleep quizzes we ordered the
mattress it came in the mail we open the
box and inflate it right in front of us
popped it on the bed frame we were good
to go it's so good that we actually got
one for my sister for her wedding
they've a 10-year warranty and you get
to try it out for 100 nights risk-free
right now helix is offering up to 125
bucks off all mattress orders again up
to 125 bucks off at helix sleep calm /
Ben that's helix sleep calm / Ben again
125 bucks off your mattress order go
check it out right now helix sleep calm
/ pound use that / Ben so they know that
we sent you alright so the poles in the
lead-up to the midterm elections are
starting to look a lot better for the
Republicans the reason for this is
because Democrats suck at everything so
there's a lot of attempt on the right to
claim that this is all Republican
know-how and suddenly Republicans are
good at things no well it's really
happening here is that the Democratic
mask is often Democrats are garbage at
everything basically when President
Trump is the second thing in the news
that is a very good thing for
Republicans when he is the first thing
in the news it's a problem
so when Democrats spend weeks
demonstrating they don't care about due
process and that they will railroad a
guy simply for political reasons very
good for Republicans when the lead
headline is the leading 2020 contender
for the Democrats setting herself on
fire over a DNA sample that's really
good for Republicans when the lead
headline is Democrats approaching Ted
Cruz in a restaurant and screaming at
him and his wife very good for
Republicans the best friend of
Republicans right now is the insanity of
the Democrats and you are seeing that
full scale in the polls also obviously
you're seeing the effect of a very good
economy on the Republicans the margin by
which voters trust Republicans over
Democrats on the economy has never been
larger in the history of the polling
really say our +17 in this poll which is
amazing also I don't want to give no
credit to President Trump President
Trump has done a couple of very good
things number one he has taken proper
economic measures that have really
benefited the average American and
number two the President of the United
States does make it feel like he is a
change actor and usually in midterm
elections there's an attempt to vote for
change right now what the polls show is
that Republicans are actually seen as
the party of change well being the party
in power that's really unusual usually
the party out of power is seen as the
party of change but because Trump is so
out of left field and so outrageous and
so chaotic the benefit of that is that
he feels like a change agents even
though he is the guy who's sitting in
the seat that is very good for
Republicans so here is what the latest
polls show according to The Wall Street
Journal voter interest in the midterm
elections has surged from records within
both parties helping to drive up
president Trump's approval rating while
maintaining the Democrats lead as the
party most preferred to lead Congress
according to a new Wall Street Journal
NBC News poll the findings point to an
energized electorate buffeted by
dynamics that bring great uncertainty to
the outcome of an election just two
weeks away and what the polls kind of
show is that everything is narrowing
nearly 2/3 of registered voters show a
high level of interest in the election
that is the highest ever recorded in a
midterm election since the journal/nbc
poll began asking the question in 2006
now the reason for that is because
largely of the Democrats the Democrats
were always going to be energized to
vote against President Trump but now
Republicans are really mobilized to vote
against the Democrat I know that my
interest in voting peaked significantly
thanks to the Democrats
behavior during the Brett Kavanaugh saga
and I know that most other Republicans
feel the same the once large gap between
Republican voters and Democrats voters
interest in the election has now been
closed 68 percent of Republican voters
and 72 percent of Democrats say they are
very interested in the election that is
the highest recorded for either party by
the survey in a midterm election also
president Trump's Trump's job approval
rating has jumped to 47% according to
The Wall Street Journal and NBC News
poll that is the highest mark he has
ever had in office in that poll he is
now higher than President Obama's
average poll approval rating before the
2010 elections now it is worth noting
that President Obama got skunked in the
2010 elections but with that said
President Trump has gained significant
approval only 49 percent disapproving so
that's about as close to parody as Trump
is ever going to get he's never going to
be a 55% president he's just two
polarizing a figure 47% for president
Trump is a very good number and that is
a real action number if he gets up to
47% in the public approval ratings he
wins re-election in 2020 that's an
improvement from September that's when
44% approved and 52% disapproved of his
performance and then Democrats decided
it would be a great idea to shoot
themselves in the foot repeatedly with
an ar-15 and now president Trump has
soared in the approval ratings Democrats
still do lean on the question of which
party should control Congress among poll
respondents identified his likely voters
50 percent preferred Democrats forty-one
percent prefer Republicans which is
about the same as it was in last month's
poll but the blue wave is now running
into a riptide of uncertainty according
to certain holds certain pollsters
although Democrats are preferred in the
national poll overall here's the key
their advantage has vanished in the
House districts that matter most in
districts rated as the most competitive
by the nonpartisan cook Political Report
the parties are dead even on the
question of which one should control
Congress so that means that in
California Democrats are really fired up
in New York Democrats are really fired
up in Ohio now quite as much or at least
Republicans are just as fired up as
Democrats are in Ohio in last month's
poll this is an amazing thing in last
month's poll Democrats led by 13
percentage points among registered
voters and six points among likely
voters interest in the election has
jumped among many groups that tend to
favor Democrats Latinos African
Americans young people more than
two-thirds of black voters showed high
interest in the election that's up from
fifth
7% in the average of polls taken from
January through September but you were
also seeing a massive increase a massive
increase among white voters among
Republican voters among older voters
it's consistent so we do not know what
the case is here but there is a massive
gender gap and this massive gender gap
is again the result of two things
President Trump is toxic to women and
Democrats are toxic to men this is the
gender gap is not one factor it's not
that Republic it's not that men love
Republicans and love President Trump
because they hate women or anything like
that it's that President Trump is
uniquely off-putting to many women
particularly suburban moms and the
Democrats are supremely off-putting to
men and this is why you're seeing the
polls close the gender gap that has
actually opened up wide in the last
month is not between women and kind of
the normal electorate it's between men
in the normal electorate men are now
favoring Republicans in heavy numbers
this poll found Democrats with a
lopsided advantage among female voters
for the second month in a row women in
the survey say they prefer a Democrat
controlled Congress by 25 percentage
points 57 to 32 which is a massive gap
male voters however want Republicans to
lead Congress by a 14 point margin 52%
Republican 38% Democrats in competitive
swing districts are mostly in suburban
areas urban voters favor a
democratic-controlled Congress by a 36
percent margin rural voters favor the
GOP by 31 points among suburban
residents the parties are virtually tied
44% favored GOP control 45% favored a
Democratic Congress now why because
voters continue to trust the Republicans
on the economy on trade issues
Republicans are preferred by a 17 point
margin that's up from 8% in August the
issue has been in the spotlight because
President Trump was actually able to
close a NAFTA deal so all of the talk
about tariffs and trade wars that is
basically receded into the background so
all of this is good news for a public
does that mean Republicans hold the
house he's still more unlikely than not
but this upsurge is is pretty amazing
stuff for Republicans in the lead-up to
a midterm election and again a lot of
that has to do with the facts that the
Democrats are just terrible at
everything when I say they're terrible
at everything I mean they are completely
off-putting on the most basic basic
issues and that's what we are saying
that is the story of today's
Texas is hell off-putting the Democrats
are Mitch McConnell for example make
cocaine Mitch as we are fond of calling
him cocaine Mitch was eating at a
restaurant he was confronted by
protesters if this thing becomes
consistent it is not good for the
country and it is certainly not good for
the Democratic Party which seems to be
embracing it in a way the Republican
Party is not now Nancy Pelosi was also
confronted over the weekend and
protesters shouted to her the difference
is high-level Republicans condemned that
high-level Democrats are not doing a
great job of condemning what's going on
here look at these protesters confront
cocaine Mitch and Elaine Chad they're
eating at a restaurant and I mean
frankly they're just lucky that cocaine
Mitch didn't go ballistic on them and
tell them to say hello to his little
friend Manny I don't know why you'd want
to go up against cocaine mention Elaine
Chao it will claw out your eyes and feed
you to the Ravens but this is what these
protesters decided to do
here's what I love this how you know
it's Kentucky okay the way that you know
this is Kentucky is the protesters show
up and they start shouting at cocaine
Mitch and all the patrons let get the
hell out of here
nobody likes you leave yeah this is why
it's so funny I've been asked before if
anybody has ever confronted me at a
restaurant or tried to make trouble at a
restaurant and like no I eat kosher
those are all my friends right you come
into a kosher restaurant and you tried
to confront me these are all my buddies
and my security right the Jew crew okay
so we will we will fight you off but
cocaine Mitch basically has that in
Kentucky as well so he just activated
his his goons to basically fight back
against these guys just by sitting there
the cool collected turtle gotta love it
okay meanwhile Democrats determined to
show that they are just as nutty as you
think they are in other ways as well
they've decided that beta or Roarke is
the most important person on planet
earth he is deeply important why have
they decided beta Rock is important I
have no idea they're trying to say that
he's sort of like Barack Obama except
without half the charm or the racial
appeal but they're still trying to
manufacture this this kind of quasi
enthusiasm for beta or work and there is
a report from ABC News that really fond
over him last night but the best stuff
the best stuff from these campaigns then
it was true for President Trump and it's
the thing I despise most about politics
generally is true for Obama and from
anybody who has any level of political
notoriety has a certain number of fans
who are completely crazy and those fans
do completely crazy things in public I
don't mean wearing t-shirts or lining up
for book signing I mean what I'm gonna
show you in just a second because it's
astonishingly bad and really
embarrassing and you got to imagine that
these folks the day after the election
they wake up and they go what was I
thinking well it really was this what I
wanted to do with my life when I was
when I was 12 was this one the image
that I wanted to project to the world
will get to all that in just a second
first let's talk about blue apron okay
you need food delivered to your house in
prepackaged ingredients the freshest
best ingredients gourmet recipes it'll
come directly to you and then you can
cook with your family I love cooking
with my kids folks around the office are
using blue apron on a routine basis
because the food is great and also it's
just a great idea every time you go to
the grocery store and you go with a
shopping list first of all nothing more
annoying than that my wife and I have a
rule I asked her before I go to the
grocery store which ingredient she wants
me to forget because I will forget one
so she
welp rename the ingredients I'm going to
forget with blue apron you don't have to
worry about that everything is coming to
your door in the prepackaged portions so
you never getting too much or not going
to Costco and buying like 83 pounds of
tumeric instead you're getting exactly
what you need it's coming to your door
you're cooking these gourmet meals it's
dinner in as little as 20 minutes every
week at least three recipes are built in
for your busy schedule in mind boo apron
has done the meal prep for you they
prepared sauces and spices and
ingredients and they offer a range of
recipes bursting with flavors whether
you're looking for a quick and easy meal
or a Phil Q and Erin cooking experience
blue apron lets you choose from the
range of recipe options so check out
this week's menu get your first three
meals for free at blue aprons comm slash
Shapiro that's blue aprons kaam /
Shapiro's to get your first three meals
for free blue apron is indeed a better
way to cook and man i'm looking at some
of these recipes it's stuff like tomato
and basil pesto pizza that you're
cooking seared steaks and homemade steak
sauce with mashed potatoes I mean this
this is gourmet stuff you make in your
own home you don't have to go to a
restaurant be harassed by folks who are
gonna yell at you go instead to blue
apron , / Shapiro to get your first
three meals for free when I say folks
have have made fools of themselves for
bait or work I remember back in 2008
when the Democrats actually had small
children singing hymns to President
Obama then candidate Obama now Democrats
have gone even beyond that here is a
bunch of bait o O'Rourke supporters I
don't know why doing YMCA but be ETO in
unison it's not good
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
now what I love about this most is the
move that was made by Democrats that
beta O'Rourke draws an incredibly
diverse crowd if you can't see this this
is all old white people and a small girl
that's really what it is it's like all a
bunch of all the white people who can
barely move it looks like workout night
at the local old-age home I mean it
looks like it does when you actually go
down to the YMCA and you see the people
who are 60 in the water doing physical
therapy except they're doing B eto for
Senate so that was strong but that was
not the strongest entry in the beta
worship him kn'l hey the strongest entry
comes courtesy of some crazy ladies who
decided to cut the weirdest video I've
seen in the selection cycle well I can't
say that I mean I've seen so many weird
videos in this election cycle I can't
but this one is pretty astonishing here
we go
I don't even know what this is but
listen if you can bear to Cruz yet
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is not a parody of fado supporters
these are actual beta supporters I know
I know people telling me to cut this but
I can't mesmerizing it's mesmerizing way
bad this is not actually a parody of
beta supporters from what I understand
so good stuff they're from the beta
supporters really demonstrating that
they don't care too much about a guy
driving over a median line being super
drunk and crashing into a trunk and then
fleeing and also I mean I can see why
they don't care that much about
drunkenness considering you would have
to be drunk to think that was a good
idea but there you are so I can't
imagine why Republicans are responding
the way that they are except for
Democrats again the theme of today's
show Democrats terrible at everything
continuing with that theme my the woman
who I've chosen to cat call on a routine
basis Alexandra Ocasio Cortese the
future congresswoman from Brooklyn over
the weekend again
you wonder why folks in the United
States are not taking Democrats maybe as
seriously as they should because they
don't deserve to be taken seriously here
is Alexandra Ocasio cortez over the
weekend saying that we should fight
global warming the same way we fought
the Nazis well I don't see really how
bombing the Germans is gonna help but I
mean I'm willing to try if she is it
here is Alexandra Ocasio Cortez
suggesting that I guess we're supposed
to
I don't know invade Normandy to stop
global warming or something here she is
the most intelligent advocate for her
position the left can present these days
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez it's very
difficult to hear her what she says the
LAT when we talk about existential
