so we're going to discuss today when
victimhood counts as the fallout from
parkland continues plus stormy Daniels
befuddled as the White House and Paul
Ryan is he on his way out
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh man so many things to get to today
and we will get to all of them first I
want to say thank you hover to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so
you've not been getting enough sleep and
you think that you've not been getting
enough sleep because you're stressed or
because you're not exercising one of the
reasons you're not getting enough sleep
is because your sheets stink okay you
know you they do you just stopped at the
side of the road there's some weird guy
who was selling thousand thread count
sheets and you picked them up and you've
been sleeping on it and you've been
sleeping on a plastic tarp ever since
well bull and branch can fix that for
you okay bull and branch makes the best
bedding and the best blankets made from
pure 100% organic cotton which means
they start out super soft they get even
softer over time and you can buy
directly from them so you're essentially
playing wholesale prices luxury sheets
can cost up to a thousand dollars in the
store well and Brad she told me a couple
of hundred bucks and that's well worth
it since you're sleeping on them every
night everyone who tries bull and branch
sheets loves them in fact we threw out
all of our other sheets and bought only
bull and branch after we started working
with them that's why they have thousands
of five-star reviews it's why Forbes The
Wall Street Journal Fast Company they're
all talking about bull and branch even
three US presidents and Bill Clinton's
ex-lovers sleep unbolt and branch sheets
shipping is free can try them for 30
nights if you don't love them send them
back for a refund
but you're not gonna want to send them
back they really are that good to get
you started right now my listeners get
$50 off your first set of sheets at bull
and branch calm promo code Ben that's
bull and branch comp remote command for
50 bucks off your first set of sheets
again all of their sheets are just
phenomenal and their other products are
as well you sleep much better in your
own bed when you have a great pair of
sheets that's a bull and branch does for
you bol el and branch com use that promo
club and get 50 bucks off and let them
know that we sent you alright so we've
been hearing for weeks that those of us
who are in favor of second Amendment
rights are somehow weird crazy right
because we're all worried that they're
gonna take our guns and what you'll hear
from people and left is no we don't want
to take your guns no we're not
interested in in taking your doesn't to
take your guns under it he said no no
and then of course they argue that they
want to take our guns the latest example
of this comes courtesy a former Supreme
Court Justice John Paul Stevens said
John Paul Stevens was appointed by
Republicans and then he proceeded to
govern left of Ruth Bader Ginsburg that
is not a joke if you actually look
people have charted how particular
justices govern and rule from the bench
John Paul Stevens is one of the most
liberal members of the court for nearly
his entire tenure he was one of the
worst picks I believe he was appointed
by President Reagan Warren
worst pics of President Reagan and he
has just been disastrous in fact you
know I'm gonna check that real fact with
you that he was appointed by he may have
been appointed by Nixon yeah he's
pointed by by President Nixon rap oh
sorry
Gerald Ford he's appointed by Gerald
Ford but he was one of Gerald Ford's
worst moves and now he has an op-ed in
the New York Times literally titled to
repeal the Second Amendment which makes
the second top ad in the New York Times
in the last two years calling for full
repeal of the Second Amendment after
Brett Stevens wrote the same thing and
Brett is their in-house conservative
over there so John Paul Stevens writes
this full op-ed about why we should get
rid of the Second Amendment entirely
first of all completely unrealistic in
order to pass a constitutional amendment
you require two-thirds approval of each
house of Congress plus three-quarters of
all state legislatures look at a map
it's all read if there are 30-some
governors in the United States who are
Republican zero state legislatures are
actually gonna pass this thing outside
of California Massachusetts New York and
maybe you know Minnesota or something
and then the notion that a bunch of
people are sitting around waiting to
repeal the Second Amendment is just not
accurate but let's go through John Paul
Stevens is awful argument in the New
York Times for why they were a Second
Amendment should be repealed so he
begins by praising the marches and
rallies that have been taking place
since the Parkland shooting he writes
this rarely in my lifetime have I seen
the type of civic engagement
schoolchildren and their supporters
demonstrated in Washington and other
major cities throughout the country this
past Saturday these demonstrations
demand our respect they revealed the
broad public support for legislation to
minimize the risk of mass killings of
schoolchildren and others in our society
so number one this is stupid
this is incredibly stupid Haley the if
you really believe that big rallies mean
that there's tremendous support for
hardcore gay anti-gun legislation then
you've never seen a rally before if
first of all was rally within that bag
there are 200,000 people who showed up
in DC sizeable rally sure
hey in 2000 there's the million mom
March also for gun control also anti NRA
and three-quarters of a million people
showed up in Washington DC at that point
I believe Bill Clinton was still
president technically and nothing
happened
zero things happen there is it and
there's been serious seriously pretty
much zero gun legislation between two
thousand and two thousand eighteen
despite multiple major rallies on gun
control and it's worth noting that when
tea partiers were out there by the
hundreds of thousands nobody seems to
care about that either every year the
March for life happens in several
hundred
thousand people and pro-life legislation
does not inevitably follow nor would
people on the left suggest Wow look at
the public support for that
that means we suddenly have to get rid
of abortion rights so this is really
dumb and then he continues he says the
marches are a sign that it's time to
seriously curb weapons ownership quote
that support is a clear sign to
lawmakers to enact legislation
prohibiting civilian ownership of
semi-automatic weapons increasing the
minimum age to buy a gun from 18 to 21
and establishing more comprehensive
background checks on all purchasers of
firearms but the demonstrator should
seek more effective and more lasting
reform they should demand a repeal of
the Second Amendment so it's not enough
to pass a law that would bar civilian
ownership of semi-automatic weapons
which is to say virtually every weapon
in the United States again for those who
don't know anything about guns a
semi-automatic weapon just means you
pull the trigger once and one bullet
fires and another one is loaded into the
chamber that is all a semi-automatic
weapon is that's the only thing that
distinguishes between a revolver and a
semi-automatic weapon is that there is a
is there is a changing cylinder in a
revolver that doesn't exist in a
semi-automatic weapon
virtually every weapon in the United
States unless it is boat loading muzzle
loading or a revolver is a
semi-automatic weapon virtually all of
them and there are 300 million of them
in the United States so he said well my
problem just covered a semi-automatic
weapons everything will be fine yeah
yeah good luck with that one okay but
then he says that he wants the Second
Amendment gone so it's not enough to
just get rid of it and then I love this
that the left keeps saying that we're
just idly worried about second Amendment
rights being violated we're not we can
have common-sense gun regulations yeah
at least even's is being honest at least
he's being honest so he says let's get
rid of the Second Amendment entirely he
says quote concerned that a national
standing army might pose a threat to the
security of the separate states led to
the adoption of that amendment which
provides the quote a well-regulated
militia being necessary to the security
of a free State the right of the people
to keep and bear Arms shall not be
infringed today that concern is a relic
of the 18th century well no no it isn't
ok the concern that the federal
government would invade our rights and
in really egregious manner and that we
might need guns to protect ourselves I'm
wondering how that a relic of the 18th
century when we have had beyond the 18th
century full-on slavery in the United
States Jim Crow removal of gun rights
from black folks removal of gun rights
from from a wide variety of people
including japanese-americans during
world war ii and the forcible
imprisonment of Japanese during the
World War two it seems to me that in
armed papa
raishin is a better guarantee than
sitting around thinking that the
government will never go to radical it
just is that's not to suggest that every
armed rebellion is good or that it will
end well or that armed rebellions are
largely successful but one of the
reasons that the government doesn't go
for tyrannical is because they know that
there are 100 million people in the
United States who own guns try telling a
bunch of Texans they are not violating
their rights when you say you want to go
into their basements and take out all of
their guns again good luck with that
this is not this concern is it you know
historically ignorant you have to be to
believe that it's a relic of the 18th
century to worry about centralized
government taking your guns and then
invading your rights it's happened in
virtually every tyrannical country it's
happened in China it has happened in the
Soviet Union it's happened in Nazi
Germany the sort of stuff happens all
the time routinely
a lot so then he continued says for over
200 years after the adoption of the
Second Amendment it was uniformly
understood as not placing any limit on
either federal or state authority to
enact gun control legislation in 1939
the Supreme Court unanimously held that
Congress could prohibit the possession
of a sawed-off shotgun because that
weapon had no reasonable relation to the
preservation or efficiency of a
quote/unquote well-regulated militia
well that's not even a real reading of
the case that's a bad reading of the
case if the idea here is that you have
to be a member of the militia in order
to carry a gun that is absolutely untrue
it is not true at the time of the
founding it is not true throughout
American history it's not even true in
the case that Stephens is citing stevens
was a bad Supreme Court justice and he's
an ignoramus when it comes to actual
jurisprudence ok the case he's citing
his United States versus Miller in 1939
Justice Scalia explained this case to
Stephens in his opinion in DC versus in
Heller versus DC he said quote Miller
did not hold that and cannot be possibly
read to have held that quote the
judgments in the case upheld against a
Second Amendment challenge to men's
federal convictions for transporting an
unregistered short barreled shotgun in
interstate commerce in violation of the
National Firearms Act it is entirely
clear that the courts basis for saying
the Second Amendment did not apply was
not that the defendants were bearing
arms not for military purposes rather it
was the type of weapon at issue was not
eligible for the Second Amendment
protection this whole thing is consists
not only consistent with but positively
suggests that the Second Amendment
confers an individual right to keep and
bear arms the only arms that have some
reasonable relationship to the
preservation or efficiency of a railroad
well-regulated militia and the court
believed that the
Second Amendment protects only those
serving in the militia it would have
been odd to examine the character of the
weapon rather than simply note that the
true two crooks were not militiamen
furthermore this has been understood for
literally hundreds of years one of the
reasons in the Dred Scott decision the
evil horrible Dred Scott decision in
which the Supreme Court decided that
black people in America could not be
full citizens of the United States
hey justice Tony wrote in that decision
that one of the reasons black people
could not be citizens of the United
States is that if you made them citizens
of the United States then they'd be able
to carry guns the obvious underlying
assumption being that citizens of the
United States have the ability to carry
guns that they have the right to carry
guns under the Constitution of the
United States and here's what justice
Tony wrote in that evil Dred Scott
decision quote it would give to persons
of the Negro race who are recognized as
citizens in any one state of the Union
the right to enter every other state
whenever they please it would give them
full liberty of speech in public and in
private upon all subjects upon which
citizens might speak to hold public
meetings upon political affairs and to
keep and carry arms wherever they went
and the scared Justice xx this is why he
said that we wouldn't allow black people
to be citizens and that they had to
remain sort of property and this evil
decision he said because if you were to
make them citizens then there are rights
that comes along with being a citizen
one of those rights is carrying firearms
but Stevens isn't done then he quotes
Chief Justice Warren burger
who's the man responsible for such
constitutional abominations as Roe
versus Wade and he says that chief
Warren burger used to say that the NRA
was stupid well who cares the chief
Lorne burger had to say that guy was a
terrible Justice Warren burger was such
a bad justice the Potter Stewart another
justice on the Supreme Court leach
dramatically to Woodward and Bernstein
his Karl Woodward was a Bernstein
Woodward it was to one of them I in
their book the Brethren okay the
Brethren is a book about the inside
workings of the Supreme Court Potter
Stewart hated Warren burger so much that
he leaked the entire book okay to to
Woodward and Bernstein about why Warren
burger was an idiot everybody on the
court thought Warren burger was an idiot
except for John Paul Stevens apparently
okay so in any case he then rips into
District of Columbia vs. Heller that's
DC vs. Heller the 2008 case that Rhian
shrined the American right to keep him
bare and keeping bear arms and here's
what Stevens concludes he says that
decision which I remain convinced was
wrong and certainly was debatable has
provided the NRA with a propaganda
weapon of immense power well actually
they had a second amendment before that
overturning that decision via a
constitutional amendment to get rid of
Second Amendment would be simple it
would do more to weaken the NRA's
ability to stymie legislative debate and
block constructive gun control
legislation than any other available
option okay so it would be easy to get
rid of the Second Amendment go ahead and
try left us please do it make this your
rally and cry please tell Republicans
all over the country they're gonna take
away their weapons and repeal the Second
Amendment do it I dare you you want to
see yourselves get killed in November
politically speaking you want to see it
just construed politically speaking do
this push for a giant gun control effort
okay in just a second I'm going to talk
about another idiotic rant on gun
control but first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at the u.s. CCA hey
as you may have noticed your gun rights
are in fact under attack the folks on
the Left are interested in taking away
your gun rights and that's why we are
working very hard to ensure that people
who have guns know what to do with them
not just for resistance to government
but also because as a law-abiding gun
owner you have a right to keep and bear
arms hey you are running out of time to
claim your free mass shooting Survival
Guide an audio book if you're listening
right now you know we live in dangerous
times but enough is enough when it comes
to protecting the people you love you
deserve to know the truth you're about
to miss your free copy of the complete
mass shooting Survival Guide from the US
CCA go to defend my family now calm
while you still can its defend my family
now calm it's 100% free in this book you
will learn what we really need to know
about mass shootings how does it arrive
an attack proven strategies for stopping
a shooter and a whole lot more again
well left fulminates about guns
generally make sure that you know how to
protect yourself that's what this guide
is for plus you can claim your copy in
seconds to 100% free and if you act now
you also get a bonus security checklist
to print off your local school church or
office don't miss this life-saving guide
an audiobook you're 100% free copies
will be gone next week go to defend my
family now calm to claim yours well
their lat while they last again its
defend my family now calm defend my
family now calm ensure that you and your
family are protected in case of god
forbid a mass shooting make sure that
you know what to do this is why the OCC
is helping you out in a way the lefties
are okay the folks on the left are
saying give up your gun and we'll keep
you safe the occa is saying keep
yourself safe and know how to do it get
your free copy of the complete mass
shooting Survival Guide from the US CCI
defend my family now calm that's defend
my family now calm okay I wasn't the
only dumb notion that was being pushed
by the left today from John Paul Stevens
there is also a tweet storm from Michael
Ian Black who's a comedian
and that means that he must know lots
about guns right because he's a comedian
so that means that he knows a lot about
guns so here's his Tweed storm he says
quote I'll say it assault weapons aren't
the problem
handguns are the problem by all means be
ar-15s and the like but handguns kill
far more people the solution is to
repeal and replace the Second Amendment
make gun ownership a privilege not right
okay at least they're being honest now
at least Michael Ian Black and John Paul
Stevens they're being honest now and
they will be increasingly honest as time
goes on I'm old enough to remember when
the Democrats claimed they weren't for
nationalized health care and now of
course this has become a thing they like
to do is nationalize health care and
Michael Ian Black continues along these
lines
he says thirty-eight thousand Americans
died from gun violence last year what
number would you like to compromise to
twenty thousand well no I'd like that
