hey hey and welcome this is the Ben
Shapiro show you got a lot to get to
here today newspapers across America
uniting to condemn President Trump we
examine why it's so easy to
misunderstand how evil works and John
Brennan wines a lot I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show as I say so many
things to get to hear today lots and
lots to get to hear today but first
let's talk about your impending death
life insurance is really important but
it's also really confusing no wonder
four out of ten people don't have it
maybe you are one of those people you
hear in the audience you don't think
you're gonna die but one day you will
I'm sorry to break it to you and that's
why life insurance is necessary
life insurance rates are the lowest
they've been in 20 years the best time
to buy is now the best place to buy is
policy genius.com
cut policy genius is the easy way to
compare life insurance online in just
five minutes you can compare quotes from
the top insurers and find the best
policy for you and when you compare
quotes you save money it is indeed
that's simple policy genius has helped
over 4 million people shop for insurance
they've placed over 20 billion dollars
in coverage and they don't just do life
insurance to do health insurance and
disability insurance and renter's
insurance all the rest of it if you've
been putting off getting your life
insurance there is no reason to put it
off any longer go to policy genius com
get quotes applying minutes it's that
easy you could do it right now
and you should because rates are their
lowest in 20 years and if you die and
leave your family bereft they won't be
able to pay for a nice headstone for you
so go check it out right now
policy genius it is the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance that's
policy genius.com
so we begin today with the fact that 300
newspapers 300 newspapers across the
country have all decided that it is
deeply necessary and important to come
out against President Trump 300
newspapers all across the country this
thing was led by the Boston Globe the
Boston Globe coordinated this entire
stick and I guess the idea here is to
show that the media is not in collusion
against President Trump by colluding
against President Trump it makes perfect
sense all the way across the board
the Boston Globe has its own very long
editorial all about this and they write
a central pillar of President Trump's
politics is a sustained assault on the
Free Press journalists are not
classified as fellow Americans but
rather the enemy of the people
this relentless assault on the Free
Press has dangerous consequences
we asked editorial boards from across
the country liberal and conservative
large and small but mostly liberal to
join us today to address this
fundamental threats in their own words
than their hundreds of editorials and
they show some poll results about how
much Americans trust the press and what
these poll results show it's kind of
fascinating is that it's not just a
matter of conservatives not trusting the
press a lot of people don't trust the
press about 26% of all independents say
the news media are the enemy of the
American people that's registered
independents not Republicans not
Democrats and when you look at the
numbers with regard to for example the
New York Times what you see is that only
about 37% of independents actually about
37% believe the New York Times is
untrustworthy about 60% believe it's
trustworthy well you would figure that
independence if the New York Times were
actually trustworthy independence would
be up near 100% are you'd figure
Republicans would be 100% against
Democrats would be 100% for and
independence would be 100% for cuz
independents are independent minded
instead it turns out that the New York
Times can only get about 6 and 10 even
from independence but I guess we're
supposed to believe that all of the
distrust of the media began with
President Trump and that's what the
Boston Globe says the Boston Globe says
that the president is stoking domestic
division for political and personal gain
he's asking his audiences to follow him
into fantasia his they quote President
Trump saying this just stick with us
don't believe the crap you see from
these people the
newse just remember what you're seeing
in what you're reading is not what's
happening and the Boston Globe says this
sounds like George Orwell's 1984 the
problem of course is that the media have
been engaged in undermining their own
credibility for quite a while now the
the suggestion that the media are just
good stewards of the truth and that only
when President Trump levels these unfair
nasty attacks and people that's when
things go wrong it's just not true in
any sense there's no evidence for it
okay the in fact the evidence is all on
the other side Republicans have been
anti media since long before I was born
you know I was writing about how
terrible the media was when I first
started writing when I was 17 years old
the media has been garbage when it comes
to reporting an objective truth for as
long as I have been alive and as long as
many of the people in this audience have
been alive and then they're shocked when
President Trump says this is all fake
news and then people will start to
ignore the news well President Trump
wasn't going to leave well enough alone
President Trump jumped on Twitter and
did what President Trump does best
that's right
Jude said some crap
because that's a shtick right as they
say many times on the show the president
on his headstone you know when his time
comes after 120 years when the president
goes on his headstone it'll say 45th
presidents of the United States he sent
a lot of crap so here is what President
Trump had says had to say that the fake
news media is the opposition party it is
very bad for a great country but we are
winning and it's hard not to see the
fake news media as the opposition party
when 300 of them are coordinating to
attack the administration and to attack
Trump remember what President Trump has
done in terms of policy to crack down on
the news media is not even remotely
comparable to what the Obama
administration actually did to crack
down on certain members of the news
media they legitimately wiretapped
people like James Rosen at Fox News they
wiretap The Associated Press so
president from says many things but I
think a lot of us become background
noises the truth most Americans know
that when President Trump says stuff
it's because he says a lot of stuff but
don't worry he said more stuff so here
is what he said he said now this one is
real galaxy brain I I can't
really I pulled over this one for a
while and I couldn't come to any clear
conclusion as to what it's supposed to
say maybe we are just maybe maybe he's
operating on a different plane I mean I
think he is but I don't think it's the
way that most people think is here's why
he says the Boston Globe which was sold
to the failing New York Times for one
point three billion dollars plus eight
hundred million dollars in losses and
investment or 2.1 billion dollars was
then sold by the Times for $1
now the globe is in collusion with other
papers and Free Press prove it
I sort of feel like Winona Ryder at the
Oscars just kind of looking around
randomly trying to figure out what
exactly this is supposed to mean I mean
it is good to know the president can add
together 1.3 billion and 800 million
that's good
hey that part of his math is good but I
don't know what the rest of this tweet
means I am not I'm not sure and then
what I like at the very end is when he
says prove it like he's gonna say prove
it Inspector Clouseau is gonna bust
through the doors like I have the proof
right Sherlock Holmes is going to wander
in Ozone say sir I've proven it like I
don't I don't understand what this is
but you know president saying stuff and
the stuff continues so he finishes up
this way he says there is nothing that I
would want more for our country then
true freedom of the press the fact is
that the press is free to write and say
anything it was but much of what it says
is fake news pushing a political agenda
or just plain trying to hurt people
honesty wins okay so again I have a lot
of sympathy for this position there's a
certain irony just to be perfectly frank
and the president placing in all capital
letters letters honesty wins but I mean
even with that said what he is saying is
basically true and the media cannot
fathom why it is that so many people do
not trust them well the clearest example
of why people do not trust the
mainstream media to be found is the
narrative over the past 48 hours over
the taking away of John Brennan security
clearance so John Brennan was the head
of the CIA under Barack Obama and John
Brennan is a garbage heap John Brennan
is just terrible
John Brendan lied to the American
Congress any full-scale lied to them he
said that people weren't being
surveilled when they were being a
surveilled and John Brennan was
instrumental in pushing information that
was not good enough to actually indict
President Trump on or to get the Trump
campaign on with regard to collusion he
was instrumental in pushing all of that
information over to Harry Reid he was
instrumental in making sure that all of
it hit the press and then he goes on
television and he says a lot of things
about how collusion is real he has an
editorial in the New York Times today
about how collusion is real I kid you
not write it it's a full-on editorial
and the title of it is President Trump's
claims of no collusion are hogwash that
is the name of the column and then he
goes through about 800 words and you're
waiting for him to actually prove this
thing okay well if you are the big truth
teller if you are the great truth teller
who ought to retain your security
clearance maybe you ought to provide
some proof that the collusion actually
happened but you get all the way through
the article and there's nothing there
and here's what he says he says mr.
Trump's claims of no collusion are in a
word hogwash the only questions that
remain are whether the collusion that
took place constituted criminally liable
conspiracy whether obstruction of
justice occurred to cover up any
collusion or conspiracy and how many
members of Trump incorporated attempted
to defraud the government by laundering
and concealing the movement of money
into their pockets now I need to take
that more slowly so you understand how
absurd that statement is ray says
there's no the claims have no clue janar
hogwash the only things we have to know
are were there what did collusion happen
that's really what he's saying he's
saying absolutely collusion happened the
only question yet to be answered is
whether collusion actually happened and
then he cites Paul Manafort who there
are no accusations in Paul Manafort
trial that Paul Manafort actually
colluded with the Russians to affect the
election in any way that is not part of
Paul Manafort trial by the way Paul
Manafort may get off the jury sent a
note to the judge today asking the
definition of reasonable doubt I used to
work in a prosecutor's office that's
never a good sign
he says that Rick Gates raises Rick
Gates has involved inclusion again there
is no evidence that Rick Gates is
involved in any collusion between the
Trump campaign and the Russian
government all of the charges with
regard to mana four and gates predate
their involvement with the Trump
campaign but Brendon concludes his piece
in The New York Times thusly he says mr.
Trump clearly has become more desperate
to protect himself in those close to him
which is why he made the politically
motivated decision to revoke my security
clearance in an attempt to scare into
silence others who might dare challenge
him yes clearly Brennan has been
frightened into silence in the pages of
the New York Times clearly the president
has been over successful at shutting
John Brennan down say says that it's
important that the special counsel does
work so the entire left has come out in
support of John Brennan ignoring the
fact that John Brennan has been a
corrupt official that he has been
extraordinarily political since leaving
office and honestly there should be a
blanket rule that when you leave office
and you're no longer part of the
administration you probably should lose
your security clearance anyway I'm very
confused I'm confused by folks who say
that there's some sort of right to keep
your security security clearance after
you leave off it's like do you really
think the Trump administration is gonna
call up John Brennan for advice it's
never going to happen there's no reason
for any of that to happen but the media
have jumped on this with both feet and
we'll get to that in just a second but
first let's talk about the possibility
of an emergency when an emergency
strikes what is your first impulse if
your answer is run to the grocery store
you're likely to find chaos and nothing
but empty shelves how do you avoid all
of this well it's pretty easy
use today and you make a plan you're
prepared and one practical place to
start is storing up food in your home
you can trust my Patriot supply for your
food storage so you'll be ready for
earthquakes hurricanes long term power
outages and more here's a great special
that makes it simple every person in
your household should have a two-week
emergency food supply from my Patriot
supply these kids are just 75 bucks
right now
they contain 92 servings of breakfasts
lunches and dinners take action call
eight eight eight eight oh three 14 13
or go to my special website prepare with
been calm listen the government
recommends they have some food in your
house in case of emergency because they
may not be able to get to you and you
never want to be reliant on the
government anyway this makes sure that
you and your family are safe if god
forbid people can't get to you and you
need food the food lasts up to 25 years
in storage meals compact in a rugged
slimline tote - it is only 75 bucks rest
tonight knowing that you're prepared
order your food kit
888 803 1413 or at prepare with Ben comm
make sure you are not left unprepared
prepare with Ben calm so the argument
from the left with regard to John
Brennan is that John Brennan actually
had a right to keep his security
clearance now President Trump did what
President Trump does as I've said many
times he said stuff about this now he
didn't actually have to say stuff about
this what he should have just said is ya
chump Brendan didn't like that guy he
worked for the Obama administration
don't trust him no security clearance
instead he decided that he was going to
do a 20-minute impromptu interview with
The Wall Street Journal
I swear I'm being president from Sandler
it's like watching my two and a half
year old son
hey you just did I'm rooting for him but
I know that if I don't watch him for
five seconds he's gonna break his face
on something so he told the Wall Street
Journal during this 20 minute impromptu
interview who said I called the rigged
witch hunt a sham and these people let
it so I think it's something that had to
be done
okay well that's partially true but the
problem is when it makes it look like
it's a political hit when it looks like
you're pursuing a political hit against
your political opponents people are
likely going to complain about it and
complain that their First Amendment
rights have been violated that you're
discriminating against them on the basis
of their politics from a governmental
point of view all he had to do is just
say listen John Brennan security
clearance is gone instead he listed
basically all the people he doesn't like
and then he said I'm taking your
security security clearance which wasn't
supremely smart however the overblown
reaction to this is truly something to
watch
so John Brennan right who is a
hysterical hisi just pissy human being
John Brennan goes on national television
and he starts ranting and raving about
tyrants and despots remember this is the
guy who lied to the Congress of the
United States about whether he is spying
on you and he is talking about how it's
tyrannical despotism for his security
clearance that he hasn't used in over
two years to be removed from him John
Brennan one of the geniuses of our age
I've seen this type of behavior and
actions on the part of foreign tyrants
and despots and autocrats for many many
years during my CIA and a security
career I never ever thought that I would
see it here in the I stay absolutely
how dare somebody remove a piece of
paper he wasn't using and that he had no
right to have in the first place how
dare this happened and the media of
course blow this up to gargantuan
proportions they find everyone they can
to come out and talk about this the
latest person who they have brought out
to talk about this he's retired Admiral
William McRaven most famous for having
been the guy who oversaw the the
operation that ended with the death of
Osama bin Laden so there's a full op-ed
in the Washington Post by Admiral
McRaven talking about how terrible it is
that John Brennan security clearance was
removed and here is what his op-ed had
to say he said few Americans have done
more to protect this country than John
he is a man of unparalleled integrity
whose honesty and character have never
been in question except by those who
don't know him and people who watch TV I
mean Admiral McRaven did some wonderful
things but Admiral McRaven is in fact a
Democrat who doesn't like President
Trump he's spoken out against President
Trump many times before and yet this is
being touted as some sort of great
evidence that President Trump did
something deeply wrong now the hilarious
thing is that past administrations have
used their power to strip paperwork away
from people before you remember early on
in the Clinton administration for
example they removed a bunch of people
in the travel office in the travel
office who they didn't like and it's
called travelgate nothing ever came of
it this sort of thing isn't remarkably
uncommon but the fact that media decide
to over blow it it's just more evidence
that the media are who the media are
which is why they feel the necessity to
in unison all 300 papers unite and talk
about President Trump meanwhile the
media have decided that they're going to
increase their capacity to to go after
President Trump by continuing to push
forward Omarosa Manigault so I'm Rosa
Manigault will not leave she has now
been fired I kid you not
she was fired let's see twice by the
Clinton administration you know that did
you she worked for the she worked for
Gore in the Clinton administration she's
fired twice by the Clinton
administration then she was fired three
