it's so strange how you think your
careers gonna go somewhere and I've
always kind of wanted to do TV but it
was because of that do writing for free
at The Huffington Post was what got me a
job but here we are in the Sunday
special with Greg Gutfeld and I can't
wait to dive into an exploration of his
brand new best-selling book the Gutfeld
monologues we'll get to that in just one
second but first let's talk about your
impending death so life insurance is
very important it is also incredibly
confusing which is why four out of ten
people don't have it maybe you're one of
those people and you're too lazy you
think I'm not going to die but then you
die and your family's poor well if
anything were to happen it is important
that your loved ones are taken care of
besides life insurance rates are indeed
the lowest they have been in 20 years
the best time to buy is now the best
place to buy is policy genius.com
policy genius is the easy way to compare
life insurance online in just five
minutes you can compare quotes from the
top insurers and find the best policy
for you when you compare quotes you save
money it is that simple policy genius
has helped over 4 million people shop
for insurance they've placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage they don't
just make life insurance easy they also
compare disability insurance and renters
insurance and health insurance if you
care about it they cover it so if you've
been putting off getting life insurance
there's no reason to put it off any
longer go to policy genius.com get
quotes apply in minutes it is indeed
that easy you can do it right now while
you're sitting here and you should
because rates are their lowest in 20
years policy genius is the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance go check
it out right now I've used policy genius
myself I've explored it is easy it is
fun
well fun might be an overstatement but
it is worthwhile go check it out policy
genius com that's policy genius com let
them know that we sent you alright Greg
thanks so much for stopping by I really
appreciate it my pleasure thanks for
having me check out this book folks if
you haven't checked out this book it's
because you're stupid this book is
already nearing the top of the
bestseller list and there are times in
the Wall Street Journal the Gutfeld
monologues it has many pictures of Greg
Gutfeld yes notice it's glossy - it's a
book that is matte and gloss Wow I know
it just has all the qualities that well
you need to read a book by its cover
yes exact has all of the clothes from
The Brady Bunch
so are these actual live photos from the
set or no we recreated them because I
don't think we were allowed so I said
just find I find me sit me down make me
talk and then that's what happened
so the book is really clever for those
who have not picked it up yet well the
book is is it starts off with this this
long essay about president Trump's
election that I wanna get into with you
in just a minute here
but it also goes through a bunch of your
old monologues and it has your sort of
commentary on your old model right which
is really it's like the Talmud of Greg
Gutfeld monologue is really it's really
great that way and I think it's a useful
exercise that I think honestly most
pundits should do because going back and
looking at your old stuff in determining
what was stupid was hard it was like
because I didn't remember a lot of the
stuff that I said I'm incredibly
repetitive so if you're on TV every
single day you don't really realize how
repetitive you are that same kind of
jokes that you make and I would go
through and I go God some of these jokes
are just so hacky like every time I was
I would talk about a left-winger I would
mention like a piercing or patchouli I
just I would just drive into that that
Lane and I'm going I got it so that so I
decided in this book to call myself out
so there's like half of the book or the
monologues and the other half of just me
saying this is stupid this is wrong
whoo you got it right here a lot it was
like basically I'm heckling my own book
and uh but it's weird I when I go back
and I see what I've written there's a
2,000 of them so I had to pick up like
two hundred out of there but it was it's
it's just interesting how there's a lot
of the things kind of like foretold what
we're going through now the stuff about
Law & Order there's a chapter on Law &
Order and terror it's all about national
security and insecurity and fear in
general that I kind of noticed a trend
and I want to talk to you a lot about
the book I want to start by laying out
sort of your life story how do you get
here because a lot of people have seen
you on the five obviously and a lot of
people know you from your work in a
variety of media including obviously in
the book area but how did you how did
you get here in the first place how'd
you go from a guy who is writing comedy
to a guy who's now on Fox News every
it's really weird because I wasn't I
wasn't a comedy writer I you know I
started at the American Spectator as a
staff assist in the late 80s but I was a
fitness editor at Prevention magazine
which was the world's largest Fitness
back health magazine no longer exists I
jumped to men's health and I became the
editor of men's health I was their
creative director so I'm a magazine guy
people think that I'm like a comedian
but I don't I never done stand-up I
never called myself one because I think
that if you're a comedian has to perform
and I don't I don't stay
up in front of people so I would never
do call myself that and also I have
comedians on my show and in deference to
them and out of respect to what they do
of getting heckled and doing five sets a
night I'm not a comedian so I was a
writer and for men's health I went to
stuff magazine in America and and did
that and got fired over something and
then I could look up you can look up
that it's all the little people and then
I and then I they kicked me out and I
lived in LA for a while and became their
director of brand development for Dennis
publishing and then from there I became
editor-in-chief of Maxim UK in in London
and that was when when magazines were
dying especially men's magazines I I
hopped on that dying horse and drove it
right into the ground
and then I was kind of like not
unemployed but I got a contract to write
a book about England and I was living
there and I had been writing for this is
how I got here this is the this is the
strangest thing it has nothing to do
with anything that I've done it has to
do with pure luck Matt Lee Bosch you
know we get standard emails me and says
hey Arianna Huffington do you know her I
go yeah she's starting a blog with this
other guy Andrew Breitbart and whatever
and I they asked me to do it and I I
can't Krystal won't let me do you want
to do it now yeah yeah sure so I email
Arianna and she's you know she says oh
yeah it's this thing whatever write
whatever you want of course we don't pay
you and I'm in London I'm like eight
what is it eight hours ahead I can't
remember from California so I just start
writing stupid stuff I wrote a recipe
for lemon squares and I wrote a
lost-and-found thing for every name at
at The Huffington Post like things that
they've lost and I would just send them
and I didn't realize that they showed up
first because I was way ahead and they
got they got the most attention because
I was them I was not a liberal I wasn't
crazy I wasn't progressive and I was
making fun of them mm-hmm and that's how
I met Breitbart cuz and rube would call
me up and go Greg you can't say that you
can't say that you can't say that about
Ariana then five minutes later he'd call
me back and he goes I apologize for
saying that say whatever the hell you
want and we became fast friends and I
think he was the one who told the Fox
people in LA about me and those guys
emailed one dude in London and I met a
guy for a drink at a
bar and the next thing you know I was
flown over to New York I met John moody
I met Roger Ailes
and it it was it happened like that they
made me a contributor and then I sat
down in a meeting they flew in my wife
and I moved we got a hotel and we I sat
across from John moody with the
expectation that this whatever I was
doing which later became red I would
take a year or six months you feel it
out whatever and it just goes okay so
we're gonna start tomorrow we're just
gonna do shows all right yeah and
they're like do you have any friends
that guests and like what it does I mean
it's like I think and like they didn't
have any staff it was just me and I'm
like going to go you negotiate just call
some friends I got to get a director we
got together and I'm like I'm going this
is I'm not having a panic attack sitting
in this office and so I go like holy
crap
I called bill Schultz pill Schultz with
a features editor at stuff magazine when
I was there and he was very funny you
know he's not he's just not a TV but
like he doesn't he's not TV ready he's
more like bar ready all the time I had
grabbed him and then this other dude
Andy levy was leaving me comments on the
Huffington Post Mike Huffington Post
buck I hired that I hide so this is the
only time in history where you could get
a job from a comment like nobody liked
when you're doing comments on a blog
dude there's no hope for you except for
one time in the universe
somebody got a job and so he got a TV
gig so it was Andy bill and me and we it
was a it was a terrible show for like
three or four months and then all of a
sudden you just kept doing it then it
got better and all the sudden became
this cult favorite we were introducing
all kinds of people to the world
Breitbart was on you were on it people
like Andrew W K Amy Schumer a crowd or
you name it and it kind of took off and
then they gave me and then they gave me
a chance from the five initially on the
five I was just gonna be the fool which
was you know do a monologue at the end
of the show and and that's it and but I
kind of like said no way I'm gonna talk
about everything and till five just took
off and that was amazing and then I got
the other show on Saturdays it's pretty
amazing story and I should
that I actually followed from a fire
what was going on with you because I was
working with Andrew at the time a little
bit and it was like yeah there's this
guy Gutfeld you definitely do read all
his stuff it's amazing and I just
recommended him for this job it's cool
it's cool hearing the first person story
I always heard the third person yeah
yeah it was nuts and that means the
stuff we would him and I would go back
and forth writing the most outlandish
stuff and it was like it was weird it
was like it's so strange how you think
your careers gonna go somewhere and I've
always kind of wanted to do TV but it
was because of that do writing for free
at The Huffington Post was what got my
job who got me a job and MATLAB ash
reading a blog called the black table
which was a Jada Larry oh and will leach
if you were on earth remember those
names they were ended up at Gawker but
that was an interview they did with me
that Lai Bosch saw and it was it's just
I guess what's weird is that none of my
prior work experience man it was just
writing for free was what did it so what
shaped your politics because obviously
people think of you as like the funny
guy first you have a pretty strong
political point of view so how did you
get where you are political I was in
high school I was naturally a liberal I
was I went to Sarah High School in San
Mateo all-boys school and you could get
extra credit for doing certain things in
certain classes and one of them was
campaigning for the nuclear freeze so I
was in the I I did that you get
signatures for that and I don't know if
anybody remembers that it was I think
was Alan Cranston was behind it but it
was to ban like the delivery banned
nuked any kind of nuclear arms from
California that's what a typical
California thing you can't transport him
so I would get stand in front of you
know church and get signatures so I was
a liberal and then I got to Berkeley and
I got I was around real real liberals
but more important and I know that you
understand this because you and I have
talked about this it's not a bad idea
gee so much as it is about the mob and
so with at Berkeley I saw the mob I saw
I was I didn't see one liberal I said I
saw a thousand and it's scary when you
see a mob in and then I often said that
the mob exists elsewhere too like you I
think you we've noticed it in this 2016
election when you felt like there was
this overpowering you know Trump issed
thing and that kind of made me like a
whoa like if you say something on the
internet you get this swarm and I
realized maybe it was for people
that's what I was me and Dana was
talking about saying it really was bots
and for people that's what it was but
it's amazing but so I'm always I think
my politics are shaped by the mob if I
sense that there's this weird imitation
behavior going on it kind of freaks me
out a little bit I mean I think it
freaks out most people but it just drove
me out of the left and it kind of drove
me out of the right into more of a
libertarian phase but you even have a
little bit of that in libertarianism
anywhere any place that there's a bunch
of people who want you to believe in
something but I think I'm more like a
reason magazine type political person I
think that you know what you say about
most people thinking individually I wish
that were true I'm gonna fight you on
that I think that it's actually what I
found more in and this has been the
great disappointment to me of my life
over the past five six years is the
extent to which people will follow an
institution so long as they think the
institution is important that's true
whether you're talking about Penn State
football or whether you're talking about
a political party people just feel the
necessity to defend any institution
especially they feel the institution is
threatened from the outside yeah another
institution and that's what I think is
scary about politics right now yeah
politics is team sport it really is and
you know you wear that now you wear the
colors and and and if somebody
it's weird I think you've learned I
think the left started this I'm gonna
say yeah I know it's petty but I think
they started it with the old Krauthammer
observation who said that you know when
you're right you think they're wrong but
the left think you're evil no question
so that's how the Raiders look at the
49ers and the Mets look at the Yankees
you're evil you're not just wrong you
are evil and I'll kick your ass you
outside of the game and that's happened
you know people get massive fights over
grown men millionaires who don't even
know you exist and that in a way that's
a lot like politics you know these are
grown men millionaires who don't know to
know you exist but I guess I lost my
train of thought here where was I going
to say about the tribalism in other
tribal show the tribalism is something
that it it's it's making it so that
people can't be friends with each other
and I think that began with the left
because it became personal like politics
is personal
among the left but for conservatives you
have other things going on right you go
if you're religious you have that and
that's actually a larger part of
your life family and liberals have
families but it always is if you're an
activist the personal is political and
so they turn that on you are evil but it
seems to me that you have to build a
sense of community around something and
if a religious person like if you ask me
what's my community yeah my commute
probably the Orthodox Jewish community
in which I live right because if God
forbid I lost all my money tomorrow yeah
the people who I'd be going to for
charity are those folks but if you're on
the Left where's the sense of community
coming from except from this shared
sense of politics yeah yeah yeah my
community is the unicorn community
that's like I've noticed that people
into unicorns are like they cut across
all like I can have leftists who can't
Sammy but they dig that he's the unicorn
guy so it's like just a very strange
thing with that but it is true people
want communities that the issue is
though like you got it like people are
too close to the fire yeah whether
you're anted like the never Trumper and
the always Trumper are can be
interchangeable because they're just too
close to the fire the only thing we were
talking about Andrew Breitbart the only
way out of that is humor is like we
talked about you and I talked about this
a while ago my podcast said like no
matter what how Breitbart would feel
about Trump he would find it hilarious
no question I'd feel that way about my
mother - my mom probably would have
started off with the debates and she
would go out she'd probably call me up
cuz she died five years ago four years
she'd be like oh I can't believe what
this guy is saying did you and then
everyday would become did you hear what
he said and she'd be chuckling and
that's how I think he worked on a lot of
people was like it was just entertaining
and it was funny if he take it seriously
and I think that's the key people are
taking this too seriously
and when you talked about your community
that prevents you from taking it too
seriously
because you have a community that offers
you more and I mean it's been all so I
see this you know III have to check
myself you know I'm married I don't have
kids I can easily just get full bore and
think about this crap all the time I
could think about it I could get it I
could lie awake it in the middle of the
night and think about what am I gonna
say and I realize it's really important
to be like my wife is not political and
she'll just say stop it it's not that
it's nothing it's stupid she just
folks a hole in it and then I'm gonna
write your right and go out hang out
with people go like I love music I do
that stuff but I think the distance from
this is really really important and
that's what my neck after I'm already
think about my next book ain't gonna be
about politics I don't know what might
be about the Brady Bunch
that'd be fine already okay before we go
any further I first have to talk about
your online security so with all the
recent news about online security
breaches it's pretty hard not to worry
about where your data is going where my
data is going making an online purchase
simply accessing your email it could put
your private information at risk you are
being tracked online by social media
sites sorry to tell you about this
marketing companies your mobile or your
internet provider not only can they
record your browsing history they're
often selling it to other corporations
who want to profit from your information
which is why everything's free online
that's why I decided to take back my
privacy by using expressvpn expressvpn
has easy to use apps they were unseemly
in the background of your computer phone
and tablet turn you on expressvpn
protection it only takes one click and
