a British anti-islam commentator gets
arrested the media claimed the president
Trump is out to get immigrant children
and Louis Farrakhan makes him
weirdly pro Trump noises I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
I hope you had a wonderful Memorial Day
weekend I hope you took a few moments
out yesterday to pay tribute to our
fallen troops who have died so that we
can be here doing all sorts of fun
things and exercising our American
liberties but I have a lot to get to
today in the news and before we get to
any of that I first want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at man Crais now
you've heard me talk about man crates
before man crates is the best gift a
dude can get because here's the problem
with Father's Day dad isn't gonna tell
you what to get them and you're gonna
get them the same gift every year it's
gonna be a crappy mug that you made at
some sort of
pottery shop well don't do that instead
go over to man crates what what exactly
are man crates will they're hand-picked
and packaged gifts for every type of dad
they've the knife making kit for the
hands-on dad or the whiskey appreciation
kit for dads who like the finer things
or just don't want to deal with you
today most gifts ship in a sealed wooden
crate with a crowbar
so yeah sure you get to pry the man
crate open with your manly muscles in
front of everyone
when's the last time you gave your dad a
gift he needed a crowbar to open it is a
thing for men and with man crates you're
giving to have more than a gift you're
giving him a gift experience it really
is very cool they have all sorts of
different gifts I have the poker set one
day I will make friends and then we will
play with the poker set that I got from
man crate sometime in the future
it came in ammo can it really is super
cool man crates come with a 100%
satisfaction guarantee and get your
special Father's Day discount today at
man crates calm slash Ben it's a limited
time offer only for Father's Day go
today that's man crates calm slash Ben
use that slash Ben so we know they said
so they know we sent you man crates calm
/ban all right so there's a lot of news
breaking today but the big news over the
weekend is one that is going oddly
unnoticed by the mainstream media that
of course is the arrest of a alt-right
far-right activist named Tommy Robinson
who is reportedly jailed after filming
outside of a child grooming trial in
Britain so Tommy Robinson's very
controversial figure it's hard to figure
out exactly where he stands he's sort of
on the fringes of the right he was the X
founder of the English Defence League
he's been arrested in the past for some
violent run-ins with with the police
he's been at rallies that involve
anti-semites but now he is pro-israel so
he's sort of all over the place a little
bit and he's made some comments that are
actually particularly egregious in the
past he's blamed all Muslims for
terrorists for terrorist attacks etc
but one thing that he's been doing
lately is backed off of some of those
comments and one thing he's been doing
lately is he's been going outside of
these grooming trials in Britain so for
people who haven't been following this
there's been a series of scandals in
Britain where it turns out that there
were Muslim men radical Muslims
religious Muslims who were who were
apparently grooming young children to be
essentially gang raped in a couple of
locations in Britain and these were
largely covered up by the local police
we've talked about a little bit on the
show before they were covered up by
local police or at least they weren't
fully investigated by local police the
press refused to cover them because they
were afraid of the anti Islamic backlash
they were afraid would ensue well here
is what happened this guy Tommy Robinson
who again is a kooky fellow he sort of
milo gianopolous Lite he was arrested
and reportedly jailed on Friday after he
filmed members of an alleged child
grooming gang entering a court for trial
so he was standing outside he was
filming them apparently in Britain
you're not allowed to do this because
they are afraid that it will bias the
jurors if you actually film people
outside so here is video of him being
arrested for literally standing outside
of a court and holding a cell phone in
fact someone later handed us on the
outside me about my mother and Here I am
being arrested for say nothing so the
judges in the past have arrested him
before he was arrested
hanging a year ago in a similar case
where he was filming outside of a
courthouse in Leeds he apparently went
into the courthouse in this case he
didn't go inside the courthouse the
judge in that case said that Tommy
Robinson could have been responsible for
biasing the jurors now think about this
from an American perspective the press
are constantly going to courthouses and
filming outside courthouses as
defendants walk in there were all sorts
of pictures just last week of Harvey
Weinstein walking into a police station
being arrested walking out there was no
suggestion that all of the media who are
reporting Harvey Weinstein's arrest were
somehow contributing to an atmosphere of
say anti-semitism why because that's
idiotic it's insane to say that you
can't report on trials it's ridiculous
to suggest you can't say things that
obviously are public import in matters
concern
in some cases what appears to be a
guarded culture of the police protecting
certain people in order to prevent
Islamophobia or whatever this is well
here is what gets even crazier about the
story so Tommy Robinson is arrested and
then an order comes down from the court
it's now been reversed but the original
order from the court was you were not
allowed to report on Tommy Robinson's
arrest because if you reported on Tommy
Robinson's arrest then you'd be biasing
the jurors in his case ok well this
doesn't sound like V for Vendetta kind
of stuff I don't know what does this
sort of weirdly dystopian nonsense where
you can't report on a trial because it
involves radical Muslims who are
allegedly raping children and then if
you do report and you are arrested then
we can't report on your arrest because
then that might bias the jurors in your
case so according to a source to talk to
Fox News they say the time Robinson was
jailed in hoe prison the prison declined
to comment to Fox News on whether
Robinson was there Leeds Crown Court
also did not return a quest for
information according to the independent
Robinson was already on a suspended
sentence for contempt of court over a
gang rape case in 2017 the judge in the
case on Friday slapped a reporting ban
on the case again this is something that
only happens in Britain we don't have
this sort of thing in the United States
there bans on having reporters inside
courtrooms sometimes sometimes they
won't allow cameras in the courtroom but
there is no idea that you can't report
on a case okay in the United States
everyone can report on a case so long as
the courtroom isn't closed and you can
report what's going on outside the
courtroom well the judge in the case
slapped a reporting ban on the case the
order bans reporters from reporting on a
case if there is reason to believe the
reporting could prejudice a trial
there's had a vague and insane that
standard is that if you believe the
reporting could prejudice a trial you
can't report on it every report could
possibly affect a trial every single
report and you report about anything
going on in the world could
theoretically impact a trial it's one of
the reasons why in the United States we
often have jury sequestration were in
the OJ case for example you put up
people at a particular hotel and then
you cut out the cable so that's
presumably they're not supposed to get
any sort of information from the outside
I have serious questions as to whether
even that is constitutional but at least
in the United States there's no ban on
the reporting there are restrictions on
the jurors as to what they can see but
it isn't that CNN or MSNBC or Fox News
can't report on a given trial
that's insane so what happened a bunch
of news outlets in the UK removed their
reporting from their websites to comply
with the gag order
most remaining reporting in the UK
comments
Robinson's arrest but not on his
purported sentencing sources with
knowledge of Robinson's case spoke on
condition of anonymity in part because
if you're that they would then be
arrested for contempt well remember this
is the country of Magna Carta this is
the country of Edmund Burke this is the
country of John Locke is the country
where Liberty of speech where Liberty of
thought was born and now we were being
told he can't even report on cases in
Britain if it should by his people if it
should bias the jurors one of these
sources told Fox that Tommy Robinson's
lawyer warned that considering the
presence of Muslim gang members in
prison a 13-month sentence was
tantamount to a death sentence Tommy's
lawyer said he will likely die in jail
given his profile on previous credible
threats the judge basically said he
doesn't care the source said he
sentenced him to 13 months in prison but
we don't have that confirmed but there's
no way to confirm it because we can't
report on it so who knows what's been
said at this point it is certainly true
that Tommy Robinson has had run-ins with
Muslims before he was jailed for a for a
brief period of time a few years back
and he lost all of his front teeth in a
brawl apparently allegedly with some
Muslim prisoners hey so it's good to
know that Britain is really concerned
with the values that bore Britain rather
the the fascists and the fascism that
that Britain fought for decades it
hasn't won in any way it's just that
Britain has now voluntarily condemning
its own citizens to be jailed for
reporting on cases and if your report on
the report then all of a sudden you're
in even more trouble but here's the good
news the good news is that Britain
really has its priorities straight
because at the same time they're
preventing Tommy Robinson from actually
reporting on these cases and then
preventing people from reporting on the
table in Robinson case at least Ireland
has voted to go full ahead with with
allowing abortion up to the 20th week so
there was a a massive there was a
massive referendum passed two to one in
Ireland to get rid of the country's
abortion ban so they had a ban on
abortion that went all the way back to
inception because there was a right to
life to consumption there was a right to
life in the Irish Constitution right
said I think it was section 8 article 8
of the of the Irish Constitution that
says that there's a right to life that
extends to the unborn
well that was done away with over the
weekend in a massive procession the the
Irish people came out and they stood in
front of that they stood in front of the
Prime Minister's office and here's a
picture of the prime minister of Ireland
celebrating along with these thousands
of people out there in the street
it's just supposed to be amazing he
tweeted it out and and what he said was
that this was just an incredible crowd
he took our fantastic crowds at Dublin
Castle a remarkable day a quiet
revolution has taken place a great act
of democracy so let's be straight about
this the great act of democracy is
allowing the unborn to be killed in the
womb the great act of democracy is not
protecting people reporting on trials
okay this is not this is the end of
Western civilization I mean this really
is the suicide the slow suicide of
Western civilization Western
civilization European civilization the
land on which individual rights were
born okay those are those rights are now
being killed
piece by piece they're being destroyed
piece by piece they're being carved up
and buried piece by piece you may not
like Tommy Robinson you may think he's a
schmuck I think he sort of is but that
doesn't make a difference
what the time he Robinson case shows you
is that Europe's idea of its own rights
they've been completely overturned
they've been completely overthrown
instead it's tolerance and
multiculturalism and diversity that
matters it's protection of feelings not
protection of rights the unborn they can
be killed on mass and you will have
hundreds of thousands of people in the
streets celebrating but if a guy gets
arrested for covering a trial there's
only a couple of hundred protesters
outside Parliament yeah that says
something about the state of Western
civilization and it's not pretty
in other good news at least the EU is
proposing banning all sorts of plastic
products that's also deeply important
the EU has proposed banning plastic
products like comment and the cotton
buds straws stirs and balloon sticks
when alternatives are easily available
in an attempt to reduce litter spoiling
beaches and ocean beds the European
Commission said its proposal would seek
to cut marine litter in half of the ten
for the ten most prominent items and
avoid environmental damage estimated at
over 250 billion dollars over the next
dozen years so it's good the EU is right
on top of the stuff the EU can't prevent
mass Muslim migration from the Middle
East unvetted they can't prevent that
but they can't prevent you from using a
drinking straw so we know that their
priorities are definitely on or over in
Europe there's nothing to worry about
it's amazing Europe has seen this
upswing and this real upsurge in
right-wing sentiments and it's reflected
as this ultra nationalist sentiment is a
sentiment that makes me deeply
uncomfortable right you're seeing a lot
of far-right parties in places like
Poland and Hungary that are suddenly
beginning to see all sorts of support
you're seeing it in Britain as well that
is a reaction it is a reaction you don't
like it I don't like it a lot of people
don't like it
but to pretend that it is not a reaction
to a left that is gone completely
overboard in favor of transnational
institutions destroying individual
rights is to pretend that what is
happening is not happening okay they're
a bunch of people out there and their
response to this shouldn't be sort of
this ethno nationalist let's all get
together and ban the foreigners kind of
stuff what it should be is the only way
we can protect individual rights is with
a nationalism that suggests that we have
something to stand for and unfortunately
that's not what's happened instead what
you've gotten is the far left that's
taken over the EU which it always was
going to and it's taken over government
in Britain which it apparently was
always going to and then you've seen a
nationalist right in response this is
what makes American conservatism so
different there's no such thing as
American conservatism in Europe this is
why whenever you have discussions about
the Nazis what people tend to say on the
left is they say well they're a
right-wing group and when people on the
right will say oh no they're a left-wing
group and the truth is that by American
standards they're a left-wing group okay
the Nazis were a group of big government
fascists who wanted the government
controlling every aspect of American
life which sounds a lot more like the
American Left than like the American
right but in but in Europe the Nazis
were right-wing because they were
anti-communist there is no such thing as
an individual right States primarily in
Europe it doesn't exist anymore Britain
was the closest thing to it and Britain
has overthrown that Britain has thrown
that out America is the best of the
rights regime that that the Europeans
were supposedly the originators of and
now the Europeans have decided to do
away with that in the name of tolerance
and diversity and multiculturalism a few
years back it looked like the Europeans
were finally going to rebell in the
proper way against this David Cameron
gave a big speech about how
multiculturalism was a giant fail I mean
even Angela Merkel came out and said
multiculturalism was a giant fail but
just because they said it publicly
didn't mean they felt it privately or
that they were going to implement
policies that protected individual
rights that only come from a particular
civilization one of the great lies
that's been told by members of the
international left by a lot of folks in
Europe by a lot of folks on the American
left is that individual rights just
inherently crop up that they are
self-evident that they are not the
products of any sort of civilization and
so you can get rid of all of the
cultural hallmarks of a civilization you
can embrace multiculturalism but keep
the rights that's not how it works
if you want to embrace multiculturalism
that means that you are inevitably going
to be embracing cultures that do not
value particularly the rights that you
created have a little bit more on this
but first I want to say thanks towards
sponsors over at ring so rings mission
is to make neighborhoods safer and they
are doing it every day because today
over a million people use the amazing
ring video doorbell to help protect
their homes ring nose home security
begins at the front door it does not end
there
so now they are extending that same
level of security to the rest of your
home with ring floodlight cam we have
ring at our house by the way it is just
great it means that when I am 3,000
miles away
I can still check to see who's ringing
the doorbell because a lot of burglaries
happen in daytime somebody rings the
doorbell sees if you're home if you're
not then they rob the place well if they
ring the doorbell I can pick up no
matter where I am I can see who is there
and now ring has the ring flood like him
just like rings amazing doorbell flood
like Hammonds motion-activated camera
and floodlight it connects right to your
phone with HD video two-way audio lets
you know the moment anyone steps on your
property so you can see them you can
talk to them you can warn them you can
sound an alarm it's really great with
rings floodlight cam when things go bump
in the night you will immediately know
what it is whether you're home or away
the ring floodlight cam lets you keep an
eye on your house ring floodlight cam
offers the ultimate in home security
again those high visibility floodlights
powerful HD camera with ring you're
always at home and right now you can
save up to one hundred and fifty bucks
off that ring of security kit when you
go to rings comm slash Ben that's ring
comm slash Ben again ring that calm /
Ben when you use that / Benny get 150
bucks off your ring of security kit and
you also let them know and that we sent
you hey the real question is what sort
of values must once again crop up in
Europe to protect the rights that were
born in Europe and the answer is pride
in a civilization not pride in ethnicity
not pride in the borders of a nation not
pride even in a quote unquote common
