Republicans and one Democrat vote for
cloture on Brett Kavanaugh leftist take
to the streets Kavanagh defends himself
and Chuck Grassley unleashes I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show oh
[Music]
man do we have plenty of news for you
today plenty of commentary Wow
I mean let's just say that lots of stuff
is happening and tomorrow is going to be
fascinating because the vote is now set
on Brett Kavanaugh for Saturday we'll
get to all of that news in just a second
first a couple of quick reminders first
of all we truly appreciate you tuning in
and sharing the podcast with your
friends if you enjoy what we do please
subscribe to the Ben Shapiro show on
iTunes while you're there leave us a
five star review only five star reviews
no four stars no three stars certainly
no one stars guys if you like the show
do it if you don't don't do it it only
takes a second it does indeed help us
out and those I tune rankings which is a
lot of fun so go check that out also
let's say you need to upgrade your
business let's say that you are unhappy
with your employees for any reason Under
the Sun let's say that your producer is
a closeted serial killer and you find
that out and then you actually have to
let her go
send you let's say that all that happens
well if that were to happen then you'd
need to replace said person with a
person who was not a serial killer as
much as she's competent you know serial
killers probably shouldn't have them in
your company that's why you need zip
recruiter com zip recruiter comm has
powerful matching technology which scans
thousands of resumes identifies people
with the right skills education and
experience for your job and actively
invites them to apply so you get
qualified candidates fast no more
sorting through the wrong resumes no
more waiting for the right candidates to
apply it's no wonder zip recruiter is
rated number one by employers in the
United States and right now my listeners
can try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web address zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire zip recruiter comm
slash daily wired Dai ly w ir e zip
recruiter is indeed the smartest way to
hire and for legal purposes
Senya is not a serial killer and even if
she wore snitches get stitches man I'm
not gonna tell anybody about where she
puts those bodies it's not a thing all
right so let's jump into today's news
there is a bunch of it so we begin with
the fact that Republicans and one
Democrat just passed Brett Kavanaugh
through a cloture vote so thank you once
again Harry Reid let me just begin with
big thank you to Senator Harry Reid who
killed the filibuster on judicial
nominees way back in 2013 and Mitch
McConnell cocaine Mitch in his prescient
turtle-like fashion said at the time you
will come to regret this sooner than you
think and oh boy do Democrats regret it
right now because all it takes is 51
votes not 60 votes in order to elevate
someone to the Supreme Court the vote on
Brett Kavanaugh was closer than expected
and that is because of the politically
traitorous behavior of Lisa Murkowski of
Alaska Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted no
on cloture joe Manchin of West Virginia
who wishes to retain his seat in the
Senate voted yes that means that it is
now bipartisan opposition because of one
vote it's bipartisan opposition to
Kavanagh and also bipartisan support for
Kavanagh because of one vote basically
one meant one Democrat voted yes one
Republican voted no on cloture but this
thing is too close for comfort
wouldn't it be nice right about now if
the Alabama GOP had not nominated Roy
Moore to fill a Senate seat now give me
a little bit more breathing room I think
I'd feel a little bit happier about life
right now suffice it to say the odds are
very much on Brett Kavanaugh side in
terms of being confirmed
Jeff Flake voted YES on cloture Suzanne
Collins voted YES on cloture in order
for Cavanaugh to go down right now
basically both those people have to
switch their votes or Joe Manchin has to
switch his vote between cloture and a
final vote the final vote is designed to
take place on Saturday that is the that
is the goal
it's supposed to take place tomorrow and
Lisa Murkowski obviously is in the
crosshairs because Lisa Murkowski who
lost her primary in 2016 and then won a
write-in vote and won about 44 percent
of the vote in her election before that
in 2010 against the Libertarian
candidate she's not wildly popular in
Alaska or anything like that but she
feels pretty secure because she's not up
for reelection until 2022 and now she
gets to burnish her feminist bona fide
ease it would not be particularly
surprising if the Democrats at some
point went back the Senate say in 2020
it would not be particularly surprising
to see somebody like Lisa Murkowski
switched to independent ala Jim Jeffords
and then caucus with the Democrats in
order to preserve her seat that would
not be a giant shock so Murkowski votes
the wrong way on this
susan collins votes the right way on
cloture she has in the past voted for
cloture on particular measures and then
voted against the nominee if she were to
do that
if you were to vote in favor of cloture
and then vote against the actual measure
being taken then you would see a 50-50
tie in the Senate broken by Vice
President Pence which is about the
thinnest margin that you could put
somebody on the court by but hey almost
only counts in horseshoes and
hand-grenades and this is neither so as
long as he gets confirmed that's all
that matters in the end Joe Manchin of
course has a lot of pressure on him but
he also understands that if he votes
against Cavanaugh he loses his seat he
is up for re-election in five minutes
here and the folks in West Virginia are
not going to go along with Joe Manchin
if he if he were to undercut Brett
Kavanaugh on this matter also in other
breaking news this morning this is an
insane story that underscores the
vagaries of the allegations against
Brett Kavanaugh in the first place
Kristine Blasi Ford was the woman who
made those allegations there's a new
story from The Wall Street Journal that
is truly a shocking story and is getting
under-covered of course by a lot of
folks in the mainstream they're saying
well a lot of people in right-wing media
they're picking up on it everyone should
be picking up on it because it's a kind
of crazy story here's the story from The
Wall Street Journal quote a friend of
Christine Blasi Ford told the FBI
investigators that she felt pressured by
dr. Ford's allies to revisit her initial
statement that she knew nothing about an
alleged sexual assault by a teenage
Brett Kavanaugh which she later updated
to say she believed but couldn't
corroborate dr. Ford's accounts
according to people familiar with the
matter let me be clear what that means
that means that people close to Kristine
Blasi Ford called up Leland Kaiser who
was the only witness that that
essentially Ford brought forth and who
had denied that she knew anything about
the party or knew Brett Kavanaugh at all
and Ford's people called up Kaiser and
tried to get her to change her story
they pressured her to change her story
in order to go after Brett Kavanaugh
that's fully crazy and if it happened on
the other side if it was Brett Kavanaugh
calling people up saying I need you to
change your story and say that you
denied it people would be saying wow
that guy is evil okay think that that to
try and pressure somebody to change a
story in order to convict someone either
in the court of public opinion or in
court may in fact be criminal activity
where I mean it's against somebody to
change their story for the FBI that's
putting pressure on an actual witness
that's those witness tampering maybe he
says that's
that's pretty dicey stuff here's what
the story says Leland Kaiser who dr.
Ford has said was present at the
gathering where she was allegedly
assaulted in the 1980s told
investigators that Monica McLean a
retired FBI agent and a friend of dr.
Ford's had urged her to clarify her
statement the people said now it is
worth noting that Monica McLean has only
come up in one other context in this
case so far so it turns out the Monica
McLean went to Ford's actual testimony
whilst we know Monica McLean's name
anybody remember quick quiz on whether
you've been up on the news and listening
to the show Monda McLean Monica McLean
was the woman who was mentioned by
Christine Blasi Ford's ex-boyfriend in
his letter when he said that Christine
Blasi Ford trains somebody to pass a
polygraph that would been Monica McLean
mana Macmillan McLean when she was
trying out for a job with the federal
government she then said that that had
never happened it also turns out that
Monica McLean is probably the
quote-unquote Beach friend that
Christine Blasi form was talking about
who urged her to approach Democrats so
Monica McLean who's a democratic
activist was involved in this thing
basically from inception the statement
to the FBI offers a glimpse into how dr.
Ford's allies were working behind the
scenes to lobby old classmates to
bolster their versions of the alleged
incident as were judged Cavanaugh's
judge Cavanaugh the Supreme Court
nomination will be debated in the Senate
Friday has denied the allegations of
sexual misconduct on Thursday a day
after sending to the White House the
report on its investigation into the
allegations against Judge Cavanaugh the
FBI sent the White House and Senate an
additional package of information that
included text messages from miss McLean
to miss Kaiser according to a person
familiar with the matter ms McLean's
lawyer david Loughman said in a
statement quote any notional claim that
miss McLean pressured Leland Kaiser to
alter Miss kaisers account of what she
recalled concerning the alleged incident
between dr. Ford and Brett Kavanaugh is
absolutely false mr. Kaiser's lawyer on
September 23rd said in a letter to the
Senate Judiciary Committee she had no
recollection of attending a party with
Judge Cavanaugh that same day she told
The Washington Post you believe dr. Ford
on September 29th
two days after dr. Florida and the judge
testified before the Senate Judiciary
Committee
miss Kaiser his attorney sent a letter
to the panel saying his client wasn't
refuting dr. Ford's accounts and that
she believed it but couldn't corroborate
it a person close to the former
classmate said it was her understanding
that mutual friends of dr. Florida and
miss Kaiser including miss McLean had
contacted Miss Kaiser after her initial
statement to warn her that her statement
was being used by Republicans to her but
the allegations against judge Cavanaugh
the friends told Miss Kaiser that if she
had intended to say she didn't remember
the party not that it had never happened
she should clarify her statement the
person said adding that the friends had
not in fact pressured miss Kaiser now
wasn't any pressure at all so good stuff
happening there from the from the
politically oriented legal team and
friends of Christine Blasi Ford this is
not obviously good for her account and
obviously chuck Grassley is taking this
stuff very seriously so chuck Grassley
who is the who is the head of the Senate
Judiciary Committee on behalf of the
Republicans he actually sent a letter to
Christine Blasi Ford's legal team and
this letter is pretty explosive stuff
for Christine Blasi Ford he basically
said why aren't you turning over any of
your records you testified about your
your psychiatrists records and then you
won't turn them over to us you'll show
them to the Washington Post but you
won't show them to us you testified
about a bunch of material that you won't
turn over to us so why why won't you
turn over any of that stuff here's what
chuck Grassley wrote to Christine
blazing Ford's lawyers quote you have
repeatedly refused to produce this
evidence to the Senate in doing so you
are preventing the Senate from
considering the evidence most crucial to
dr. Ford's allegations I don't know what
other interference we should draw from
inference we should draw from your
refusal but that the width held evidence
does not support dr. Ford's allegations
and quite the way you have claimed I
urge you once again now for the third
time in writing to turn over the therapy
notes polygraph materials and
communications with the Washington Post
that dr. Ford has relied upon as
evidence and here's where it starts to
get real dicey for legal team Ford in
addition to the evidence I requested in
my October 2nd letter in late of
recently uncovered information please
turn over records and descriptions of
direct or indirect communications
between dr. Ford or her representatives
in any of the following one US senators
or their staffs particularly the offices
of Det senators Feinstein and Hirono
other than your communications with me
and my staff in preparation for the
September 27th hearing in other words
were you coordinating with Democrats in
order to trot out a particular PR line
to the alleged witnesses identified by
dr. Ford Leland Kaiser Marc judge and
Patrick Smith in other words we think
that you've been correspond
with witnesses including Leland Kaiser
about what they ought to be saying on
this and three Debbie Ramirez Julie
sweat Nick or the representatives in
other words were you coordinating with
other people making allegations against
judge Cavanaugh Chuck Grassley does not
actually release that letter unless he's
got something his back pocket okay Chuck
Grassley is a very cautious center and
this is not a guy who's going to go out
there on a Ledge and then suggest that
all this is is some giant conspiracy
without some evidence if he is and
that's inappropriate so we will see what
arises from all of that by the way
Grassley's office did release an
executive summary of the FBI findings
the FBI findings basically said that
there was nothing so they talked to
eleven different individuals ten of whom
agreed to be interviewed that includes
mark judge PJ Smith and Li Ling Kaiser
as well as two other individuals
included on judge Cavanaugh's July 1st
1982 calendar entry remember Democrats
were suggesting that on Cavanaugh's
calendar there was a party for July 1st
1982 in which he listed some people some
of those people had crossover with some
of the people mentioned by Blasi Ford
even Blasi Ford's lawyers are now saying
it wasn't the July 1st party funny how
they only say that after the FBI
interviews all these folks at the FBI
interviews all these folks and then and
then Ford's lawyers come out and say she
would never have said that it was July
1st as a possible date some of the
people listed on his calendar she knew
well and would have remembered hmm
interesting interesting how all of that
works so again I've never suggested not
once that she was lying or making this
up I don't know the answer to that I do
know that suspicious political activity
around an allegation makes me more
suspicious of the allegation than it
otherwise would is in just a second we
will get to the chaos that is happening
on the hill right now but first let's
talk about the quality of the air that
you breathe so there's a new study that
just came out of China discovered that
air pollution causes a huge reduction in
intelligence this in addition to the
well known impacts on physical health so
if you're wondering why the country is
stupid lately maybe it's because people
haven't changed their air filters high
pollution levels led to significant
drops in test scores with language and
arithmetic the average impact equivalent
to having lost an entire year of
Education so now we know why those
protesters were out there at USC last
night this is all especially important
with 95% of the global population
breathing unsafe
err so what you need to do right now is
go to filter by comm it's America's
leading provider of HVAC filters for
homes and small businesses choose from
over 600 sizes including custom options
that chip free within 24 hours plus they
support working Americans they
manufacture all of their filters right
here in the United States save 5% when
you subscribe for auto replacement so
you will never forget to change your
filters ever again
filter by will save you time and money
you will breathe better and apparently
you'll become more intelligence in the
process which you need I mean come on
you're listening to this show how can
you keep up if you don't actually change
your air filters go to filter bu why
comm filter buy.com and tell them that
we sent you okay so we'll get to the
chaos that's been happening in
Washington DC in just one second first I
think it is worthwhile noting that
having lost on all counts here the
Democrats have turned to their final
gambit they said that Brett Kavanaugh
was a perjurer and then they said that
Brett Kavanaugh was a rapist and now
they are saying Brett Kavanaugh cried
and that makes him a baby this is it I'm
serious this is an article in The New
Yorker by a person named Michael lista
who apparently is is kind of a well a
person who repeats garbage on a regular
basis here's what he says Brett
Kavanaugh Ciara's make a kind of sense
from a single phrase by Thomas Jefferson
that public life is about life liberty
and the pursuit of happiness the
fulfillments of the white American man's
atomized desires assume the force of a
Fiat and became the ultimate purpose of
this country society so if you don't
understand what he's talking about
that's because you have a brain what
he's trying to say here is that the
phrase pursuit of happiness means that
white men get to pursue happiness but
everybody else is a giant victim and
therefore if you believe in the
Declaration of Independence it's because
you're a racist which is an insane
statement and then he says if a white
man didn't get what he wanted it was
nothing short of a constitutional crisis
in his body and his body politic both
really that's weird because it seems to
me that rape laws have been on the books
since forever since all of human history
written into America's founding document
is the franchise for a man like
Cavanaugh to weep when he isn't
fulfilled that isn't really in the
Constitution that not really have you
read it
he says in this he's less a citizen of
his society than one of its disgruntled
customers who are always right
there's an originalist argument to be
made for being a crybaby
so it's bad the Brett Kavanaugh got
emotional now what I would love is a
reverse article from this guy on
Christine Blasi Ford right who was
considered credible largely because she
was emotional during her testimony this
is really sick stuff and this is the
most common argument that I'm saying is
that Brett Kavanaugh is judicial
temperament is the real problem we're
gonna get to more of that argument in
