new New York Times editorial board
member sarahx Sean keeps her job despite
racist tweets Jim Acosta loves that dude
some Jim Acosta and president Trump
argues with Ivanka over the media I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh man we have a fun show for you today
so many things to talk about but first I
need to remind you that you need to
stock up on some precious metals again
the reality of the world suggests that
inflation is a possibility the national
debt is a serious problem that's money
that we owe other countries it's money
that we are going to have to raise
through bonds or through taxes that
could create inflation on the other end
if your entire life savings is tied to
the US dollar you have to ask yourself
what is your plan from hyperinflation if
the stilts fall out from under the
economy with higher wages there's an
increase in minimum wage across the
country too that could lead to price
inflation import prices are going to
skyrocket with trade wars raw material
prices are increasing with tariffs
rising housing prices all of this could
lead the government to actually start
printing more money which could lead to
a certain level of inflation meaning
that your savings are worth less well
this is why you ought to use some of
your money to buy gold right my savings
plan is diversified in yours should be
to the company that I trust with
precious metals purchases Birch gold
group and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
it's perfect for people who want to
protect their hard-earned retirement
savings from any future geopolitical
uncertainty look back historically when
the bottom falls out of everything gold
tends to safeguard savings Birch gold
group has thousands of satisfied
customers countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group right
now to request a free information kit on
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit reveals how gold and silver can
protect your savings it can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of risky stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA to
get that no-cost no-obligation kit just
go to birchgold.com slash pen that's
birchgold.com slash Ben there's a reason
that I trust the folks over at Birch
gold to do my precious metals investing
you should trust them as well make sure
you ask all your questions then once you
have your answers head over there get
that free information kit when you go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben go check it out
right now
okay so meanwhile let's talk a little
bit about the New York Times so the New
York Times about a year ago tried to
hire a tech reporter this tech reporter
turned out was friends with some rather
unsavory people on the Internet and
people dug up her old tweets and then
the New York Times fired this person the
New York Times however has not fired a
woman named Sarah Shum Sarah Zhang is
their new tech person on the New York
Times editorial board and
has some pretty bad tweets now as a
person who's been targeted for old
tweets it is my opinion that old tweets
should not end your career as a general
rule unless they are a revelation to the
person who hired you so for example if I
had a bunch of tweets 10 years old and
somebody had hired me and they didn't
know about my old tweets like that been
public fodder they hadn't done their
research or something and then it came
to light then firing me would not be the
end of the world if however they knew
what they were getting when they hired
me then they should not fire me over
calls to boycott they should not fire me
just on a principled level over over
them making a bad decision like the
fault of the New York Times here is the
fault of the New York Times it's not
Sarah Zhang's fault she tweeted this
stuff in the past four years and the New
York Times just didn't do its research
or if they did do their research they
obviously didn't care that's it so
that's a little bit different from for
example the Roseanne Barr situation
where ABC fully knew that Roseanne Barr
was kind of a crazy person but she then
tweeted something new and that new thing
was something that it's new information
Disney didn't have it when they decide
to hire Rosanna maybe she didn't have
one they decided to hire Roseanne and so
that sort of changes the equation well
Sarah's young all this stuff has been
known okay and here's some of the stuff
that she tweeted and I'll explain why
this matter she tweeted oh man it's kind
of sick how much joy I get out of being
cruel to old white men and she also
tweeted this dumbass effing white people
marking up the internet with their
opinions like dogs pissing on fire
hydrants right they she's just a
delightful delightful person and it's
not just restricted to that there's some
old tweets that are now surfacing about
cops where she tweeted stuff like oh boy
I sure would fight the cops with my guns
I wonder why black people haven't
thought of doing that huh and let me
know when a cop gets killed by a rock or
a Molotov cocktail or a stray shard of
glass from a precious precious window
and says when homeless people can beat
cops senseless and suffer nary a
repercussion then let's talk about
accountability going both ways so she's
an execrable human I mean she she seems
like a bad person these are not good
tweets but the New York Times knew all
this when they hired her so the New York
Times came out and they defended her
which tells you something about the New
York Times I think it is good by the way
that employers are not jumping to firing
people based on social media mobbing
this lady is a bad lady but I don't
think that it is a good thing as a
general rule for employers to start
firing people based on the social media
mob getting angry right we've seen this
from the left too many times to think
that it's any better when it comes from
the right it's just not a good idea to
have blowback
on Twitter Drive whether somebody can
hold a job or not as a general rule hey
but the New York Times released a
statement and their statement is more
telling about the New York Times than
anything else because as I say a year
ago the New York Times fired somebody
for doing exactly what seryeong did
except that she was perceived to be on
the right
Sara Jang is perceived to be on the left
so she gets to keep her job here is what
the New York Times said they said we
hired Sara Zhang because of the
exceptional work she's done covering the
internet and technology at a range of
respected publications her journalism
and the fact that she is a young asian
woman have made her subject of frequent
online harassment for a period of time
she responded to that harassment by
imitating the rhetoric of her accusers
okay this is legitimately the worst
excuse I have ever heard for why you
would treat wasted racist stuff that's
really really people were treating
racist stuff at me
so in imitation of them I decided to
tweet racist stuff back at them yeah
that that's good good excuse
bought well done guys and then the New
York Times says she now sees that this
approach only served to feed the vitriol
that we too often see on social media
she regrets it and The Times does not
condone it
we had candid conversations with Sarah
as part of our thorough vetting process
which included a review of her social
media history she understands that this
type of rhetoric is not acceptable at
the times and we are confident she will
be an important voice for the editorial
board moving forward so several things
can be true here once one I don't think
the New York Times should fire this lady
they broke it they bought it
hey they bought it they knew what she
was when they hired her they should bear
the consequences if you choose not to
subscribe to the New York Times you have
every right to do that and they should
bear the consequences of their own
decision making - does the New York
Times have a double standard you bet
your ass they have a double standard you
bet your life they have a double
standard there is no question the New
York Times has an insane double standard
not only does the New York Times have an
insane double standard
Sarah Zhong has an insane double
standard because it turns out Sarah Jean
loves at social media mobbing she's been
part of it Tim hunt you'll recall is a
former honorary professor with the
University College London School of Life
and Medical Sciences he's a Nobel Prize
winner in Physiology and medicine as
well as recipients of the Royal medal he
made a joke one time in a speech about
how young women and young mention work
in laboratories together because they
tend to fall in love how do you know
this was a joke because he was
specifically referencing the fact that
he married his lab assistants right he
met he who is a scientist in her own
right people took this as well he's
saying women shouldn't be in the
laboratory which is weird since his wife
is actually a very highfalutin
scientists in her own right he was
basically mobbed out of a job he had to
resign his job he was punished by all of
the academies of which he was a part and
here's what Sarah Jean Tong tweeted at
the time Tim hunt sad Tim hunt too sad
to do science Twitter criticized him and
he just start crying she's really a
delight and then there was John's
reaction to the firing of Benny Johnson
who now works over at the Daily Caller a
long time ago Benny was caught up in a
sort of plagiarism accusation and Sarah
Jang tweeted up lots of talented people
never make mistakes and they still have
trouble finding jobs F Benny Johnson's
Redemption well I mean I think that we
could probably apply that same logic to
Sarah Zhang and then she said this about
Justine Sacco remember Justine Sacco
does the woman PR executive who was on a
plane and she was traveling to Africa
and she tweeted something about getting
AIDS and by the time she lands it her
life had basically been destroyed she'd
tweeted this bad joke about AIDS and
suddenly she was out of a job no one
would hire her she had been made a
pariah all across the media I mean it
was is really insane people were we're
tweeting has justine landed yet and this
became a top trending twitter hashtag
because virtue signaling on twitter is
extraordinarily strong here's what Sarah
Jean tweeted about that what I'm getting
at is that what happened to Sacco was
not that bad and white America's
obsession with her is deeply telling so
that wasn't bad either it turns out that
when Barry Weiss a New York Times
columnist was mobbed for having
suggested that the right was being
mistreated online Sara Jean was very
upset about that she says is there
anything more tedious than media
navel-gazing over outraged mobs start
paying attention to what's happening
outside her Ivy League New York City
centric circles look at how the pylons
operate in other contexts and get some
bleep perspective she did a bad tweet
she got engagement for it and then she
didn't want to engage back what exactly
was Barry Weiss's bad tweet her bad
tweet was she said immigrants get the
job done when she was talking about the
daughter of an immigrant who went to the
Olympics and ice skating that was that
that was her bad tweeked and Sarah Zhang
said she deserved everything she got the
discourse is not being harmed because of
people questioning a bad ice-skating
tweet the discourse started getting
harmed with say the online death threats
etc once you've seen enough of these you
can also see that people tweeting at
Barry Weiss's not a big deal lol Brenda
nice I mean it's over and over she's
been part of these social media mobs
urging them on cheering them so there is
a fair bit of karmic justice to Sarah
Jean now being social media mobs
now do I think again
for the 11th time in the segment do I
think that employers should start firing
people based on social media mobbing I
do not I think it's a mistake I think
employers should only fire employees if
they are feeling actual business
blowback from the decisions of those
employees made well in the employ of
those employers ok but this is not that
so I don't think Sara's wrongs should be
fired I think she should sit on the New
York Times editorial board and we should
continue to characterize the New York
Times as a terrible piece of garbage
newspaper I think that seems to me the
fairest outcome here that she should
have to work there after having
criticized the New York Times for years
by the way as being too right-wing
she should have to work there and then
we can all sit here and laugh at the New
York Times for being stupid enough to
hire somebody like Sarah Zhang by the
way I think it is worthwhile noting that
Sarah Zhang the real reason she wasn't
fired is not because the New York Times
has suddenly discovered the evils of
social media mobbing that is not why she
was not fired ok she was not fired
because the New York Times agrees with
her she was not fired because the New
York Times agrees with her take on white
America they are a bunch of white upper
crust New York elitists who believe that
anyone who is not white in the United
States is inherently under the boot of
Uncle Sam and therefore when Sarah's
young tweets racist stuff about white
people it's because white people deserve
it how do I know this because there are
people on the Left who say the sort of
stuff openly so there's an idiot named
Zack Beauchamp and I say idiot advisedly
I think it may be too kind of word for
him he's a columnist over at voxcom
which is the most Eisley of the of the
commentariat it's a hive of villainy and
scum and I say that having actual
friends who work there right like little
story ok little story after Zack
Beauchamp wrote an article two weeks ago
suggesting that Mark Duplass this
independent director we talked about on
the show he tweeted something nice about
me and then after he was social media
mobs he's a leave the nice tweet about
me and then issued a public apology for
ever having said anything nice about me
Zack Beauchamp wrote a piece for voxcom
suggesting that I completely deserved it
and Mark Duplass was exactly right
because I'm a horrible horrible human
being
so mark Duplass should have been social
media mob and he should have deleted the
tweet and all the rest of this stuff I
got letters from two different Vox
writers who would not come out publicly
and say so saying Zack Beauchamp is an
idiot and you're not a bad person
because I know you and we talk
frequently in any case Zack Beauchamp
tweets this out yesterday right here's
what he tweets out a lot of people on
the internet today confusing the
expressive way anti racist and
minorities talk
white people unquote with actual
race-based hatred for some unfathomable
reason so he looks at those tweets from
tweets that say things like and I quote
dumbass effing white people marking up
the internet with their opinions like
dogs pissing on fire hydrants and he
says that this is actually the
expressive way anti-racist and
minorities talk about white people and
this should never be confused with
actual race-based hatred it would be
unfathomable for you to actually equate
these two things like when you say
dumbass effing white people how could I
not read that as oh that's just the
expressive way that Asian people talk
which is racist you idiot
okay Zack Bowe challenge is just the
worst he's just the worst and then David
you walk him who is I guess a writer for
he's in it for the ex newer times writer
he tweets out dear white people racism
is about the powerful keeping down the
powerless no it isn't no it isn't racism
can be used by the powerful to keep down
the powerless but racism is not about
the powerful keeping down the powerless
racism is about race-based hatred that
is the actual definition we generally
are the powerful meaning we white people
white people isn't a slur oh really it's
not a slur well you see black people and
they make a giant generalization about
black people like their dumb ass effing
black people don't you say something
awful awful terrible like that and see
how that goes for you David Jakob then
he says the F word for for gay people
and the N word are slurs because they
subordinate you know as opposed to
saying dumb me dumb ass effing white
people that's not subordinating white
people in any way since your moral
equivalence is nonsense reverse racism
isn't a thing
you're right reverse racism isn't a
thing it's just called racism it's just
called racism it's not reverse racism
it's just called racism but this is an
actual perspective on the left an actual
perspective on the Left suggests that
racism from the powerful is the only
thing that matters there is no such
thing as racism in any other context
right the left tends to see things in
this Marxist universe where power
relations are the entirety of what we
should be talking about everyday
relations between the more powerful
groups and the less powerful groups and
the less powerful groups are less
powerful because those power less
powerful groups have been put upon by
the more powerful groups as I always say
the Marxist view of life is that if you
have two people in a room one person has
five bucks one person has one buck it
must be that the person with five
dollars somehow subordinated the person
with one dollar
that is not true in a free country but
this is how the left sees things so if
white people are racist then their their
racism is really just a tool of their
power but if black people are racist
that or Asian people are racist or
Mexicans are racist or Jews are racist
then this means that they are just
fighting back against the man they're
just fighting back against the man and
they are using the tools at their
disposal to fight back against this
power relationship this is how you end
up with this foolishness of
intersectionality suggesting that
certain opinions are worth more than
others based on the color of the skin of
the person who's making a particular
argument talk a little bit more about
that in just one second first let's talk
about your security so we have a sponsor
ring they're the video doorbell company
they allow you to see and speak to
anyone when they come to your door
well they've now sent us actual footage
of ring busting crooks in the act this
one is just creepy I don't actually know
if this guy is a criminal or not suffice
it to say he is not coming to the door
to live or a pizza and things get real
weird here is what that looks like hey
sorry we're in the middle of dinner can
I help you yes how are you good how are
you good see you in a while I don't know
who you are
I'm Justin I met you long time ago
[Music]
Wow listen that guy's weird and you
wouldn't want him do you want to open
