social media companies target Alex Jones
Trump goes up off on the Trump Tower
meeting tariffs and LeBron and the left
continues to defend racism so long as
it's directed against white people I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh man we have so much to get to today
it was a very full weekend of Trump
tweets and more Trump tweets and then
even more charm - it's a stir that I
don't mind you I think we're only about
a week away from our big live event so
if you're gonna go check out those
last-minute tickets now is the time at
daily wire calm slash events go check
those out also it is imperative that you
think about the quality of the air that
you are breathing there's this article
that I saw last week about how air
pollution in national parks is as bad as
the top 20 major cities in the United
States probably that's Trump's fought
but the reason apparently is because
these parks are downwind of air
pollution sources like agriculture
industry major highways and urban areas
so basically there's now nowhere to run
except inside we know the indoor air
quality is actually worse very often
than the air quality outside which is
one of the reasons why you need to go to
filter by calm and keep a fresh set of
filters in your home central air system
and at the office we use filter by comm
here at the daily wear offices I use it
at my house as well
filter by is America's leading provider
of HVAC filters for homes and small
businesses the hell over 600 sizes that
ship for free within 24 hours plus
they're manufactured right here in the
United States I recommend you set up
auto delivery also so you don't forget
to regularly switch up your filters like
I normally do but now I no longer have
to worry about it because the filters
just arrive regularly plus they knock
five percent off the order when you sign
up save time save money breathe better
whether it's filter by calm that's
filter bu why.com filter by comm and
tell them I sent you again filter by
comm go check them out make your air
quality cleaner okay so big story over
the weekend is that Apple and Facebook
have now targeted Alex Jones over at
Infowars for those who don't know who
Alex Jones says he's a crazy human so
Alex Jones his craze extends to
believing that there was a there was a
pizza shop in Washington DC that was
associated with Hillary Clinton that was
running pedophiles from it or somesuch
he also has suggested that the Sandy
Hook massacre was actually a ret a false
flag that it was a bunch of child actors
he has suggested that Seth rich was
murdered by Hillary Clinton I believe I
think he was involved in the South Ridge
stuff as well there very few conspiracy
theories in which Alex Jones does not
engage most famously he believed he has
said in the past that he believes that
the government is turning the frogs gay
by somehow changing the chemical
composition in the water he's most
famous for
his emotional outbursts on his show so I
will say that Alex Jones is wildly
entertaining in the same way that WWE
Raw is wildly entertaining and for many
of the same reasons he screams and he
yells and he sounds somewhat like Hulk
Hogan and he and he does not have ho ho
goons who takes off his shirt anyway and
he's really just a giant bag of lunacy
well he has a very large following
because conspiracy theories are in fact
extraordinarily popular when people are
seeking to place order on chaos they
look to conspiracy theories there a lot
of people who are big names
followers of Alex Jones most famously
the President of the United States used
to call in regularly to Alex Jones and
saw Alex Jones as a quasi ally Alex
Jones claimed that after the election
President Trump was calling him fairly
regularly Jones as I say is a toxic
personality I of the highest order he
and I have gotten into it in the past
that actually ended with him doing a
weird imitation of me well which I will
play for you in a few minutes here but
here's what Facebook and Apple are
saying so Facebook and Apple have now
banned him they're clamping down on him
suffice it to say that well I think that
Alex Jones is basically a giant dumpster
fire of human that he smells like the
burning garbage that that aerates the
the scent of New York City I think that
Alex Jones should not be banned from
Apple and Facebook simply because the
standards that are being used by the lot
of these social media companies are
extraordinarily vague Apple and Facebook
according to CNBC have now clamp down on
content by Alex Jones Monday
the former pulled five of his podcasts
the latter removed four pages controlled
by him Apple confirmed on Monday had
removed five of the six podcasts which
included Jones infamous the Alex Jones
Show as well as a number of other
Infowars audio streams the news was
originally reported by BuzzFeed news
Jones of course is a controversial
conspiracy theorist who is claimed that
the 2012 Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax
hoax and has been hit with other content
bans from YouTube as well as Spotify
Apple's move is pretty dramatic they've
taken down the entire library of
Infowars podcasts rather than a select
few episodes an apple spokesperson said
quote Apple does not tolerate hate
speech and we have clear guidelines that
creators and developers must follow to
ensure we provide a safe environment for
all of our users podcasts that violate
these guidelines are removable from our
directory making them no longer
searchable or available for download or
streaming we believe in representing a
wide range of views so long as those
people are respectful to those with
differing opinions so they say that he
persistently uploaded content in breach
of various content guidelines Facebook
says the same in July Facebook removed
four of Jones's videos and hit his own
personal profile with a 30-day ban over
what the firm deemed is violation of its
policies on bullying and hate speech the
company explained that when it deletes
content the removal counts as a strike
essentially a warning against the person
that uploaded it in the first place in
the case of pages facebook said it holds
both a page and an administrator who
post content in violation of its rules
accountable they said that this was not
about fake news they said this is not
because of Jones's tendencies toward
conspiracism instead it was about hate
speech and bullying they said well much
of the discussion around Infowars has
been related to false news which is a
serious issue we are working to address
by demoting links marked wrong by fact
checkers and suggesting additional
contents none of the violations that
spurred today's removals were related to
this so it is again unclear what exactly
it was that triggered all of this they
say that it was it was his threatening
language but again I would need to see
the specific threatening language that
he was using and I'm somebody who's been
threatened by Alex Jones mean Alex Jones
has legitimately gone on his show and
threatened that he would send his
buddies down to the the people who
helped fund Daily wire that he would
send those people down to their their
ranch in Texas and have them harassed I
mean Alex Jones a bad guy but the
problem is this once you start saying
that hate speech is a rationale for
banning people from social media you get
into some very very vague territory
because as we know the left does not
have a consistent standard that they
uphold when they are looking at hate
speech they don't say that anything that
is hateful is banned and then defined
hateful in extraordinarily specific
terms they don't say anything that is
offensive is banned because a lot of
things are offensive instead they use
this term hate speech to simply label
stuff they don't like hate speech I know
this because I've been targeted Matt by
social media per se but by a lot of
folks on the Left who suggest that I am
some sort of provocateur involved in
hate speech what exactly have I said
that is hate speech well their favorite
is that I don't use preferred pronouns
so if somebody like Caitlyn Jenner says
that Caitlyn Jenner is a woman I will
still say the Caitlyn Jenner is a man
and I will say Caitlyn Jenner is a he
right this is hate speech according to a
lot of folks on the left well what's to
prevent Apple or Facebook from removing
content online simply because I don't
abide by their standards they're rumors
today that a lot of these social media
Giants are gonna start banning or
restricting content from people who they
deem climate change deniers not even
people who acknowledge that that climate
change is happening but worried that it
may not be happening to the same extent
that some on the Left say and don't look
like the left solutions those people may
not be safe from the predations of
social media also so again what is the
exactly what exactly is so terrible the
company said it removed
Alex Jones's pages for glorifying
violence which violates our graphic
violence policy and using dehumanizing
language to describe people who are
transgender Muslim and immigrants which
violates our hate speech policies again
this is where we get into some serious
serious issues what exactly violates
that hate speech policy so if I say that
transgender people have mental disorders
which they do ok gender dysphoria or
gender identity disorder is as you may
have noticed from the term gender
identity disorder a disorder if you say
that is that no hate speech what if I
say that while not all Muslims are
terrorists a disproportionate number of
terrorists are Muslim is that hate
speech because that is also a fact what
if I say that immigrants coming to the
United States
you know ought to be vetted because we
don't know who's violent and who is not
is that hate speech I don't think it is
that anything even comes close to hate
speech but one of the big problems is
that you have too many folks on the Left
who decide that anything they don't like
now is is hate speech and they're not
and I'm not again one of the things
that's very weird about this is that I
really dislike Alex Jones his brand I
think that Alex Jones is a liar I think
he's a conspiracist I think he does say
horrible things and hateful things on a
regular basis but there is no consistent
standard that you can set there is no
limiting principle to Facebook or Apple
and their social media guidelines other
than trust us and I'm sorry I don't
trust you guys I don't trust you guys
and just to demonstrate again that I'm
not saying this out of some perverse
love for Alex Jones Alex Jones hates my
guts and I think that he is if I've not
made clear a flaming pile of human feces
here's Alex Jones mocking me on his show
like two weeks ago
I think I'll get your business you know
what happens when I get in people's
businesses boy they ain't in business
long son you like what I did to your
daddy bet you really did it to himself
didn't he we told everybody what he was
okay so that weirdo right was
threatening me on his show and I'm now
defending his show clearly I'm a bad guy
he it's it's just dangerous stuff I
think it's it's deeply dangerous stuff
to have so many folks on the Left trying
to determine what content constitute
eight speech the reason that I think
that it's deeply dangerous and the
reason I don't trust them is because
there is a massive double standard when
it comes to the left and for example
racism so when I suggest that hatred of
a particular race is the definition of
racism people on the Left will say well
it depends on the race so for example
there's an article in The New York Times
this week
all about why calling white people
racist may not actually be the most the
best possible way of curbing racism and
this article drew all sorts of hatred
from folks on the political left the
article was an opinion piece by a woman
named Margaret rankle and what it said
was they're still white Southerners who
honestly believed that American culture
worked better for everyone white and
black alike under segregation they're
still white Southerners who questioned
how bad slavery really was when an
enslaved black person's health and
strength are needed to guarantee the
slaveholders livelihood this argument
goes it just wouldn't make sense to whip
them or starve them a rape them and work
them to the point of collapse
southerners aren't alone in believing
such mendacity but the south is where
slavery and segregation metastasized so
it may be more concentrated here
whatever this insidious delusion takes
hold however it requires a gargantuan
ignorance of history to maintain and
there's a lot of ignorance a foot in the
land right now more people in Tennessee
today drive cars bearing license plate
it's emblazoned with the Confederate
battle flag than ever before a strong
majority of southerners 61% are
committed to keeping their Confederate
monuments on public land I've exhausted
my ability to understand why deep into
the 21st century I'm still hearing
otherwise good-hearted people use the
same arguments white Southerners used to
discredit Uncle Tom's Cabin more than
150 years ago it couldn't possibly have
been that bad maybe this is what happens
when a person's only news source is the
alternative universe of Fox and Friends
or maybe they're all just racists okay
they're definitely all races so this is
it you know very leftist article but
it's coming under fire from the left why
because here is the point they don't
believe they are and the problem with
writing off people who don't recognize
this country's pervasive and enduring
culture of white supremacy much less the
ways in which they themselves benefit
from it is simple being called a racist
almost never causes a racist to wake up
being called a racist to almost never
causes a racist to say oh wow you're
right
I get that it's hard not to scream
racist at a racist if you're a white
person who wants to be an advocate it's
both infuriating and demoralizing to
know that the people causing all the
suffering are people who look just like
you here's what is also true prejudice
is endemic to humanity itself human
beings are tribal creatures we trust the
familiar and are drawn to it we just
trust the unfamiliar and keep our
distance
white people liberal and conservative
often claimed not to notice another
person's race but it's just not true
we are hardwired to recognize difference
and to view it as an aberration noticing
difference is not the same thing as
hating difference of course but I'm not
just talking about vicious white
supremacist here I'm talking about
garden-variety prejudice and the answer
that this lady says is maybe yelling
racist at people is not actually a good
idea because when you yell racist to
people all you are doing is alienating
people this author says take a breath
when you encounter a person who believes
he's merely honoring his ancestors by
driving a car with an image of the
Confederate battle flag on the tag when
a Facebook friends announces it's
disrespectful to take a knee during the
national anthem when you sit down next
to someone at a church picnic who
genuinely loves and respects the black
people they know but who consistently
votes for politicians with overtly
racist policies stop for a moment and
take a breath before you say a single
word think of all the times you made an
assumption about a stranger that proved
to be untrue think of the times you
found yourself feeling uneasy in the
company of strangers of another race not
only a reasonable article it's a fire
left article right it suggests that all
of these are elements of racism but the
best way to fight all of that is not to
yell a racist to people the left says
that this is a huge mistake make the
left says that if you yell racist did a
bunch of non racist white people that's
totally fine but if you say anything
racist about a member of another race
then it's racism I want to explain why
the Left believes this and what the
ramifications are of that in just one
second first let's talk about stamps
okay so how much time have you spent
driving down to the post office slightly
probably you've spent some well if the
answer is some the answer could be none
because no matter the great services of
the post office it's even easier at
stamps calm where you can access all of
those great services right from your
desk 24/7 when it is convenient for you
you buy and print official US postage
for any letter any package using your
own computer and printer the mail
carrier picks it up you just click print
mail you're done it couldn't be easier
we use stamps calm here at the Daily
wire offices we use it at my house as
well and right now when you use promo
code Shapiro you get a special offer 555
bucks of free Post
a digital scale and a four-week trial go
to stamps calm before you do anything
else you go and you click on the radio
microphone at the top of the homepage
and you type in Shapiro that stamps comm
and you enter promo code Shapiro again
stamps calm promo codes appear and you
get that special offer it includes up to
fifty five bucks of free postage a
digital scale plus that four-week trial
the services of the post office right
there at your desk makes it really
really simple again stamps calm promo
code Shapiro stamps icon click on that
radio microphone at the top of the page
and use promo code Shapiro okay so
there's this article in The New York
Times in which it says maybe you don't
want to call all the way people racist
and the left goes mad why shouldn't we
call all right people
all white people racists instead we
should we should point out that when
people are racist they're racist ok so
here's an article from Linda Toronto
over at The Daily Beast and this is
fascinating she says poverty doesn't
make you racist it's more than that the
exhaustion strips you have the ability
to dissemble for long so if you're
inclined toward racism already it shows
a life lived close to tears of sheer
fatigue and stress is not one in which
you can expend the energy to stop
yourself spouting your resentments or
wielding your fears as a weapon so in
other words some people choose racism
poverty doesn't cause racism but
individuals are responsible for their
own racism so why would you go easy on
white racists yeah that's an opinion
with which I have some sympathy the
problem is that the left has then
claimed that Sarah Zhang who is this new
member of the New York Times editorial
board who has literally dozens and
dozens and dozens and dozens of anti
white hate tweets on her feed right
she's been left alone by the left left
says that her brand of racism is just
fine now how do you know the left has a
double standard on this because this is
hilarious Candice Owens who is black
right a black woman she took all of
Sarah's zhang's tweets or some of them
and she replaced the word white with
black tweeted them out and Twitter
banned her for a day
Sarah song is still on Twitter Candice
Owens was tossed from Twitter for a day
