even sexual harassment and assault can
be made into partisan issues president
Trump finally sounds off on judge Roy
more plus Al Franken and we go to the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so yesterday I said that we
were in the midst of a flaming garbage
fire in American politics how wrong I
was we were only on the edge of the
flaming garbage pile yesterday but today
we are definitely in the center of the
flaming garbage heap after all the
fallout from Al Franken after the fact
that it now appears that every Democrat
will end up standing with Al Franken and
it appears that every Republican or a
lot of Republicans wound up standing
with Roy Moore
it appears that no one really cares
about bad conduct which is very
upsetting to me personally cuz I don't
like that but we will talk about all of
these things in just one second first I
want to say thank you to our friends
over at quip so if you are if you're
concerned about not just your oral
hygiene but your actual health then you
should be concerned about how you brush
your teeth because there actually is
connection between how you brush your
teeth and things like heart health
according to studies that's why you need
to use clip that's why I use clip so
quip there's a new company refreshing
the way people brush their teeth it's an
electric toothbrush that packs premium
vibration and timer features into an
ultra slim design half the cost of
bulkier brushes it's like Apple designed
two toothbrushes very slim it's very
sleek battery-powered and it has a timer
on it as well so you know when you're
done brushing your top teeth and I can
move on to your bottom teeth
it starts at just $25 and if you go to
get clipped comm slash up hero you get
your first refill pack free so they send
you you can put it on a schedule to get
refill packs for the for the tip of the
brush which ensures that you're not
using an old brush head and you can
subscribe and get a recommended
three-month plan for just $5 including
free shipping so go to get quick comm
slash up hero and you get all of that
plus the first refill pack free with
equip electric toothbrush first refill
pack free get quick calm / up here o GE
t qu IP comm / up here oh it's the
toothbrush that I use and it's also
great when bringing on the road as
opposed to other electric toothbrushes
that have a huge you know kind of
recharging mechanism you don't have that
with clips so get clip comm / up hero
that also lets them know that we say
okay so we there's a bunch of fallout
from Al Franken and Roy Moore and I want
to begin with a piece in today's
Washington Post so yesterday they're a
bunch of Democrats you sort of pretended
that they
about Al Franken so the allegation
against Al Franken again is that he
groped a woman while she was sleeping
this this woman her name is Leanne
tweetIn yeah Leanne Tweed
she's a talk show host out here in Los
Angeles and she alleges that Al Franken
groped her while she was sleeping and
then during a rehearsal I had written a
kiss into a scene when he was a comedian
and said he rammed his tongue down her
throat which is just disgusting and so
all of this had created an enormous
amount of an enormous amount of
controversy in fact we can start with
Leon Sweden talking about Frank and here
is what Leon Sweden had to say about its
clip 9 the world that you're making for
your children for your two-year-old and
for your four-year-old do you realize
that you are making it better for them I
don't know the genders of your children
but it actually doesn't even matter have
a boy and a girl
okay well but it's but both of them need
to be impacted by this right not just
the girl you know you always sorry
nothing to be sorry about
huh didn't thinking I was gonna do that
but you know you do you you want to
leave you know you try to set examples
for your children right you want to
leave the world a better place okay and
so the allegations against Franken are
obviously serious enough that yesterday
bunch of people said well we'll start to
send an ethics committee investigation
and Franken himself calls for a Senate
Ethics investigation there's only one
problem with this it's total nonsense
between 2006 and 2007 teen or between
rather 2007 and 2016 there were six
hundred and thirteen different Senate
ethics investigation requests how many
punishments were handed down how many
sanctions were handed down zero giant
zero so when Democrats say yeah we're
treating Al Franken with the gravest
seriousness no you're not Plus what
would you have an ethics investigation
about there's a picture of him trying to
grab her boobs while she's sleeping what
exactly is the is the investigation
going to be senator franken did you try
to grab that woman's boobs senator
franken there's a picture of it but it
was joke ethics committee well there's a
picture of it him I take the fifth like
well what is the investigation going to
be about here exactly and now we know
okay the fact is that the left is
willing to throw people under the bus
when they're no longer useful to them
but they want to stick with them when
they are useful right when it's Bill
Clinton now they can throw Bill Clinton
under the bus they were in a bunch of
articles this week about how Bill
Clinton should resign in 1998
thanks for getting around to it 19 years
late getting and now they're a bunch of
articles about how Al Franken should
stick around so his woman in Kate
Harding who's the co-editor of nasty
women feminism resistance and Revolution
in Trump's America so she's a feminist
right she she hosts a podcast called
feminists II which sounds like death on
the ears and here is what and and she
wrote a piece for The Washington Post
today called I am a feminist I study
rape culture and I don't want Al Franken
to resign yeah I'm freaking shocked she
says as a feminist and the author of a
book on rape culture I could reasonably
be expected to lead the calls for Al
Franken's a step tone font of the step
down following allegations that he
forced his tongue down a woman's throat
accompanied by a photo of him grinning
as he moves in to grope her breasts
while she sleeps
it's disgusting he treated a sleeping
woman as a comedy prop no more human
than the contents of carrot tops trunk
and I firmly believe he should suffer
social and professional consequences for
it but I don't believe resigning from
his position is the only possible
consequence or the one that's best for
American women cynics on both the right
and left will presume I am passing by
this particular steam trance
17 smorgasbord the feminist outraged
because Franken is a Democrat and so am
i I was even as proud constituent for
two years in the most superficial sense
this is true and that's not just the
most perfect that's like the only sense
there is no deeper sense that you think
Franken is gonna vote the way you arm to
vote and so you're fine with this so
this is just an this is just a variation
on the old Time magazine columnist Neda
brulees comment about Bill Clinton that
she'd be willing to offer him oral sex
so long as you kept abortion legal and
we're seeing this on both sides of the
aisle now and it's just gross and I
think it's something we need to come to
grips with our own gross misses humans
before we can actually fix it if people
talk about raising awareness so I'm not
into raising awareness when it's
counterproductive but I think it is
about raising awareness when it comes to
examining your own political motives
because I think that we all have
political motives and that leads us into
certain cul-de-sacs of partisan
aggression that I think are negative
she says it's meaningless to say it's
because I'm a Democrat without asking
why I am a Democrat if you understand
what it means to be a Democrat today
that is why it makes sense to vote blue
over red in this highly polarized
political environment you can understand
why it might not make the most sense to
demand Franklin's resignation effective
immediately I'm a Democrat because I'm a
feminist who lives under a two-party
system I am NOT a true believer in the
party nor in any politician I'm a
realist who recognizes we get two viable
choices so this is the exact argument
the exact argument that is now being
used to back Roy Moore she says isn't
that hypocritical I hear you asking
because Republicans won't do the right
thing we shouldn't either
but if the short-term right thing leads
to long-term political catastrophe for
American women I think we need to
reconsider our definition of the right
thing okay so this is the exact opposite
of the argument I mean it's it's the
same argument actually that's being made
it's just the photo negative of the
argument that's being made by a lot of
people who are backing Roy Moore saying
listen if Doug Jones gets in the Senate
he's gonna vote for abortion I hate
abortion so if I have to choose I'll
choose to vote for Roy Moore that's the
say it's the photo- argument and the
problem is that both sides make this
argument we will get people who are
alleged sexual molesters and sexual
assaulters in the Senate chock-a-block
they will be there all the time and then
none of this is going to change change
comes about when we realize that the
ends don't always justify the means
realize that yes I would not vote for
Doug Jones yes I would you know I would
not vote for Al Franken but that doesn't
mean that just because somebody is bad I
have to vote for their opponent or I
can't find a third
Lucian I can't find some sort of right
in solution so all of this is very
upsetting and disappointing and it makes
us feel like we have nothing in common
because we don't write we don't have
anything in common if we're to the point
where we believe that sexual molestation
or sexual assault allegations can be put
by the wayside because it's more
important to defeat the other side then
we can't live in a republic with each
other we just can't I mean the the the
the end of the republic has basically
come now with all of this happening you
can see that the politicians are using
this particular mentality is a way to
maintain power this is happening on both
sides so you know for example Roy Moore
has been hit with all of these terrible
allegations he's coming back now
and he's saying the Mitch McConnell
should step down so the more partisan
Roy Moore gets the more he knows he's
protected right to harbor opposition he
takes the more firing a position if he
takes the more he knows that there are
people who are gonna rally to his side
so quote/unquote opposed the other side
so here is Roy Moore attacking Mitch
McConnell saying McConnell should be the
one who steps down not me right not me
I'm gonna stand here wearing my cross
and American flag pin amidst allegations
that I have not rebutted in any serious
way Mitch McConnell is the one who
should step down listen I'm not a fan of
Mitch McConnell but this has nothing to
do with McConnell but again the more
partisan you can make the argument the
more you know that people will rally to
your side so here's my here is Roy Moore
saying this all I want to tell you who
needs to step down
that's Mitch McConnell
there's been comments about me taking a
stand yes I have taken a stand in the
past I'll take a stand in the future and
I'll quit standing when they lay me in
that box and put me in the ground well
that's weird
and then Bob Menendez does the same
thing from the other side so Bob
Menendez was not acquitted but there was
a home jitters a mistrial in his trial
yesterday and so he comes out and he
turns it into a partisan issue knowing
that his own side will rally around him
as they were going to Democrats would
not even answer the question whether if
Menendez was convicted they would expel
him from the Senate they might keep him
there right now Menendez is coming out
and making this partisan and making it
even more partisan so the more part we
now live in a dynamic where the more
partisan you can make any issue any
personal issue the better chance you
have of surviving it right Bill Clinton
was able to turn sexual molestation
allegations sexual misconduct
allegations he was able to turn those
allegations in his own favor by
suggesting that it was a vast right-wing
conspiracy you're seeing more to the
same thing it's best left wing and
establishment conspiracy you're saying
Bob Menendez do the same thing on
corruption it's a vast right-wing and
racist conspiracy here's Mendez doing
that yesterday to those who left me who
abandoned me in my darkest moment I
forgive you to those who embraced me in
my darkest moment I love you to those in
New Jerseyans who gave me the benefit of
the doubt I thank to those who were
digging my political grave so that they
could jump into my seat I know who you
are and I won't forget you she's making
him partisan right everyone who backed
him he'll remember and he will love you
and if I mean this is this mafioso type
language right and if you if you didn't
back him I'll remember you and I will
never forget you your name will be
emblazoned on my memory forever again if
you can use partisanship to distract
from your own misconduct then we're just
gonna get the worst of the worst in in
every situation okay so finally here's
what happens done the the pole in
Alabama right now with Roy Moore show
the latest poll from Fox News shows that
Roy Moore is down eight I don't believe
that poll I think that a lot of people
are lying to the pollsters and and I
think that the race is actually much
closer than that the reason I believe
that is because if you look at the
Alabama results for the last
election cycles what you see is that no
Republican candidate in Alabama since
2002 has lost has law has one less than
60% of the so Republicans outnumber
Democrats in the state like two to one
so the idea that he's losing by eight
points would be truly shocking but you
know that with that said he is you know
apparently in a tight race he's losing
the race and he won't step down and as
I've said before the only person who
could really step in and put an end to
Roy Moore's run here would be President
Trump so we'll get to president Trump's
reaction to all of these things finally
he's speaking out but not in the way
that I would like we'll get to all of
that in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors /
Theo's concealed carry Association so if
you are going on or can you say with
100% confidence that your family and
your home are safe what if you're forced
to pull the trigger and you know what
happens next
do you know what to say when the police
arrive you'll find the answers in the
u.s. CCA's complete concealed carry and
family defense guide and you can get
yours completely free but you have to
act now it's 164 page guide and a free
audiobook and you will learn how to
detect attackers before they see you
the safest and most dangerous places to
sit in a restaurant how to responsibly
own and store a gun even if you have
little kids and more but they're only
offering this to my listeners for a few
more days so if you want your free copy
you have to hurry go over to defend my
family now calm let's defend my family
now calm and get your free copy of this
hundred and sixty four page guide that
will make your life a lot safer because
you'll know a lot more needed yesterday
defend my family now calm again that's
defending my family now calm go over and
check it out that address also lets them
know that we sent you ok so president
Trump is finally sounding off about
about Roy Moore but he's not actually
speaking so he sends out Sarah Huckabee
Sanders to talk about it so what is his
position
that's a trump who has a position on
everything right he had a position on
Jamel Hill at ESPN he said she should be
fired
he said the Colin Kaepernick is a son of
a who should be fired right even
though he wasn't really in the NFL of
time yeah and you know I may agree with
his assessments on people who kneel for
the anthem and I may agree that Jamel
Hill not that she should be fired I
don't think she should have been fired
but that she was wrong in her assessment
of politics but he's been completely
silent on Roy Moore for over a week even
though he endorsed Roy Moore at for one
more one the primary so finally Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is trotted out to
answer questions about about Roy Moore
and what this does demonstrate by the
way is that Sean Hannity in the White
House are very much in court
because as you recall Sean Hannity the
night before last came out and said that
he wants let the people of Alabama
decide the White House is giving exactly
the same message so that is a shift
apparently there were reports that Sean
had been getting calls from Bannon and
from the White House saying back off Roy
Moore a little bit so the White House is
is also backing off of Roy Moore here's
Sarah Huckabee Sanders saying that Trump
thinks the people of Alabama ought to
decide which is a truism again I said
this yesterday you know when people say
things like let the people decide what
they're really saying is that they are
not going to take a position right
that's really what they're saying and
that's stupid okay Trump is taking a
position on everything his is I mean
literally everything all the things
Trump has taken a position on but here
he chooses to go strategically silent
the reason that that's bad is not just
because I think it's immoral even though
I do think it's immoral the reason that
I think it's bad is because Donald Trump
is one of the very few people in America
who could actually make a difference in
this Senate race and actually make sure
that Republicans keep the seat without
that seat being Roy Moore's here is
here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders though
basically kicking the can down the road
the President believes that these
allegations are very troubling and
should be taken seriously and he thinks
that the people of Alabama should make
the decision on who their next senator
should be look the president said in his
statement earlier this week that if the
allegations are true then that Roy Moore
should step aside he still firmly
believes that okay so you know that
doesn't mean anything right we now know
what we know okay what nothing further
is really gonna come out here the idea
that if true he should step aside but
let the people of Alabama decide again
the people of Alabama will decide right
but he can have an impact on this race
if you were to come out and say Roy
Moore get out people of Alabama
you know don't lose the Senate race
because of Roy Moore that would actually
have an impact in this race but that's
not what's happening here then you know
and then Trump tweets but but so Trump
doesn't say anything about more right
but he does have some things to say
about Al Franken so the allegations come
out about Franken he's been completely
silent on Twitter right he's been over
