the editor-in-chief of daily wire.com is
opposed to the ben shapiro show so guess
his name which is the top conservative
podcast in the nation he is the author
of seven books and he has been a
nationally syndicated columnist since
the age of 17
pity he got such a late start he's a
graduate of UCLA and Harvard Law School
please welcome Ben Shapiro so we have a
lot to get into here and there are areas
of agreement I made many of you know who
these two guys are and you know you can
imagine the force we're gonna chart here
I want to start with Ben he's had a
truly unusual experience and then many
of you may not be aware of just how
unusual and this will take those into
areas of agreement Ben where you know we
definitely agree which is around the
primacy of free speech and how strange
our national conversation is on so many
topics so the ban is if you don't know
is the person who when he goes to
Berkeley requires requires to give a
speech we have a little bit less
security in the last two years
I get it from both sides in a way that's
completely surreal because they're so
for instance you were often disparaged
as a Nazi or a white supremacist but
even if you are not going to notice the
yarmulke you were actually the most
targeted victim of anti-semitism and
you're also often compared to your
former Breitbart colleague my lowly
innopolis right and that's that's an
unfortunate pairing is because the
reason why I'm wanted to talk to you is
because well I think you and I will
disagree about several maybe
foundational things I see you as someone
who is sincerely defending a position
based on a rational chain of
argumentation based on first principles
that we may or may not share but you're
not a performance artist and that's a
crucial distinction I think I'm not
going in somebody else to make a
headline that's why I've always a little
bit puzzling because there are
provocateurs whose job it is to go into
university say something deliberately
provocative just to get a rise out of
people
I've been puzzled frankly by the level
of opposition all sides is very weird
year last year was a weird year they'd
be all right calling me a writer so is
2016 we're still living a parallel
universe in which Marty McFly actually
did not stop it from using the sports
yearbook one lens through which I want
us to view that this conversation is
what worries you and I was actually the
first approximation
consciousness believe structure there
was enough shared complex for us to
function as a country I think that
that's gone away so I think this is the
parent of the crisis which I
increasingly think of because it's
called the donating revolution of N
squared revolution we're in some sort of
new regime which doesn't like any
revolution we've seen before it's much
less physically violent so far and what
are the ideas or sets of ideas that you
think are most culpable for bringing us
here well it's tough I think that what
really happened historically is that we
have this beautiful period of fairly
reliable predicated all of our
institutions on his expectation that
this was some sort of normal thing
depend upon future but it ran out and we
were left with all of our institutions
looking in some form or another like
Ponzi schemes and in order to keep
running an institution that expected
growth when a steady-state condition
let's say you need to change the
narrative to create some sort of as if
the growth story so you start stealing
from the future you start stealing from
that our slices grow so well there are
certainly areas that kept growing
communications and computation so there
was some real growth maybe fracking but
in general what we have is we have a
bunch of institutions that used to be
capable of honesty the problem is we've
had this growth across the spectrum for
most of our adult lives
that story which is a fiction right now
not one of these anti-capitalist I've
been hearing about all right you're the
managing director of teal capital so
that I'm so does that be well I mean see
you think economics is the longest lever
here that's influencing the Machine this
breakdown of our bid this failure of a
polite conversation to get us to
converge on a meaningful worldview what
you have markets take over from
something very creepy come online from
let me just acknowledge I'm actually a
bad podcast you're not with an expert
here you're a good sport really
important that we growth stops
proceeding at the levels of its expected
people can form families in real time
the fertility is threatened people can't
plan or for coupling in for a future I
think it gets right into the most
intimate details of our lives when when
the markets don't materialize in the way
that we need them so what is keeping you
up at night social collapse I don't
think it's easy to overstate geeks and
to which growth is stagnated I mean we
are to 4% of unemployment is not I mean
it's not 1935 this is not even
there's still you know significant
brother to me it seems like the social
fabric has been completely and
some of that is due to social media
uneffective we coordinate with each
other in different way but I think a lot
of it has to do with loss of common
values like even the ability to have a
common conversation in order to have a
conversation with one another we have to
take certain things for granted like
human reason like objective truth we
don't take these basic things every for
granted then television speaking the
same language is used either a lot of
those things that disappeared in favor
of radical subjectivism that maybe made
us feel good doesn't provide the common
framework for a conversation and
objective truth goes by the wayside
because we can't have a conversation you
see this particularly in our politics
where it seems like there's two bubbles
that have been created and free
Huffington Post you are in a completely
different world than if you read
breitbart right and my mom actually
first noticed this in 2012 Peter said I
was working part of lunch said well it
looks like Breitbart Romney's definitely
gonna wind up again all my friends at
work read Huffington Post and they said
Obama is definitely gonna win and I
don't know but believe I said well I
really don't know who to believe either
because no one knows the answer to that
question but you can see that it's
broken down an incredibly radical ways
now because even things where there
should be a common basis of that people
are disagreeing on incident take a
Senate race in Alabama right there's
pretty good reliable accounts that the
Republican candidate in that race is
likely guilty of some form of sexual
abuse underage girls and a huge
percentage of the Republican base in my
party my group a huge percentage of them
outright denied that's the case because
those people are out to get more and
more it's a conspiratorial attack on
more so that's one example from the
right there on the Left you'll have the
examples where you will say things that
are biologically true it can be
controversial example like there's a and
if you say that then people lose their
minds because you're some colic
insulting their subjectivity and when
you do that it's hard to have a
conversation because people will change
the terms they're using they'll change
the frame of reference they're using and
power within and then they'll toss the
reason out altogether to say you know
your specific bias as a person prevents
you from even having
simple conversation right your white
privilege or your background or your
ethnicity or all of this prevents us
from even discussing on a one-on-one
level I can recognize my background they
have but that is supposed to be a
conversation stopper Vendrell example I
was supposed to have a conversation yeah
that's why identity politics is so toxic
in my view because of EPs identity his
paramount communication is impossible
because you haven't shared my specific
experience with because you don't have
the same skin color you're not the same
gender there's no bridge between us
right then and in your and there's no
chain of reasoning from you to me that
should trump anything I currently think
because what I think is anchored to
identity we don't share another bore
atomized individuals that balancing off
one another is supposed to be able to
form a bond it's completely collapsed
right right and it is you think social
media is the main engine of that
collapses just we were headed there
anyway I mean obviously Fox News and
then maybe fragmentation of media
perceived social media so we had our
equity market social media Thursday
there's a economic forum is Harvard
actually talking about how the impact of
social media polarizations overstated
that you look the most polarized
populations in the country
older people gain steam as I say even
basic concepts like reasons are being
thrown out in favor of a philosophy of
feeling because maybe it does come down
to lack of success for people maybe
people do feel that they can succeed in
other ways and so the way that they feel
fulfilled when they fill whatever need
they have for fulfillment is by while
earning themselves fill in the outer
world and I will look inside me and I
will look at what makes me special
and therefore you can actually be able
to experience in order to empathize
across these dividing lines this
incredible failure of imagination if
there was no screenwriter who's able to
write both male and female characters I
think it has to do with pushing
interesting but very limited heuristics
so far beyond their debate of
applicability to techniques one of these
things using the Google angry to find
out where they came right it seems to me
that we're struggling and it's not your
size so all of us are struggling to find
a way to capture meaning and value in
the context of irrational
worldview and and I think that is a
challenge that just doesn't go away that
is a perpetual challenge and so far as
we understand the situation we're in we
need to find ways of talking about that
so as to converge with a basic life plan
with seven billion strangers and the one
difference between us is what we think
the value of religion is in that picture
so you said to get a little bit better
the context are what you are you're an
Orthodox Jew what does that actually
commit you to with respective beliefs
and what do you believe that I don't
believe that is selling in here they
said oh I'm an atheist so well let's see
well I believe that he cares what
happens to us as virtue of perspective
which doesn't really impact public
policy so much more than the reasons
that I think we can have a conversation
is that when it comes to public policy
discussions I try as little as possible
to refer to the local touch if you
almost never know if you mainly because
what would it appeal to Authority they
don't believe in do so in the area so I
think we can actually have a
conversation we're not talking about the
value of cash for keeping Sabbath which
I think has very little you know
relevant input for public policy or the
kind of social fabric building that
we're talking about doing stuff that I
think is important where we disagree is
man made in God's image created taking
the premise endowed us with the capacity
to choose
we sit right anymore sitting on our bike
well so ones where can be submerged
asleep unattended but so I mean so what
I'm interested in is in a worldview that
could be rebooted or rediscovered now I
mean just imagine we lost all of our we
had a all the libraries burned the
internet went down we lost all of our
texts how would someone rediscover this
thing now you I can we can make an easy
case that we could rediscover science
you know it might take some time but if
the literature of Judaism in your case
were lost
it seems to me tapeli obvious that
whatever is true about reality is still
there to be discovered and if there's
some part of reality that is ethical or
spiritual or divine or spooky it's there
it is there to be discovered by sentient
creatures such as ourselves so what
would how would you reboot religion
about the religion that's true because
you are by accident born a Jew right
right and there's you know there are a
billion people in India who weren't the
end I must imagine they have the wrong
version of this which is unnecessary
ground shift historically from certain
ways of thoughts and other ways of
thought like he happens in
judeo-christian thought change the way
of thinking but I think that they are
also things that you can discover
through contemplation for example so all
the things that I said about free will
and reason and the president's have been
highly mover that's more resilient than
it is judeo-christian right and that is
stuff that was essentially discovered
from philosophy not through revelation
so that wasn't stuff when I talked about
the necessity for reason that messes up
I think that is more relevant now I
think that you two need a religious
system in order to inform people for
difference around philosophizing all
right what are good and bad modes of
behavior both are thought the same so I
think that the notion of the glimpse
when is it important to believe that
those good and bad modes were approved
of or discouraged by an omniscient being
I mean can't we just chart a course
toward greater fulfillment in the world
it's true that an evolutionary
perspective on ourselves suggests that
we have not evolved to know real
perfectly I mean we're you know if you
believe that we are apes that have been
selected for anion and all of our
cognitive architecture is built by
virtue of its adaptive advantage in
evolutionary terms yes it's hard to
believe that we are perfectly designed
to do mathematics or anything else that
is that you do feel better we still
gather objective truth but simple buts
but that even that picture suggests a
wider context of minds more powerful
than our own that could have evolved or
our own future Minds know that we I
would argue we don't have any evidence
for what we do have evidence for is that
we're here we under we understand a lot
about the mechanism that is operating
now that got us here and that is causing
us to be the way we are we can see our
relationship to other life forms we know
that you we can look at chimps that
share 99% of our DNA and they obviously
share a lot of them evolved precursors
of our own social and cognitive
architecture but they have no idea what
we're up to right so they're cognitively
closed to most of what we're doing and
most of what we care about and by by
analogy we know that we could be
cognitively closed to what we might be
capable of in a thousand years now and
there our sense of what engagement with
the cosmos once you want to admit is
possible to not know what you're missing
factually ethically spiritually images
in any in any domain of inquiry it's
possible to come up against a horizon
line where the known meets the unknown
you sensitive religious would be the
first to say it's clearly possible not
to know what your mission and if you
killed the hundred smartest
mathematicians on earth right now you
would Derek their trouble you would
close the door
conversations maybe for 200 years maybe
not but so again by analogy it would be
just it would be too serious hubris to
think that the 7 billion of us who are
currently here collectively or anyone
individually have pushed the human
conversation to the limit what's a
rationally apprehended about the
universe so we know we know there's more
out there in every sense so you what
you're imagining is that every set is
very well know in every sense that I
mean this is wired from from the Atheist
perspective or from the perspective of
not being convinced of any religion this
is what's so limiting about this notion
of Revelation because what you have here
will you're entering a world view to a
book that we know we would just know by
the time of its composition and by its
actual contents yeah subsume raising
attila the larger world view that we're
gathering every visitor I think ask me a
little bit right because the bit of the
argument that I was making was based on
an Aristotelian philosophical view of an
unmoved mover and I'm certainly fit
certain properties that we have to have
as human beings in order to create a
civilization in Revelation which I
freely admit in this revelation were to
be destroyed smart I cannot recreate the
Torah remembering right well I better
have not been able to recreate it it's
just what is its importance apart from
being one among millions of books that
have inspired people to meet important
important you know Christian revelation
in our particular context it is the
creator of the entire chain of events or
it is least the progenitor along with
great book
largely of an entire chain of events and
thought that lead to these now is
there's a modern science that you're
relying on and with a bit of that's a
that's a set of historical contingencies
that are but there was no one element
here is that you could also say that
virtually everything that has been
accomplished in human history was
accomplished by people who didn't know a
damn thing about biology right there was
no one else in this job every bridge
that was built that's every beautiful
building that was built was built by
somebody who knew nothing about DNA
but that's not an argument that
ignorance of molecular biology is a good
thing or that should be it should be
maintained that our differences when I'm
arguing is no but I'm just well I would
I would say that any kind of religious
sectarianism is a species of ignorance
now that we shouldn't be I mean I'm
strong and it's again an assumption that
you're making based on premises that I
don't necessarily agree with on your
account the Hindus have to have it wrong
I mean if they're worshipping an
elephant head of God and what's the
significance if you're going to go to
Aristotle and you're going to go to
seven precepts that anyone could
discover so as to lead a well-ordered
life what is the significance of being
Jewish so this being Jewish even the
foundations what Aristotle believed that
he's trying to arrive through that he's
trying to arrive at logically have to be
perverted by a faith in a God who also
provides us some level of moral guidance
because even the priests of the first
hour are too broad to actually create a
civilization upon which we stand man
this is not a Greek civilization this a
Greek slash today of Christian
civilization it's the Athens in
Jerusalem and the typical phraseology
and if you just knock out the color of
Jerusalem then you're ignoring the
impact that Jerusalem historically
speaking well this is kind of reminded
me of the moment when I debated Rick
Warren once you know at Saddleback
