president Trump edge is closer to firing
robert muller vladimir putin
consolidates his grip and democrats
battle over their future lots to talk
about i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show i'm punch shrunk already
and it's just monday that's what's going
on here at the studio a little bit later
today i'm be flying out to Pennsylvania
meeting at Susquehanna University which
is happening on Tuesday and I'm speaking
at Georgetown on Wednesday so it's gonna
be a packed week full of wonderful
wonderful things and we have so many
things to talk about today including the
President of the United States who
appears to be on the verge of at least
considering maybe firing Robert Muller
maybe that's speculation maybe it's not
we'll go through all the details first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at filter by so I know there are a
lot of people who get very emotional
about the environment and there are a
lot of people who worry about the air
outside here's the fact of the matter
the air outside much cleaner than the
air inside and during winter months you
are going to be spending lots of time
inside which means that you are going to
be imbibing from the non fresh air there
which is why your filters must be clean
it's why you need to check your home's
air filter filter by is America's
leading provider of HVAC filters for
homes and small businesses and they
would like for you to breathe better
they carry over 600 different filter
sizes including custom options all
shipped free within 24 hours and those
are all manufactured right here in the
United States they offer a multitude of
ME RV options all the way up to hospital
grade so you'll be removing all that
dangerous pollen mold dust other allergy
aggravating pollution while maximizing
the efficiency of your system you're
gonna spend all winter inside make sure
you are breathing clean air right now
you can save 5% when you setup auto
delivery so you never need to think
about air filters again at my house we
always think about air filters when it's
far too late and you open up the air
filter and it turns out that there are
eight years worth of gunk on the air
filter well now I don't have to worry
about it because I subscribed over at
filter by so check it out filter by calm
that's filter bu why comm set up that
auto delivery so you never need to think
about when to replace those air filters
again again that's filter by comm filter
bu why comm go check it out right now
alright so big news over the weekend is
that President Trump thinks which honked
yes he's been tweeting that out all
morning this morning on Monday we're
shocked and I don't know that's not
really how he says it but it just feels
like it should be that way because it's
all capital letters he tweeted that out
this morning earlier he tweeted out the
Mueller problem never should have been
started in that there was no collusion
and there was no
it was based on fraudulent activities
and a fake dossier paid for by crooked
Hillary in the DNC and improperly we
improperly used in FISA Court for
surveillance of my campaign all caps
witch-hunt
so President Trump really going off now
what led all of this to happen well on
Friday afternoon the president decided
well really the DOJ decided to fire X
FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe now
Andy McCabe should have been fired long
ago if you really caught will recall
Andy McCabe was the fellow whose wife
had been paid basically by Terry
McAuliffe when she was running for
Senate in Virginia and she lost but
didn't matter she was very close to the
Clinton team Andy McCabe had been far
too close even Peter struck and Lisa
Paige the FBI agents were very
anti-trump were texting with each other
going why is he Andy still on this case
legitimately why is Andy still on this
case and then it turns out that Andy
McCabe hadn't leaked a bunch of
information to the press information
that he leaked to the press by the way
was not anti-trump information was
anti-hillary information because what he
leaks to the press apparently with the
approval of James Comey over at the FBI
was that the FBI wanted to reopen the
Hillary investigation and Barack Obama's
DOJ did not want to reopen the Hillary
investigation in the aftermath of
learning that there were Hillary Clinton
emails on Huma Abedin husband's server
on P on Anthony Weiner server okay so it
wasn't like Annie McCabe is actually
being investigated for being anti Trump
in fact what he was being investigated
for was going to the press out of school
in a way that was actually anti-hillary
but on Friday the Trump administration
decided we can't let this slide his
pensions supposed to kick in on Sunday
so we'll wait till the very last minute
then we will screw him so hard and
they'll be like Debbie Does Dallas it'll
be the worst thing ever
okay that's how that's how hard they
went after he became here's what CNN
reported interning general Jeff Sessions
fired former FBI deputy director Andrew
McCabe late Friday less than two days
shy of his retirement which is such a
burn right I mean you spend 20 years
working for a place they wait until 30
seconds before you retire and get your
pension and boom there goes your pension
ending the career of an official who had
risen to serve as second-in-command at
the bureau McCabe had more recently been
regularly taunted by President Trump and
besieged by accusations he had misled
internal investigators at the DOJ in a
blistering statement Friday night McCabe
said his firing as part of a larger
effort to discredit the FBI and the
special counsels investigation quote
this attack on my credibility is one of
a larger effort not just
slander me personally but to taint the
FBI law enforcement and intelligence
professionals more generally as part of
this administration's ongoing war on the
FBI and the efforts of the Special
Counsel investigation which continue to
this day their persistence in this
campaign only highlights the importance
of the special counsel at work and in
special counsels work Suzuki Muller's
work Trump tweeted quote Andrew McCabe
fired all caps a great day for the
hard-working men and women of the FBI a
great day for democracy capital T
sanctimonious James Comey was his boss
and made McCabe look like a squire boy
he knew all about the lies and
corruption going on at the highest
levels of the FBI okay so what exactly
is crumb talking about it's not totally
clear here is where Comey may have lied
okay so what Annie McCabe said in his
statement is that he had never talked
out of school right then when he went to
the press anonymously that had been
known by people higher up in the FBI
well there was only one person higher up
in the FBI at the time that would have
been James Comey
well James Comey had said openly this
would be this would be clip 17 James
Comey had said openly in testimony that
he had never approved any anonymous
leaking to the FBI oh there's definitely
a problem you know this would seem to
contradict what Comey said now we
already know that Comey is a leaker the
question is is he a serial leaker
because we know that after he was fired
he removed his memos which by the way I
believe we're FBI material at least
seven of them and gave them to a friend
at Columbia Law School some of which at
least the information was leaked to the
media this is an even more serious
allegation because it would be occurring
when he was director and it will raise
questions of whether Comey is not just a
leaker but a liar okay and here are a
couple of the issues that are at work
one should Andrew McKay have been fired
or was it politically motivated now the
Democrats are already coming out to
defend McCabe which is hilarious because
remember McCabe was fired for leaking
anti-hillary information to the press
that's why he was fired okay should he
have been fired
yeah he should be fired a long time ago
and not only should have been fired this
case was not brought by Attorney General
Jeff Sessions just out of out of you
know out of hand this case was brought
because the Office of Professional
Responsibility which is a nonpartisan
group inside the FBI which is known for
not going after people very hard went
really hard after Andy McCabe and said
he did something really wrong and they
gave a recommendation
to the FBI that he'd be fired and that
hits the DOJ that he'd be fired and that
his pension essentially be suspended
Donald Trump now that brings us to
question number two in question number
two is why does this matter right why
isn't it just a guy did something wrong
at the FBI now he's been fired and
McCabe's take is well Trump is gonna use
this to try and blast the entire FBI as
corrupt and then suggest that they were
out to get him and are still out to get
him and that's what the Muller
investigation is and Trump's normal
response to this would be listen I'm not
trying to stop the Muller investigation
they're doing their own thing what you
did is wrong what Muller is doing is
what Muller is doing and we'll deal with
that as it comes but unfortunately the
President of the United States continues
to make himself look more and more
guilty now so I think the president is
actually guilty of collusion no I don't
do I think the president is guilty of
obstruction no because I think it's very
difficult for the president to be guilty
of obstruction according to the laws
that are on the books right I've looked
at all those laws who have discussed
them multiple times on the program
before very difficult for the President
of the United States to actually be
guilty of obstruction with that said the
president is making himself look more
guilty by flailing around like a crazy
person like Kermit the Frog in that jiff
oh that's what the president is
basically doing on Twitter every day so
after mccabe is fired instead of him
just saying listen mccabe had to go
mccabe was a problem and then saying
Comey had to go Comey was a problem
instead it turns into Comey was a
problem McCabe is a problem Ann Muller
is a problem so President Trump tweeted
out warning Robert Muller and this
follows a week in which Muller it came
out is now investigating the financial
ties that Trump has all his financial
dealings Trump had said a long time ago
that was a red line for him that if
Muller started looking into his
financial dealings he'd seriously
consider firing Muller so if you're on
the Left here's what this lineup of
events looks like motor starts
investigating Trump's finances Trump
fires McCabe or Jeff Sessions fires
McCabe and then Trump says let's fire
Muller right it looks like you could
just skip the middleman and it looks
like Trump is trying to shut down Muller
because he doesn't like what Muller is
looking at if you're on the Left I can't
say that's completely implausible based
on the president's behavior what I
really think this is is Trump has been
wildly annoyed I know everyone in the
White House is very very annoyed with
the continuation of an investigation
they think has no merit and they feel
like it's just dogging the president day
in and day out Trump is a guy who
fixates on things right whether it is
unmentionables or whether it is Robert
Muller the man fixate on things and once
he fixate he doesn't let go
also not a joke I meant making
Trump tweeted the side he said why does
the Muller team have 13 hardened
Democrats some big crooked Hillary
supporters and zero Republicans Capital
Z another dem recently added does anyone
think this is fair and yet there is no
collusion all caps whenever I yell like
that it means it's all capital letters
um I do think there's a sort of et
Cummings quality to president Trump's
tweets you know what the random
punctuation and the capital letters it
is amusing to me
in any case Trump also tweeted out Wow
watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G
when asked have you ever said that be
senator Graham not like Original
Gangster senator G when asked have you
ever been an anonymous source or known
someone else to be an anonymous source
he said strongly never no he lied as
clearly shown on Fox and Friends okay
all of this is to say that the President
of the United States is not making
himself look particularly good here with
all of this activity even though Andy
McCabe had to go because I don't
understand what mccabe had to do with
the Muller investigation per se remember
the Muller investigation only began the
special counsel was only appointed
because the president insisted on using
rod Rosenstein as his hit man to go
after James Comey and that meant that
rod Rosenstein now became a witness in
the Comey matter which meant that he had
to appoint a special investigator it
really had nothing to do with Andy
McCabe Trump has basically seized on
every piece of evidence that there are
members of the FBI who didn't like him
as evidence that everything against him
is wrong and false and slanderous and I
don't see how you get from point A to
point B I'm willing to hear the case but
I don't really see what mccabe has to do
with the Muller investigation per se in
every attempt that Trump makes to
connect the two makes it look like he's
sort of desperate now I know there are
people on the right who are very angry
with me when I say this because they
want to believe that President Trump is
totally right on all of us there's a
deep state coup that's happening and
Andy McCabe was part of this deep state
coup again you're gonna need the
evidence yeah I need the evidence to see
that in order for me to believe that and
there's a really good piece in The Wall
Street Journal about how truth has sort
of become tribal on both sides with
regard to American politics these days
that unfortunately people are believing
what they want to believe instead of
believing things are true and if you say
to them I need the evidence for that
then this shows that you're not true
this shows that you're not part of the
tribe and therefore you are disloyal
so I say president Trump makes an
assertion I won't know whether the
assertion is true this is a symptom of
my disloyalty whereas if I would just
say Trump said it and if people attack
him on the truth then it's even more
true because they're just attacking
Trump then you know then I would be I
guess to try
well I'm not into the tribal loyalty
thing as you may have noticed so I'm
going to ask again what McCabe's firing
has to do with robert muller and why the
president is connecting the two what's
even worse is the president Trump's
lawyer is coming out and saying the same
thing so his personal attorney on
Saturday called on Deputy Attorney
General Brad Rosen stands to shut down
the Special Counsel investigation into
Trump's campaign associates ties to
Russia listen I'm fine with the end of
this investigation but I think Trump
firing him is not going to be a good
look for him I'll explain why this is a
problem for Trump by his lawyer was was
saying stupid things in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at blue apron so blue
apron as you know is the leading meal
delivery ket in the United States is the
number one fresh ingredient recipe
delivery service in the country and
their mission is to make incredible home
cooking accessible to everyone and right
now they offer a bunch of plans they
have a two-person meal plan a family
meal plan a wine plan they have all
sorts of great meals that are part of
their schedule and looking at the meals
right now the pictures of them you're
talking things like QuickView Catania
with broccoli and pecorino cheese
Italian style shrimp and sweet peppers
over for golus Arda pasta parmesan
crusted steaks with mashed potatoes and
broccoli may not be kosher but people in
the office say it's unbelievably
delicious and I'm telling you everybody
in the office is using it they offer
convenience and variety because they're
delivering fresh pre-portion ingredients
and step-by-step recipes right to your
door
they can be cooked in under 45 minutes
the minute the menu changes every single
week based on what's in season and is
designed by blue aprons in-house Killah
nari team they offer flexibility too so
twelve new recipes every week customers
can pick two three or four recipes based
on what best fits your schedule and all
the ingredients are the highest quality
you're gonna love it I mean I love
cooking with my kids you're gonna love
it even more when you don't have to go
to the market and figure out what you're
cooking instead it all comes packaged
fresh ready to go pre pre portion is
just fantastic blue apron calm /
Shapiro's and you get 30 bucks off your
first order that's blue apron calm /
appear oh use that promo clutch Shapiro
and you get $30 again off your first
order blue apron calm / appear oh it is
a better way to cook I also use that /
up here oh so they know that we sent you
as well okay so president Trump's
attorney came out John Dowd and he said
this quote I pray that acting Attorney
General Rosen Stein will follow the
brilliant and courageous example of the
FBI Office of Professional
Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff
Sessions and bring an end to alleged
Russia collusion investigation
manufactured by
cabe's boss james comey based upon a
fraudulent and corrupt dossier this is
what dad says just ends it on the merits
in light of recent revelations so I
guess the idea here is that we know that
mccabe is corrupt
we know that mccabe you know has
supposedly lied or at least Comey has
lied and so we are now going to
attribute to James Comey that he led off
the Muller investigation on bad evidence
and so we should end this sucker right
now again remember the Muller
investigation was not originally
predicated on the car page FISA warrant
that everybody is so hot and bothered
about originally it was predicated on
the george papadapolis surveillance
Papadopoulos was was a relatively
low-level staffer I think for the Trump
campaign there's not a lot of evidence
that he was a higher-up but he was
talking with Russian sources in London
who said that they could smuggle him
hillarie emails and then he was telling
that back to the Trump campaign that's
what led off this investigation in the
first place and again we still don't
know that everything in the steel
dossier that that the FISA warrant was
based on was false
well we know that some of it was false
we don't know the entire thing was false
we know that it was politically
motivated but a lot of Apple research is
politically motivated and that doesn't
necessarily mean that is false in in any
case should this investigation have been
had been begun on the evidence that we
now see I'm not sure that it should have
should it be ended on this basis well
it's very difficult politically for the
President of the United States to end
this investigation on the basis that
Annie McCabe got fired for a completely
