Harvey Weinstein prepares for president
Morgan Freeman is accused of sexual
misconduct Joe Biden re-emerges to
challenge President Trump and we checked
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
[Music]
so it's a real bad day in Hollywood
apparently if you are a famous actor
there is a good chance that you may go
to prison or be run out of the business
we'll talk about all that in just one
second first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at blue apron so blue
apron is the leading meal delivery kit
in the United States and many people
know what they do but if you haven't
heard what they do is they send you to
your house the best ingredients pre
packaged along with recipes and then you
cook the meals at yourself and it is so
good everyone around the office is a big
fan of blue apron for a reason they
offer a bunch of different plans they
offer meal plans and for convenience and
variety and flexibility they have our
twelve new recipes each week customers
can pick two three or four recipes based
on what best fits their schedule all of
their ingredients are high-quality they
only send non GMO ingredients meat with
no added hormones everybody around the
office is using blue apron it's become
extraordinarily popular across the
United States because I mean just listen
to the kinds of dishes that you could be
making in your own home with your kids
with your family by yourself you're
saving time you're saving money yeah I
mean it just takes a lot of time to get
the kids in the car and go to a
restaurant I mean instead you stay home
you cook with them it's a lot more fun
my four year old who loves cooking with
me now I'm sure that your family will do
the same with blue apron and listen to
some of this stuff salmon and spicy
orange sauce or with quinoa and carrot
salad white cheddar cheese burgers can't
I can't even sound great for you with
balsamic glazed onion and roasted
potatoes creamy pesto cavatelli with
mushrooms and spicy breadcrumbs I mean
these a restaurant-quality dishes you
will be making yourself in your home
I've heard from everybody that they are
just fantastic and when you go to blue
apron calm right now slash Shapiro you
get your first three meals before free
so check out this week's menu I got
those first three meals for free a blue
apron calm slash Shapiro again blue
apron calm slash apparel use that slash
appear oh say no that we say no get
those first three meals for free all
right so we begin today with the big
news being Harvey Weinstein has now
turned himself in he has been arrested
now what is he being arrested on
according to Joseph curl over at Daily
wire former Hollywood movie mogul Harvey
Weinstein on Friday turned himself into
police in New York what he likely will
face serious charge and connection
charges in connection to sexual assault
of at least two women more than 100
reporters cameramen and photographers
were on hand as when she made the perp
walk at the New York Police Department's
first Precinct in lower Manhattan
Weinstein who is 66 quote stepped back
from a black SUV
wearing a blazer and carrying books
under his arm and lumbered into a
Manhattan police station before a crowd
of news cameras he didn't respond to
shouts of Harvey according to the
Associated Press
after several accusations ranging from
inappropriate touching to rape emerged
against Weinstein last year dozens of
women came out to join the barrage the
chorus grew by the day more than 75
women who've now accused the former
movie producer
but Weinstein escaped criminal charges
until now on what charges he will face
the AP said quote the exact charges
against Weinstein still had not been
made public early on Friday - law
enforcement officials told the AP the
case would include allegations by Lucia
Evans an aspiring actress who has said
the Hollywood mogul forced her to
perform oral sex on him in his office
she was among the first women to speak
out about the producer one official said
it's likely the case will also include
at least one other victim who has not
come forward publicly as of yet so the
crime could carry up to 25 years in
prison so presumably Weinstein would die
in prison in the interview at The New
Yorker last October Evans said that
Weinstein forced her into the sex act
during a meeting at his office in 2004
she was then a rising senior at
Middlebury College she said over and
over I don't want to do this stop don't
I tried to get him away but maybe I
didn't try hard enough I didn't want to
kick him or fight him
actress Rose McGowan of course has come
out and said the Weinstein raped her in
1997 in Utah
Sopranos actress anabella's Chiara said
he raped her in a New York City
apartment in 1992 Norwegian actress and
Natasha Amalfi said he attacked her in a
London hotel room in 2008 according to
the Associated Press and of course at
the Cannes Film Festival an actress
named Asia Argento delivered an intense
speech before presenting the Best
Actress Award telling a horrific story
about Hollywood movie mogul Harvey
Weinstein quote I was raped by Harvey
Weinstein here at con I was 21 years old
this festival was his hunting ground so
obviously this is a big blow to sort of
Hollywood prestige as it has been for
mantra member the entire meeti movement
was launched on the back of the Harvey
Weinstein scandal Weinstein for his part
his lawyer said in court that Harvey
Weinstein did not create the casting
couch Harvey Weinstein was not the
creator of the casting couch the casting
couch that I've discussed before on the
show is this old Hollywood trope that
men who are in charge of Hollywood would
cast you in a film if you slept with
them right the casting couch was kept in
the office and then if you wanted to be
cast in a film you want to make your way
in Hollywood then you were forced to
sleep with the producer and they made
light of it movies going all the way
back to All About Eve right and All
About Eve which won Oscar for Best
Picture Marilyn Monroe plays this young
up-and-coming kind of floozy who wants
to get
the Broadway stage and so she is is
trying to woo fat ugly old producer
who's kind of portrayed in the in the
movie as this kindly old gentlemen right
this kind-hearted old gentleman he's
kind of a goofball generally the
Hollywood casting couch has been a part
of Hollywood for as long as Power has
been a part of Hollywood and the truth
is that this sort of behavior by men
toward women has been around as long as
men have wielded power in order to gain
sex for themselves it's also been
largely turned Hollywood for years
without any sort of repercussions
because many women were willing to use
the casting couch in order to get ahead
there are a lot of women who might not
have wanted to do that in the best of
all possible worlds but they were
willing to do it so you get into some
dicey areas of consent when you have
particular people who are okay with
sleeping with a reference on like their
first choice is not that first option
it's not something that they would love
to do in a scenario where they had the
option not to do it but they weren't
exactly forcibly raped right so when
we're not talking about Harvey Weinstein
who apparently forcibly right people but
there are a lot of situations in
Hollywood in which young women know that
the best way to get ahead is to use
their sexuality to get ahead and then
you run into some dicey areas with
regard to consent because if you say to
women you shouldn't be doing this right
there's a problem you should try to be
avoiding this then those women might say
well you're violating my grounds of
consent you're saying that I can't be a
fully autonomous individual capable of
making my own decisions and then what
you end up with is weird situations in
some cases I assume where you could have
the possibility that a woman goes to an
office the producer hits on her she
sleeps with the producer and then ten
years later when it comes out that the
producer is actually a rapist in this
case Harvey Weinstein then women come
forward they say well I was pressured
into sex - which is true informally if
not formally this is the problem with an
entire culture that prizes promiscuity
as a high value now again that's no
excuse for actual rape it's not a it's
not ending any excuse for actual use of
force
Harvey Weinstein should go to jail for
the rest of his life if any of these
allegations are true he should go to
jail for the rest of his life for the
rest of his life but it is also true
that Hollywood has forwarded this kind
of conduct for a very very long time and
it is widespread in Hollywood just the
latest case in point a bunch of women
are now accusing Morgan Freeman of
inappropriate behavior and harassment
according to CNN yesterday quote a young
production assistant thought she and
landed the job of her dreams when in the
summer of 2015 she started working on
going in style a bank heist comedy
starring Morgan frame
michael caine and alan arkin but the job
quickly devolved into several months of
harassment she told CNN she alleged that
Friedman subjected her to unwanted
touching and comments about her figure
and clothing on a near daily basis
Freeman rest his hand on her lower back
will rub her lower back she said in one
incident she said Freeman kept trying to
lift up my skirt and asking if I was
wearing underwear
he never successfully lifted her skirt
she said he would touch it and try to
lift it she would move away and then
he'd try again eventually she said Ellen
Ark and made comment telling him to stop
Morgan got freaked out and didn't know
what to say well this raises the
question it's why no one else on staff
was willing to tell Morgan Freeman to
stop and the answer is because if you
tell powerful Hollywood men to stop is
the other side of the coin you tell
powerful Hollywood men to stop you will
never get a job again and this is
exactly what happened with Harvey
Weinstein if anyone complained about
Harvey Weinstein he made sure that
nobody in town worked yet in Quentin
Tarantino admitted as much he said that
Harvey would call around and say this
person is a bad person to work with you
don't want to work with this girl
because she's trouble and then these
people wouldn't get jobs ever again so
when you have powerful men in positions
of high power this is why you need more
virtuous men in the industry this is why
you need more virtuous standards in the
industry you need a bunch of people
there who are not engaged in the sexual
revolution ethos of consent is the only
value because consent is sort of
fungible in a lot of these cases in some
cases it is not and in some cases like
it sounds like with Morgan Freeman it is
not but there are some cases in which
they're a bunch of men who have had
women saying yes to them for their
entire career because women want to get
ahead in some of these cases and then
these men decide okay well that means
all women want it because they're
scumbags
hey this sort of activity is going to be
more common in any society in which
there is a certain amount of credibility
given to men with power to do whatever
they want and there is a certain amount
of reluctance to call out women for
acting in fashions that forward this
particular standard so you need two
things in order to stop okay let's come
at this from the from the other end you
need two things in order to stop what's
happening in Hollywood what you need is
number one a bunch of women who are
willing to say no to directors and then
report on them and number two you need a
society willing to hear that and a bunch
of men in Hollywood who are willing to
stand with those women and I think I
should reverse the order of those what
you really first need is a bunch of men
who are willing to report other men for
doing these terrible things and those
men need to stand up and they need to
say no to people like Harvey Weinstein a
Morgan framing anymore alan arkin
situations you need fewer Jason
Bateman's the reason I mentioned Jase
Bateman is because you now have a
situation with Jason Bateman where he
did an interview with the New York Times
and a bunch of these men it was the
Arrested Development cast in in this
lengthy Q&A in the new york times of the
cast of Arrested Development Jeffrey
Tambor is still included on the show of
course one of the stars of the show he
was recently fired from transparant
after sexual harassment allegations and
the conversation eventually turned to
Tambor's behavior on the side of
arrested development according to
Jezebel reportedly there was an incident
onset in which Tambor yelled at his
co-star Jessica Walter who is who plays
Lucille Bluth and all of the men on the
show seems disturbingly interested in
brushing it off according to Jezebel so
Tambor apparently said that he expects
to be part of the next season and
Bateman said I wouldn't do it without
you I can tell you that and then Jessica
Walter interjected that that that Tambor
had had ripped on her had yelled at her
had lashed out at her and Bateman
immediately jumped in to defend Tamra
said we've all done this by the way
Walter said you've never yelled at me
and Bateman said not to belittle what
happened well she never yelled at me
like that
and then Bateman jumped in he said this
is a family and families you know have
love laughter arguments again not to
belittle it but a lot of stuff happens
in 15 years I know nothing about trans
parent but I do know a lot about
Arrested Development and I can say that
no matter what anybody in this room has
ever done we've all done a lot with each
other for each other against each other
I wouldn't trade it for the world and I
have zero complaints well nobody asked
you there talking to Jessica Walter and
then David cross again all of these
people are on the Left all of these
people are big believers in the feminist
movement and the meets you movement okay
so you have to ask yourself why is it
that all these believers in the media
movement in the feminist movement are so
willing to overlook the misconduct of
people with whom they work and the
answer is because in Hollywood this is
the way Hollywood works it is the way
Hollywood has always worked when Harvey
Weinstein goes out there and says I
didn't invent the casting couch yes he's
disgusting yes the casting couch is
disgusting yes moral people like me have
been saying for a long time people who
are religious have been saying for a
very long time the casting couch is
disgusting and the morality of Hollywood
is disgusting but Harvey Weinstein when
he says the casting couch was not
invented by Harvey Weinstein he's not
entirely wrong in that sense he's wrong
that he's not a rapist I mean it sounds
like she probably is a rapist but again
this puts you in a weird position
because all of these men who are
supposedly in favor of feminism are
standing around defending guys who are
acting like under grease balls so here's
David Cross he says you know one thing
Jeffery has said a lot of times that I
think is important
I often hear from somebody in his
position is that he has learned from the
experience and he's listening and
learning and growing that's important to
remember
well it's or more important to remember
that you shouldn't have acted like that
in the first place and then then the New
York Times reporter asked if somebody
approached you and said okay here's an
actor that admits he routinely yells at
directors and assistant directors at
co-workers assistants would you hire
that person and tambour said I would
hire that person if that person said you
know I've reckoned with this and then
Bateman said again not to belittle it or
excuse it or anything but in the
entertainment industry is incredibly
common to have people who are in quotes
difficult and when you're in a
privileged position to hire people or
have an influence and who does get hired
you make phone calls and you say hey so
I've heard about I've heard X about a
person who I tell me about that and what
you learn is context and you learn about
character and you learn about work
habits Wharf X Worth work ethics and you
start to understand because it's a very
amorphous process this sort of bleeping
that you do you know making up fake life
it's a weird thing and it's a breeding
ground for atypical behavior and certain
people have certain processes in other
words all of these people are difficult
people because they're artistes and
artistes have to be given more leeway to
do what it is they do accept those
people have victims and then a bunch of
women who don't want to get involved in
the casting couch system are forced into
the casting Cal system specifically
because they will lose jobs if they do
not it's it's a real disaster area all
the way through have a little more to
say on this first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at us ECA so
this is it this is the end I've been
talking about this for weeks but this is
your absolute last chance to get your
free gun you are a law-abiding Second
Amendment loving citizen you want to
defend your family you want to offend
your friends you want defend your
country well that's why the u.s. ECA is
giving five of five of you $1,000 to buy
an expensive new dream Kimber with laser
grips and extra ammo that's right five
of you will take home $1,000 and it is
completely free to enter but your
chances to win enter this to end this
Friday there will be no guns next week
simply go to defend my family now calm
and lock in your five free chances to
win right now it is that simple you can
enter in seconds it's 100% free you're
almost out of time before the US ECA
draws those five winners so get your
name on the winners list right now head
over to defend my family now calm to
enter before it's too late don't miss
these free guns it's your absolute last
chance to fend my family now calm to
lock in your five chances again the US
you see is wonderful wonderful group of
folks they help you out with legal
advice and education about guns and in
this case they're helping you have a
chance to actually win a Kimber so go to
defend my family now
let's defend my family now calm lock in
your five chances to win a thousand
bucks for your dream Kimber and again
get armed up as a as a law-abiding
Second Amendment loving citizen you SEC
a makes it easy for you defend my family
now
dot-com so you've got Harvey Weinstein
you've got Morgan Freeman you've got a
bunch of people defending people like
this you know it's it's really
troublesome and it's troublesome again
because so many folks in Hollywood
proclaim that they are the moral
standards that we must follow these are
the moral standards who they are the
they are the light bringers when it
comes to morality and decency and when
