so here we are in the Alfie Evans case
continues to take priority in Great
Britain parkland survivor Akaka Shoob is
interviewed by the police for going to a
gun range and a feminist once your
second grader to learn about
transgenderism no I'm not joking this is
the Ben Shapiro show
[Music]
so we have a lot to get to today and the
Southie Evans case in Britain truly is
astonishing and it is accompanied by
British law enforcement focusing in
areas where let's just say they probably
should not be putting their law
enforcement focus we'll get to all of
that in just a second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at
Winged so you know you've taken a little
bit of time to bring yourself out over
the new years and now you're in the
middle of the year and you're thinking
yourself boy I could really use
something to relax well that's what wink
is for also it is great for when you
have to go over to a family member's
house and you don't know what bottle of
wine to bring you don't know anything
about wine all you know is that you need
something better than Manischewitz
grapes grape juice with some sort of
coughing syrup inside and so you need a
good wine well that's what wink is for
wink makes it easy to discover a great
wine winks wine experts select lens
match to your taste personalized for you
shipped right to your door starting just
13 bucks a bottle there's nothing like
coming home into a box of delicious wink
wine selected just for you it is the
best day of your mom so here's how it
works you go over to wink and then you
try their palate profile quiz you answer
simple questions their average store
clerk wouldn't ask or translate into a
recommendation like how do you take your
coffee and how do you feel about
blueberries and then they send you wines
curated to your taste the more wines you
rate the more personalized your monthly
selections each month there are new
delicious wines right now they're
popular wine is the summer water rose a
so go over and check it out right now at
Tri wink comm slash Bend and you get 20
bucks off your first shipment
let's try blink comm / pen winc t ry
winc comm / pen for $20 off again try
wink comm / Ben so they know that we
sent you alright so I have to say the
the British law enforcement system I
think they have their priorities all
screwed up so I'm going to show you
something that the British law
enforcement system is cracking down on
and then I'm going to show you something
that the british law enforcement system
is something else they are doing and
you'll see the difference right away so
they're obviously spending heavy amounts
of time right now cracking down on
people who violate traffic ordinances so
this has become a very popular clip
online the the local police in britain
tweeted out that this one guy who was
speeding and violating the law and had a
laser jammer I guess that was aimed at a
traffic camera he was flipping off the
traffic camera always in North Yorkshire
North Yorkshire
police they tweeted out top top tip if
you want to stay out of trouble don't do
what this driver did and swear in our
mobile safety cameras while driving past
in a car fitted with the laser jammer
today this guy is beginning eight months
in jail for perverting at the course of
justice and then they released a video
of this of this fellow who is who's
driving with his finger up in the air
flipping off the camera
so it's so you know this this is where
they're putting their focus now what's
amazing about this is that obviously
they're not just mad that the guy had a
laser jammer which apparently is illegal
it perverts the court of justice the
they're really upset that he was
flipping off the traffic cameras so this
is where they're putting heavy focus
other places where the Brits are putting
a heavy focus right now so they just
gave an 800 pound fine to a guy who had
his girlfriend's pug make a Nazi salute
on YouTube okay so here's the story
there's this guy in Britain who's a
YouTube kind of lols guy all he does is
make funny YouTube videos and he doesn't
like his girlfriend's pug dog and so his
girlfriend is constantly going on and on
about how cute this pug dog is so while
she was out of town he trained the Pug
dog to give a Nazi salute every time he
said gas the Jews okay so it's
ridiculous it's comedy maybe it's funny
to something not funny to others the
brits find this guy 800 pounds he barely
escaped a jail sentence for training a
pug dog to do a joke Nazi salute
so that's what the British authorities
are focused on here's what they are not
focused on they're not focused on rape
gangs in Britain according to the UK
independent grooming gangs abused more
than 700 women and girls around
Newcastle with arrogant persistence
after police appeared to punish victims
while letting the perpetrators walk free
a case reviews found the report into the
response by authorities to child sexual
exploitation found that before a large
scale police operation was launched in
2014
officers actions were sending an
unhelpful message to perpetrators
investigators said the abuse could not
be stopped without work to understand
the profiles motivations and cultural
influences of perpetrators after finding
similarities with grooming in Rotherham
Rockdale and oh and Oxford and Oxford um
here is the reason why they've been so
soft on these grooming gangs it's
because these grooming gangs are largely
Muslim men and so every time they're in
the press they referred to a South Asian
men they the religion is never mentioned
we're supposed to pretend that
unassimilated radical Muslim immigration
into various European societies
no impact but the Brits are not focused
on that no instead they are ensuring
that a child must die so the big story
out of the UK today is actually the
story of Alfie Evans and this is very
similar to the case you'll remember of
Charlie guard Charlie guard was a an 11
month old baby who had a degenerative
brain condition and the British courts
ruled that the hospital could Trump his
parents wishes his parents wanted to
bring him to the United States for
experimental treatments and the British
Court system ruled at the hospital which
had testified that would be against the
child's interests for him to be moved to
the United States for the possibility of
further treatment they ruled instead
that the kid had to be removed from life
support and the parents had to watch him
die well now they're doing the same
thing to alfie Evans who's 2 years old
suffers from an undiagnosed brain
condition that has left him in the semi
vegetative state and he's been ordered
removed from life support by the British
government over the wishes of his
parents his parents want to ship him to
Italy and put him under the care of the
Vatican Hospital his parents wanted to
move him there to pursue palliative
measures but the British Court ruled
that that would not be an Alfie's best
interest instead would be an alfea's
best interest who died which is an
amazing ruling right the ruling that it
would be better for you to die does not
seem like a medical ruling it seems like
a values ruling it seems like a ruling
in favor of euthanasia as opposed to a
ruling in favor of the possibility of a
medical miracle or in favor of the
possibility that maybe some doctor knows
something that you don't so they removed
him from life support pursuant to the
order of a British Court and then Alfie
continued to breathe on his own for 15
hours after being disconnected from life
support they didn't think that was gonna
happen they thought he died as soon as
he was removed from life support the
hospital still has not reconnected him
to oxygen machines even though he has
lived for 15 hours without the oxygen
machines there's supposed to be another
court hearing today and Alfie Evans is
dead has it has talked to the media
about all this because I'm still
fighting I'm still fighting and so
Sophie appeared so to the ambassador of
Italy if these doctors
my son's life to be done by the audience
if these amazing my son and I'm
confident he will decide I've been a
facade every minute of every day no but
my son's life lies in jelly beans hands
and he's a member of Italy my son
belongs to Italy and I'm not stopping
this fight until I look to Sami
okay this is so the the Italian
government gave alfie is Hallion
citizenship so that they could issue a
an effort to save his life in the
European High Court you know the United
States government tried to do that I
believe with Charlie guard it was
something I was encouraging Congress
people do is give him honorary
citizenship so they could make a case
that he ought to be removed from Britain
and headed over to the United States
Pope Francis has tweeted moved by the
prayers and immense solidarity shown
little Alfie Evans I renew my appeal
that the suffering of his parents may be
heard and that their desire to seek new
forms of treatment may be granted again
all this comes down to is in Britain
they believe that in a conflict between
the parents and the hospital in a case
of controversy not in a case where
clearly you know the parents are
refusing a life-saving treatment for
example but in a case where the parents
wants who saved the life then the
hospital's want the kid to die they're
saying the hospital still have full
range over what exactly should happen to
the kid which is just an amazing amazing
argument amazing anti life bureaucratic
argument you know evil comes in a lot of
forms in terms of government evil comes
in the form of tyranny evil comes in the
form of communism evil comes in the form
of governments that they take a
hands-off position with regard to murder
evil also comes in the form of
bureaucratic niceties
you know bureaucrats who sit atop the
top of the world in their little offices
in Britain and decide whether a child
should live or die
because they know more than the parents
do or because the hospital
administrators say they know more than
the parents did the British government
actually had to place 30 officers around
the hospital to prevent protesters from
attempting to move the baby those
protestors were attempting to storm the
hospital and remove the baby and by the
way this father I believe under an under
natural right has every right to grab
that baby and make a break for it and
push everyone out
his way it's his baby it's his kid and
he's not something to kill the kid he is
attempting to save the kid the hospital
is attempting to kill the kid it's just
an amazing thing now here's my question
where is the American left in all of us
so the American right is saying you got
to save this kid's life you got to do
everything possible to save this kid's
life where's the American left in all
this and the American left it suggests
that abortion is fine because just a
cluster of cells but once the baby is
born it's no longer just a cluster of
cells where are they for all of this the
American left that cheered I remember
there's a movie called John Key who came
out in 2002 has moved with Denzel
Washington and the movie was about a
black kid who had an enlarged heart and
they didn't have the money to pay for
his heart surgery and so John Q took
over the hospital with a gun and tried
to hold the doctors hostage to perform
the surgery on his son and this movie
was was praised to the skies by liberals
because liberals said this is what the
American Health System is like well in
this particular case this is not about
who's paying for what the parents aren't
asking the British government to pay for
anything in this particular case you've
got a father who is trying to remove his
son from a hospital to save the son's
life and the American left is utterly
silence when it comes to free market
economics in the health care system in
the United States then they're very
upset when it comes to actual
bureaucratic murder happening in the UK
then the American left just goes
completely silent which says to me that
this has a lot less to do with how they
think the health care system should be
run and a lot more to do with how they
value human life that if the baby has
some sort of degenerative brain
condition that this is a baby that is
not deserving of life you can see the
short leap from here to the eugenics of
the left in the early 20th century it is
not a long leap by any means whatsoever
it really is horrifying and to show how
horrifying it is and just remember this
week the British royal family Princess
Kate and her husband Prince Harry they
had a baby this week and the entire
nation of Britain celebrated and this is
a beautiful thing
of course imagine if god forbid god
forbid one of the members of the royal
family had a child like Alfie Evans do
you really think do you really think the
royal family would allow the hospital to
kill the child in violation of the will
of the parents do you really think that
would happen or is there a class
differentiation even in the system where
we pretend there is no class
differentiation is there a difference
between royal and rich in Britain and
being poor and in the clutches of the
National Health Service the answer is of
course there is one
the government gets to say what sort of
care you deserve and what sort of care
you must be provided they also get to
say what sort of carrot you don't
deserve and what is best for the chat is
best for the child so there are folks
who say this has nothing to do with
nationalized health care because it
isn't a question of rationing but
inherently it is a question of how a
ration system considers the value of
human life because they do have to make
calls as to what is best for particular
human lives and they also have to decide
whether they think a human life is worth
living at a particular point and they've
decided this kid is suffering and that
his suffering is not worth trying to
preserve his life which isn't their
decision in the first place it really is
horrifying
it really is discussing in this
demonstrative of the difference in value
held between the right and the left when
it comes to saving human lives even even
kids like Alfie Evans it's just it's
devastating it's devastating this kid is
the same age as my own kid and the
thought of the hospital trying to do
this to me with my regard my own kid is
so horrifying I can't imagine a
situation which I would not bring a gun
and try to break my kid out just because
I mean I don't know what the hell the
right the hospital has to tell a parent
what his best interest for their child
when it comes to trying to kill the
child again it's one thing to say that
the kid should be that the kid should be
allowed to get a treatment when the
parents don't want the kid to get a
treatment it is another thing to say the
kid should be deprived of life-saving
support because the hospital thinks
differently in the parent is just
unbelievable well I have more on this
but for that before we get to that first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at up side so you know the fact is
that if you were an astronaut right now
you'd want to be talking to Mission
Control on a regular basis well when you
are traveling you also want to be
talking to Mission Control on a regular
basis or at least you want to have
access to Mission Control if something
should go wrong well that's what up side
comm is for up side comm the folks at up
side are your Mission Control they're
looking out for you every step of the
way
handling any problems that might pop up
they've got a team of specialists
working 24/7 to make sure your flight
hotel and car rental all go off without
a hitch they monitor your trip around
the clock they proactively keep you
posted on everything from if it's gonna
rain to alternative return flights home
in case you want to squeeze in one more
meeting you don't get that level of
service from any of these other travel
sites I know I've used them up side has
the best service I promise we use it
here at the office for easy booking
competitive prices and a team that
always has your back book your next
business trip at upside calm and for a
limited time when you book that first
business trip with upside you'll get a
minimum $100 amazon.com gift card just
go to up side comm slash pen to book
your first business trip that's upside
comm slash pen and you get
at least a $100 amazon.com gift card
when you book that first trip again 600
minimum purchase required 600 our
minimum purchase required while supplies
last you decide for complete details go
to up side that calm slash mana lets
them know we sent you and you get $100
amazon.com gift card when you book your
first trip so go check it out there's no
reason not to had every reason to do so
upside calm slash Ben alright so
speaking of authorities that have
overreached in incredibly dramatic
fashion
so Kyle cashew of who I've become
friendly with the the parkland student
who is pro-gun right for a second
amendment yesterday he called me up and
he told me that he had been called by
school administrators to sit before
school security and be grilled
what exactly did Kyle do that required
school security the armed resource
officers the armed school resource
officers to actually sit across from him
and grill him well he went to the gun
range with his dad which last I checked
in America is not only perfectly legal
but highly recommended people should
learn to shoot with their parents they
should learn to shoot they should learn
how to use a gun they shouldn't know
what a gun safety looks like and Kyle is
a kid who has met with a multiplicity of
senators on both sides of the aisle he's
gone to the White House in an attempt to
push solutions to gun violence he was
called by administrators down to the
office and then he was grilled for 10 to
15 minutes over this over over pictures
of him at a gun range until you tweeted
out it was great learning about our
inalienable right of Second Amendment
and how to properly use a gun this is my
first time ever touching a gun and it
made me appreciate the Constitution even
more my instructor was very informative
I learned a lot Second Amendment is
important and we need to preserve the
Second Amendment and obviously these
sounds like the words of a deeply
violent human being right obviously Kyle
is a threat to public safety it wasn't a
threat to public safety 130 times 30
times the police weren't informed about
the shooter in parkland and weren't able
to remove his guns from him it wasn't a
threat to public safety when the FBI
ignored two separate red flag warnings
about the shooter in Parkland but Kyle
he's a real threat because he went to a
gun range with an instructor and his
father and then tweeted about the value
of the Second Amendment under the
Constitution it really is an
unbelievable thing the fact is that so
here's what Kyle told me yesterday what
