the media play propagandists for Hamas
Seattle passes the Amazon tax and the
Trump administration cracks down on
leakers I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh man so much news to get to you today
but first I want to let you know the Ben
Shapiro show you missed it we're headed
to a live venue this August I'm
recording my podcast live in Dallas and
Phoenix and you'll be able to see me in
person and join in an audience Q&A and
we'll also be doing a special VIP event
beforehand with in signing a
meet-and-greet for 200 superfans so
visit daily wire.com slash events for
more information presale tickets
actually are on sale today at 10 a.m.
local time so if you're a daily wired
premium subscriber he had access to
seats until May 17th at 10:00 p.m. and
that's when general admission go on sale
and tickets will run out fast if you're
not a subscriber this is indeed the best
time to subscribe so you can get one of
these tickets in advance again visit
dailyrx.com slash events for more info
that's daily wired.com slash events for
more info in August Dallas and Phoenix
be there be square daily wear comm slash
events and subscribes you can get those
early tickets and we can meet we can
hang out it'll be we'll be best friends
it'll just be awesome
now as I say there's lots of news
there's lots of news breaking but before
I get to any of that news first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
zip recruiter so your business needs
better employees how do I know because
you are a business and all businesses
need better employees well if you're
seeking to upgrade your existing
employee base or if you're just looking
for a new hire zip recruiter is the
place for you they learn what you're
looking for the identify people with the
right experience and they invite them to
apply to your job these invitations have
actually revolutionized how you can find
your next tire in fact 80% of employers
who post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day and zip recruiter doesn't
stop there they even spotlight the
strongest applications you receive so
you never miss a great match we use zip
recruiter here at the daily wire when
we're looking for new folks or when
we're looking to get rid of particular
producers don't sleep too easy guys the
right candidates are out there zip
recruiter is how you find them and right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free just go to zip recruiters comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire use that daily wire so
they know we sent you zip recruiter is
the smartest way to hire make sure that
you go and check them out and again use
that slash daily wire so you can try
them for free the best way to find your
new employee zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire all right so the media are
awful they're awful
I've been highly critical of the phrase
fake news because I feel like it's
overused I think there a lot of people
out there who use the phrase fake news
to mean news I don't like but what we
have seen over the past 48 hours
has been absolutely fake news from the
mainstream media who are just parroting
lines from Hamas at this point they are
just parroting lines from one of the
world's worst terror groups it is
obvious and it is disgusting really
horrify me it's nothing new in 2014 I
was on CNN in the middle of the Gaza war
and I actually told the CNN anchor to
her face that Hamas was in fact a
propaganda wing of what that CNN was a
propaganda wing of Hamas because it was
clear at that time when they were
claiming that Israel is indiscriminately
targeting civilians even as Hamas was
hiding its headquarters under a hospital
and hiding weapons in mosques and
schools see Hamas says this here it has
a certain goal their goal is to make
headlines they know they're never gonna
be able to defeat Israel in any military
fashion and they also know that Israel
has no interest in going into the Gaza
Strip again and deposing them because
then Israel has to run the place and
they don't want to do that so Hamas has
it kind of easy all they have to do is
make sure their own population doesn't
rebel against them and the way to do
that is by attacking if Israel every so
often and getting a lot of glowing press
from the world and the world is happy to
give that glowing press because the
world despises Israel for the same
reason that the world despises America
they say Israel as a colonizing power in
the Middle East even though the history
of Israel shows that the Jews have been
there continuously for three thousand
years no according to the left Israel is
a colonial imperialist power in the
Middle East
stomping its boot all over the faces of
the people who are there before that is
historically inaccurate but that is the
story that is told by folks on the left
wing and so anytime they can say that
Israel is acting illegitimate Lee they
will do that and that's exactly what
they have been doing over the past 48
hours so first I want to start with this
headline from the New York Daily News so
the New York Daily News this is 15 the
New York Daily News put up put out this
headline this was their front page today
this is a blood libel and for people who
don't know what the blood libel is a
blood libel is the old anti-semitic
canard that Jews killed Christian
children then used their blood in
Passover matzos it was used as a as a an
excuse to murder Jews and pogroms for
legitimately centuries and that's what
this is right here this daily news cover
because the idea here is that the Jews
are just happy to kill non-jews that's
the idea so here's what it says it's a
picture of Anka Trump looking very
pretty she was there at the dedication
of the new US Embassy in Jerusalem she's
dressed to the nines and the picture is
her gesturing to her to her left okay
and what she was actually gesturing to
was a
placard that is on the building that
says dedicated by US President Donald
Trump okay but the Daily News has put a
picture over that and the picture they
put over that is a picture of some
wounded Palestinian being dragged away
by other Palestinians and then in giant
headline it says daddy's little ghoul
daddy's little ghoul so to Vanka Trump's
fault
and then Hamas has now put up thousands
of people to storm the Israeli border in
an attempt to get people killed
specifically so the media will cover it
this way so it says daddy's little ghoul
fifty five slaughtered in Gaza but
Ivanka all smiles at Jerusalem embassy
unveil fu Daily News fu I mean this is a
blood libel it is it's it's it's saying
Ivanka Trump was Jewish Ivanka just like
all those other Jews look at her she
doesn't care if Palestinians get killed
she doesn't care of innocents are having
their bloodshed she doesn't care about
any of those things and that's what's
happening if you look at the media
coverage today it is all that it's all
look at these innocent Palestinians
being slaughtered wholesale by the udin
it's just terrible how could the Jews do
something quite so awful now you're
getting this routine from Stephen
Colbert rights here's Stephen Colbert
mocking Donald and Ivanka and Jared
Kushner also Jewish over the Jerusalem
embassy opening now the president
couldn't be there himself because you
know the angry people so instead he sent
peace treaty Barbie and collusion Ken
[Applause]
jared explained that the embassy was
good for peace okay well isn't that
funny because he's got that they're
making fun of his high voice by piping
in somebody with a higher voice oh it's
so funny the entire media yesterday he
was putting this stuff on split-screen
they were putting on split-screen the
situation in Jerusalem with the
situation in Gaza now let's be real
about the situation in Gaza Hamas has
organized for weeks these riots at the
border in an attempt dramatically to
create footage that they can then use as
an excuse to claim that Israel is the
great oppressor in the Middle East it is
it is produced it is created this is not
a spontaneous uprising it's not a
spontaneous peaceful protest this is in
fact a series of riots directed at
invading the Israeli border and this
isn't just me saying this ok this is top
members of Hamas Hamas is the
government's in the Gaza Strip notice
yet notice that yesterday
amidst all of this chaos on the Gaza
Strip there was nothing happening in the
engine and Samaria in the West Bank
nothing Palestinian Authority they
weren't doing this so there was nobody
to border nothing was happening in
Jordan nothing was happening in Egypt
nothing was happening in Saudi Arabia
nothing was happening in Iran nothing
was happening in Syria nothing was
happening in Lebanon nothing was
happening which suggests that maybe this
was being produced for the cameras by
Hamas how do I know that it was being
produced by the cameras for the cameras
back from us well because the
Palestinians been saying this because
Hamas has been saying this so for
example let me show you let me play for
you a video of Hamas leader Yahya sin
whare okay this is from early April is
April 6th okay I'm on translate I have
the translation in front of me from
memory ok here is Yahya seonhwa who is
the head of Hamas in the Gaza Strip he's
the governor he's the guys the head of
the government there says we have come
out today and we will come out also in
the next few days our people and our
boys will surprise the entire world with
what they have in store let them wait
for our big push we will take down the
border with Israel and we will tear out
their hearts from their bodies peaceful
protest guys it's just a peaceful
protest and if you point out the
Colossus a violent terrorist group and
then the people of the Gaza Strip
elected
in 2006 to lead them this is in politic
you can't mention this this is a bunch
of women and children and babies who are
sitting peacefully and then the Israelis
started shooting them if you pay
attention to the mainstream media
coverage by the way it's not just the is
Anwar this was yesterday a Hamas
official on al-jazeera explaining that
those were not peaceful protests these
are not peaceful protesters from
al-jazeera network a senior Hamas
official named Mahmoud all Zohar again
I'll read you the translation when you
have weapons that are being wielded by
man who are able to prevent the
strongest army in the region from
entering the Gaza Strip for 51 days and
we're able to capture or kill soldiers
in that army is this really peaceful
resistance this is not peaceful
resistance missings
here's the option of armed struggle
diminished is it again a from official
no on the contrary it is growing and
developing that's clear so when we talk
about peaceful resistance we are
deceiving the public this is peaceful
resistance bolstered by a military force
and by security agencies and enjoying
tremendous popular support
it's a Hamas is very obvious about what
they're doing folks they're not hiding
the ball here the media are actively
complicit in this anti-israel blood
libel in this anti-jewish blood libel
and they are actively complicit at this
point in what amounts to a blood libel
against Jews suggesting the Jews are
indiscriminately shooting people on mass
it is a lie it is not true hey here's
tape of Palestinians attempting to
breach the border fence Israel has been
dropping leaflets all over Gaza saying
do not try to approach the border fence
or you will be shot that's because
they've been using the border fence
trying to break through the border fence
in order to kill Jews yesterday they
were saying openly there are
Palestinians who are telling the press
openly what their goal was it was so
funny the press was trying to say well
you guys don't really mean any of this
stuff right you don't really mean any of
this stuff on NPR one of the NPR anchors
a stay Gaza and with a kite with a
swastika on it why he was flying us kite
with a swastika on it and he said the
Jews go crazy when you mention Hitler so
Steve Inskeep was the anchor he said he
asked if he knows the Israelis are using
the swastikas to discredit Gazans right
so the so NPR trying to change the story
into
well you know they're selectively
choosing your type with the swastika you
know that's that's what they're doing
here so what is the Gaza and say says
it's what we mean we want them to burn
they're not being subtle there's no
subtlety here
hey the Gaza Strip is filled with people
who want Israel destroyed and want to
kill Jews okay and those people have
elected people in the Hamas government
in order to do just that if they don't
like what's going on in the Gaza Strip
well they're supposedly supposed to have
elections now there are a lot of people
who are peace-loving I'm sure in the
Gaza Strip
but not the people who are approaching
the border yesterday those are not
people who are interested in peace and
they're certainly interested in being
used as human shields by Hamas there is
no question that this is what Hamas is
doing they've admitted this hey you can
see that these guys are bringing
sandbags toward the border wall and now
you see this guy this kid they're
sending out kids and teenagers to bring
tires to the border wall and then burn
the tires as a distraction is a
smokescreen and then you can see all
these guys hiding behind the hill
they've been trying to go up to the
border fence with bolt cutters and
trying to cut through the border fence
this is one of the things they've been
doing also Israel had experienced
yesterday a serious problem okay does
this look like peaceful protest to you
it's not peaceful prozis a giant clouds
of black smoke that are coming from tyre
fires that are being used to obscure the
terrorist activities of people along the
border
hey the IDF the Israeli Defense Forces
they tweeted out and they tweeted out
tape of yesterday of shooting attack on
Israeli forces you're told that Israel
was firing on unarmed people
the IDF tweeted out yesterday afternoon
the IDF received intelligence the Kumasi
operatives were preparing to cross
through the security fence from northern
Gaza IDF Special Forces arrived at the
scene and eight armed terrorists hurled
pipe bombs and grenades at the soldiers
and the security fence and they've made
the tape available for anyone to look at
online but we're being told by the media
that Israel is the real problem here
Israel obviously is the serious issue
okay all of this is just nonsense it's
just nonsense and I have more evidence
that it's nonsense in just one second
first I want to say thanks to new
sponsors okay our new sponsors are the
folks over at betterment so I'm a person
who has a financial advisor I have a
financial advisor because I'm not the
person who wants to sit there and check
through my investments and try to figure
out what's a good investment what's a
bad investment also just like anyone
else I have a tendency to overreact to
market conditions well this is why you
need a professional investment advisor
who is going to make sure that your best
interests are taken into account
betterment is the largest online
financial adviser designed to help
customers build wealth plan for
retirement achieve their financial goals
and it's not gonna cost you an arm and
leg to have a financial adviser now they
have low fees hidden costs are nowhere
to be found at betterment no matter who
you are or how much money you invest
you've got everything from one low
transparent management fee so they're
not making money off of you you know
trading in a bunch of stock instead
you're paying one low transparent
management fee the advice is in your
best interest they are your fiduciary
which means they make recommendations in
your best interest they're not
incentivized to sell certain funds
they're not trying to sell you on
anything this isn't one of those boiler
room movies these are folks who are
there to advise you on the best
investments to make and they don't make
money off of selling all of these
recommended funds then they have tools
to help you understand how you're doing
as well they offer personalized advice a
suite of tools to help you know whether
you're on track take your investing
goals or get the retirement you want and
when you need it their tools and
guidance can help you get on track
now listen investing involves risk but
one of the ways to help mitigate that
risk is by working with an investment
advisor and the folks over at betterment
do a really great job the Ben Shapiro
show listeners right near can get up to
we can get up to one year of Managed of
management for free up to one year of
management for free for more information
visit betterment comm slash Shapiro
that's betterment comm slash Shapiro
again betterment comm slash capiro
there's a reason that you should be
looking at betterment there's a reason
you should have a financial advisor I
have one you should have one too
betterment comm slash capiro and you can
get up to one year managed for free
so again betterment comm slash apparel
use that slash appear up so they know
that we sent you ok so again all of the
evidence is that Hamas is using human
shields that Hamas is attempting to
create headlines and they're doing just
that they're doing just that they're
happy to do just that
ok according to the Israeli Security
Agency yahia usually is a Hamas member
arrested on April 29th he told them now
Hamas was instructing its activists to
cut the fence that they want their
activity to be seen quote in the
international media as a popular
uprising and not as a violent action led
by its militants and the Hamas members
are embedded in the general population
for purposes of public relations another
Palestinian terrorist captured by Israel
said that quote Hamas militants in
civilian clothes
encourage children to try to cross the
fence in order to steal IDF equipment in
other words Hamas is using human shields
they're using women they are using
children they are trying to breach the
fence their plan here is that they the
operatives are not gonna breach the
they're gonna let women in children do
it and then they're going to rush
through into Israel and attempt to kill
as many Jews as possible never mind the
Hamas has participated in an ongoing war
with Israel since its election in 2006
they fought Israel 2006 2008 2012 2014
and now they never mind that it must be
the Israelis it must be these it must be
Ivanka Trump this must be a Bank of
trumps fault you know before Ivanka
Trump know this was happening before
about the troubles like Hamas was an
evil terrorist group trying to kill
people it wasn't like they committed
homicide bombings trying to murder
people no no they would never do
