[Music]
everybody to the h3 podcast we were
formerly known as the h3 experience but
I have to say after meditating this
weekend I believe we are now the h3
trans sensual experience we have gone
beyond the experience we have
transcended time and space
welcome to the correct opinion zone this
is the Tuesday episode where we talk
about current events and basically
everything you're going to hear here is
the correct opinion you need another one
of those this is no longer an experience
my did it worked in I guess we miss you
have to hit it one more time turn it off
guys today's episode is sponsored by
honey and I want to plead you all guys
please everyone who watches on YouTube
head on over to iTunes Spotify Google
podcast play whatever the heck they're
doing and subscribe to us there so you
can get us in your car in your commute
wherever the heck you are where you
don't get access to videos listen to us
on the podcasting app let's get those
numbers up because we are transcending
the genre and the experience itself so
slam those subscribe buttons I do you
boy a solid this Friday we've got Tim
Heidecker coming up what excited about
that so don't miss that yeah last night
yeah we were on kill Tony
kill Tony is the number one they love
saying yeah and it's true number one
live podcast live world but it's live in
front of a live audience yeah and they
do it every Monday night at the Comedy
Store they tour a lot too right but they
were gracious enough to have us on the
show and it was a blast those guys are
awesome I can't wait to have them in
here live kill Tony check it out we were
on there there their show but obviously
don't click away because we're just
getting started
most importantly we need to talk about
Papa John yeah let's let us Papa John is
having a meltdown
Papa John spent a little too much time
like I'm saying I like my pizza a little
you know overcooked but this pizzas this
beats is a little too overcooked yeah
you know check this out
so Papa John as you guys all know
they're late great Papa John who was
outed from Papa John there's a whole
there's like a whole kind of paradoxical
situation going on Papa John Papa John
is trying to kick Papa John out but how
can Papa John be Papa John without Papa
John so Papa John the company right is
trying to kick out Papa John the person
the Shatner but they are for the John
just change your name at that point your
Papa John the pizza you can't separate
the pizza from the man so they're trying
to distance themselves from here as much
as they removed his face from the
branding that was right that's what was
the final straw for Papa himself yeah
he's like you cannot take my face off
that pie box no because basically my
face looks like a pizza pie I've spent
so much time near a pizza oven and it's
a basically preview of what's gonna be
like when you open it but they're
they're saying we can't be dependent on
one person especially this person yeah
so he made this is I love this story
this is just so he made a website Papa
himself called st. papajohns.com I am
Papa John like a Spartacus you know that
I am Papa John he he acts like it's a
social movement where like everyone
[ __ ] cares so much about Papa John I
am Papa John we you shall not silence us
we are we are legion we are pizza so let
me read you some of the excerpts you
know how long do I feel their website
when you order beats how you can choose
the toppings and then it like Falls like
olives oh yeah all fine if it was here
still on this website you can still
order pieces for my save Papa John's
calm here you guys let me read this is
the the
his homepage so let me read an excerpt
here for you all here I built Papa
John's from the ground up and remain its
largest shareholder I love my company
its employees its franchisees its
customers they don't love you anymore
the board wants to silence me this is my
website and my way to talk to you
save Papa John's calm as I said in a
recent letter I miss you all very much
how the [ __ ] you could claim the mitt
your just your pizza CEO I miss you guys
all you fat butter loving sauced
gluttonous sons of [ __ ]
I love sometimes I'm at home and I
imagine sucking the butter garlic sauce
off your fingers I miss you all very
much more than words can express
sometimes sometimes garlic sometimes I
rub garlic sauce and use it as a
lubricant it reminds me of how much I
love you better times
Papa John's is our life's work and we
will all get through this together
somehow someway I can only imagine how
difficult this entire situation is on
you know he goes from I to we I filled
Papa John's and then he's like is our
life's work wait we will all get through
this
well imagine Papa John saying to just
some [ __ ] guy who orders pizza from
there at once a week I can only imagine
how difficult this entire situation is
on you I feel like you wrote this to you
right I think it wrote it to himself I'm
very sorry
that you all have to go through this
just know that I still finger my wife
with butter garlic sauce
Bowie's listening anything and Beau
don't even get me started about beau
that kidding right
I can only imagine how hard this has
been on beau we pack his lunch with
butter garlic sauce every day this is
this part is real know that in every
minute of every day you are in my
thoughts and my prayers who exactly
you're looking Rama clean dude occluded
in this website are links to recent
press releases news articles and recipes
to my world-famous garlic sauce which
also doubles as a really good sex
lubricant to remind you of the better
times
signed sincerely papa
butter garlic song Shatner Oh Elsa ro we
are getting the truth out there garlic
my Bart my butter garlic sauce was
invented as I tried to make my own sex
lubricant my wife tasted it accidentally
and said hey pretty good I was emotional
beautiful journey a roller coaster and
except for the sex stuff that is all
written you see that was very Germanic
Papa I mean I don't know in his mind he
really sees this as a big pizza war and
people are picking sides there he has a
lot of support I mean there's people
demonstrating outside the White House
right now free papa
in his mind Papa John and Papa John Papa
John's exist without Papa John know just
like when the Civil War happened a
country divided cannot stand as the
Abraham Lincoln famously said and I feel
that Papa John is kind of a pizza civil
rights leader in his own right called
award this is a hot war this is a hot
oven war a cheesy hot oven war about oh
this is just his life story he's
actually got all the legal papers
because he's suing Papa John it's like
dude y'all started a war with a [ __ ]
make sure he could finish it
he's got feed some money anyway I just
loved his little cover letter so pop I
wish you all the best in your fight
there's a standing invitation for Papa
to complete his case on our show we had
previously reached out and better times
and I have to say Papa passed yeah he
said I got Peyton Manning throwing
pizzas into the American living rooms of
everywhere now all the sudden who would
you have left Papa who D have left me
that's who it's time to come
on this show bring the butter garlic
sauce cuz we're gonna have a good
old-fashioned reach-around soggy pizza
anyone know what that is soggy it's a
soggy pizza when a pizza got saggy or is
this like a metaphor there's something
else
Papa knows um Alex Jones is in the news
again but this time you may not expect
why this or this story just cracked me
up I had to talk about this alright now
Alex Jones you know and love him guys
I'm sorry I think our stream just got
pulled down why I'm just I felt for them
I look so stupid I was gonna make a joke
like that Dan you guys need to
coordinate the jokes here no well he
gave me well I am I am somewhat hesitant
to mention the boogey man named Alex
Jones hey Jay what's going a so he you
know mr. mr Turner frogs yeh was doing a
advertisement during his show recently
let me show you the video that he was
watching and and tell me if you catch
something in this video because it's
free its brief but the this internet
soup supersleuths did find it so watch
closely now
heard about it from family and then from
George Noory and others that I had to
get involved Infowars yes so far cement
in force yes calm to go look all of that
up did you catch it no how does he talk
that guy they talk if you later on over
fo yeah he's all dad advertising
nutrition when his voice sorry it's the
Alex Jones voice [ __ ] my throat Apple
was he doing an ad for skin
hmm I love it he's so funny man he puts
on so many hats like he'll advertise
anything and all of a sudden he's doing
Infowars yes it's like a Martha Stewart
Brand info worse yes
get your skincare products over here at
well anyway so well the family and then
from George Noory and others that I had
to get involved Infowars yes there's no
space on that in force - dot-com to go
look all of it looks like flesh so he's
showing all of his open tabs brows phone
no [ __ ]
yep so the internet super sleuth went to
work crunching the numbers Turing the
frogs gay and what came up will shock
you know here it is the title of the
video in question was naughty tea babe
Marisa minx relieved of [ __ ] hunger by
stuff can I open I can I show this let
me see if I can show an image of this
you know I can't show the more you know
the thing but it's basically I mean
really all you need is that title let me
read that for you again if I can not ET
babe stands for trans it's a girl penis
for those who are not initiated she's
not et babe Marissa minx relieved of
[ __ ] hunger by stud that's how that is
of an event is Stan - with the sentence
better really what do you want me to
break down not ET babe she's a naughty
girl with a big old dick presumably okay
she and then her name is Marissa minks
and she has such she has an insatiable
[ __ ] hunger you look she is so thirsty
for coffee she's so hungry she's
relieved she's fine she has insatiable
hunger for [ __ ] but yet did but what's
this done I feel like I know it said I
want to make sure that is the guy that
[ __ ] okay I think it goes back to a
horse it's like a horse no but it's like
that guy's off
[ __ ] stud so this girl with this
insatiable hunger for cop has finally
after all of her searching on the earth
for this one stud that could relieve her
thirst for [ __ ] she was relieved of [ __ ]
hunger hmm
by stud so that's pretty interesting and
I'm not one to judge you know watch
whatever you want but it is Alex Jones
and he did have a video title not ET
babe Merc me relieved relieved of [ __ ]
hunger hmm I love the Alex Jones was
watching that he hasn't addressed it by
the way oh
I mean how what'd he say yes she was
relieved of her [ __ ] hunger to be fair
he may he may have addressed it but I
hunted really hard and this is such
outstanding news that if you if you
google anything related to this all
you're gonna find his articles about you
know was insatiable tea babe the
interesting thing about Alex Jones
watching a trans porn is that heat one
of his strikes that he got before the
closure of his channel was for he called
trans people mentally ill that's nice
he's like you may be mentally ill but
I'm I mean that doesn't mean I can't
beat off to it does that make him
mentally ill if he likes it I guess it
does I can't leave you what I said
couldn't make him I just love this is so
funny so funny man mmm so relieved of
[ __ ] hunger next time you see Alex Jones
just remember that by stud nice little
story great little story wish we had
Alex Jones to call him you tell us about
mm-hmm 90 day fiancé
love the show we've talked about a lot
about this show not a 90 day fiancé
yeah and fisa and George the gold digger
yeah so in this story this this show is
just a gold mine yeah
90-day fiance eats well I thought this
show was like an old show but it's oh
man I mean it may have been around for I
don't know how long it's been around
just looks like it's from their night
days yeah yeah but it's still going III
got a set DVR to record this show
because it seems like gotta be one of
the more entertaining shows on TV so
this lady has married I believe in
African and she is in Africa visiting
the family now the family one of their
native dishes is snails and she's very
hesitant to eat the snails which makes
sense to me yeah be respectful in the
face of your fiance's family and you eat
the snails and you enjoy them right okay
she's you know she doesn't seem to be so
on has a problem eating food so she
doesn't seem necessarily that she should
have a problem putting it down but got a
little nice like tomato sauce in there a
little creamy okay native dish it's very
quiet is a quiet food energies I'm uh
I'm boosting it as much as possible
this is cellphone quality the if she
takes a little but I'm okay with it she
ripped half off and it's in her mouth
and she's saying kiss me my her fiance
kissed me and get it out of my mouth Oh
gross they're watching by the way you're
not slipping up so what are you they saw
that yeah so she basically said to her
fiance kiss me and let me spit it into
your mouth so that I don't have to chew
it anymore
that's not paying respect to anyone I
mean that's horrifying thing to witness
just spit it out on your plate and say
Amen name for me hey come here pretend
to kiss me I'll spit in your mouth
nobody will know they're all look
they're all the cameras airing right you
know it there's like three cameras
watching hey let's get let's get another
one of that a let's get a slow-mo if we
can point to five no I don't know no how
are you are we yeah man let's see let's
get it close look kiss me
she's like damn I only don't she's like
I only [ __ ] with butter garlic sauce say
Papa say Papa John calm won't this white
American
mmm this takes on a whole new vibe
I hear toaster comes into the past that
a romantic kiss if I've ever seen one
sucks it right out of her mouth and he
[ __ ] chews it to that goddamn MVP
that guy just saved the day
thank you Michael he's like man the
things I do for a green card mm-hmm
these relationships on these shows are
really all about getting a green card I
don't think any of these relations are
very genuine so it's really what's so
interesting about this show is like what
is this one person it's like we wanting
to thank right it's like one eligible
dateable person matched up with one
completely undoubtable person and then
you kind of just see how much that one
dateable person can endure for a green
card and I think that guy in this moment
reached his limit he did it no yeah he
did it damn very special stuff guys my
shows on fire today
are you saying that you wouldn't suck a
snail out of Elah smell I sucked I'd
suck garlic butter sauce out of your
mouth that I think I have in fact Ella
you know you you sure did you know that
I
this shows on fire today we are killing
it all I'm saying is that next time you
order Papa John pizza's say Papa John
calm try replacing yeah your sex lube
with butter garlic sauce and see if that
doesn't get you somewhere new nice this
is one in viewer advice and I read it on
safe Papa John calm it's under tabs of
tech of techniques and strategies
nearing my [ __ ] hmm that's what we
all came for here a lot of debate over
last week about wiping techniques about
how best to approach the [ __ ] help us
to clean it help us to manicure it I
received an email from somebody
said they near their [ __ ] and that a
change of their life for the better I
was so intrigued because it was so
insane so preposterous of an idea that I
thought I had to try it out
ela says why do I keeps me messy you're
getting message from strangers on
discord I wrote that to Dan but yet well
now I'm intrigued and you're getting
bombed by strangers on discord I just
keep saying all kinds of notifications
on my ela I'm talking about nearing my
[ __ ] campus so I was trying to
distract myself from the and said what
the [ __ ] they found you who found it I
don't know these are just like we're
just in a private channel it just does I
don't know okay
who's Raz hmm sneaking in no no our
private discards guy infiltrated but we
are talking about nearing my [ __ ] so
if everyone could please focus on what's
okay sorry sir
so anyway I was about I was gonna near
my [ __ ] because it just seems so
insane I was like forth the sake of the
show list of it yeah but the other side
of me was like this is kind of a really
weird and same thing to do and you could
burn your skin yeah and the [ __ ] was
pretty sensitive right mm-hmm apparently
what I understand but then I don't also
I had a feeling that this guy was [ __ ]
with me you know he seemed genuine but I
can see someone be like I'm gonna get
Ethernet near his [ __ ] knowing full
well that would ruin my life so another
great fan emailed me and was like dude
do not near your ass and here is why and
he sent me this Craigslist story that
was so funny I had to read it to you
guys I had to share it with you guys so
for now this story alone put my nearing
my [ __ ] on hold on hold I'm still
open to it frankly we got the product at
home yeah I have the prot three I don't
know why Amazon they made me buy three
bottles almost like I'm this [ __ ]
weird guy just like have an apocalypse
stash of nearing my [ __ ] look the
world may be ending but my [ __ ] is
going to be
you clean one of them was called balls
bum oh yeah I wanted to stay in my
pursuit of the sensitive NER that
wouldn't burn my [ __ ]
I found a product called balls bomb
that's made for applying to your balls
balls ball cuz I gotta buy some balls
ball so I don't know I've got balls bomb
yeah and I was thinking of just getting
it just seeing what happens but you guys
you guys read this and tell me I don't
know
this dispute me most most definitely and
it rings so true let me zoom in on this
so this was from Craigslist it's called
warning don't shave that hair I've
recently made a mistake in my life and I
offer my store to you that you may learn
from my heir it all started as many
things do with me having trouble
[ __ ] did you write this no dan I
think we need some kind of music I want
to play can you play sad violin no I was
not constipated this was not a
regularity problem but a matter of
technique
it seems my ass hair had grown to such a
length that my tiny grow Grogan's we're
constantly getting tied up and the
matted jungle between my ass cheeks it
