welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
it's a little ditty in my heart today
because we are live over at twitch.tv
Ford / H Street productions every Friday
thank you everyone for tuning in today's
episode is sponsored by me unto youth
kaptara
lift and mana creep god bless you also
got some fresh merch up today some fresh
hot merch including but not limited to
vaping Santa Christmas sweater you know
when when Christmas comes I want you to
wear this at your house and freak your
nan out she's gonna say what the hell is
Santa doing young Billy you say Nana you
don't understand you old hag what what
do you tell your parents when you want
to wear this on the holiday it's just a
Santa in the cloud
I think it's innocent honestly we were
torn on it were like is this not is this
too far Santa it's not like Santa
shooting meth it's not Santa with a
heroin needle in this yeah it's vaping
it's a cloudy day it's a cloudy day
vapenation anyway we thought it was a
little bit of a gag so that's up on a
shoe a shoe shop I hope everyone had a
wonderful Thanksgiving appreciate you
all so very much for coming out and
spending your day or evening if you're
in Europe with us what a joy and
privilege it is to share this time with
you god bless you we did have a guest
schedule today Bert Kreischer but he had
to cancel for personal reasons so
blessings to him Papa's blessings to be
specific and work but we're gonna be
kicking out old school me Neela yep top
of the week top at a freaking year
because we have so much to talk about
and some exciting news too
previously we had a calling system
through discord but honestly nobody
knows what the [ __ ] discord is and you
had to be subscribed on Twitch and we
kept getting like the same temp people I
mean bless your hearts and everything
then would explain and as soon as it's
done people would say wait how I
wouldn't be able to figure it out yeah
so here's the great news danke I
actually don't have the phone number we
have a public phone number so anybody
can call it now poor ian is going to be
on the brunt of everyone trying to call
him but he's gonna sort it out dan can
you say the phone number what is
it we're gonna put it on screen right
now hey sit okay great so call this
number if you'd like to engage with us
in any conversation we're alive baby
this is live should we do it first one
like like yeah let's take a call like
right now so calling
anyway I'm really excited about this cuz
it's like a real radio show now you know
we don't have to you know I've been
going like discord yeah so my head story
today that I want to talk about is in
our last episode with post Malone
we were watching a live stream of
Patrice Wilson's and he scared the
living god out of me for those of you
who missed that episode we were watching
he's jumping into screen now what does
that mean
it's gonna look at calls oh yeah he's
getting water how happy is in right now
so in the last episode of you guys
missed it
Patrice Wilson who's someone we hadn't
made videos before in the past he's a
little creepy guy and they all have a
bit of a pedo vibe so this was years ago
I don't know if the guys actually
diddling kids I mean how could I know
that but it's the insinuation yeah
there's never been anything actual yeah
no I think it's a joke right it's a joke
anyway he's deleted all the chump
videos on his channel started a live
stream with our channel name in the
title h3h3 and it was super creepy we
pulled up the live stream on post Malone
was here and the countdown faded to a
shower curtain a live stream of a shower
curtain a really creepy seedy one and it
was like shots of him walking through a
graveyard it kept getting weirder and
weirder after we finished the stream
there was like him walking in the you
know in a dark Street and like mumbling
stoppage to himself
yeah kill I mean at first I was like oh
this is
but then it kept happening and people
were saying in the comments like you
should probably start taking this
seriously like at what point do I
informed the authorities or YouTube or
so on that this guy has lost a couple of
screws and he's coming after me well I
wasn't I wasn't super scared but later I
think it was the next day he had changed
the countdown because it was originally
counting down like 300 hours till
December first at midnight and so he
uploaded a video on his channel and he
changed the countdown to two hours and
he uploaded this video and it scared the
living Christ out of me
well it's so low that you can actually
see the image on this monitor but it's a
it's a graveyard
it's a looping image of a graveyard and
in the description it says Ethan like
before he hadn't called me up I named
the H THC it could have been incidental
maybe part of whatever his uh and he
added a second countdown so there were
two countdowns yeah one was for that day
which was Saturday the day after the
podcast so I'm sitting at home trying to
relax after a long stressful week and
I've got Patrice's livestream open with
my [ __ ] name and a close-up
reoccurring of a rainy tombstone and I'm
thinking to myself I'm freaked okay if
you don't know what this guy looks like
let me show you who the [ __ ] is after me
this is Patrice Wilson peeking in the
window of a 12 year old girl pretending
to be mr. Rogers okay this is who's
after me writing Ethan in the
description dudes okay
so there was a countdown and it was for
like sometime in the evening maybe eight
I was something about and we were at
home yeah and we kept watching it and
just doing whatever we were doing
thinking like maybe it's creepy maybe
it's stupid and then as we kept going
down it was like almost like an hour to
the end of the countdown we started to
get freaked out it was when I saw my
name in that yeah and I was like you
know what this is [ __ ] up this
cool so I'm like illa get your [ __ ]
we're leaving I'm leaving the house I am
NOT gonna get turned into Chinese food
by this creepy guy that's one of his
videos it's a reference it's a it's a
reference it's a I like Chinese yes
so I bounced and I wrote an email to my
contacts at Google and YouTube and I and
I'm so embarrassed by that email cuz I
was genuinely like this [ __ ] is getting
too weird for me to handle and I think I
titled it something like urgent a threat
against my life like that traumatic cuz
I was like I have one minute to leave I
started getting like spice tingles down
my spine I was jittery freaked out
urgent threats against my life and
they're like what like what the [ __ ]
like Ethan's always been insane I
complain to these guys so much like this
this is too much for me every day
there's an urgent email yeah exactly
channel deleted yeah I won't that's it's
a combination of me being an alarmist in
them actually you know appreciate a
platform but probably anyway they got
this email for me and I think I think I
still have it but I'm like this channel
was making threats against my life and
he's got my name of the Todd and he's
doing creepy [ __ ] in this channel it's
like not very convincing unless you were
in it yeah I can only imagine how it was
received is like wow Ethan's really
losing it I'm I'm really deeply
embarrassed because he's my respect they
send this email to I sent that off I'm
freaked out I'm not thinking I'm we get
in the car we drive to a [ __ ] raava's
parking lot and we're sitting there
waiting out the timer like an hour I'm
sitting in Ralph's parking lot I'm like
just playing there's people around us
right and then I was expecting to like
come out the back seat yeah
and then it came on and he had like a
creepy voice I've got the video up so
the countdown finally expires let's take
some calls after this oh wow we have a
lot holy smokes trying to understand
this okay still screening this could be
our ghost story even though there's no
ghosts of all the treats as the ultimate
ghosts
dan I thought we were only supposed to
have eight College but there's like
thirty here anyway so the countdown
expires I'm sitting in my car in the
Ravis parking lot shittin bullets
looking over my shoulder and this is
what comes on Patrice's livestream
[Music]
meanwhile I'm sitting in my car like you
sit there meanwhile I'm sitting there in
my car like this is so stupid like what
is my life right now like listening to
Patrice Wilson talk about bowling with
the pitch shift on his voice like this
guy got my head Patrice Wilson dude but
anyway I ended up like saying and if you
think that this is about going to
someone's house about trying to kill
them get that idea out of your head you
guys this was a huge drama like the BOD
of us happening through this live with
post has like a million views this was a
huge ordeal there was a whole team of
crack investigators on it yeah that was
amazing
well we'll explain what they found out
but I want you guys to watch this it's
no different than what you see on TV the
violence you see in the wall today you
think it's no different
she watched I love the sound of pepper
Jorge was going wrong the world I want
to find the part where does your brother
film is enough I would not take violence
even in the situation
hey come on get here he goes he's saying
everyone watched and was just thinking
something vulgar and negative when I was
like I was only walking through a
graveyard but somebody's name has made
fun of me in the title I was just saying
there myself stop it and kill stop it
kill h3 I want to kill I want to wanna
[ __ ] Ethan's dead party everyone's so
vulgar jig so I'm gonna wake up in like
a you know it's gonna happen we're gonna
wake up one morning and we're gonna be
inside the dollhouse that that Alison
gold music that it was right peace
inside that'd be pretty cool to see the
set yeah until like all the sudden he
starts Dave raping you everything you
just went up in that video so story
first yes
so I suggest that you keep on digging
finding the clues while you doing it
[Music]
stay positive
anyway you know he's real inspiring and
all that good job good job Patrice you
got me out of my [ __ ] house on a
Saturday night it was the first time in
months I'll say that at least anyway so
yeah I was like he's not trying to kill
us apparently what didn't he say that
mm-hmm to disarm us have the decency to
stay positive
so all these crack detectives went to
work to try to decode this and here let
me show you this the investigators yeah
the investigators let's see they were
like up one Dischord all night let me
read this one of the discord detectives
checking in so since the HP podcast last
night over 300 people joined in the
official patrece countdown discord Ethan
locked the doors and get out and go get
in the parking lot of Rob's your life's
in danger cryptic live stream from
Patrice around 15 of the dedicated
members formed the detectives who worked
around the clock and constantly dug up
the location Patrice was walking around
so he showed himself in the gray very
show himself walking around a house with
ladders and [ __ ] I'm gonna assume mostly
have you seen the video yet yada yada so
these these rain men god bless them they
found exactly on Google Maps satellite
images where in the country it was they
identified all the locations yeah that
he was showing so he wasn't in LA so
that was a little bit of a was a little
bit of a relief but then he says hold on
our original leads were to trap what is
the shower curtain video and what's
moving behind it where was the cemetery
who was walking around where was the
road he walked down where was the house
we walked around for the first few hours
this was all we had but the detectives
quickly found the path he walked down
the house we walked around in the semi
he was at but we couldn't find the link
then Patrice leaked a couple more videos
a girl running through a force being
shot at holding a baby doll and then him
sitting in a dark room seemingly talking
to voices in his head saying stupid
Billy Shh while the negativity brighten
up there's clearly nothing sinister
going on here this videos were
transcribed in the names were researched
for links to Patrice who were Eric Billy
Michael Chris and Matilde were they his
kids his dogs his children they may
never know but there was a breakthrough
they were digging through domains under
his name turns out the guy owned some
really strange ones including my eye
girl dot Network my eye girl network com
what's an eye girl it's a whole new
genre his name also came up on a website
called Sonic media networks Sonic media
networks is not owned by Patrice but is
producing a show for them with a little
digging revealed they have posted a
couple of trailers on Vimeo for a horror
show they're releasing on Amazon called
vantage points couple trailers showed up
they found them it's the same curtain
it's the same girl running through the
[ __ ] stairs you know running through
the woods and there was also a
silhouette of my body it's riddled with
holes and stab wounds every trees
putting his name am i decapitated neck
I've been watching too many minehunters
it was so so was solved and the guy was
just doing a little bit of a gimmick tip
to promote his Horror Show and on one
hand like I don't really appreciate him
using our name for publicity and
freaking me out like that mm-hmm
but on the other hand I guess I owe him
one you know we've done enough for
Christ's sake the guy can [ __ ] make
me think I'm gonna be murdered for one
evening fair enough fair enough Patrice
all right what do we got here we got a
call hello hello you're on there what I
like how you doing I'm doing great we're
doing great we love being a pop
something three three it's very
enjoyable
thanks man cool well
thank you good what is your location
going to be when you see the Patrice
Wilson countdown go to zero okay so when
it goes to zero well tell you our
location I can't I can't say it you know
publicly because that's a security risk
but probably at Whole Foods parking lot
hopefully we'll be we'll be in the
feminine hygiene tile of Whole Foods on
Ventura and no we were talking about
that with with post Malone the guy has
guns he's got guns
he's got swords he's got brass knuckles
post Milan yeah he's got a whole frickin
arsenal and he's got bodyguards who are
Samoan he does I'm gonna be there
wherever that is I'm gonna be there um
why is it muted what's going O
are you there what happened he drops
okay thanks for the call dude oh you
okay apparently okay that worked
Ian you should write their name Yeah
right okay cool Dave's question yeah
thanks for the question I guess so the
new system works just worked I mean it
worked so yeah that's that was the
exciting news for me
so anyway lucky to be alive
you know thankful on this Thanksgiving
Day that I am NOT being captivated
captive by Patrice
so moving on wanted to discuss Black
Friday as today's Black Friday you know
what happened to Black Friday like last
night after Thanksgiving my sister was
like oh they're doing Black Friday at
Target I'm like it's not it's Thursday
it's like people can't even get a break
from having dinner with their family it
used to be that these sores had the
courtesy to wait till the next day but
now the pandemonium
that depravity starts right as you put
your fork down like seriously we went
there at 5 o'clock and there was like we
went outside target there was like
leaves everywhere garbage low blood it
was like bloodstains the police were
there I'm like okay I don't even finish
digesting my food and already it's like
the [ __ ] purge down at Target what's
in target by the way nothing literally
what isn't a target that is worth lining
up for they did actually have this which
by the way they had a it's it's also
blood is not an ad it's just the first
time I switch for sell in any store
that's true the funny thing about the
switch was we were we were just there
mostly out of curiosity we were walking
through the store the switch was a
blockbuster Black Friday deal at 299 is
a fulbright what the hell got is scam
you rotting blockbuster
so essentially what Black Friday has
turned into is retail companies tricking
you into thinking you're getting a deal
it's a great turn nation they're not
even giving you deals anymore we're
walking through Target
it's like TVs you know you save 30 bucks
people are buying blu-rays my sister
went there by blu-ray digital media
digital media still a thing
I got a blu-ray unlike my DVDs are
garbage I don't wash those but my
blu-rays are killing it you making fun
of your sister and I may be watching no
she's not watching I've got a blu-ray
you know in ten years there's gonna be
beaming movies right into our brains and
physical media will be left behind when
we're all shrunk you know what's gonna
happen in the future we're gonna run out
of space and we're all gonna be shrunk
into one inch tall you know like a
that's what's gonna happen and we're not
gonna be able to take our blu-rays with
us is what I mean
you know all the poor people will be
huge the rent the rich people will get
shrunk because they have more space it's
like you just watched that trailer
no it's all the idea from Kurt Vonnegut
yeah there's this movie coming home was
it called something I don't know but
they like oops I'm Matt Damon and I got
shrunk yeah
it's about shrunk I shrunk again Oh No
shrunk yeah but it's about Matt Damon
downsizing down and so and like if you
have a hundred thousand bucks you can
get downsized and you get to live like a
king because everything's so cheap when
you're small to live in all tiny little
world just a little tiny Forks but and
they do not have blu-rays the technology
doesn't exist
you can't have a disk this big
everything else works point is who's in
Target buying blu-rays yes yeah my
sisters hits way to close down so I
wanted to celebrate it I I want to
celebrate the act of stomping on a
baby's face to save $10 on a rice cooker
by showing you my favorite Black Friday
compilation videos cool or not I made my
own compilation this is Ethan's finest
wow you're like a DJ on YouTube
I'm a DJ of pushing Nana down and
breaking her [ __ ] hip to save $2 on a
blu-ray that you won't you will throw
out nice play with I get you got to love
the contrast of Thanksgiving to
Thanksgiving you get around with your
family you're so grateful for my love
for the love I have in my life for my
family my friends I'm healthy I'm happy
and then eight hours later you're like
get the [ __ ] outta my way granny I need
to save five dollars on this television
that I'm gonna put in the kitchen cuz I
