[Music]
welcome everybody to the premiere
experience in the podcasting world the
h3 podcast experience all other
experiences are lesser to our own this
is the premiere experience today's
episode is sponsored by stitch fix mint
Mabel and empty empty movement i am
ethan klein your grand wizard host of
loneliness last week I was the Wizard of
loneliness ela was supposed to be back
this week she had to delay her return by
another 10 days or so so I've taken on
the title of Grand Wizard of loneliness
not to do with the Klu Klux Klan by the
way just my loneliness I will talk more
about Ella's extended trip
it is quite sad and unfortunate so I
will save that for the end of the show
and I'm not gonna lie to you guys I'm
not wearing underwear today
eel has been gone for three weeks I've
never been away from her for this long
she's finally coming back on Wednesday
ela please come home I am come almost
completely I'm out of underwear I have
no underwear dude I just came out of the
bathroom there's piss drip I'm dribbling
down my leg onto my pants you know what
I'm talking about that's why you wear
underwear right that's the whole point
that it catches your piss I don't have
that protection anymore ela please I
need you with that being said let's get
right into it so I got a really exciting
announcement announcing a new game we've
got here know your meme we're going to
be taking calls today and one very lucky
caller is gonna chance to win a
brand-new slammin hot samsung galaxy s 9
Plus what's the value of that Dan it's
like around $1,000 now we who personally
my favorite phone on the market and if
you can call in and guess 3 out of 5
answers about Joey salads you're gonna
win a brand-new phone here's the number
if you guys think you have what it takes
to know your meme with Joey salads call
eight one eight two one four eight five
zero four we'll be taking that one lucky
caller after the break very very excited
about that
and true we want true salad heads by the
way if you're not a true salad head will
know and Ian will hang the F up on you
quick okay so don't be wasting his time
okay
loving the sound board by the way this
one's dedicated to you EULA but before
I've got a lot I want to talk about
today okay Lucy to Daddy oh five and so
many more goofs and gaffes along the way
but I really like as we did last time I
was in here the trenches by myself you
start off with a great video video of
the day does that have a that work feel
like it was a better the better title I
was thinking video of bliss it's a bit
over the top isn't it video of bliss I'm
gonna think on it but I actually had two
that I thought were so great
I wanted to watch it at the top with you
this one I got to tell you you're gonna
you're gonna love this
I can't I I'm such a skeptic I feel like
part of me thinks this is fake but I
have to believe in my soul and heart
that it's real here we go
this crawfish caught the [ __ ] penny
Oh show that again yeah and that guy's
just like I mean how do you react when
you throw a penny at a crawfish and it
catches it it's claw how do you react
that's pretty much the only way but then
it begs the question why was he filming
to begin with right yeah yeah that's why
are you filming a crawfish on a bathroom
floor and then throwing a penny at it
like what in what world is this
something that you film that makes me
suspicious yet again I've come full
circle that being said I don't know I
feel like it's real it [ __ ] looks
real but I love why why why we need we
need the captain we need the captain
back yeah when the captain disillusion
don't worry but like why would someone
film this I mean what oh it's from
Instagram yeah everything there's fake
anyway I love it regardless and then
there's one other one that I had to
share with you guys this is one of my
favorite videos to come from the
internet in these past weeks this guy
went to City Hall and gave an
impassioned speech not about you know
traffic or politics or whatever city
ordinance tax [ __ ]
you would hear at City Council no this
man came was something much more
important and pressing he came asking
that massage therapist be able to jerk
you off sometimes you got to go with
sometimes you have to go to City Hall to
get to fight for your rights why can't a
massage therapist touch my dick if I pay
her an extra 20 bucks 20 bucks is that
it that's probably a good deal it's
probably more than that
anyway here yeah anyway this guy
obviously says it better than I ever
could so with that you know here you
going seems quiet Dan it's a little
different dude are you why is it
different than you know you're right why
is it different hell we let ask doctors
finger men basically finger men all day
not basically literally literally finger
men's [ __ ] all day
this guy's a hero dude don't question
him I love that his in the crutch of his
argument is what's worse I got to go
back is that really was the argued he's
like it's more nasty for the
proctologist so let just let him jerk
him off right he's saying what's the
difference you're already getting in the
folds when I just touched his dick along
the way compelling argument I'd like to
see a counterpoint made to that
right right
hey man brother what a patriot right Wow
Wow full circle right there
amen brother that guy's definitely a
comedian right he's got the socks and
sandals that would truly be a happy
ending for everyone
[ __ ] amen brother Danny fuer
have you ever had got a massage like
like a full-body Swedish massage Dan I
have not I have seriously yeah never
done it I was gonna ask if like I've
gotten a couple times but I was [ __ ]
applause sound effect I was gonna ask if
it's ever moved when you were getting a
massage I mean I can't say in a
professional setting I mean you know
obviously in private that's a different
that's a different tale altogether but
no I it's it's too weird I don't know I
have like I have a some time I'm just
saying it sometimes it moves sure I mean
it's a natural what are you gonna do can
you do anyway god bless - this guy Ian
has it ever moved for you have you ever
had a massage in he's off at set right
now he's starting sprinkles all right
ah God let's just say that he has though
okay um so anyway I salute this Patriot
and I'm all about it all right but that
being said let's get let's get into them
the main event here fouseytube I feel
like it's like a repeat almost of last
week when we talked about Connie tannic
on just trying to decode and explain
what's happened so fussy fouseytube if
you guys don't know who he is he's a he
began as a prankster and he faked
a lot of pranks he almost he invented
almost like the moral the righteous fake
prank where it was like what was the
example you gave me dan where he had one
more oh yeah he's like he stands in the
street and he's yelling at people for
not having like their seatbelt on or
something I don't know just like he's
always got to have like a moral twist on
it he kind of invented that whole thing
so anyway he fell off I'm pretty sure
he's been having a lot of mental issues
and it seems like he's in a full-blown
manic state right now I mean he let's
start here let's start from the top yeah
he says with two million viewers Drake
is going to grace the stage of my
concert he's only got two thousand likes
that seems like a far away off two
million views
anyway he keeps saying that Drake's
gonna be at a show Drake's gonna be at a
show he's never he never talked to Drake
he's ever known Drake he's he sells out
the Greek a free show and he says
Drake's gonna be there and obviously
Drake never shows up
but basically what ensues is a lot of
insanity a lot of confusion and a very
little crowd and him stalking Drake
which is probably the best and I mean
the best the most entertaining and
concerning thing to come out of this
whole thing this video pretty much sums
it all up for me let me throw this up
here for you this this video really has
it all its got stalking it's got a
Jarama let's hear it
quiet dant can you turn it up
yep got you to the people by the way
he's taking this clip from someone
else's show an upload this is a video on
his channel right now so to put it in
frame here so that this is when it gets
really good so I think he probably spent
about $100,000 reserving the Greek and I
will say to his credit I mean I don't
want to compare it to Tana Kong because
what Tana did was basically sell
supposedly free tickets and didn't even
give on the event or refund people his
was free so at least there's there's the
a big separation to be made there I mean
he's not scamming people he's just
misleading people but it's a free show
but what's really fascinating is just
his clear mental decline here watch this
is he is he I mean I can't tell if he's
just like cracked out or if he's just on
a manic rant yeah it it seems very manic
yeah it seems very American and isn't he
he publicly has a history of that does
he not he yes yeah he's bipolar he said
right so I just yeah I don't know I
think people give fousey well let's keep
watching let's get the whole frame of
reference here
great I'm trying to find some thought of
item I'd like this please so tomorrow
we've had theater I love that he
included that I don't know who it was I
don't even know if it was a police
officer could have just been normal guy
who's just like [ __ ] this idiot
get back in your car he goes from being
like a total badass to being like oh I'm
sorry dude it's or nothing but he leaves
it in which I find curious he clearly
could have edited that out
he finished his statement but he got and
I and I hate to say this but he got
cooked a little bit by whoever was on
the street you know what I mean and he
left that in find the interesting now
this is when it get takes a really dark
twist I mean first of all dude if
there's a setting for any video talking
to a celebrity this is him I mean look
at look at this frame he's mean dude
this is straight out of like a horror
movie like are you in my basement right
now foo see I mean listen what he says
he's got the dongles hanging out those
dongles are not a good look for anybody
by the way let alone a celebrity stalker
but let's watch cool you've acknowledged
stop there I literally look and I'm
acting like a crazy person right now cuz
I'm outside of the house you're at stop
there dude you just you just summarized
it but he knows that it's not actually
crazy even though it is
don't ask me how I found it
I've got ways creepy creepy ways you're
probably wondering how did I find you
you're probably wondering to yourself
right now how did I find you and do I
need to call the police and get a
restraining order do I need to have my
bodyguards bodyguards escort them out
you're probably wondering don't worry
about that don't worry it's interesting
how we on one hand acknowledges all this
how creepy he's being right and on the
other hand fully committed it seems so
manic is it doesn't see yeah doesn't
seem like he's intoxicated or like on
drugs or anything he's very clear-headed
about it it's just nuts
well symptoms of a manic episode I mean
here let's read it off abnormally upbeat
jumpy or wired boom increased activity
energy or agitation boom exaggerated
self sense of well-being and
self-confidence yes unusually talkative
racing thoughts distractibility I mean
yeah yep it's extras the little layer of
creepy that he keeps playing that God's
plan loop this is like such a creepy
stalker video of like a weird fan
food.if who see ends up killing Drake
I'll be like 10% surprised God's plan
baby you might be thinking to yourself
he's like over him Drake's sleeping in
his bed and foo sees like hovering over
him you might think this is a little
strange Drake but this is God's plan for
me to murder you right now in fact if
you look down you'll notice is already a
knife in your stomach I mean you know
what he does meanwhile he's got on his
phone God's plan looping
God's plan little bit psycho and God's
plan
damn damn he's he's gonna come down to
earth and cut in like I don't know how I
don't know how long manic episodes last
but he's gonna be like oh I don't know
if Uzi he's an interesting guy like I
don't know if I feel bad for him in a
way because it's like he's it's it's
such a strange situation with him
because he has a fan base like when
you're when you're having a manic
episode and having delusions of grandeur
the fact that he actually has a fan base
and people encouraging him right that
makes it all so much more [ __ ] dot so
much worse he's just enables his
delusions it's crazy
can you imagine how [ __ ] having a
30-second conversation this never
happened I promise that this event is
gonna be huge but I need you for it to
be huge it's like yeah [ __ ] obviously
he doesn't need you though
unfortunately he goes one way I'm like
I'm like listen guys I'm putting on the
hugest show of the year all I need is
two POC and biggie to return from the
grave and co-host it with me and it's
gonna be the biggest concert ever put on
yeah sick hype bro how long to take you
to make that and premiere oh hey now my
video can get copyrighted just [ __ ] me
up
thanks really thanks foo see you're
[ __ ] all of our monetization up now
now I got beef with you
where's my mouse so he uploaded on his
channel
I mean it's still up of him literally
here's a this always trips me out when I
can see myself it's still up of him
publicly stalking a celebrity on his
channel which just shows you how unaware
he is of how strange is his behaviors so
that's that's where that's kind of where
it began he's now withdrawn from from
the internet right I don't know he's
retreated back into into his cave yeah I
don't know he he he posted a diss track
on rice gum which I find strange like I
clearly acting's not working out for
your dog that was a pretty corny read
clear clearly acting uh not working out
for me like I just acted that out better
than him when I was trying to act that
can I and that was really Khaled on the
phone crazy crazy so anyway it's just
it's really just another YouTube hip-hop
fit it you guys seen a thousand of these
rap video but what I found fascinating
about this was the vision board here let
me play for a second just so you can
kind of put into perspective what he
hoped for this song
it's a rice gum district so anyway you
get that I mean really get the idea
that's all you need to see so his vision
for this rice come district is number
one song on Billboard Hot 100 can you
imagine the country banking to a race
come dis track 350 million views in
under three months when what [ __ ]
planet it's a race come dis track bro
like if you wanted to actually make an
accessible song why would you just write
it about anything else club banger on
radio in the entire world at least once
a day manifest your dreams just as I did
man I swear to god I'm I feel like I'm
entering the mind of madness reading
this help each other achieve each
other's dream kill your ego you got a
long way to go there buddy
so I thought that was pretty pretty cute
pretty interesting well guys I mean we
can get it there we got to get this on
top billboard number one I'm sure it's
really close it's climbing it's climbing
fast god I really need a look back I
need a live a kid next week next week
next week baby Wednesday no [ __ ]
underwear I always joke about people
getting [ __ ] stains I'm like who gets
[ __ ] stands I'm in pants with [ __ ] and
piss inside of it I'll show you if you
don't believe me there's little [ __ ]
streaks
I've got shmegmer building up on my
penis I didn't have foreskin Eva changes
my diaper and cleans my dick telling you
ela please come back where was I event
yada yada yada
he holds the event at the Greek a free
show how many C's does a Greek have like
10,000 not quite where's this video okay
whatever
Greek holds I believe around
six or seven thousand okay pretty big
show so this this is my favorite thing
cut so this is the show it's happening
the fousey hasn't even showed up but
this this is the [ __ ] crowd I mean
what is that like 20 people there at the
stage and this DJ man god bless his soul
crushing it huh look at the employees
they're like what is this like these
guys are you still like assuring like
huge so how depends what the [ __ ] is
this I swear to God food CMOS I I mean
getting the Greek we were gonna spend
twenty five thousand just to rent out
the ACE which is a two thousand seat
theater right that was twenty five
thousand this on all this [ __ ] I'd say
at least a hundred thousand he spent on
this yeah and I mean the Greek is it's
an iconic venue it's very very much in
demand yeah it's not not cheap well on a
weekend - oh yeah on a weekend damn yeah
that's that's a pretty penny right there
it's trying to hype up the crowd
well I don't know man you're mixing
doesn't sound that good I love that even
the DJs in on this ludus delusion
what if Drake just walked on stage right
now to the hundred of you huddled around
the stage he'd be so mad no dude it's
because you not drink
killing it brushing it damn that's a
that is a coal to crowd my dudes that
that's the vibe there there's basically
nobody there and then someone calls it
because it's live-streaming it's got
like 60,000 views he said he was gonna
get two million Drake was gonna come out
there's like a thousand people there
sixty thousand people watching online
that's kind of a lot to be honest but I
think most people are watching just for
the beautiful train wreck that they knew
it was gonna be and somebody called a
bomb threat which is just like cherry on
top I mean it's like I'm not surprised
I'm not surprised there are conspiracy
theories and I have to say they're
compelling because you always have to
ask yourself who benefits the most from
this crime bomb threats called could
totally be anyone on the internet I mean
that is a that's a juicy mean but a
fousey called the bomb threat he wasn't
at the venue yet he was waiting to see
how big it got if Drake would just I
don't know what he thinks happen if like
Drake was just like materialized he's
like two million I'm here but if he
called it in himself I wonder if he was
able to get a refund to be like oh man
the show never happened or oh I have to
be embarrassed because Drake never
showed up you know what I'm saying he
kind of benefited the most from that
bomb threat which is why it's a
compelling conspiracy theory and I'm not
saying that how dare you say I would
never say or implicate or say and it
make any statement like that there's an
opinion you know what I'm saying there's
a thought experiment I'm merely asking
