welcome back everybody to a stream
podcast season do work like that
that's enthusiasm out there so good to
be back everybody I hope you had an
excellent New Year's Christmas
everything that happened everything hope
it's great here with our the boys I
think that's the best way say we are
here with Eric from comment etiquette
hello we air also here with Jack up
Jack's the film's Cheers Jack's not your
real name
jack is not my real name it's John how
did is Jack a name or is it just
completely an alias so Jack is just a
sumed nickname of John so like you know
really John F Kennedy he was he people
knew him as Jack would make that much
sense to me because it's like you know
it's not it's not like a nickname like
you're not shortening anything or like
it's just the letter the first letter is
the same it doesn't make any logical
sense but hey John oh you have to name
John my legal items John Douglas but
nobody calls me John you go Mike I go by
Jack my own and mother calls me Joe well
god bless ya Wow who is John Simek [ __ ]
him
today's episode is sponsored by hims
Boleyn branch equip and lift next week
before we get too deep into this we have
got mark Marcus Brownlee they K and K
beat HD you guys know him o short is the
best I love him very very excited all
right he's so hot right now he's one of
the most prolific tech reviewers on
YouTube a huge fan leave questions for
him on the subreddit an unusual time
that episode will be airing Wednesday
the 24th at 7 p.m. PST a little late for
all you night owls as is tradition with
these fine guys let's get drunk end and
work on ruining my career
anyways everybody hope you all have you
know I feel like we're one of the same
person wherever it is that I am you're
included right so Eric brought this by
the way and he said it was quite bad was
a matter strange I never said it was
good okay for the record yeah so solid
start it's definitely a cringe pretty
hard hmm
that's a sipper that it's not a
chocolate zipper it's perfume yeah I'll
say it's bad gross really I don't mind
it
that's some cold weather but it comes
from Norway that's when it's like dark
for a week straight and you're like it
just kills me Oh like one of those real
northern uh yeah absolutely it's gotta
sting that's on the bottle I think so
how you guys been talk to me what have
you been up to Jack oh boy
so I had a nice little Christmas New
Year's holiday break back in the East
Coast just kind of ping ponged
everywhere from Maryland New Jersey to
Pennsylvania to DC pleasure
traveling like so Oh always for pleasure
yes absolutely yeah it's my king yeah
but yeah just strictly like just a nice
last week and then I had another kind of
like vacation from because normally I'm
always posting videos like always always
always it never stops and it kind of
drives me insane yeah you were very very
active my friends well and it's not a
good thing I need to take a break so I
cut it I had an accidental break where I
went to CES in Vegas last week the baby
yeah it was actually awesome I was there
to meet with brands have meetings blah
blah blah but it was my first CES show
that I've been to I've never like I've
read on this read about this Expo for a
decade but I never been to one so that
was really cool to go to and originally
I was gonna still like upload three
videos that week I ended up not at all
and it was a really nice break I needed
it like for my sanity like as you guys
know you need to do that everything I
was a total happiness to its total
accident but boy oh boy did I need it so
I was like cherished I do I really
really do that's good so so that was my
break ideas down you keep like good
Google
no I have a I have one of those phones
with the styluses so I think I write I
write everything down I love doing I
might not lose that thing that's what
I've always wondered
it's a notepad it goes in the phone and
I don't lose yeah it beeps if you leave
it happen to me yeah so let me just if I
leave it here let me walk I'm gonna walk
it to you okay let's get it yeah lock
the door when he's done I'm gonna take
the stylus I can leave this here so you
can hear it otherwise won't hear it okay
that's smart
so we'll just sit quietly yeah and wait
for the beep so we'll see you later Dan
get him a new world would you first of
all I want to ask you Eric you didn't
drive here drunk did you yeah driving
drunk I'm not gonna sit here quite an
mmm-hmm Wow that phone is a save the
dead mother Mays lost your stylus man
that really is that was so disappointing
I was so excited to like show off this
cool like lost and found feature and oh
well clearly you are very responsible
phone owner you have carried that around
with you and keep the pen I'm very proud
I wanted to look briefly I wanted to ask
you something jack cuz I was pretty
impressed with with this video here it's
quite long okay yes
thank you very much it was really
excellent as you can tell that's where
all my time with actually yes in your
dragon there you go that's son of a can
you touch me through the process of
putting this together it's actually not
as hard I just I want to make sure that
people could enjoy yeah I'll wait so
putting that together really is not as
complicated or tricky as one would think
so cool I can do it while it's paused
it's neat
right yeah I like that if you're on a
phone you can actually like move it
around to move with you yeah like a
little VR thing all you have to do to do
this is just put all of your videos or
pictures or whatever you gonna do in a
grid right like in kind of a geometric
grid with rows and columns so I so first
I had to figure out like mathematically
cuz I made a couple of more videos than
what is shown here but I had to trim a
few to get an even something squared so
it's like I think it's 13 by 13
so like 13 videos in a row and 13 rows
something like that so then I have to go
and see like the hardest part was just
making this grid so in the 16 by 9 grid
in Premiere you just kind of tediously
better than it was it a task on your
computer it was and originally when I
hit the little export button it was like
booop 400 hours left and I was freaking
out because I you know I wanted this out
now whose I don't have patience so what
I did was I kind of tricked it so I only
exported like two rows at a time and my
computer could handle that in minutes so
like I did the first two rows you know
and then in the next two rows and then
finally I just got like when everything
was exported then I threw all the videos
together on top of each other hanka and
just kind of cropped and my computer's
just handed that handled that fine and
as well I won't you want to congrat I
mean that's just an export setting so
you just make sure like when you export
the video there's a little thing you
click in Premiere that's like VR
enjoy this ya know it's really it's
really nice on the ears
absolutely 170 videos playing at one it
sounds like a nightmare yeah this is
kind of this is the last thing you see
before you die good night yeah I want to
look into the gates of Hell all right
this is kind of thank you very much it's
a really powerful way to review all the
content you it was it was either that or
like a best of 2017 video and I was like
nah screw that I mean how many videos
total where in there 169 nice yeah
congratulation oh we've made like 360 in
our whole career mmm Janome videos you
made on your channel about a thousand
something like wow I finally hit the
thousand one hundred and sixty nine
videos worth of good times yes right and
the monetization amen to that
how are you getting slammed now okay I'm
fine yeah yours are super
family-friendly yeah how about that I
can't complain you're not kidding yeah
no I mean there's still like video I
forgot the blur out in nipple and it
kept getting like you got the monetizing
what I do
oh they kind of nipped that algorithm
good sense then it found it or somebody
reported it like Oh nipple was I
wandering here couple of those now
doesn't even leave alone I was just
reading one somebody was in character as
Bernie Sanders I remember when I used to
give good dick like that that's funny
somebody sent it to me on Twitter
there's a nipple on the side that sucks
that aside I'm fine I was hanging out
with idubbbz once we were when we're
shooting the video I remember I don't
remember what video we're making at the
time but he had uploaded a video and his
and for one frame his nuts were visible
yet forgot he had not blurred it for one
so we rushed home and luckily there is a
there's a thing on YouTube you can now
edit it post problems right you can
which was shocked to me I didn't know
that I was like man you got it you got
to get in there and get that nut out
right I've got a real or that home he
got to it before YouTube did and so oh
thank god
I don't know that there's there may be
images of his nuts floating around to
this day but yeah wouldn't ya if it was
up there for a minute I'm sure somebody
captured it it was like a split second
floating around on 4chan somewhere it's
like a wand Bitcoin on someone's hard
drive there it is I was watching this
video also Jack and I just you might
noticed I am fascinated by Pitbull are
you you I don't I don't underst what's
the deal with pitbull why is he so funny
and also yes why is he so popular yeah
um I don't
okay look I'm gonna try and tackle the
second one but the first one I he's just
he's a meme cuz it's pitbull nobody in
the history of the world has ever been
like man I could really go for some pit
bull right now know was pitbull but
people he's so popular right oh yeah
he's a Multi multi multi-millionaire I
mean he's got a show in Vegas like he's
super popular I think he just makes no I
think he just like there that's my guy
and his photos are just out of this plan
oh he's just she's this guy he's just
choosing just mr. worldwide make a chili
a girl like a million yeah oh you went
through a pitbull phase yeah I just love
it look at his [ __ ] face bro so smug
he is mr. smug to the right of that I
think as a winner I find him to be the
most normal looking here because he's
trying so hard to be like men in black
like bro yeah okay just hear him
one left oh that one too no now that's
my pit bull rumours has it pit bull try
to remove this photo from this that's my
Uncle Fester oh man I think I need to
get down there and find a better photo
but I think I think part of the charm is
that like his music is just kind of like
very easy party music club anthems they
say like there's no message there's no
like greater message it's just like he
has a song literally about fire ball you
know it's just like Eric I don't think
it is what's this most popular song [ __ ]
that's a good question me yo time of our
lives that was the one that you were
enjoying right bro he's got more subs
than all of us so back off hater he
survived oh [ __ ]
10 million we're entering a like Paul
territory with this guy please Jesus
crumbly on Wow why you're the cannibal
jokes Erik come on talk about let's
please you just got played yeah [ __ ]
alright so let's read the lyrics for
this I can't play it obviously because
yeah lawyers will come knockin art yeah
I think it's going down I'm yelling
timber which is re just a really solid
yeah here you know how much of this do
you know do you need to reference this
like I do I actually do that's all I
know I didn't get that can you play a
cover of it I'm gonna get like a bad
MIDI like company don't know the tempo
but let's read this like it's written by
Robert Frost oh it's like that down I'm
yelling timber you better move you
better dance why are you dancing it's
going down like timber wait cuz it's a
club anthem that wasn't no lyrics you
better dance that let's just pretend
this Robert Frost was a tree bout to
fall on the poor guy he's saying dance
he's you're taking the road less
traveled you know you're you have to
dance
thank you I heard that they got the
frost place you think it's going you're
about to die enjoy it let's make a night
you won't remember it'll be the one you
won't forget yeah that's what yes sir
that's clever because it's kind of
turning your expectations on your
had because me now you will not remember
the night but damn it you remember the
pitbull you won't forget the hours got
some real gold in it to the biggity boys
[Laughter]
this was brilliant I thought this was
Robert Frost level but this just
ascended to TS Eliot level oh nice
million views this is huge the bigger
they are the harder they fall
the biggity boy he's a Diggity Dog
that's money that's my new Twitter bio
absolutely he's always wearing a [ __ ]
suit in every picture of pitbull you'll
ever see like post 2004 he's wearing a
suit I have him like Miley Cyrus clothes
off
got him it's working in their bras and
thongs timber timber are still talking
to his boys this biggity boys a Diggity
Dog
timber got him face down booty up timber
that's what you call when a trees
falling okay so apparently that ass is
falling or his dick is either crashing
yeah it's been well it's going down I
like the imagery of a timber along with
twerking on a dick oh the dick is just
something's falling yeah she was the
biggity boys couldn't keep it up logs I
loved it I actually have no reference
for what the song actually sounds like I
know it sounds so weird
where were we face down booty up tariff
that's the way we like it that's the way
we like the what timber that's just lazy
writing that's just they're not even
trying he's liquor than an oil spill she
says she won't but I bet she will timber
it's kind of like the the new like like
Kobe he just has to add it after every
line oh this is powerful so when your
partner round around turned into a dough
sido the genre that's the genre flipping
I love him films do that you know like
from international yeah cute mister your
timbering on at work in the next moment
you're grabbing your partner doing a
dosey doe brilliant writer
go to a pitbull concert so that people
when they're singing the lyrics like go
wait a second what oh they're not
thinking about what they're saying yeah
let's be real
those are the lyrics I mean you can he's
in Vegas right now what are you doing
this weekend like a social experiment
just seeing who's there
yeah it is yeah what is the demographic
I don't know what the age group is the
age group of people here that go to his
show let's type pitbull concert this is
music that falls in a playlist like like
timber comes up on a Spotify playlist
but no one's ever like a goddess t4i
pitbull what Amara plants it's like all
dudes who look just like him don't think
ensued oh my god they're housewives
clean go back real quick I'm sorry I
just noticed 178 best pitbull images
we're in such a pitbull hole right now I
feel like I could talk about this for
hours what I'm not even close to dying
here he's gonna be the next James Bond
you're considering him over Idris Elba
oh yeah I can see that
so he's won some awards you know they
say it's the biggity boys is a Diggity
Dog timber James Bond movie but he's
still pitbull ah no I'm pitbull save
Miami man there's some pit bulls out
there there's some pitbull fans out
there who are not down with this you
know like you know what Ethan I used to
like you and now I'm on subscribe I
thought you were cool and I agreed with
you on everything until the moment you
talk [ __ ] about pitbull and now I'm
coming to your house like bull there's
so much charity around the world find
out how many charities someone donates
him like okay but would you do wrong
yeah why why do you like Bill Gates ya
got bodies John Cena has the world
record for most
Make A Wish Make A Wish you later right
so like most you know what that was
callous I just said that without
thinking yeah it's the funniest thing
I've heard in weeks
but like it makes me wonder if he's
doing all these make her wishes what
Sina hiding yeah I like that approach to
life way more than just being like oh
he's a great guy
being like what are you hiding bro I
have no I have no more dangerous world
record
yeah always suspicious why are you so
insecure it's like when you go to New
York and you go down in the subway and
the guys like hey man don't don't buy
one of those Metro tickets I got one you
should give me a dollar and I'll let you
here I'm like wait no I don't know what
do you have planned even though it's
economically a better deal you're not
gonna it seems like you're doing me a
solid here but some songs off yeah your
intuition is correct on that one there
but anyways pitbulls great he's awesome
he's a he's a musical genius
yeah and he does a lot of great things
though and these guys smile oh my god he
look he may be just a musical genius
that looks really good I want to see the
rest of his teeth before I make any
judgment at least I've only seen these I
want to see the rest of what he's got in
there all right pitbull if you're
listening and I know you are send me a
picture though some team of interest
thing I want to talk about Logan Paul
I mean who obviously everybody's you
know but I wanted to get your guys's hot
take about what's going on there I mean
you guys have any original thoughts on
that I don't think that like I thought
he had some great points you know no so
he wants to he wants to come back he's
ready to come back and that was the that
was the Twitter headline moment whatever
that wouldn't imitation Libre yeah let
me know there was actually a TMZ TMZ
deserves a second chance right he
actually seems this is really this is
good content you guys don't don't snuff
yet okay yeah I like serious ting stuff
I liked your post about TMZ moment oh I
haven't seen the video I don't know
those videos great by the way and he's
he's in grief right now about it still
walking around me for what well his
career
oh he's in full pink maverick gear yeah
like bro where swear something else for
now that's the grieving color of choice
absolutely know the port while I feel
really bad the poor guy has to rely on
his on his merch sales right now because
he can't upload videos on YouTube at the
moment cuz he's in grieving Horgan oh
and you can only rely on his you know
eight figure merch sales I feel really
bad for the kid I've heard that he makes
I mean this is all rumor but I believe
three million a month emerge god bless
that sounds about right
honestly yeah that's I'd be surprised if
not more that's what by the way shake
your dick playboy like I'm not hating
I'm just more interested yeah I mean
yeah they're doing something right from
a business model that's true and that's
