welcome everybody to the h3 beyond the
experience podcast thank you to Dollar
Shave Club Mint mobile and expressvpn
today for sponsoring us the guests of
course the great bill burr here today
are about great give me someone greatest
guys sitting across from you right now I
know pretty much can close the show I
think thank you thanks guys and that'll
be all first of all very excited for you
playing Madison Square Garden November
7th yes sir
you guys can go get tickets now
billboard.com slash events yeah bu are
are yeah fee you are I also want to give
you credit for i mean f is for family
mm-hmm oh yeah we just wrapped I guess
productions recall on season three so
that should be out on Netflix later on
this year they haven't given me a date
yet but uh they have some sort of
probably in November cuz everything you
have a lot going on in November you got
your new movie coming out the
front-runner I got Thanksgiving you got
Thanksgiving up you got rivalry weekend
the NCAA
there's a lot going on for the great
bill burr but Madison Square Garden
that's crazy is that your have you
played that venue before yeah one other
time okay I forget one 2015 I played it
so now back and hopefully just as good
if not better than the last time how
does it feel cuz that there's like
almost 21,000 seats No how does it feel
playing to that many people verse like
200 people don't call me well it depends
on how you see it like so when I did it
I had the stage onto one side but now
this time I'm doing it in the round so
it's more seats I don't know how I don't
know how many it is but it's you know
what I did the first time was I ended up
you know cuz I'm a big zipline fan and
song remains the same you know that
concert film was shot there so I played
drums so me and the guys from the
goddamn Comedy Jam mhm
Josh Adam ours and all those guys Ben
Bailey came down my publicist played
drums we all just
and healthy arena just attempt on all
these that's Guns N'Roses and rock songs
that we grew up with and it was fun it
turned it into like sort of like it felt
like a more like a like a you know our
Clubhouse for the day
right and yeah you went in you made a
lot of noise and then it didn't just it
didn't seem as crazy
mm-hmm so I went out there and Paul
virzi opened and then Joe DeRosa was on
and Joe had this old sort of what I was
calling a Golden Girls sweater on so I
just made fun of that you know keep
going you know for Paul Rosie and Joe
DeRosa with his [ __ ] Golden Girls
sweater just made me feel like I was at
a comedy club you know and nervous first
shows like that still you know like I
get more like I want people to feel like
they got their money's worth like I want
people to leave like you feel like like
nervous this and all that is is on the
way up and then once you get to a
certain level then it becomes like
responsibility like you spent their
hard-earned money they're coming out
they had to get a sitter it's not like
they just went to a comedy club a let's
watch 10 comics and maybe a couple
drinks yeah I have a couple of yeah this
is like this is an event
so know how to pressure and that uh no I
mean I mean it's it would be a lot of
pressure if I had to do like math like
something I wasn't good at but it's like
this is what I do they're coming to see
me I mean you could do a podcast there
Nana you before well I guess you're not
in front of a crowd but whatever you
know what I mean if you went to whatever
comic-con the broadcasting would you be
nervous yes I'm so neurotic I am nervous
I'm nervous right now okay no trust me
I'm well I'm on edge was there a point
relax thank you
was there a point when you can't kind of
because certainly you felt nervousness
sometime oh no yeah the first years in
my career I mean I would be like I do a
10-minute spot and then on nights where
was a difficult crowd in New York I
would be out of breath and sweating
really
twelve minutes I was telling jokes I
would be sweaty so yeah no no no no I
had all these rituals I had this rule
for years where before I went on stage I
would untie and then retie my shoes cuz
I always worried what if they came
untied and I did a faceplant oh I have I
have that kind of CD [ __ ] drives me
crazy I don't know if that's OCD but
well I depends on what your childhood
was I mean if you had a childhood and
you weren't bullied at all and you still
think like that I would think it was
some sort of OCD but you know you got
kicked out of yourself for a while so
it's LCD you kind of look in this Oh
your Z I don't I'm not gonna diagnose
you I have no idea yeah
so in my case it was probably just you
know my childhood or whatever it's just
like oh you got bullied as a kid yeah oh
boy I did bully I you know it was a get
it off of me and I'd pick on somebody
weaker than me you know I was the Lord
of the Flies course back then so it
wasn't the way it is now where you know
you can go on YouTube and the next thing
you know the bullies crying for some
reason like do you think I feel like
bullies almost important in a way isn't
it like you gotta allow kids to give
each other [ __ ] in a sense I mean you
can't call it gets too much I don't
think it's a parent you ever allow it
sure you know it's it's something no but
I mean I know that there's like like I
have a daughter and I want her to take
some MMA and I just think all women
should know that because I feel like
rapists you know depending on how well
they're endowed at some point they're
gonna have to get in close and I feel
like no like one killer yeah I mean yeah
it's like I would think like when you
watch those women fight in the UFC it's
just like there's I mean there's
probably I mean I would do what I don't
what percentage of the population of
just guys that even know how to fight
fair could beat them and like I don't
think they could because and the second
you get close to these are the
professional level fighters so if the
average woman would learn that I mean
you could get them in a triangle yeah I
said the arm guard I'm trying to member
all the stuff Rogan says like I don't
matter I don't not educated in it but I
just know looking at it that you just
like learn a little self-defense
just some yeah well the fact that you
can be on your back and be in a powerful
position and I just figured like a guy's
gonna try to gorillas way in and try to
hold you down or whatever and then all
of a sudden he's you know he's tapping
out you blow out his elbow and that's an
erection killer right there you blow out
the elbow
I think that's slang for the armbar
although I do see yeah that's part of I
feel like that's a new thing you're
already worried about your daughter
being sexually assaulted you know how
old your dog I don't think that is I
think that's you you projecting your OCD
on me mm-hmm it's all weird you're
talking about you know you want your
your two-year-old daughter to get krav
maga so she could knife a do his neck
yeah but I mean that's like it's not
like you know that didn't accept our
didn't 2014 I mean like stuff like that
is about what it always happened and and
then also you know gives you like
confidence and it really is all you got
to do you know there was elementary
middle and then high school and you know
I feel like somewhere in junior high you
just had to have one fight and fight
back and then it was like prison and
everything I don't you know he's gonna
be a problem and then they would just
move on and the kids who never fought
back its they just have these horrible
experiences so I don't know I just you
know it's just one of those things you
know as a parent I guess what I meant is
like now that you're a parent you're
thinking about things differently
possibly with kids and with your
daughter I mean how is that changed I
would say I'm applying the things I
always thought about because for all
these years of not being a parent I
would watch parents you know dressing
their kids in certain ways and I would
just be like how do you not see that
that is that the [ __ ] that that kid's
gonna get it all right you know what I
mean and it's just like for the love of
God can you give them a fight or son of
a [ __ ] yeah so like yeah I I think you
when you grow up you become one you
either completely forget your childhood
or you have a pretty vivid memory of it
and I you know it's most most of my
channel is positive that's interesting
observation yeah I feel like I forgot
most of it that means it probably had a
decent one right are the good
forget no because I I had I had a
no-good in a but I don't know I don't I
don't know what the amount of
psychologist but I just think like the
people I talked to they either like
remember everything right or it's just
like dude that was a long time ago man
so I think if you don't remember and
then you have a kid you know I wouldn't
want I would rather be the kid of the
parent that remembers right so it's a
yeah how do you forget my mother said
the funniest actually was kind of
heartbreaking
she you know my daughter's only a year
and a half and she was going I just
really enjoy these first three four
years yeah she was really enjoying
before they go to school the other kids
ruin him saddest things you ever said
button and then I was thinking like why
did she think I was ruined and I
probably was on some level that's
interesting that she remembered that
after all these years well because I'm
home from school
yeah but she's gonna send your kids to
school with with people who have kids
that they're not actively involved in
their life
yeah and so then the kids acting out
there the kids on his way to becoming a
problem and then your kid sees that
behavior starts to mimic it like I you
know a lot of my friends obviously have
kids that are older and they just oh
yeah oh yeah like it's just kids that
are just you know the key is not to get
mad at the kid you got to get mad at the
parents if you ever want to punch the
kid you don't do that right don't pop
you can punch the parent punch the dog
I'll give you a t-shirt I just but yeah
I mean I say with dogs now because we
have a dog and we go to the dog park a
lot and things like that and like it's
always don't it's all about not always
but sometimes yeah sometimes I mean I
don't know because dogs I feel like
there's just pure sweet Souls for the
most part and they have to be [ __ ] up
kind of by the owner to be really
dangerous animal there's the dogs that
nature says no to but people say yes to
adorable and then you like the mother
just that this inherently knows that
there's something [ __ ] up with the dog
kicks it away and the things gonna
starve to death and that's too
heartbreaking as a human being in a dog
lover to watch so you give it the bottle
and like you know then one day you see
it's got one red eye
you got the Terminator are you talking
about like an adopted dog or like a
getting a puppy
cuz I feel like when you adopt a dog you
definitely throw the dice a little bit
you know I had a rescue dog
so that was yet a pitbull right that was
my experience yeah and we ended up
having to find her a new home and
fortunately it worked out but she was
human aggressive as they say I spent
thousands of dollars trainers and all
this type of thing I'm like my trainer
and it ended up taking her and it really
it has been like the challenge I think
of his dog wanna be the trainer adopted
the dog yeah took incredible yeah yeah
as he Tad's he managed to tame the
animal now he's been working with her
for two years and she's over the first
time in her life has another dog friend
ah but he was the one who said you know
this is one of these dogs nature's said
no to but people say yes he goes I'm
thinking that that's what it is but
she's an absolute she's one of those
people like if she was just abandoned
again and then came in here and then met
the three of us once she'd be all timid
and when she saw that we were cool and
we're gonna once you fed her and
protecting her
she loved you is she almost love too
hard right right so then and then she be
treating everybody else who came to me
yeah like they were an axe murderer and
we would just never I mean so I had all
these things I used to one of my buddies
uh
Forest we used to just go on hikes and
and it took forever and ever never never
never but he was really good with
animals and she ended up accepting him
and it was the longest you know and I
had to do all like come back to the
house and just just have him you know
stop at the gate and then it was a
little bit behind the gate and then up
to the front door and then and then
those all the him walking in first and
just any little thing could cause like a
setback and it was it was you know it
was emotionally draining yeah yeah so I
mean and she yeah she ended up biting
one of my friends I always keep thinking
that mom when she raced at him there was
a party I should have kicked it because
who said she was on like a hardwood
floor I want to knocked her down you
know wasn't hurt
no she barely because she hadn't done
that before so she did but but how it
works is at first they go to the feet
then they go higher in each time is they
build up and then it's fight and then
grab and and it just you know it's sort
of like an escalating like alcoholic I
mean I'm talking kind of you know I
don't really know a lot of this stuff
and there's be a bunch of people right
now saying okay I just talked about what
my experience that's saying I know
everything about dogs so but that's
that's kind of I was afraid to adopt
because you just never know what you're
gonna get and I people give a [ __ ]
because we bought we bought a dog we
wanted we wanted a purebred puppy or not
a pure bet but we really like the
Maltese in the your keys we just we have
a friend who had to multi so and we
really like them so we're like so wrong
to get a Falcon got a Falcon let's go
any Maltese I know there's no Maltese
just a little fluffy white dog oh it's a
little toy dog New York you watch yeah
that you can pet but we get so much [ __ ]
for having bought a dog but it's like
you know you throw the dice when you you
don't know what these dogs at the pound
have been through you know it's like I
mean we're supposed to do just puppy
mill ones these dogs need to be bought
somebody's got to take care of these
dogs I mean do you need to know what
you're doing when you can get a rescue
to train them right yeah for me for me
it's my first dog so I don't want to
gamble too much and but it's it's crazy
it feels like you like when you're
walking down the street with him before
back Oh why'd you get them and they like
that you didn't buy that dog you it's
like if you care that much sorry this is
something that bothers me if you care
that much about adopting dogs how can
you have a kid you got to adopt kid
right there's kids out there that need a
home how dare you have a kid yeah of
your own if you're not gonna adopt first
heard say margin is basically a puppy
mill yeah I'd agree with that thanks I
got I got this man my theory has been
that if I if I was in your situation I
would just annoy the [ __ ] out of people
I wouldn't have volunteer it I got it at
all yeah yeah purebred I mean yeah it
was like the least sickly looking one
yeah I figured I'd get that one yeah I
love it yeah you just steer into it
I love that honey that's why I was a
yeah I was over in France and like I'm
trying to learn how to speak French I
haven't yeah been bad with it but like
when I go over there you know if you
stink they just start speaking English
and I was just like well if I gotta
listen the English you listening to my
French right and I would just torture
them with it and I would not switch over
and I'd be like I speak English and it's
like I speak French okay this is the
situation way to do yeah well so am I
gonna because you know I lived in Israel
with ela for five years and I succumbed
because every time you know they're like
oh this idiot American I'm gonna speak
English to him and I succumbed
I didn't steer in I wish I steered it
you got it you got to get into the
comedy of it just yet what you remember
their own language it's really funny it
made me look at immigrants differently
like but I guess that immigrants it's
worse because they're actually staying
you know what I mean right I would be
like I would be like back then I'm gonna
be there for ten days I'm not trying to
get employed [ __ ] and I just have a good
time I know I had a great time a great
time doing that I need to get a shirt
that says I bought this dog yeah so you
probably never spent much time at a dog
park because there's a whole thing there
and but it sounds like your dog would
have just gone on a rampage there
probably she was alright initially but
then once she sort of bonded with us
then it became a problem so no we stayed
away from there and then then everybody
else who watches like the dog whisperer
in that and then they tried to be the
guy he's right mr. atlas up yeah
everybody know where so many see if you
would have stated that I did that for a
while like the magic was making that
noise and it's just like now this guy's
been does he even know anything I also
wonder does he just pretend like he
knows and then we believe him you know
what I mean I don't know I mean you
right you really you're people I mean
he's doing this I mean how much what
does that do well I I think the guy
knows what he's doing okay I mean he got
a TV show there's people he did buddy he
worked with a lot of famous people's
dogs know famous people got eaten by
dogs so I would say you know some level
I think that's yeah you're really
cynical guy man that is a lot for me to
say that
yeah but you're not you know what you're
not as gonna close people think I listen
your podcast a lot and you are you're a
very optimistic fair guy there's like a
real fairness behind everything you say
I am it's nice to be listened to
everyone I mean serious you know he's
the king a rage common no I think that's
because you know I used to be a redhead
you know before it left me but I still
have the red beard there's just
something about like you can sort of
openly say that redheads are the
children of Satan and that's that's
totally all good it's all good kick a
ginger day all that [ __ ] does that
bother you though like for real all the
day no it doesn't it just it's it's
freeing because then I don't have to
care about whatever you're crying about
particularly white women complaining
about how difficult it is to live in the
United States of America this is
hilarious right you know I mean I mean
look if you some hillbilly living in a
dirt trail then yeah okay hmm I would
feel bad for you but like other than
that you have a you have you know pretty
