welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast
live today's episode is sponsored by
hims naturebox
Dollar Shave Club kaptara and the Elder
Scrolls legends next week oh my god I
forgot to put the thread up again every
time we'll be up after the live and
before the vaad hits youtube but next
week we have Tommy Wiseau the creator
and star of the room finger he's coming
on I'd say we'd had a tweet exchange
with him we spoke with his manager this
morning and it's confirmed it's also are
the last episode of this season one but
I'll talk more about that later there's
a thread up for questions for Tommy on
our subreddit go ahead and post them
there but let's get on to this week's
guest the illustrious and wonderful
Brendon green creator producer designer
of the massively successful most played
game on Steam yes biggest game ever on
Steam yes well not officially out today
yes we yeah with an astonishing 25
million copies sold approximately right
oh yeah 25 uh-huh and concurrent players
in the millions I've never seen anything
they just smashed we're going three
million concurrence today if you think
about that that's one-third or one out
of every hundred Americans playing this
game at once but it's I wonder what's
the geographical breakdown of that I
have a data team that worried about yeah
yeah sure but it had any rate oh no it's
been it's not it's like globally growing
and it's crazy I've know I've honestly
not seen anything like it since
minecraft really this game has pretty
much defined this year in gaming it's
unprecedented and I'm very happy and
honored to introduce Brendon green thank
you for joining us I appreciate it nice
wonderful salve year before we get into
deep here I just want to say if you guys
have any questions please give us a call
at eight one eight two one four eight
five zero four that's not your personal
number right okay
he was saying he thought he'd be funny
if we just posted his person over give
him a call do you have any question I'd
be a little twisted on the joke so for
people that don't know you or the game
can you talk a little bit about what pub
G is and what is the Battle Royale genre
okay so I started making mods like four
or five years ago on ARMA 2 and then
moved ARMA 3 and I created this
game-mode the battle royale game-mode
right and it got licensed by h1 about
three years ago now for inclusion in h1
that eventually became king of the kill
and then last year Blue Hole contacted
me from Korea and said we love what
you've done with a battle royale game
we'd like you to lead a team and make
your own battle royale and pop G was
born out of that so how did you get
that's like a lot and oh yeah right you
know there's like first of all how did
you get into making them a mod for ArmA
like so yeah where were you at the time
give me your humble story your humble
beginnings okay so I started off in
Brazil I would therefore love and
looking divorce and then was saving to
come home and I got back into gaming by
finding the dayz mod' I'd read some
stuff on Reddit Abed and I thought this
sounds really cool there's no rules
there's nothing it's just survive and I
really liked that idea with just a
survival game all right so I kind of
fell in love with the dayz mod and
formed or found a squad to play with
them that's how I kind of learned about
modding cuz the dayz mod was a mod so I
had a look at how it was made are you
were you programming then no I was a web
designer photographer I knew code just
from using javascript and jQuery so if I
died in websites but you know I wasn't a
coder my code is terrible like if people
tell me to fix the game if I try to fix
the game the servers would explode you
know your computer would burn so you
were able to make it using the modding
tools well yes so the code in an ARMA
sqf is kind of like JavaScript so it's
kind of an easy to understand so I just
looked at what other people had done and
beg borrow and stole code and just like
fast people just like for help and
the community and arm have really really
helpful about like helping you so I
created my own dayz mod' server for
people to play on messed with loot
tables just created more weapons and we
ended up creating something people
called like the cod of of dayz because
it was just about the PvP it was there
was no real survival it was just you
died didn't give a [ __ ] go one and just
keep going again right and again and
again and just it's all about the PvP so
after doing that for about six months I
kind of decided listen I wanted to make
a mod I'd seen what Brian Hicks and
Jordan ter did with the survivor games
this kind of streamer centric
competition and I liked what they did
but I thought okay I want to play this
I'm a streamer and I can't so let me see
if I can make something and I thought I
could improve some things they were
doing and battle royale game-mode was
born on Daisy
I basically modded a mod that's so great
it's it's incredible
and it's inspiring that you without even
being much of a background in pro or
game - oh yeah I know I disabled a very
many games I mean I wasn't like big
gamer you know oh I don't like this
seeing some of the people I meet at
conventions I am in no way a gamer I
just don't know how I wonder if that's
why I actually really loved the game
player I know like I'm not a gamer at
all
from the first moment I saw Ethan play
it I was like that's why like you you
were not a gamer necessarily and you
made again that you wanted to play
exactly yeah that's what I think it's
like I wasn't sort of I didn't have
rules of game design to follow I didn't
like when I first went to blue hole I
had many arguments with JC or League
game designer because he was like but
that's not the way I was taught to make
games or the way that they were taught
to make games I was like but it's okay
to break the rules here because people
obviously enjoy it and when I came to
making it it was it was very especially
the first one if you complained it was
too hard I'd make it harder you know it
was like you know I didn't like easy
games I liked to be challenged and I
like I think you know the win rating in
our game the amount of times you win is
so much lower than every other game you
know but that's the joy of it you know
it is because it's tough it's easy
concept survive right um it's a tough
game to master so I think that's why
it's been so frustrating right
oh yeah oh my god I've plucked many
hours and I my background is like I
played like 2,000 hours of dota 2 mmm
and I've played like a thousand hours
plus of counter-strike hmm and so I have
experienced an FPS and I get [ __ ] but
it's addictive you can't stop cuz you
start with nothing right it's every yeah
you know it's funny we had doctor
disrespect on here and he described it
the best way I've heard anyone say I'm
like why is this game so popular and he
says to me it's the story right every
new game has a story there's a narrative
experience its compresses that kind of
Daisy like long story into like 30
minutes and it's like what did I get
this round oh I got the S case yeah
anxious and and I just I think it
compresses that just unique story every
time and it's a simple game to learn you
know it's gotta be the popular he's got
to be tied in to the fact that it's such
watchable hmm it's a it's by far the
most streamed game oh yeah and it's
really fun to watch which is uh like if
you compared to something like dota 2
ice even though I love the game I can't
watch it I can't like I don't I've been
to League tournaments in uh in Korea I
don't understand these games yeah I know
it's like unless you pay especially
don't it like you have you see they have
the noob stream you know where the
commentator is kind of going well this
is why this is like this you have to
have played like a thousand hours just
to understand what you're watching yeah
but and and our game is simple to watch
you know it's it's very easy to
understand and even like you know this
guy is toast he's a hearthstone player
he said even like when he's playing
hearts on his mother and sister have no
clue you know of no interest but when
he's 9 babji they're like oh this is the
settler right ya know and that's I think
again it's the simplicity of the game
it's like and it's just the randomness
every time you know it's still not super
random but it is that it's a unique
story of reader so when you saw when you
started working on her you had the idea
to make this was it like you saw it as a
as a business opportunity that was there
or were you was it just a passion real
like hey this is a great thing I want to
develop this I wanted to make a game I
wanted to play like I wanted to play the
survivor games I thought this is a
really cool game mode right but because
it was for streamers only I couldn't
play it and I thought okay I want to
just try this and then see if I can make
a game mode that I can play with my
friends and if other people enjoy
even you know if not I still have a game
mode I can play with my friends right
there was my intention just have a a
popular server you know that would you
know people would enjoy playing the game
like when we had a popular dayz mod'
server I would sit on the server like
four hours at night just kicking people
with low bandwidth not playing the game
just like hiding in a bush and kicking
people with low bandwidth so everyone
else on the server could enjoy because
I'm low bandwidth if you had low
bandwidth you desync the whole server
really right that's it's just a way that
the armour network code of the time
worked huh that if you have a bad
connection you'd like it because it
wasn't like it was just synchronous
packets or like a single spot if one
person got blocked then all these other
ones got blocked and then people will
get kicked because they're getting no
response so you are just ensuring that
the server experience yes wrong to keep
a good and I didn't mind if you were
like but don't you want to play less
like well no these people can play when
I say you know and I like like seeing a
night without any yellow or red chains
you know you're kind of gone yeah that's
[ __ ] awesome so I made this for those
people to enjoy it wasn't I always saw
it as kind of I'd love to do a big
spectacle in eSports you know because
I'd see like dota and csgo and stuff and
yes these events are massive but it's
still two teams of five on the stage you
know and I wanted to fill a stadium with
people and put like a hundred people in
the centre and you know and that kind of
big like spectacle in eSports rather
than just two teams of five is that
where you see the game going I hope so
like I mean really I mean that's that's
the dream for me is like one point
always great and we get to raise a full
game but until we have our first major
that's where I really see kind of rife
it's kind of that's the dream completes
them you want our stadium with a hundred
players at the in the pit or the field
yeah and have like whatever thirty forty
thousand people watching I'm having that
first person to get down walk off yeah
shame it's like a long walk oh yeah
people in the audience like heads of
lettuce throw down that would actually
be quite I can see when it comes down to
like the final two or three of that that
would be pretty exhilarating right
[Music]
that's fine oh yeah but this like I mean
that's what I always dreamed that that
could be a great eSport you know and I
think it's I still think it could be so
what do you think are the
challenges that exist that you might
that you're aware of or want to overcome
to make sure that pub G can become a
great sport we have to get the game
eSports ready right I mean it's not
competitive well it is competitive but
it's not it's not completely bug free
you know there's lots of stuff we have
to improve and that's what we want to
spend like you know I keep saying like
this is 1.0 is a milestone for us it's
not the end of development we want to
continue over the next year to keep
improving you know that there may be
problems that launch tonight but we're
not gonna just leave them you know we
want to keep fixing and some of these
problems are really really hard to fix
you know there's there's problems that
are with the core engine itself that if
we try to fix them or touch them it
might end up with a hundred other
problems you know you're talking about
issues like pure rubber banding but this
is the big lie so rubber banding is
frustrating for me alone yeah so the why
that is and we're still trying to figure
it out but it's basically there we are
graded the engine from four one six or
four one four four one six right and
that change gave us a lot of network
problems and we're still trying to
figure out why those are occurring but
its core engine code and it's we have a
small team still relatively speaking
what we're still expanding but it's it's
quite tough to find good talent right
you know and tantor fits the company and
talent understands you know what we're
doing and are good enough to you know to
do the job we need them to do so it's
time you can't throw money at it you
know it's it just takes time and
eventually we get them but it's it just
yeah it's the network problem it's still
gonna be there probably at launch you
may see some rubber banding which sucks
but it's we're still trying to fix it
you know and it's I'm sure frustrates
you guys as much as people that are
always complaining oh no I mean it's
like you know oh no like we have like
guys that are in the office you know 14
15 hour days trying to figure this [ __ ]
out like really like they pour their
hearts and soul into it like if there's
a problem with the service today they
will not leave the office until the
servers are fix you know that they're
really dedicated to making this a great
experience and it when I hear people
like ragging on the dev team really like
I get mad because it's like you don't
understand how hard they work they
really you know and some people like oh
but we pay you know this you we expect
them to work 24 hours a day you know
the issue is that the game has become
almost unreasonably successful it's a
pre-release oh well at least until
tonight is the official release right
that's right and so you've got melee
you've sold 25 million copies but and
then people forget you know that this is
a pre-release and people are expecting
because you guys have so much revenue
coming in oh there's no excuse right I
know but I mean even our servers and
like you know functions like battle
lines about it costs in millions of
dollars you know it for what a month you
know per month for servers for all these
additional costs that like yes we have
made some money from selling the game
but there's all these additional costs
that you don't realize you know under
we've tried throwing monies at servers
but that doesn't fix them you know it's
like it takes time and a lot of these as
I said are really their core engine
issues that you have to do them very
carefully because like that's why we
couldn't update the live servers with
the test build was because there were so
many issues with the test build because
it was a different version of the engine
that we couldn't roll it out to three
million people you know or 25 million
people you know we just couldn't do that
to the play race that's why we had to
keep the live version was stable it
wasn't great but it was stable whereas
the test version not so stable but now
we've got to a stage now that there may
still be crashes there may be so be real
rounding but we are still working on it
you know yeah we want to you know we
want to get it stable we want to get a
kind of here yeah so gameplay-wise
work what do you see are the challenges
has become to becoming a competitive
game
we just need to balance stuff like the
blue zone you know we really do need to
do some passes on the blue zone to make
it more competitive and fairer for
players so people who don't know what
the blue zone is in the game this battle
royale genre I guess you would call it
there's a never shrinking plays
aggressive there's ever shrinking play
zone the timer runs out and there's this
blue cancer the creeps towards you and
if you don't stand beside the blue wall
you die yeah and so what about that is
is unbalanced in your opinion we just
have to look at like you know sometimes
it may jump too much or that the
distance may be too long or it might be
moving too fast so we haven't had a lot
of times always moving too fast right
but no I mean it's it's these kind of
things that we need to look at the data
and the players and and figure out like
what is best competitively for the game
to give everyone a fair chance and that
takes time but you know look at csgo
they're still releasing small updates
everything was right and that's we want
to be that you know that's what we want
that we want to continue to use over the
next 10 20 years you know and it we're
gonna take time to balance this but know
we have the data we just need to pick
through it so it just takes time these
you know this is I keep saying this is
just not a marathon or this is not a
sprint for us this is really a marathon
like it's we were building a team now
that we want to support this for 10 20
years you know and yeah one thing that
for me has been the hallmark of every
game with longevity has been and I guess
you would appreciate this more anyone
this scene for modding and custom games
okay I look back did you ever play like
Starcraft or Warcraft trying to conquer
yeah that did they have modding I don't
remember no I don't think so
but at least I didn't mod so at any rate
starcraft brood war I played that game
for like a decade and most we would
played that didn't even play the actual
competitive aspect one was playing the
custom maps is that something you guys
have planned well if we'd love to like
we have custom games already right you
guys know yeah clay that a lot of them
which is great right and we want to give
more fine great control over those
custom games so you can really start
playing around and creating unique link
other game modes like now that right I
just give you guys so much control and
and maybe allow you know other things to
plug into that but you know as for
complete modding like you'd see say an
armor maybe not yes you know I don't
know because this is a competitive game
so like what I want like this is going
to be a competitive game so if you start
opening up to modding it opens up to
cheating and a whole thing really it
opens up to cheating well it's it just
means that like you're opening up parts
of your engine to let people play with
and I don't think that if we don't do it
correctly it could end up you know being
bad for security so you know we realize
there's this whole like you know that we
can't just add modding you know because
we need to and as well like you know
releasing our server files for people to
host our own servers again will you know
could lead to priority and in China and
so forth at where someone releases an
exact clone of our game and you know
things like this so like these are all
