[Music]
welcome everybody to the h3 podcast
gazebo experience guys would you take a
minute and please join me under the
gazebo
of course referencing to our new h3
video that I hope everyone enjoyed the
catfish Mayo kit god bless you all thank
you to today our sponsors are Robin Hood
expressvpn and honey and I thank you all
for joining us on this beautiful
splendid blessed Friday we are truly
blessed being going a Friday together
God you know I saw one time I was at a
store and someone and they'll check out
lady she says to me have a blessed day
on all things I don't believe in God but
I just love that have a blessed day like
damn like good day know blessed that's
pretty nice I was touched like the idea
that God and all of his infinite power
and wisdom was like this day's a blessed
for you for you and only you I love that
not only you we're all blessed to having
fun I just love it so I have a blessed
Friday everyone we got a lot to talk
about we're talking about better help a
lot of controversy there we are talking
about there's been a story that lacroix
popular Sodapop drink which of which I
am a big fan is being sued for putting
cockroach poison and their drinks sounds
a little far-fetched horrible but is it
let's find out we're gonna take a deep
dive we've also got up Kanye West the
great Kanye West had a meeting with
Donald Trump that has got a lot of
people talking and so much more today on
the join me under the gazebo would you
please experience so let's start with
let's start from the top you're better
help okay now better help I think that
there's a lot of misconceptions going
around yeah I'm not we're gonna take a
deep dive know that wasn't going the
whole time was it no no
I'm not used that my laptop is also
right that's right okay all right where
was it you know can you join me into the
better help there's been a lot of
misconception about I'm talking about my
involvement with better hub okay let me
start from the top
better help is an online therapy service
okay which they've sponsored one of our
podcast episodes a couple of months ago
mm-hmm okay now a lot of youtubers have
been getting criticized lately for
having put better help reads on their
videos about mental health about them
being depressed and such and a lot of
people have been accusing them of being
predatory because they're like oh I'm so
depressed and here's better help they're
accusing them of exaggerating their
depression to sell better help or to get
a better help sponsor I don't know and
then people started going through their
Terms of Service and found some
concerning things there as well in the
Terms of Service there was something III
don't remember exactly there was
something like they can't guarantee that
something your conversation private
stuff like that like like you know weird
stuff and so first of all I want to make
clear okay first of all we had one
sponsor with better help that was two
months ago and the topic of mental
health was not brought up in association
with our read at all yeah and to the
best of my recollection I don't think
that we even talked about it in that
episode and it predated our update video
when I talked about being depressed by
month a month at least okay but here's
where I think people got thrown off
because PewDiePie made a new video about
it and he goes through the Terms of
Service and he points out a lot of
questionable things which is fine and he
doesn't like the service and he raises
good points about it
but the way that he presented
my involvement in it I thought was a
little misleading and a little out of
context and it made it look like I was
way more involved with this company than
I was or even that it made it look like
I used my being depressed yeah - somehow
sell better help so I want to show you
guys if I could please exhibit a this is
PewDiePie's video let me go back a
little bit so let's watch this so he
goes on here he's talking about a manor
house I was just joking by the way guys
everyone is a sociopath enter the code
Shan for your cheaper online therapy
today I would never have guessed it will
actually this was the case so this leads
to a lot of the sponsored videos of
these hundred hundred of youtubers being
about mental health which could actually
be a good thing but they are made so
that people sign up for the website
I'm Scott it's Scott for depression to
expression so he's saying there's all
these youtubers that are promoting
better help on videos about depression
he has a problem with that he doesn't
think that that's ethical so here's
here's what he shows here if you're
looking for anything to miss out on
don't miss out on this welcome to
expression whoa I actually messed up
there and completely serious before we
start I have so much respect for each
and every one of you for watching and
being why do you ask for my payment
information now okay as we know I've
been in therapy I've been just dealing
with a lot of stuff that I need to deal
with and I feel good anyways I feel good
that's what is that probably about so
you can access professional affordable
anchor me and counseling I just hit a
wall where it was it was gotten so bad
that it was basically either stop making
videos or disappear also this video is
sponsored by better help more action
about that so the way it's cut makes it
look like my video my update video was
sponsored by better health yeah exactly
and I saw what I felt when I saw it -
yeah and I thought it was I was like
whoa like why would that be there yeah
like that gives totally the wrong
impression
because I've never talked about better
help and depression ever that's when I
did the sponsor read two months ago I
didn't even endorse the product because
I have never used the service we checked
it to make sure we checked it to make
sure that within 24 hours of therapists
contacted us and they did so we did some
due diligence in that regard to test out
the service but I never endorsed it I
never said that I used it to treat my
depression either but it seemed but at
any rate let me let me say focus on this
that seems like the only reasonable
conclusion to make is that he's calling
me out which is I thought I was like
dude what the hell and I was I was
pretty upset with him and I contact him
directly and I was like hey man what why
what's the deal and he says he didn't he
didn't mean to make it look that way and
he made a comment trying to clarify but
people that read the comments compared
to people to watch the video is very
small okay so what happened here is that
Bobby burns this youtuber here made a
video about depression that's sponsored
by better help and he uses my clip in it
talking about depression so here let me
show you this any more videos I just hit
a wall work it was it was gotten so bad
that it was basically either stop making
videos or disappear forever so today's
video is going to be about YouTube
happiness but before we get started make
sure you click that notification bell
lets you know whenever I upload new
videos also this video is sponsored by
though you'll notice that it's from
Bobby's video but he cut out the context
to understand either way cuz the part in
PewDiePie his video yeah let me go back
it's just kind of like a supercut of
examples of people like it doesn't
really inform the butt line so
affordable ank you me and counseling I
just hit a wall I think he did it on my
he didn't do it on purpose but then I
just want to clarify yeah you know
because it makes it to us it did make a
difference
to make a connection between being
depressed and then from that company
yeah we didn't want to do that it's my
personal choice that we made so that it
was kind and so and I think that people
who is the biggest youtuber in the world
talking about those people take it
seriously and it looks like it I mean
that's how I interpreted I could be
wrong I talked to a lot of other people
that saw it that way too and it just
seems like but you can see basically
either so that don't work better help
more information about that at the end
of this video though again and he goes
on to to criticize criticize a lot of
youtubers he also doesn't really
criticize them harshly is more
criticizing the service of better help
names he names a lot of people and he
shows a lot of faces of people and you
know when you're PewDiePie the effect of
that is that yeah he was he was very he
was very tempered in his criticism he
wasn't like coming out no you know he
was being very he was being very
rational and fair about it I mean I'm
not Sarah but again I just want to clear
that up that that video was not in any
way sponsored by better we've only
worked with them once so okay but
regardless of that I think it's pretty
weird that Bobbi used that clip anyway
because I keep seeing that clip going
around of Bobbi using my clip talking
about depression but there's not a clear
separation so people think that I that's
not the case so let me just see here we
go so in response to the criticism so I
first of all I just want to make that
clear okay now in response to dirt I
think that there was some implication
that anyone that works with better help
is negligent a shill or irresponsible or
somehow selling out their fans and even
though I never mentioned depression and
my Reid I do disagree with that
assertion I do personally disagree with
that assertion
now let me talk about this I'm not sure
what first of all I'm not sure what I
could do to vet them more than I did I
mean in a in a perfect world I like the
service it seems interesting and it
seems like would be useful for a lot of
people mm-hmm like on face value seems
like a cool service they're owned by a
publicly traded company and they're one
of the most widely advertised services
on the internet across television radio
podcasting and YouTube so with all the
information available it's a perfectly
rational decision to think that it's a
good useful service and something that's
that's a good good to promote and I mean
again these guys are going through the
Terms of Service and picking it apart
and there's weird questionable stuff in
there but I don't think like this it's a
it's a weird standard to make that you
want the slip the expectation that
anyone you ever work with you're reading
the entire 20 page legal document of the
Terms of Service like I don't think
anyone very few people in the history of
YouTube have ever read the Terms of
Service and I'm willing to bet that if
they did read the Terms of Service they
wouldn't want to work with them because
Terms of Service is written to remove
liability so it always sounds bad
terminal service is meant to sound bad
and scary they're literally the purpose
is to remove liability so to expect
YouTube I don't I think that's a
slippery slope if you are expecting
everyone to read the Terms of Service or
every partner they've ever worked with
them on on face value it's as reputable
as it as a partner as you can have yeah
we've had some offers for responses that
we decline that happens but someone like
better helps like past all the questions
that you would normally ask you know is
they do have good reviews online when we
looked up yeah of course no they and and
look people can promote people decide
how they want to promote different
products I personally wasn't comfortable
promoting it in terms of me being
depressed and I wasn't personally
comfortable saying I've used the service
when I haven't but it seemed good and it
seemed like it'd be useful and helpful
so I promoted it as such now
I think people are just a little too
quick to throw others under the bus and
be way overly cynical about this okay I
understand that it can seem in poor
taste to promote better help in a video
about being depressed which I didn't do
for the record and I have never done but
from the flip side think about it from
their perspective someone like like
boogie Philip DeFranco Bobby burns I
don't know Shane well everyone think of
it from their side instead of being so
cynical and thinking that it's a
celebrity skin
to them it's a win-win it's like oh this
app is gonna help people it seems like a
good service and my videos promoted yeah
it's like you know be optimistic about
it and it feels like a win-win I mean
that's how sponsors Jam YouTube have
always worked like content like sponsors
have video game content you have a video
game sponsorship on it if you make car
content or tech content you have
technology or a car like like content
like sponsors that's how it works so
it's easy to see where people have come
from thinking that it's okay to pair
those up it seems like a win-win and so
I completely understand where they're
coming from and I think once again
people are thinking about it backwards I
think what has been happening is that
better help because there's been this
implication that people have exaggerated
being depressed to sell better help as
that is a very sad way to be really
shitty that would be very shitty and the
people that I've seen being called out
are people that I know have had a
history with mental health issues and so
I think it's kind of ironic to like real
and dogpile on these people you know I
think what I think you guys have it
backwards the people who are being
overly cynical people who have spoken
about mental health issues are the
people that are being approached by
better health right so it's not doesn't
start from wanting to sell better help
it starts from having these issues and
then better help comes in because they
see an opportunity yeah I think that's
how these partnerships have happened and
then finally I've heard this argument
that it's unethical for youtubers to
even make money from promoting service
about mental health that I heard that
it's unethical to take money for that it
should be done for free even and I well
who benefits from doing it for free
better help what you're gonna do free
copy reads we're better out there
business you know the capitalist society
that's the way the world turns I mean
saying it's illogical for youtuber or
immoral for youtuber to collect money to
promote better help is equal is is
similar to saying it is it immoral for a
doctor or a therapist or nurse to get
paid for their work because it benefits
people I mean this is a capitalist
society we this is how at what point
what where does red line at what point
does it become immoral right
there's therapists the charge $50 an
hour $200 an hour $500 an hour at what
point does it become immoral for
therapists to charge 50 large now or
$500 an hour their service not valuable
is that not the capital is is not a
commodity I mean you know what I'm
saying if they're better at it do they
not deserve to get paid more so this
blanket statement that it's somehow
immoral to sponsor online therapy
strikes me as an odd one and not one
that makes much sense especially could
sitting here in the United States our
hospitals our doctors everything cancer
treatment for chrissake is heavily
monetized yeah and I personally find
that to be disgraceful but are we saying
that they shouldn't get paid at all they
should they volunteer I mean it's a it's
an argument that doesn't make much sense
to me and it falls apart in my mind when
you
to break it down it's a nice it's a nice
stop but it doesn't really make that
much sense now once again I want to
acknowledge this is somebody I worked
with one time months ago and I never
promoted them in context of being
depressed and I never said that I used
their service to treat my depression I'm
not a doctor I'm not journalists I'm not
a lawyer this is my opinion feel free to
disagree but I've been watching this
kind of devolve and I think that people
are being way overly cynical about this
and it's just another example of like I
don't know it just feels like one of
these things that just making YouTube
even more toxic mm-hmm
like even more distrustful of people and
even more cynical of each other and the
people and I just don't know why and and
I I don't know I just didn't feel it
just doesn't feel right this whole thing
and sure some people are being
opportunistic probably some but that's
always gonna happen yeah I don't know
someone now there's there's been a lot
of controversy about Philip DeFranco
because he was apparently sponsored with
them and dunno I don't know anything
about what Philip defranco's up to not
commenting at all about that and I know
like he had been connected somehow with
Shane's better help sponsorship he's not
connected to us at all ours came through
an agency and let me say this by the way
when you work with sponsors we work with
a lot of sponsors here on the podcast
they come through agencies that vet them
I check for their credibility to collect
payments and make sure they're legit
okay because obviously yeah so obviously
we as business owners and as
entertainers are not going to read the
Terms of Service of all of our partners
that's insane nobody has time for that
so we entrust our agency to to verify
the legitimacy of these companies and I
don't think they failed in this case I
mean we think about it too I don't just
pass the buck completely them I make a
conscious decision to work with someone
or not but in this case I don't regret I
I mean like yeah there's some
questionable things in terms of service
but let me say this with the information
I had at the time I made the right
decision
and and and that's it you know I think
if you want to criticize the company
that's one thing and that's totally fine
but yeah to come at youtubers who have
worked with them seems overly cynical
and toxic and it's just not now I don't
know she's not necessary I don't know
and you guys another crutch of this
argument is the implication that people
don't there's so many sponsors available
on YouTube now you don't have to act the
press to get a sponsor on YouTube mm-hmm
you really don't I mean I don't know it
just it make it I don't know if that
whole thing just made me feel really sad
I felt really bad honestly when I saw
Felix's video and kind of the way it was
portrayed I'm not gonna lie I felt it
felt really awful and I know we didn't
mean to do it
but like I didn't want people to think I
know a lot of people were getting the
wrong and I felt bad for all the other
people he named to because it's like
these are people that already have been
dealing with stuff and it's like it's
like man I don't know just overly
cynical and again I chose not to talk
about my depression people make
decisions I didn't want to do that but
that's just my opinion you can feel free
to disagree with me and that's fine okay
we can have dissenting opinions you
don't have to come [ __ ] murder my
family and [ __ ] down my throat
because I happen to have my own opinion
about this I think YouTube's gotten way
too [ __ ] toxic way too overly cynical
and when you start throwing good honest
youtubers under the bus that I think
they're I think we need to reel it back
