[Music]
welcome one and all to the h3 podcast
experience or change it to experience oh
nice it feels more if we're trying to
compete with Joe Rogan's yeah why did
that start I don't know I tried to hype
it podcasts are boring it needs to be an
experience of the life changing
experience when you listen to this
podcast you will come out a different
person my guaranteed if you will lose
200 pounds just by listening that laughs
that way case study here this episode is
sponsored by ring stitch fix the black
tux and seat geek guys we are here with
the great and wonderful buggy we have a
lot to talk about
one of the main issues is is weight loss
and dealing with that and I thought
maybe some of you guys have some
interesting stories you'd like to share
with us today alive so give us a ring at
eight one eight two one four eight five
zero four if you would like to share
your story with us another note before
we get into it loving the end the intern
songs you guys put together last week
they're so freaking awesome
we had a competent not a competition but
people were making meme songs about her
intern awesome you bought blessed us
quickly Dan okay give me one sec anyway
send them to podcast at eight straight
reproductions calm and I'm going to tell
you guys what I'll tell you guys what
the favorite tunes are gonna want a
brand new flippin Samsung Galaxy S nine
plus eight enter it could be yours
today's guest needs no introduction the
great boogie2988 is back here with us
say last time you were here almost
exactly a year ago we had an amazing and
you have since then basically when you
were here previously you were just about
to undergo gastric bypass I was it was
June last year and then I got surgery
the second week of August
and now I'm down a hundred eighty pounds
180 pounds where did you start before
you wanted to circus ever five four well
because there was six hundred pounds but
just before surgery he Laurie started
the liquid diet was 540 yeah well yeah
and our doubts like three I guess I'm
not doing my math exactly I don't know
if it's a hundred eighty about down to
three sixty five sixty three sixty Wow
I got on the plane but I'm still
monumentally fat like I am tremendously
huge right I'm way more than both guys
who live in towns is right that's how
much that way so I've still got a long
ways to go I my doctor wants me to lose
another seventy five and then just get
right under 300 and then we got a lot of
skin to remove which we I like it's so
bad like I look like naked I look like
the Michelin Man blew a tire I look like
the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
after the Ghostbusters movie I look like
the Elephant Man but only from the neck
down because it's so bad so at what
point during the weight loss do you say
okay I'm gonna remove the skin like
because yeah I know you want to lose
more right so they don't like to do it
within the first couple years they want
the skin to like shrink as much as it
can like tighten up and like they want
to make sure you got as much fat out of
there as you can right because it makes
it easier like cauterize and stuff and
at first I told them I don't want to do
that I'm not interested like this who
cares about this right right you know
okay it looks like I have a flying
squirrel I don't have a shed but there's
the chest and like this underbelly the
actual Fupa Fupa king I am still
undisputed it's like so uncomfortable
and it makes a difficult exercise and
makes it really so the skin gets in the
way yeah it's like straight up in the
way and so it does it's not gonna be
like that for everybody some people my
size or smaller don't have that problem
some people my size who are younger
don't have that problem but since I was
in my 40s and yes it's a real issue I
like the the nurse she's like so we'll
schedule that for the consultation or
the one-year mark and I'm like for the
plastic surgeon I'm not gonna get that
[ __ ] you know you trust me you're gonna
want it and then at the four month mark
I was like oh I really want that well
bad god bless I mean good problem to
have
yeah it's a good problem to have yeah I
I don't know it's just it's weird like
they talked about body dysmorphia and
you hear that term a lot would like for
people who're trans and stuff and I
didn't I was like
that's not a thing that I could
experience but like I was really looking
at old photos I took all my old photos
down I couldn't stand to look at him
right YouTube recommends one of my older
videos I'm like who is that guy I don't
even look like so what is the body
dysmorphia part because isn't that when
you like see yourself in a way that
you're not right so I still see myself
with like five hundred six and five okay
you don't see yourself any different
then I used I'll look at a street corner
and I'll think I can't walk to that but
I know I can now we're all like I'll be
putting on one of my shirts I'm down to
a 4x now this is like a six this has
fallen off me but I'll put on a 4x shirt
and I'm sliding it on I'm like oh this
is not going to over my body but it does
or like I'm walking through a restaurant
or a store and I'm like I can't fit down
that I it's just a actual disconnect
right with reality and like is that
affecting your yeah your continued
weight loss efforts
well they've not has been as great as I
would like nice I stalled right about I
stalled right about the control board
you yeah so you can sit back I sold
right about like 375 for a while and
then I started doing some pretty big
cuts to get down to like about a pound a
loss oh wait so I don't know like I your
listeners may not know right after I got
this surgery made my ex wife divorced
hmm and like you guys didn't know about
it until December but we had talked
about it for the first time in July and
then we made the agreement like we'll
get the surgery done and see what it's
like after the surgery but she was ready
to go and I was still like bleeding
really I was not even remotely recovered
I wasn't able to stand up I wasn't even
really cook for myself so they were
clean it was it was it was youthful I
mean it omma it's probably hard not to
be upset and to feel like a bandit in a
way because it seems like you were
vulnerable and and that's what I like
the timing sucked but yeah right I mean
what you were saying you went through a
divorce like life-changing weight loss
of a really intense surgery all within
the scope of three months by god I get
this like Fight Club mentality about it
like just like let's just burn it down
yeah and just start over like let's just
completely rebuild who and what I mean
you have nothing to lose exact just
[ __ ] right and so I told a therapist
actually lost my therapist over this
conversation but I'm a your pistol can
leave right here they're like I don't
want to work with you anymore because I
got the wrong idea in your head and I
think it was the right idea but she
disagreed entirely but I'm like so I
know that I made that happen that
doesn't seem very professional they're
like you know what you're too [ __ ] up
that's
I'm not a good fetes what they say it's
like it's not you it's not that's what
they gave me but I'm like buddy that
feel getting dropped by the shrink it
sucked but I just moved on to the next
one because it happens like sometimes
you're a good fit sometimes you're not
it's like anything else in there and if
you don't have a good therapist you're
not a good fit with that person that's
really hard we were really good fit for
real on top of the conversation I had
with her I'm like so I realized right
now I have to be miserable I've gone
through a divorce and divorces are
miserable you can write and I can't I'm
physically in pain all the time and I
can't rely on my one favorite thing in
the world which is food mm-hmm so I
can't drink I can't smoke I can't do it
I can't like shoot cocaine I can't do
anything mm-hmm I have no recourse so
I'm just gonna have to push through the
physical pain I'm gonna have to push
through the emotional pain I'll have to
I'm not gonna try to go back to an
addicts State of Mind and just try to
avoid it and try to deal with it and
like go back in a stupid bad habits cuz
I'm gonna get addicted to painkillers
I'm gonna get addicted to food again I'm
gonna poison myself you know um and I'm
like I just have to accept that I have
to be miserable for a while to do the
works like I mean not miserable in the
future right and she's like there's a
very destructive attitude you can't
think that way a sense to me right and
it was like what was what was it's like
if you choose to be miserable right now
you're gonna end up going back to old
habits what you need to do is you need
to start finding the joy in your daily
life and like under there isn't any
right there isn't to me this is just the
worst six months of my life and I just
have to deal with it yeah and I'm so
glad because now I'm out the six months
and I've went through the physical
therapy and I went through the divorce
and you know I've dated a little bit and
yeah yeah that was weird
how'd you meet him tinder believe it or
not yeah it's real so wait after how
long of being together so me me my
ex-wife were together for four seven
years Oh married for four and so that
was tough and so like every girl that
I've met on tinder I did the opposite of
like try to woo them I was like so
here's the thing I just went through a
divorce and I also got gastric bypass
surgery I I look like I'm melting
physically my problem my brain is on
fire but I'm not looking to get into a
relationship or nor do I ever want to be
one and again I plan to die alone
would you like me can we no Marvel movie
with me because that's all I want a just
want somebody goes to the Marvel movie
with you you like Marvel movies let's go
see Marvin yeah I can go with my friends
that's fine so you said no not a fad
right it's not and so like a the biggest
thing is is you know I'm not a
good-looking guy you know I have like
all seven teeth so like the girls are
not physically like excited but like
they know me from YouTube that's what's
been been a big part of it they're like
well I know you you helped my cousin you
helped my my brother you helped me so
you've gone on her ample dates to the
movies yeah and as anything is there new
special there was one girl who seems
like two and a half months and that was
fun and she was really nice but just
wasn't a great fit like she wanted more
that I could like provide because I
understand like emotionally there yeah I
was too busy like done with XY stuff and
all that stuff so that was kind of nice
but yeah it's just I don't know a it I
don't know it I don't know if I'll ever
like trust again like that's a stupid
thing to say but it's hard
ya know but like at the same time like I
have I'm not really angry my ex-wife and
I don't really feel like I should be
because we weren't happy right sure you
know and like that VidCon I've never
said this elsewhere and this is the only
place I would ever say this that last
VidCon not just because the Anita
sarkeesian your was that when you were
here yes like we meet get me my ex-wife
were at our worst during that VidCon
traveling was so bad we were having like
an unhappy time in the hotel and an
unhappy time in the car owner what here
it was a brick wall let me I want to say
I want to say something yeah you were
here almost a year ago you're here with
your ex-wife yeah and when you came here
it was a such a struggle for you to
physically walk in here you were taking
breaks yeah you could you came you sat
here because you couldn't really write
like we talked about
we took the little intermission you guys
got up and walked around and I literally
sit here and look at my phone you know I
had to piss because I couldn't write but
I'll say this
yeah can you pull those pictures up this
time you walked in on by yourself you're
slamming around you stood up and took a
photo here as well like this was the one
before you couldn't get up so we went
over to that side and took the photo so
hard look here's the news so hard
looking at these older pictures for me I
really
but it does it not here blow that up a
little bit and this one [ __ ] we did
it in that goddamn iconic spot yeah and
that's look you look great man that's a
that's a really good photo I'm getting
there
you know like I don't know most people
in they lose weight they look younger
and I'm getting older because you know
like fat doesn't crack is the joke right
and so like I started to see the crows I
don't agree by the way why do you what
do you what do you feel sad when you
look at the old photo of you because I
to me I know the state I was in mentally
and I was just like defeated and I
didn't care to fight like the morbid
obesity and I was trying like to get my
brain around it and to want to do it and
want to be healthy and want to be better
but I just didn't give a [ __ ] on some
level and that's why I just couldn't
push myself thing every licked right and
like the surgery I mean that was what is
like physical rehab like being forced
rehab surgical rehab what was there a
moment or kind of a catalyst where
you're like you know what I need to like
you finally something click because you
on your by your own will lost what 60 80
pounds before you could even get this
right and and that was like I think I
think the testament is you have to
you're supposed to do a two-week
entirely liquid diet like 800 calories a
day for the first two weeks to prepare
your liver and drink calories right holy
crap you got to prepare your liver you
got to prepare your body for the surgery
and if you cheat on that diet and they
open you up and see that you didn't do
it then they will not do the surgery
whoa right that's serious
they just like alright you got him up
right patch him up we can't do it Wow
so going into that knowing that I'm like
you know how am I gonna do this I've
never been able to put down a fork in my
life how am I gonna do this and then I
just did it and what was it what was it
that I was dying like I was history you
felt it like mush I was like 240 over
210 sometimes like with the anxiety and
like the the physical stress I was in I
was taking wads and medication to keep
my blood pressure down and I was just
straight dying and my surgeon is like
ideally you would get all the way down
to 425 before we do anything mm and you
know doing it as such a larger size
means you're you're bottoming out will
be way higher than we want it to be you
know if we look at the bell curve and
you'll uh get into calculators less
you're gonna get down to 300 and that's
where you're gonna stop boogie and
that's just the math of it it'll take
incredible discipline for the rest of
your life to get done right and but if
we do it at 400 we'll get you down at
225 right
and I'm like [ __ ] okay but he's like we
have to do it now because you are dime
yeah so let's pull the trigger I want to
save your life because I know you'll pay
it forward so now it's been a little bit
of a time you've lost like 180 pounds
you said like physically how do you feel
like I mean it's been a since all this
stuff [ __ ] tag yeah it's got to feel
like you [ __ ] walked up here yeah
yourself I haven't felt this good since
I was 20 well and like I flew in 83 last
week and you know Jeff Healey the
YouTube team they put me on camera for
like five or six segments and I get to
host my own segment interview developers
is amazing
great opportunity couldn't have done
that otherwise but normally when I flew
into LA every time I've ever had to fly
in LA I needed fiscal assistance so if a
fan saw me they saw me in a [ __ ]
wheelchair get pushed by somebody last
VidCon you're in a wheelchair right robe
for part of it and I still my doctor
still wants me running the motor scooter
for these events but I just Park it and
I don't bring it anywhere and I don't do
anything but I have it it's like you
wanted in case he pulls back muscle at
AC you do Hayes case you go too far but
like I went to a fortnight event during
e3 and abandon the cart you know ten
miles back at the hotel and I was on my
feet for like two and a half hours and
much like marshmallow and that's amazing
and logic right I like a logic and
concert and like yeah I don't know it's
just like I can do that now and I want
to do it so I hate having to keep that
thing but I do use it a little bit at
these events just to be safe but are you
afraid like it's funny I was tough our
previous guest Tom Segura I was talking
to him about weight loss by every stand
a much different scale but he said
something I thought was what's funny but
very true he's like he used to be really
big and lost a ton of weight yeah I said
I always feel like I'm five days away
from completely relapsing I could see
that it was how do you feel about well
after the surgery do you feel like
you're super motivated to keep going or
you still feel like super motivated
right now but I talked to a lot of
people in a way I talked a lot of people
on on the subreddit I talked to a lot of
people on the Facebook groups you know
these these Recovery Group C surgery
groups and like I'm in several and
there's some people like one guy in my
area I don't want to doc some
um but he you know never allowed to
smoke again
because if you do you can perforate the
surgical scars in your stomach well and
so the smoker right he started smoking
again at the six-month mark and now it's
been a one year since the surgery and he
has perforated his stomach and so what
does that mean basically there's holes
in the surgical lining of his stomach
and so he's literally he eats when he
eats he's dumping stomach juices and
food so it's almost worse off right so
like the chances of him buying any day
is like happening and I'm like I'm
learning from him like how do you how do
you know why are you doing that I guess
I don't know it's a stress ring right
and you're you're under more stress than
you've ever been
yeah and and like you said I mean food
is is kind of always been something that
you've leaned on then the good news is
our cigarettes in his case the good news
is I will tell your audience that I've
told them before there were a couple of
times like right after the divorce I was
like you know what
um cake is delicious so I don't give a
[ __ ]
I'm ready cake mm-hmm and it made me
very very sick and maybe very very ill
because your summit but I'm so sick all
alive it's because like I just wasn't
used to those foods anymore I'm over it
right and so I like I'll push through it
because I'm really really dedicated to
looking this up I guess and so you're
saying you felt off on but you kept
eating right you know what man I'm gonna
eat this I'm gonna go back in a
self-destructive mode and do it and then
my stomach the surgery kicks in and it's
like hey boss you know we can only eat
about for us as a food still right and
like oh so that's why the surgery is so
