all right let's do this thing ladies and
gent hit the music even a Neela Klein
and post balloon
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
what up EPS what the [ __ ]
Bikaner oh that conference is tomorrow
night about that holy [ __ ] did I hear no
heckling cuz it's I'm against that
policy bro heckling am I logged out of
this computer yep
alright right how off to a good start
we're logged out of our computer here
Alex need your password Oh how's
everybody doing tonight wow this is
insane
[ __ ] you know did anybody like come from
a far distance to be here how far what
we got fingers over here what was that
Missouri holy [ __ ]
did you oh my God thank you God bless
you dude that's do we have a password
check on the computer who else
long distance what do you got
Philadelphia what up pips damn you know
thank you guys Oh whose birthday oh
happy birthday thank you so much god
bless you
is this gonna is the past we're gonna
pop up if I don't touch okay all right
thanks Alex you're fired by the way
[Laughter]
first of all uh thank you guys all you
guys could be doing anything in the damn
world right now and you all chose to sit
here with our goofy asses so that means
a lot and obviously post Malone hey guys
my [ __ ] unbelievable I'm [ __ ]
absolutely terrified okay sing every
night I'm Tara I am so scared right now
because I want I'm gonna count how many
words either says no you uh you know
what up you have anything you want to
say no perfect yes so ela so ela I do
want to say Austin post Malone this guy
is so ride-or-die he's always there for
us and like for you to show up on our
first live show to grace us like this
and
get that much more special I honestly
just want to say huge huge thing you
mean I love you better thank you brother
thanks for having me and I just hope I
don't bother anybody with my presence
that's not righteous kick-ass time is
this live right this is double life
there's so many layers to live from this
there's a live stream which we usually
live stream our podcast and there's a
live audience is there are other layers
of life that where I'm not we're going
to get live living people
is this my water does Austin water okay
the password in the water
we're like listen alone is showing up
we're gonna need at least 12 beers at
his side Bud Lights and we and they
delivered on that there's definitely not
12 are you serious how many times do I
have to fire you tonight is Bud Light
sponsoring you yet by the way I don't
know I don't think I could talk about it
oh that sounds promising
shut up the Bud Light bite alright let's
get started you know I was driving in
here today and I don't know how many of
you guys saw this there was a giant
billboard you know pulled that up would
you that said it really was just like
hey I mean I just took this literally
driving in well you gotta move that
window this we're not used to this setup
this is our first time here doing this
so you this is important I need to make
sure that you guys actually see this
like as close there you go the projector
is really hard driving in just here
today syphilis is serious I'm like Jesus
Christ what's going on in Hollywood like
I know it's serious but like what do I
am I not supposed to breathe here like
how serious is it apparently there's
another one that somebody said there was
like gonorrhea we'll get you there's
like an epidemic in Hollywood of STDs so
make sure to they're free the checks are
free and the STDs are free food yeah s
fees are free depends on who we had a
long conversation here on the podcast
once about bugchasers were you there for
that I don't think they're yeah there's
people out there that they love catching
the bugs and specifically aids like
they're they'll go like take a dip well
they get it you I was talking about
there's like aids parties yeah yeah okay
yeah probably I mean I don't know who
else you'd be talking to about that they
go to these parties and there's one dude
with AIDS and everybody just [ __ ] each
other and then one other person leaves
with AIDS a gosh it's like aids relax
yeah AIDS relay arts like it sounds like
a bonus stage of a really awful game a
great [ __ ] deejays casino [ __ ]
slot machine
how you doing post how you been lately
I'm good you're about to start a big
tour right you're sure sure thing
did you told me you're getting this can
I do this yeah yeah yeah I'd smoke first
ask questions later you know I mean [ __ ]
Dave Chappelle does it yeah that's true
well I guess there's a technicality when
you're performing that like you can say
it's part of the performance you're like
okay it's an act it's an appetizer I
don't actually smoke I want to have a
cigarette but my mom is watching exactly
but if my jewel at home it's just an act
mom cardinal sin leaving your jewel you
told me that you're doing like selling
out 20k Cedars like when we when we
first hung out for the first time I
remember you
white are white Iverson had already gone
real big you hadn't even dropped your
first album yet that was about a year
ago that's it's insane how how far
you've come in that short years been
unbelievable yeah man I'm just trying to
kick some ass I mean 20k is and I'm
[ __ ] this is terrifying yeah yeah
we just need to Jamie people here this
is like 200 yeah hopefully it's not like
a Mobley it's not like a multiplying
with every 200 how many people are
watching on the stream at least 10
people chat oh you those people ten
people round of applause for if I'm
watching a home all 10 of you and my mom
I wonder air oh and shredder shredder
shout-out to my mom who's watching
shredder we were gonna bring him with us
but we're like oh my god we're going we
can't have a shredder at a restaurant
kind of wanted to set up like a little
cage here and just keep them in there
but we're like that's not that doesn't
make sense
that's insane we just figured that out
last night - more like yeah like don't
take him on any Delta flights or
whatever they - what the [ __ ] bro okay
let's talk about that thanks for
bringing that up so if you guys haven't
heard apparently us family had a puppy
little cute adorable dog that they
brought on a plane you're supposed to
put him under the seat in front of you
that's how you bring a puppy on a plane
and the stewardess was like you need to
put it on the overhead and insisted you
got put on the overhead I mean this was
a whole failure of on all sides because
they first of all they put it on the
overhead over a 3-hour flight they never
checked like hey is my puppy not [ __ ]
dying if it came down to me putting my
dog in the overhead compartment I would
definitely after takeoff get him hey
yeah well anyway spoiler alert the dog
died hahaha
really light no just start it off with
which especially broke my heart cuz
we're just so in love with our puppy
shredder and just I had a dream last
night where shredder got run over by
cars lighten it up a little bit more you
save them you save them in the dream
yeah it's less traumatic if I say that
though anyway how do you not check it
how do is has a story you put a puppy in
it overhead I don't know this world is
so puppy Shanor does not care but maybe
I don't know she being villainized
probably probably her names out there
they don't
[ __ ] anymore under like this lady who
lives at this address is it on her or
the stewardess or the owner well how do
you I mean I want I'd like to place the
blame all around cuz how the hell do you
put it how do you put your puppy and an
overhead for three hours yeah I want to
ask you something okay
I noticed you when I met you you were
rocking like you had like insane jewelry
I remember you had like a Rolex that was
like a bling the [ __ ] out with diamonds
and I feel like you don't really wear
jewelry anymore not tactical I'm going
for tactical nowadays
what do you mean tacticool tech okay
yeah I don't know I'm still [ __ ] with
anymore yeah it's the old thing for me
changing the box yeah but I still wear
my Mike Michael retainers and [ __ ]
my golden retainer sounds way cooler
than grill definitely start calling them
retainers the December first has passed
and your new album has not come out what
the hell man what the hell last time you
were on the show we were being what my
life was being threatened by Patrice
Wilson on the show right now I don't
hear I don't like that he knows where I
am
he's a trenchcoat waiting for you I'm
looking at the exit is there emergeny
Patrice Wilson escape plan did art we
don't know there's not I could tell you
y'all better [ __ ] human shield my ass
if the trees kicks through those doors
if true fans will take a bullet for me
no but that was so funny because you had
said your new album was going to come
out on the first did I say yes cuz okay
yeah okay yeah a lot of people don't
understand yeah
I'm hilarious ya know a lot of people
just don't get it that's the case
because like billboard and all these
like huge publications like Oh
beer bongs Bentley's drop in December
first and then when it passed everyone
was soups like this [ __ ] you yeah so
what happened was I mean I just want to
make sure everything's fine and right
and sounds good and [ __ ] yeah I was
gonna ask when but I just wanted to ask
when yeah well now it's probably better
I just thought was fine December first
guys of this next year this year how's
the apocalypse bunker going have you
mentioned tactical yeah yeah
keeping tactical my doggy it's going
good my dog how the [ __ ] do you do my
dog
how about [ __ ] the idea of my doggy yeah
it's going good man we just had some
month some contractors come by the house
and take a look and hopefully it's a go
this Mike stinks a little bit sniff your
mic good after a show smell it up your
never be so disgusted when you so is
that your own stink because do you say
no guys the Mike before you use it I
don't know who because there's like
stink on these my yeah you like and you
put it right up to your mouth boy like
there's [ __ ] talk about I mean what
was it syphilis is a risk it's serious
did they not get the memo here if you
get an alert like they got in Hawaii
that a bombs coming to LA syphilis bomb
syphilis bomb has come to LA more
dangerous than nuclear crafty nowadays
with their with their bomb-making so
what do you do do you have an escape
plan
I don't know kinda you don't want to
share it you don't want see that's
exactly but you guys are all invited
since you're here so he doesn't really
mean that I have a lot of dogs istic Lee
it's just not possible to get you all in
just survive what's that survive on dog
food for the rest of our life look
pretty good it's pretty good now it is
now it is there's like gourmet [ __ ]
chef for dogs like you have Ramsay has
yeah we get him meals yeah a little dank
little [ __ ] chunks of meat I'm like
[ __ ] dude oh my god it's like steamed
broccoli
my dog has this Buffalo he eats Buffalo
strictly Buffalo buffalo like wings no I
like Buffalo buffalo meat
got buffalo meat necessarily it's like
buffalo meat infused right you know I'm
gonna have to get in a regulation on
that shredder deserves only the best do
we have we had I think there should be a
caller somebody word that yeah hey guys
I don't I don't know how they got in but
uh here hold on a minute I think I can
patch a man one sec a caller
I think there's he says he's like an old
friend of post like a friend from middle
school seriously who is it hello are you
there hello oh it's not work I can't
hear I can't hear you is this I have a
feeling this is somehow Ian's fault
hello we're maxed out oh no my god this
is oh my god
not like this we're maxed out you know
the weirdest thing happened we are
testing this earlier and it comes out of
that projector in the middle roof now
what the hell who does the pole this
mystery call the top setup at all oh
I'll work on it we're gonna work back
around all right well we're gonna work
on that but there's a guy just some guy
who happens to know you from middle
school who had a really funny story
about you who wanted to call in so I'm
really looking forward to getting
serious guys STD check org get over on
the free STD check Oregon really I don't
know what are you supposed to check
yourself online sandy rub your dick on a
the computer CD Drive or something yep
you got it you guys want to I want to
pretend to smoke one of those okay you
sure are you guys mad if I have a
cigarette cuz I always calm it's like
look like I'm so just so naturally
smoking yeah do you want sorry guys
don't don't take that as me telling you
to do it just
pretending to do it I'm not actually
smoking we're performing right now got a
lighter okay thanks thanks buddy
preciate this is not me by the way guys
you guys been following the Martin
shkreli story Friends of the show by the
way
farmer bro let me light one up for him
Bartz Corelli you guys know that that's
the guy who hiked up the prices on like
a life-saving aid road 5,000% Pharma bro
what's so crazy like a couple months ago
he called he was live streaming at the
same time we were having a podcast and
he called in right after his sentencing
came in and he was like here well here
you can pull it up he called into you
you ain't called into the shard how are
you just a little refresher how are you
feeling really 0 to 6 months and no fine
is it is that zero to C so the dude
interestingly he didn't get in trouble
for raising the price of the drug he got
in trouble for defrauding investors and
a hedge fund he gave him a cute little
fat it was a tiny little bit misleading
fact the hedge fund was supposed to be
worth a hundred million but it was
actually worth minus thirty three cents
that's not a joke just so it's a white
lie yes so uh recently oh wait pull up
this clip this is a great one this is a
wonderful setup for where we're going
here oh wait so oh yeah he went so he
was out on bond he's like hey I'm only
I'm only gonna have to pay I'm not
containing money and I'm just on like
house arrest for like three months so
the genius tweets this out the Clinton
Foundation is willing to kill to protect
its secrets so she's on her book tour
try to grab a hair from her I must
confirm the sequence I have will pay
five thousand dollars per hair obtained
from Hillary Clinton and payment after
this sequence matches good
patrollers so that so I mean he's
kidding but the judge was like dude
you're a menace to society because
there's [ __ ] Looney Tunes out there
they're gonna go try to get her hair and
cash in on that so they're like you're
going to jail buddy I'm revoking your
bond so they sent his ass to prison and
he's been awaiting his I guess like
further sentencing and got away for a
million that's pretty good for someone
release no debe you had to go to jail
how much time would you do is this
related to your situation
thirty thousand dollars and I Flickr
answer with sarcastic so he was joking
around like I made a hundred billion
bucks and I'm only gonna do a little bit
of time aren't they the [ __ ] coolest
and I've long suspected that that
interview was used against him by the
prosecutors cuz that was the last
interview he did before he went back to
prison right and they're like look at
this guy's beg he's bragging about it he
has no remorse he knows what he did he
hedged his bet and so the the judgment
just came out god bless the you know it
you know the guy maimed his way right
into the into prison man seven years in
prison for this goofy as [ __ ] you know
is I suspect if he wasn't such a troll
he probably might be fine right they
made him give back his wu-tang album to
yeah I don't know how that how that
entered in they're like you know what
dog you're not worthy [ __ ] you we want
your [ __ ] I don't know it's owned by
the state maybe and well at any rate so
we made a little uh we made a little
tribute to him so our editor Alex worked
real hard on this we wanted to say a
fond farewell to a friend good friend
and Martin shkreli friend of the show
good guy he named his way into prison
and into all of our arts as well so if
you guys could hold up your phone lights
just in Memorial for a guy before we
roll this ad that mean a lot to me and
him as well
and you guys get your phone lights out
please this is
special moment yeah thank you oh my god
this is do you ever see this from this
is like magic this is incredible bro do
you see a Coldplay concert oh my god I
feel like I feel like God non-human
primates are kind of these pretty
precious animals that's why we care so
much about ROM B if you could make a
hundred million dollars but you had to
go to jail how much time would you do is
this related to your situation now
totally totally unrelated coming out of
this with over a hundred million dollars
right now I'm looking at zero to six
months so six months and no fine that's
right the so-called Pharma bro has been
sentenced to seven years in prison marks
greatly
[Music]
well he lived the same way he was locked
up memeing tip my beanie to him so sad
thank you for putting out there that was
special can you guys just leave those
out for the rest of the show okay yeah
random applause good job Alex blend that
together I felt good okay do we have our
special caller Dan our random just
totally random guy who decided to call
in give it another go why don't we so
yeah we got yeah we know what we're
doing we're prepared me neither sure
come on don't miss as I was saying a
random color who knows Austin from
middle school history how did he get in
here is he on is he live oh no
projectors played sound I don't know why
does the projector have a little speaker
if you're gonna put a speaker at least
make it louder than that what do we do
Dan oh we're gonna we're gonna take a
break about halfway through this right
yeah okay
whoa man Opie sticks around this random
kid Opie's committed it's great
maybe I think it's yeah alright so
random sweatin this mic smells really
yeah look if it a sniff I don't think
you sniffed it
mine's fine yeah mine's good yes
definitely mine
maybe it's me maybe I'm just finally
smell on my own nasty mouth clip has
failed me no they're great
I would never disparage quit hey here's
a headlight or just so uh I don't I
can't work the leaks here oh that man
this was a huge [ __ ] man this rock the
whole [ __ ] planet I hops putting up
signs all around the saying will not
