thank you everybody for joining us at
the H Street podcast live today our
sponsors are MV MT movement my undies
and to which prime subscribers like you
I'm just pointing to the camera there's
nobody that I can see okay don't worry I
just like to watch you okay you like a
son that I never had as your husband and
wife nobody's people know that it's yes
okay good it's kind of our like you're
not just using that as a way to get
swingers and stuff I do
oh we're husband and wife oh yeah sorry
next week Sean Evans you know him yeah I
was about once - he's our mutual enemy
he is he's I thought he was just
fantastic yeah it was one of the most
fun things I've ever done because what
an odd way to do an interview it's real
it used to be this conversation right
well yeah and in today's world you got
to step it up talking's not enough
anymore well and there is a universality
and wings easy if you don't eat chicken
what's one thing but I I went as far as
I could go did you go the distance yeah
you did you were you drinking milk I was
chugging milk I had no I didn't feel bad
about the milk right I was hiccupping no
I know I only drink breastfed milk and
fry my own hey I like it when you're my
age you just man boobs just start
lactating milk just starts dribbling out
of there's two pour and some of us look
forward to leakage well Sean Evans is on
next week so if you want to leave
questions for him there on the subreddit
please do Bob Saget doesn't really need
an introduction but I'm gonna do it for
you anyway because that's the format of
the show television host actor comedian
Bob Saget I don't need an introduction
let me just say this you've got a new
special out on Amazon called
zero-to-sixty
yes it's not it's just cool I'm excited
about it and it's a great by the way
okay so now I'm gonna shut up keep going
it was
laughs a riot a gag a goof
it was meant to be entertaining and it
was meant to be kind of where I'm at
right now
right and I got the I'm on my way to
getting serious which doesn't mean I'm
not gonna be funny but like talking
about my mom passing away and stuff like
that it seems to be creeping more into
my reality of of just human existence
rather than talking about politics and
and I do like to talk about my penis but
yeah there oh well guys rest assured
there's plenty of penis jokes it's a
drinking game yes not not alcohol I'm
just saying that my penis it's a
drinking game that is that rude can we
say that on here well we were just
calling my literal wife my bottom [ __ ]
I don't write in I jump right into
defend her I was wrong you don't know
her I'm married to her no but I could
tell right away that she doesn't deserve
to be on the bottom she deserves okay
she's on a no space is good I don't
think it's a [ __ ] anymore man I'm just
saying I don't think we can we can't I
just think it's it is not the time it is
a time of all good men to to find out so
top [ __ ] that'd be a good show for like
Fox some you know top [ __ ] tonight on
top is right like a pimp and prostitute
reality show like you can hold it down
and keep the other hos and I keep the
other up you know hold it down and keep
it up that to me then you're not
offending everybody cuz the show itself
is offensive so it cancels itself out
you're not politically upsetting people
you're not gonna offend pimps and hoes
yes you are they get hurt that's pimps
and hoes be hitting and slapping man
right you're true that's true my special
was I love the title 0-60 which
commemorates you turning 60 years old
yes
how has your sense of comedy changed now
from back when you know you were mr.
aristocrats right now aristocrats
couldn't be done now
that is something that movie maybe it
would come out right now as an anti you
know freedom of speech fashion it was
just funny and weird and wild but today
and it will be like a statement and what
but that's what it was it was it with
the Penn Jillette and pop Avanza who
directed it made it took four years and
filmed 100 comedians telling the same
joke that I'd only heard twice in my
life and the point was a censorship
different ways the people can do an art
form you know all tell the same thing
everybody paint the same painting and
let's see what happens but it really was
about freedom of speech I mean Lenny
Bruce went to jail for saying things
that were said oh we in that film that's
interesting because it's gotten so much
worse since then oh yeah I couldn't even
well for people who don't know because a
lot of our audience are a little on the
younger side as they should be yes and
they are the future yes literally I mean
literally yeah we're out of here one way
it's not like we're gonna save the
planet it's like we're getting the hell
out of here and leading it to not just
blame what aristocrats to the people who
don't know what it is to Kratz was a
documentary made by Penn Jillette famed
entertainer as smart does magic but in a
revealing way Paul Provenza who I'd
known since I was 19 years old who was a
stand-up comedian is a stand-up comedian
and director and they worked for years
interviewing a hundred comedians and
George Carlin the great George Carlin
know any Millennials listening sorry I
didn't mean to label you or foster
objectify you well it is cuz I'm 60 but
I'm 61 really now cuz the special
happened and then I turned 61 so that's
weird but but I'm not saying Millennials
derogatorily basically I'm saying I'm
three times your age so I'm the one
eating it you know but it was really
about an old joke that was an inside
joke kinda but it really wasn't a joke
and now I won't tell it on here cuz
there's no purpose but the premise of
the joke was a family that's so
desperate to make it in show business
they go into an agent's office and he's
what do you do for a living and they say
what do we do and there's a million ways
to tell it it's like jazz you can go off
and tell it any way you want but the
family is somehow nude and committing
unspeakable acts and then at the very
end when they're all finished with all
these unspeakable acts and and
everything up to that point is jazz it's
how do you want to tell it how gross you
want to be Ruth some awful despicable or
what some people told it much cleaner
and it's a sweet little hey they did a
couple of somersaults and a few people
like Don Rickles and Chris Rock they
said I'm not telling this you know Jerry
Seinfeld I don't do that joke you know
they're right for them and I respect
that yeah and I miss Don Rickles you
guys got to look him up immediately I
wanted to talk to you about I'm here I'm
here and I don't want to leave so so at
the end of the bit they finish they go
tada and the agent says what do you call
yourselves and they go the foul whoever
you choose in the family goes the
aristocrats I think it was my version it
was someone's dying breath it was the
last thing but no I couldn't finish I
couldn't finish the punchline because I
was on stage at the Laugh Factory so I
literally as I was about to say the
aristocrats had to go onstage the joke
was and George Carlin who was one of the
greatest stand-ups there any you ever
have had as well-phrased said don't tell
this this is not for public consumption
this is for behind the alley this is for
how raw can you go and the point was to
make other comics laugh I guess or to
make just go three form absurd right and
it's a good way to play it's improv if
you take out the filth and there's a
million ways to do brilliant stuff that
people do I mean you watch a lot of the
television that's on now that we like
you know you watch it one of the good
improv ish type shows on Comedy Central
or you watch something where you
watching Will Ferrell movie where things
that is cooking and you know they're
making it up as you're watching it and
that's that's that you know but this was
a different animal so years was the end
the most infamous one everyone
cause like a man Gonzaga and his
aristocrats bit we can't even well when
I opened up you mean that when I open up
Newsweek and I realize there was never
an amage to full houses character right
but to this and it was the flip well how
do you feel about that I feel good I
mean I I do many different things I've
been on Broadway a bunch of times and
not the street have actually been in
place well and and n Street yeah and I
just I love acting I love directing I
love doing different stuff but you know
you get pegged to something and I played
Danny Tanner and damn and I'm gonna play
prop it's for the rest of my life
because it's not going anywhere so that
shows we're gonna go do more fuller
houses that house will remain full for
eternity it's it's not possible by the
way if you go and see the real house in
San Francisco which I did
it's about 2,500 square feet oh that's
small and that is full and it was bought
by the original executive producer
creator Jeff Franklin and I think it's
just to say hey you want to see uncle
Jesse's room you know but it's it's a
small house but when you walk into the
distal living room you know you're
looking at a 7,000 square foot house if
you're at the set so it's it's an Alice
in Wonderland and a world once you go
through the Tanner door so I do you know
that's just that's something I get to do
that I think is fun and then I've got
all those other stuff I'm doing but I
love I I'm sure you've had a ton of
stand-ups on here are you standing up no
no I'm uh you're on the fringe we don't
know you know it's like it's it's new
media right I'm a youtuber whatever that
means but we had like our first live
show last week and it did have I did
have a very performance-based feel to it
right working and watch these cameras
and it's a live show
we're live right now yeah and so I mean
I definitely want to consider myself a
stand-up comedian because I have a lot
of respect for what they do and I don't
do that I don't wreck jokes and I don't
prep and I don't have an act so well
then they do you similar to some
stand-up comedians I would say this is
where we're at is the next stage of
broadcasting is where we're at you know
there were there were three networks and
people would look into the camera and
oh my god that guy's a genius you know
oh boy Johnny Carson holy crap he said
that and it was a way of looking into
the camera communicating with one person
or communicating with thousands of
people right and and that's what you're
doing here you got millions of people
you got you have an earth that can
listen to you whereas other ievel didn't
so that's a responsibility by the way
yeah you can't be putting [ __ ] on the
bottom I mean this is it's it's a
misnomer it's very complicated are you
careful because there might be as you're
doing this there's so many people
watching this right oh you guys watching
you're all and I again bottom [ __ ] is
very complimentary it is it's a but yes
it's the okay saying it's like me saying
man that was sick man that was bad
you're Atlas you have the world on your
shoulders you're the bottom [ __ ] that
the world is oh why didn't you say that
I wouldn't amazing five minutes Adam oh
you just made it up I just conceptually
because there is also the implication
that she's being used so no Ian can you
do do some research on bottom [ __ ] back
there well this this is kind of big I
know there's an old song B bottom girls
but that they make the rock and world go
round but that ain't this do it they may
be what I'm suggesting to you and I
didn't get to get it out cuz we're never
gonna get to one question cuz I know
it's good which means yeah this is good
it's good you're a good host
you're both great hosts and I'm a
mediocre thank you but the truth of it
is someone right now is watching this
and they are the bottom [ __ ] now they
could be male or female or an animal and
they are the bottom of a pile of other
entities whether they be mammals or a
man or a woman
there could be nine people stacked like
a deck of cards right now and the one on
the very bottom is the bottom [ __ ] in
the negative vernacular right and there
they could be very upset by this or go
you know what I'm gonna crawl out from
the bottom and they're gonna get out of
that pile and that you would in that way
you've helped them this fired I'm
feeling so many
no I ain't going right don't cry you
hold those tears back but if you need to
cry you know I'm the damn bottom [ __ ]
for so long and I hear you see right now
it comes out it was not a high I sweat
Annapolis it's not at but it's your top
[ __ ] you see you want to work alright I
think we got to get rid of the words
[ __ ] yeah I don't think I think that's
the issue let's scratch the whole head
scratched bit and probably say you've
watched the latest Chappelle special he
talks about it and the way he talks
about it it's like the bottom [ __ ] is
the person who's like carrying
everything doing everything without them
you wouldn't be anything but you're also
using them yeah now then you explained
it and I should have see I didn't i
watched half of it I did not see that
part yet he's probably the best living
sander a median so great that exists but
I think she's proven her point what's
gonna turn into one what are you again
let's go back to my prostitute - that's
mine mine is a different kind of special
right cuz it's it's more I'm trying to
entertain people in kind of an
old-school way right with stories and
then I have comedy music yeah
which I've always done and that I was
gonna say before any of this happened it
would be a great edit to lift everything
out of no bottom bits in this whole
thing is that I feel a stronger need
more than ever to make people feel good
to entertain me because I know I'm back
to how you were different now
then you exactly that was your question
and when I started you know you want to
get on TV there's people that are
watching that want to be stars that want
to be famous and that ain't no reason to
get into showbiz YouTube that's really
become a thing and that's reality stars
and that that before YouTube you had
your reality star that was the the next
offspring of television and all it well
anybody wants us to be famous and and
and the point is you want you want to do
a good show right now you you know I I
want to be good on your show you know
I'm not doing this
somebody'll know who I am is this a
result
of maturity or something else I think
it's a lot of things but maturity is
part of it I think it's a lot of life
experience that's been but prioritize
things I have you know three daughters I
have a fiance who actually loves me yeah
and I know it was during your special
you were not engaged right because I
mean no I got engaged right a girlfriend
yeah we were gonna go back and and just
loop in a TR fiance boy I sure love my
fiance but I and so I have a huge
respect with with all my comedy which
tends to go r-rated and has if you go
through my old stuff man I mean I I'm
gonna like whoa there's pedophile jokes
in there and I sure I bet I'm if you do
it with the sound off it doesn't look
like I mean any harm
you know but it but it's offensive some
of it and there's still ways to do it in
Dave Chappelle in that special would
bring up and it's it's his style and
it's what a great stand-up comedian like
himself you throw something in you throw
in the grenade that's gonna upset people
but you finesse it he tells as you go in
and then you get out of it so there's a
smoothing that happens which is
basically called intelligent
communication it's smart conversation if
there's something you have an argument
with somebody and you need to get the
point out you you tee it up really well
you get your point out you listen to
them what you really have to do and then
we'll be right back therapy session but
but also my maturity cuz you know hey
man I'm 61 yeah
but I don't feel it and I don't I don't
act it and but I'm responsible I take
care of a lot of people I take care of
strangers I mean it if something
happened on a plane do you want me on
that plane I get mad I'm saying if
somebody just sit there while a
stewardess is gonna grab you from you
sit and injure you or recently did you
about the story of the puppy that was
stowed in the overhead I heard
so hair and and you know any injustice
but I was even talking more about I was
talking about more secure I am stupid
enough to think that I'm a hero you know
I have an adrenaline that kicks in if
something's wrong and they're feeling it
justice I want to test with fake Uzis
is not the time for that see the world
is so fragile but I if I see something
weird I will report it I will go and I
will get help you're a good citizen I
want to do citizen's arrest
I don't think that exists anymore well
then you could just arrest it sound more
like a vigil on me if I'm being honest
I'm just looking for anyone to a citizen
around I will tell you this I have three
kids you guys do not have kids yet right
do you want have kids we have a puppy
which is pretty much like our baby Musa
test there's a lot of people I think
where we have a lot of love for this
puppy and I think we're ready to get
more takes him out and wakes up in the
morning so I feel like that's kind of
that'sthat's the good relationship
you're being a good you're being a good
man you're being a great bottom and wait
for somebody and let me tell you I
cannot wait citizen's arrest my first
person it'd be pretty cool doing there
are no there's people sadly exposing
themselves that's a citizen's arrest but
I don't think you want to do it yourself
you want to call a cop I'll first show
it then arrest myself we have to be
that's it that's the end of my specials
that song we got to be kind to each
other that's what I that's the
difference in what I'm doing now I know
why I'm a stand-up for a lot of years I
went I want to direct I directed six
movies I just finished one which I'd
like to talk about at some point because
I'm a [ __ ] and I look plug everything I
can and that's what a [ __ ] does
everything she can that's how she made
he sorry he I don't want to be your
strength how many be a gigolo I mean I
am a gigolo yeah yeah opportunity yeah I
wonder if pimps have both men and female
or if they're female pimps whoo yeah as
a male prostitute I think
there's different I think there's
definitely male prostitutes and I
believe I know they are gotta be a great
female pimp so we're saying you're out
to get your own Private Idaho and goes
it was a male prostitute a [ __ ] and
anybody can be be a [ __ ] and a [ __ ]
can be a positive or negative a pair
yeah of course what I learned here my
[ __ ] Biggie Smalls one of my favorite
song Deerman for a girlfriend
whoo yeah anyway now let me ask you
that's accurate how how is Fame affected
you you've been famous for a long long
time right how has what's your
relationship with Fame been like over
the years from kind of when you first
became famous from a normal dude people
recognized on the street to now having
been famous for a long long time right
