[Music]
welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
today's episode is sponsored by hinge
and hems thinking for them
today's guest is Tim Heidecker the
triple-threat I would even say musician
actor comedian in my humble opinion one
of the most influential comedians of our
generation can I say that yes the demon
I would say one of the most okay I can't
think of a more influential one off the
top of my head in my life but I can
definitely tell you on my part that I
wouldn't be in comedy today I think if
it wasn't for your this fine man's
influence though thank you to that
check out Tim's live tour on cinema live
check out Tim Heidecker and Greg
turkleton live go to Tim Heidecker
dot-com slash events for dates and
tickets all right well thanks for having
me very grateful and very own yeah I
know it's always tough to get through
that what do you think about that intro
was it too much it's very sarcastic I
assume not okay I know yeah okay good
[ __ ] [ __ ] already [ __ ] I'm trying to put
you at ease yeah I don't want this to be
uncomfortable I want this to be a
positive experience for you most
important okay thank you I well that's
I'm glad to hear that because I have to
admit that I was nervous I mean you sure
yes I was nervous but I'll tell you why
because I wasn't sure which Tim I was
gonna get I know you know what I mean
the real Tim or the interview Tim the
interview Tim it kind of makes like a
parody of how it goes but I feel like
I'm in a different place right now
really well if I do I sigh we have some
mutual friends and and I've you know I'm
interested to talk to you in a open and
frank manner thank you any kind of
aggression confusion well you said
you're in a different place what does
that mean well I mean I guess I've done
a fair amount of the kind of Kaufman
esque
interview uncomfortable right interviews
which are fun sometimes and funny
sometimes result in funny content
absolutely content death no I've enjoyed
watching them so I feel like I've done
that I've done enough of that where to
keep doing it sometimes becomes
redundant and I'm sure as much fun and
and now that that that maybe I've made
enough stuff that there is interesting
things to talk about maybe it's an
interesting experience to watch me talk
about things and more of a sincere
fashion is it is it harder for you to be
is it easier and a way to do interviews
under that Coffman ass kind of no it's
it's actually a little easier to do it
this way because I'm not worried about
being in a in a bit the whole time
but I will see I mean we'll check it out
see how this goes I think I have a
propensity to be amusing without being
confrontational yeah so but now we're
like very it's funny that we're
analyzing the style of interview we
haven't really talked at all no yeah
just start before play now that we got
that out of the way let me let me ask
you thanks for the coffee
yeah how is it and it's very good good
balance did they could hope it's black
so it's kinda hard to mess up when did
you start drinking black coffee was that
right away or did you wear your cream
first grade Wow yeah you were sipping
coffee first no I mean it's a very
boring question well you were getting
our seat in yeah we're getting we're
tipping our toes yeah you know you are
good yeah who has the braveness task I
think I did it's boring but I did drink
coffee in high school it's a diner level
you know going up cream and the sugar
yeah and then excuse me and then I
stopped for a long time after a very
like anxiety like I drank a lot of
coffee I just remember drinking a lot of
iced coffee one at a movie right friend
of mine and got the full panic caffeine
the panic like overnight
cocaine feeling and then stopped for a
long time but then like you know the
past I would say 15 years I drink coffee
in the morning but to get even to get
even more in the weeds and boring
first of all this an event tonight
so I usually can't drink coffee after
the afternoon you know after lunch sure
but now I tonight I'm gonna I'm gonna
let myself have some coffee so I could
talk very fast during this interview we
can get through it right and I could be
full of what do you have rain fires off
what do you have going on tonight I'm
doing a musical performance for Kevin
MacDonald's podcast about I do know that
show but I don't know them on on a name
basis
yeah are you gonna be drinking more
coffee this is the last cop I gotta come
down okay let me okay I would want to
ask you so I feel like myself
and many of my contemporaries are so
equally influenced by your work how old
are you I could turn into a CO interview
yeah because I don't know very much
about absolutely I know a little bit but
I don't know you'd the background yeah
sure so if I if I apologize because I
probably knows this yeah it's redundant
for them no it's all it's all it's well
I might just be curious cuz about my own
show please please ask away that is
totally fine but I'm 32 by 33 oh yeah
right so we're about 10 years apart
yeah I'm 42 so I would say well
basically people who were in college at
the time that Tim and Eric awesome show
great job you know that's when I
discover you guys and for me I
remembered the and I think a lot of
people do remember the exact moment when
they saw your show almost like on 9/11
almost in a weird it's like wow it was
that formative yeah it was that
formative huh Wow
so tell me about that um I was in
college three am playing World of
Warcraft and a little [ __ ] apartment
by myself and I just was head Adult Swim
on it was like some anime and then on
came Tim and Eric not Tom goes to the
mayor no I can't come came
some show and it was just the editing
the colors the sketches the surrealism
were you a fan of were you a comedy fan
before that yes will you let you like
what what would you be well risk I love
and I love Seinfeld to be frank I love
Seinfeld that's always been my my
favorite mm-hmm I love comedy but I
wasn't so much you know and deep right
but I'll tell you when I saw that and I
was like mind blown cuz I I didn't know
that you could kind of be funny in that
way
mm-hmm and it was done in a way that I
was like accessible to me in a way it
seemed like you could maybe do it yeah
and and it what Seinfeld didn't feel I
can never do that yeah I can never ever
do that no feels so far away yeah
although do you notice now if you watch
it on Hulu it it feels like it feels
like a set now it feels yeah like the
way they stretched it or the way they've
made like a I think the problem is that
all of our TVs are so good yeah you can
see like them walking down that Street
you're like too much detail now you like
Seinfeld you fan yeah absolutely
it's great I could watch that every
night yeah it's probably crazy so good
so basically when I saw that I knew in a
way that I was like oh man I would love
to work in comedy all that crazy like
this video game and you did like it yeah
yeah I put down the video game and I
told all my friends about it too I'll
say I was I was your how was your
messenger that was I was people always
told me is they say I was such a fan you
guys all my friends hated it no all my
friends loved it everyone I would always
find that where people with a low back
end oh my yeah you like that they're
loved to tell me like these backhanded
things I loved your show but my
boyfriend he he that's funny okay I
don't I don't need to know those that is
true I go my my friends a huge fan of
you yeah tell me about you
come on and about those times know that
was the time around when we met and I
was in Israel yes anything was here and
we were talking over Skype like every
day
and he would always try to send me your
guys's sketches and it wouldn't work in
Israel
blobby always like I want to see it I
want to see what you're talking about
like he couldn't stop talking about it
was forbidden fruit it was forbidden
fruit and I think we downloaded a bunch
of all I apologize for that I believe
they were pirated spreading the word you
don't care a bit torrenting everything
at that time that was yes rotted to
Israel and I remember sitting down your
sister and being like you got to watch
this brownie Mountain show and she liked
it everyone was loving it so I'm not one
of those guys but anyway to the question
there the course that is is that first
of all you probably hear that a lot from
people that you have influenced their
comedy how do you accept that level of
praise I mean do you do you accept that
you you know not really I mean not first
of all I think when when we talk about
our work I it is it is not just me it is
it's Eric its John's Christ well it's
Doug Luessenhop it's their whole it's a
collective of people that made that what
it was so I I'm okay it's not I don't
I'm not too you know
narcissistic about it that I'm so missus
all me I'm a part of it but yeah we had
may we so much of that period was making
stuff it's in such an insular way in
such a for ourselves that whether people
dug it or not was kind of not as
important to us right now and we prided
ourself on that that we were not doing
anything for fans
we were not fan friendly I'm not that we
I mean we we were very nice to our fans
I think and but we weren't trying to
please anyone but ourselves so I and
it's cool to have because I had that I
had the kids in the hall we were talking
before the show that I like something
like the kids in the hall we're totally
influential to me and certain like you
know Saturday Night Live and all those
and then you get to meet those people
sometimes in life and you get to share
that with them and it's nice it's
definitely nice I appreciate it yeah
I'm glad that those people are out there
I'm glad you're it you know usually
results in kind of decent people to
interesting I think so but III think
it's interesting what you said about
that you guys were making it for
yourselves because I definitely think
that shows that you almost didn't care
about how accessible it was anyone that
wasn't like initiated or I don't know
how to say but definitely part of what
was special about it to a dick in a
sense that it was very much your own
just really your guys's own thing yeah
we had our strong sense of what we
thought was funny and we felt like we
were delivering to each other that you
know we were making ourselves laugh and
and the stakes were so low I mean we
were on in the middle of the night and
we were given very little money
relatively to make something right and
so it just seemed like we were most of
the time learning on the on the job and
making stuff and if he's especially in
the first season you see stuff that was
shot like in the hallways and like out
in front of the office that was all like
probably a lot of that was like making a
first pass at something in it not
working and then going like well let's
just go outside and shoot something you
know so we were given just tremendous
kind of freedom to experiment and figure
it out what time did originally air on
Adult Swim it's like 12:30 or something
like that at 12:15 maybe it's like
really fun to tell your parents that you
have a I'm on TV on something called
Adult Swim which is what all time wasn't
it was a couple years yeah it had been
around for a few years but no nobody
nobody still knows what I mean yeah it's
like well Rick and more so a Comedy
Central like oh they don't even know the
network they saw yeah yeah yeah and it's
still like people the the funny thing
this year has been this free real estate
meme all we wanted to ask you about that
what happened I don't know I mean it
comes out of nowhere
yeah right it comes out of the reddit
Internet yeah and it doesn't it doesn't
have any connection to the work really
to the original piece or to who I am or
anything and so I had this
part in the ant-man movie and people on
the internet are like did you know the
guy from the free real estate you know
it's like that's so fun and people get
mad about that and so it's a weird thing
and then it's happened to Eric with the
universe thing and you know that's true
how does that matter how does that feel
almost to be like it's like appreciating
a piece without knowing the origin does
that bother you at all um it does a
little bit I think it certainly does but
also there's a resignation to not having
any control over that so it's become
yours you know it's whatever kind of
cool to own the other yeah it's it's
fine I mean I saw a [ __ ] free real
estate mural I love that sketch me too I
mean and like I remember writing it and
like it being such a simple stupid idea
knowing that you didn't have to do very
much to make it work and I want to ask
you about that specific sketch for them
I always wonder like worship as his
minds when you over hi I mean we just
get super are you serious no that's
always the no assumption I didn't assume
that I I did only think you can't be
that creative when you're no not like
that no I don't remember specifically
that idea where your head with that it's
really probably comes down to it's free
real estate let's do a commercial where
we're real you know probably seeing a
late nights I'm corny yeah some real
estate commercial and yeah making that
little turn and then knowing that we
could just go in front of a green screen
for a half hour and we would give it to
our boys and they would turned into as
the bug would say we give them you know
give him some [ __ ] to shine is that what
it feels like sometimes because I feel
like our styles similar yours obviously
being inspired from you but a lot of
times we'll go just [ __ ] around in front
of a camera mm-hmm and then it's like I
have no idea if that was any good or not
mm-hmm but I'm gonna sit and edit it for
a thousand years yeah that'll work out
hopefully yeah I think there we've
gotten more efficient with that
think and ours also our style or
interest in what we want to make has
changed a little bit so there's some
stuff we've done that's more conceived
and thought out and planned and then
that becomes pretty much what you
intended it like that time story yeah
yeah it's like only planned oh yeah it's
like not that different than the script
and great things happen in the Edit but
but then yeah there are certain lots of
great moments from awesome show that
we're just like I don't know if I can
put on some crazy wig and you know March
around and we'll figure something yeah
right the feet a little a few of those
moments for sure Bob there's this story
I'm not gonna make you tell it cuz I'm
sure you've told us so many times about
how you guys met Bob Odenkirk and you
kind of had would you call it your break
I mean absolutely yeah it was your brain
it was our big break oh just to
paraphrase you and Eric when in college
sent search for Bob Odenkirk
address send my VHS with some your
sketches over the Tom goes to Mara on
the VHS yes well the first little short
film Tom goes the mayor okay and voice
and an invoice EVD for the DVD changed
from VHS to DVD yeah but Bob loved that
he called you guys up and since then he
kind of mentored you and got your foot
in the door yes so I'm curious now that
story is somewhat famous I would say
apocryphal is that the word Dan can we
get a both yes we're good stuff of
legend
do you guys get a bunch of [ __ ] in the
mail we get a bunch of better call Saul
swag are there people who hear that
story and they're like you know what a
little bit yeah it is encouraged and and
certainly through social media Twitter
and Facebook there's more it's easier to
get it's very easy to get in touch with
Nats of it's very easy to get in touch
with that yeah and every once in a while
there's something that we see or and and
we also are in the this business of
making stuff our product
company makes stuff so we are actually
kind of on the talent scout mmm have you
know have you ever found talent in a
similar way that Bob found you guys well
Vic burger is a big one right and love
Vic and I was telling you earlier the
story with him where he was making fan
videos for on cinema and sending them in
and they're like these music videos he's
made that are really good songs and
funny videos just using our footage from
the show and he so he we were just
amused by that and we contacted him and
and had him make some other stuff and
that set him on of course I think gave
him the little confidence it's like I'll
use that one little like yeah yeah one
little boost no it's so true and now I
mean in today's today as you were
touching on it's like so easy to kind of
get a hold of people yeah
it's it's interesting that if you were
like determined and you're make
something good yeah you can get you can
get I'm gonna see it you can and but the
getting making something good is I think
the hard press the yeah the barrier
most people are reductive of other
people's work or they're not ready yet
or they don't have the resources they're
not good enough first or they I don't
know it's just I think it's it's good I
think that there's still a small you
know it's not a ton of overly incredibly
talented new voices still like gonna be
a small one kid out of a hundred that's
got like this new look at something but
but there's plenty of funny people
there's plenty of yeah you know
definitely good filmmakers and stuff
speaking of Bob he's gone on to like
this incredible success has it been
crazy to watch because yeah because
transformation from my comedian to
dramatic actors yeah really something
yeah I mean when we he was in a
transition period I think in his life
when we met him because he had come out
of doing a couple of pilots that didn't
go he was directing a couple movies and
I think he was not really sure what he
was going to be doing
and he was helping us and he was helping
a bunch of other people get started in
the business and and and yeah so I think
the he was I don't know I mean he's he's
got a good attitude about it I know that
I know he's like I'm just happy to have
the have cool work you know I get to do
cool work he's incredible I don't know
people don't even remember that he was a
comedian at this point cuz he's so the
breaking bad guy yeah so right but so
many lives because I was listening by
Dana Carvey was on Howard Stern there
was a replay but I was listening to it
and he was talking about Odenkirk
writing these iconic Saturday Night Live
sketches back in the Dana Carvey years
because he didn't know he was involved
in Odenkirk and Smigel and Conan O'Brien
we're all writing like the this Saturday
Night Live sketch that that got me into
comedy he was there so like he's had
these incredible you know several lives
in this business are you is that
something that kind of appeals to you
because I know you just got cast in the
new Jordan Peele movie which is awesome
you're super excited about you is that
something that you can see yourself kind
of doing is making a switch in a way to
