[Music]
welcome one and all to the h3 podcast
experience like that we're experienced
now yeah I like it
the echo still it would be cool if you I
don't know if that's an effect or if you
guys could just do that with your voice
to be way cooler we can't hit hit us
down so you want to hit us with an
experienced healer hate to say h3
podcast oh it's only you sorry I got it
so already it's an ego thing he's got
you've got homie I have it I don't have
it and now it's gone anyway guys welcome
to the experience
today's sponsors are expressvpn and
honey and today's guest is the great and
hilarious comedian and actor Chris
D'Elia yes who hosts an extremely funny
podcast you should all be watching
called congratulations with Chris D'Elia
with me with you no guests you guys can
check him out
he's got you got yes talking about you
break I'm gonna cool you he's got it's
like I'm bring him out he's got the
Follow the Leader tour tickets are
available now at Chris D'Elia calm / -
or tour
also if you have Netflix and you have
not washes - hilarious specials manna
fire and incorrigibles then what the
[ __ ] are you doing with your life we can
curse here okay
I hope you have a full life if you
haven't seen them I hope you have a full
life in us cuz you've been so busy
you've been
yeah yeah that's the only accepted yeah
then I'm like all right cool yeah you
know but if not then hey maybe I'm just
not your type maybe I look like a guy
try it at least yeah true nothing did
you already have enough yes everybody
you know we talked about this recently
[ __ ] I think they almost have 200
million people on Netflix out it's like
over half the country so I did I know
yeah it's crazy so I did like a year and
a half ago they had a party for a
hundred million subscribers I was half a
year ago no a year like a year and a
half ago oh my god they're growing that
and and they were like they they hit my
manager and they were like just Chris
want to perform for the party I was like
no it's gonna be a [ __ ] train wreck
but I was like yeah I'm not gonna say no
what's your hesitation
you're performing to just the Netflix it
was like hey well it yeah and friends
and people that were invited to the
party it's a special event but it's just
like it's just I knew just any time as a
comedian that people are like you want
to perform it this thing that's not in a
comedy club right you're like okay so
I'm not gonna be right it's not gonna be
amazing you know but so so I was like
why I don't wanna say no to them and I
love Netflix so and I work for them so I
was like yeah I'll [ __ ] do it you
know and we made a fun it was fun it was
me and three other comedians cannot
remember who one of the other comedians
were that's how it was a crazy yeah but
it was it was it was fun we made it fun
it was like in this room off to the side
where other bands were playing to so we
like you heard your yeah crazy was like
knows how to party I know how they do it
was huge it was huge and we were doing
it was like it brought them back to the
Open Mic days when I was doing like I
would play bowling alleys that doesn't
sound nice I mean dude you play I play I
play bowling alleys that where like you
would compete with people who were
bowling in between pants at a time like
the punish line in between like after
they are right before they it would go
quit the business is that the worst show
you've ever done you know the bowling
alley
no no what's the worst I ever did I
talked about it and incorrigible is when
well the worst kind of like show coming
up that I did was where a lady rushed
the stage and it was because she was
heckling me and I said to her she had
like this really like wild hair that was
like really up and out and I and I
called her Blanca after she was like you
know faithful fighter yeah course I do
and she I was like I don't even know
she's gonna know what this means and I
did and she knew what it meant she was
very she or Ana right up and grabbed the
microphone well hit my face I pushed it
into my face and I was like oh god I
gotta say of all of the insults that
would cause someone to attack you the
Street Fighter reference yeah pretty
special one it's a good one and it just
kind of proved my point because I feel
like that's kind of
Blanka would have done get you some of
those sparks ya-ya-ya-ya-ya likes to get
you fast oh yeah
meeting my it was that one where he ate
the guy's head right of course
hey whatever she would have done that
yeah are you we I realize we've been
podcasting for about the same really
time because you this is what episode is
the monney 70 71 71 so I'm on like I
think I'm on 74 so yeah in about three
weeks or yeah three week different I'm
curious how is podcasting like affected
your stand-up in a way yeah it kind of
it's been really actually it's been
really interesting because I you know I
started a podcast after I had a
following right right and yeah would you
guys did too so and and I did so I was
like look I'm just gonna do this and see
how long it lasts you know everyone's
got a part I felt like you know I really
found out through other comedians that
if you don't have a podcast and you
already have a fanbase you're leaving
money on the table
yeah so also beyond that it's just a
great way to connect but I didn't think
of it that way until I started doing it
I was like you know I was like oh no I
want to make money more money and [ __ ]
it you know and then and then I realized
once I started doing it how much like I
mean in a much smaller way for me at
least it's like you know it's like a TV
like the TV SH the when you when people
are watching a TV show and they're like
I gotta wait till next week to watch the
next evey show which we a lot of the
little binge watch now but when I was a
kid that's how people used to watch TV
and now people feel connected and they
wait for the you know they feel like
they know me more yeah most and they do
yeah because I'm you know me or a
version of me on that comedy comedy
podcast you know and but yeah it really
like makes them feel like they know you
and that's kind of a double-edged sword
sometimes you like in sometimes you
don't but but but it it it as as I might
have my opener when he says you guys
listen to congratulations before he
brings me up the cheers have just gotten
bigger and bigger bigger throughout the
whole past year yeah it's really crazy
it's really crazy your podcast is
different than ours
that you're just it's you and you're
talking I mean how was that experience
from going from stand-up to just like
talking into a camera and nobody's there
cuz you do shows you act a lot right but
was that a different skill to learn or
did it kind of translate I you know what
it's it's it's like stayin up in the way
that like stand up to me is a version of
making like when I'm at a diner with my
friends late night I'm sometimes like
you know doing jokes I mean we're always
joking around messing around but like
sometimes I'm just [ __ ] with them and
we're just making jokes and we're doing
bits or whatever I always felt like
before I did stand-up I was like if I
could get to be onstage and treat the
audience like they're the other people
in the diner then I'll be able to do I
know I'll be able to do it because I'd
literally would do that every day of my
life I'm obsessed with trying to may be
able laugh and like trying to and and
and think about what do I think it's
funny what's funny about this situation
and so for podcasting it was the same
thing except it except like it when I'm
in my house and I'm with my dogs like
I'll catch myself just like talking
about things for no reason like I'm a
[ __ ] insane person and then and then
I'm like oh maybe I'll say that on my mi
in my show or my act or whatever but
then when I started to do the podcast I
was like oh this is just that this is
just like me talking out loud in my
house yeah and I kind of do that anyway
I don't do a probable hour like I'm an
insane person but like that's how I come
up with material I just start like
talking in my house and I uh I think oh
that's funny and giver this is material
born from your podcast ever does
anything start and the podcast and then
goes - yeah it has for sure yeah yeah
that's awesome yeah I did yeah well it
also helps me like creatively because I
don't like sit down and like write at
the computer my hack so like yeah
because when you do your act is it very
much rehearsed mmm for me I'll go up
with an idea that I have and when you do
man on fire yeah just like yeah yeah
well that's that's the act that I've
been kind of honing right okay right but
all obeah but all of those bits came
from
me going on stage thinking like oh it's
funny when guys work out I'll go on
stage and start talking about it that's
mom that's a wild way to approach it to
kind of just go up there and be like
alright let's see what's yeah I mean I
think I think though like so much of it
is about like that's what I say if I go
back going back to like being in a diner
with my friends I'm so comfortable with
them they're my friend this time do you
know what I mean yeah and and I think
through years and years of practice and
through the thousands and thousands of
shows yeah
I'm able to get into that headspace
onstage you know that's awesome
so I and I love it I love doing it and
it's you know it there's an old saying
like it's not what you say it's how you
say it
and and you know I think it is if you're
that confident and I mean like there's
guys who my buddy Bryan Callen it goes
onstage she talks about horseshit for an
hour and it's hilarious yeah and it's
not true but he acts like it is and it's
it's you know yeah so it's those guys
were the I mean you know guys like that
just it's about how you say it that's
cool
I think that's a cool way to just hone
the skill just get in the [ __ ]
gauntlet and yeah and get it down and
it's a one time dude one time I was on a
plane I [ __ ] you not man if somebody
told me this I wouldn't have I wouldn't
believe that but it happened to me and I
know it happened to me and it's true
because I know that because I witnessed
it this almost sounds like a lie yeah I
know part of it is because I have to I
have to convince myself it actually huh
okay it's it's not nobody's [ __ ] on the
plane or anything like that but it's
like so I'm we're gonna Montreal which
is a big festival in Montreal Just for
Laughs I'm doing it again this year but
I went and they fly us up there and
whenever you fly up there since it's a
stand up festival it's comedy festival
there's always like nine comedians on
your flight right she's sitting there
with you know Sebastian Tom Segura bill
burr whoever the [ __ ] and you see a
Chelsea Handler oh hey you know so Adam
Carolla's sitting behind me I know I
know Adam you know I say hey he sits
behind me and he doesn't know there's
another comedian behind me and I meet
him and
Adam didn't know him so Adam Carolla is
sitting next to this other comedian this
is the two seats I'm in front of him and
the flight to Montreal from LAX is six
hours okay and Adam Carolla
I'm telling you did not stop talking to
that kid for longer than no exaggeration
30 seconds now you were watching this
with like more of a curiosity in the
beginning I was like and I kind I know
Adam and I loved at him and he's great
at those pockets all the time and and
he's [ __ ] hilarious
and I was like when's this guy gonna
freakin take a break yeah dude
he he didn't he didn't take a break he
didn't take a break the other kid didn't
talk it was just like yeah yeah and then
first hour I was like man he's bent over
an hour and I'm [ __ ] magic and I was
like I'm gonna I'm gonna stay listening
because I have to I have to find out
when he takes a break right I have to
like see how long and he didn't
dude land he landed and I was like this
[ __ ] and was he talking off the
plane it kept going yeah he never
stopped he never signed a kid the new
kid who was on the road you know who
that was hey did you catch a glance in
his eye no no not while it was going on
maybe I did I was there was anything
interesting you know every was all
interesting that's something Adam
Carolla is so good at that and he was
talking about stuff and I was like man
this guy's did it's like he had thought
about everything already that ever
happened right and he's like if you say
target if the guys like yeah q-tips is
like well you know guys just amazing at
it so so when you're in that comfortable
space where you can just I'm saying like
Corolla didn't even need that kid to be
sitting there okay and it was
interesting if you just talk for six
hours I could be like alright I would
listen yes he's a conduit of comedy yeah
it's always challenge so you know and
I'm not saying I'm as good as that but I
you know to get into that comfortable
space to where you can just talk which
is what we do as comedians so I feel
like it was a version of that and I just
had to work through a few episodes and
then I kind of I think figured it out
after like the third episode I was like
oh I can do I really expected to do
about three or four episodes
and then just chalk it up as a as a loss
but well guys check it out
74 now so we'll keep going god bless
imma listen so I want I know you've
probably talked about this so many times
but we've talked about on the podcast
yeah and Logan Paul yeah hit me with
that echo Logan Paul alright we missed
Logan Paul shot it because we got that
he's he's something we've talked about a
lot oh yeah yeah yeah I saw you guys
sell and we talked about it and it's
like he's I feel like that exchange
really showed what a [ __ ] dumb ass he
is or maybe even just like how damaged
he is from the hole yeah suicide forest
yeah I want to go over it with yeah yeah
if you don't mom happy - yeah I want to
go over this and and I want to get your
thoughts on some of these twitter
exchanges okay yeah well first of all
I'm curious your initial interaction
when he said it's important that you
want right no it's not right now how did
Logan Paul come on your radar to begin
with because you were following you are
ready yeah I don't know if I was fault I
may have been following him but I think
actually I just maybe saw it because
he's so dumb you know what I mean yeah
so I probably just responded to it maybe
I follow him I don't know but so I just
write no it wasn't because because of
the suicide forest yeah great that
wasn't yeah and how everywhere that was
yeah that well yeah that was just bad
but and so I just wrote no it wasn't
because like a shot of dead body in the
forest land this is important man no
wasn't so it's less I was trolling him
and more that I was just reacting off of
that right and I just thought I didn't
think anything of it I just yeah it's
and then but when he responded and let
me pull this up actually because this
was like damn dog really [ __ ] try to
make this work the tsunami of Brian yeah
[ __ ] like what did you think when you
saw that wave of yellow and blue I was
really confused because I thought it was
a fake I was like this is not him I saw
the check yeah I was like okay so I
guess that is
and then I thought that's so many emoji
he's so [ __ ] amused yeah like that's
laughing for a long time that's not that
yeah that's like it's not funny anymore
yeah that's like the first two rows it's
getting a little sad yeah yeah yeah
after two rows you're like oh [ __ ] man
maybe he's just mentally imbalanced
because that's why he thought it was
okay to shoot somebody and then when he
said and then I read it wrong I first
read it I'm laughing because I know why
your comedy career took a dive and not I
didn't read I'm laughing because now I
know why you're coming so I thought he
knew something I didn't know and I was
like this is Garrison what did I do that
I don't know that's bad right that's
that's so much about me like I'm like
did I do something like my head is like
because it's such a stupid comment you
almost want to believe that it's like oh
my god does he actually know is there
something else right like yeah yeah like
did he send me your illiterate person
first response then no it's not was so
not like deserving of anything more than
just just just Leon just yeah just like
a [ __ ] off or whatever the [ __ ] it's so
personally like with that response yeah
also what is it in your response that
you know educated him so now what like
why your comedy career took a dive like
there wasn't that much information
encoded my initial response right yeah
yes is that now I know because I wasn't
trying to make a joke yeah just like
saying something yeah we saw that that's
it that's I guess like in comedy like
you'd say what he did was fundamentally
flawed right but another thing that's
fundamentally and I was listening to
Bert Kreischer talk about this too and
and this sounds defensive and this is
why I have not said this until now my
comedy career has not taken a dive right
it's it everyone's been more and more
clearly a wounded child but what Bert
was saying and he's right there needs to
be some kind of true
in your burn or roast or spam what if
you want to call it so I was like oh I
was like oh and so I read all that and
then I read it correctly it's like I'm
laughing because I knew why I now I know
why you're coming to her
oh yeah he's trying to act like I was
trying to joking with him yeah so then
I'm kind of I I honestly went right to
feeling badly right because I was like
well you might have realized you're
dealing with a child but well he's 24
though right
but that intellectually like how can you
write that and not have the intellect of
a much younger person that's true but
even further than that here's here's the
thing like if you're gonna write to
somebody who I write to people oh dude
this is fun for me
right I like to [ __ ] clap back and
[ __ ] like that yes to me I'm bored and
people are like why do you take it
personally I don't it's just fun I like
doing it my whole thing is if you say
something to me and you got your 14
followers and you think nobody's gonna
see it dude I can't wait I can't I want
to imagine the look on your face when I
read you this is your game really I I
love that philosophy so fun
yeah people don't appreciate the [ __ ]
that you get when you're online like oh
Jesus Christ and I love when you do that
they get mad at you like you should have
known better
yeah but they're brilliant on black yes
yeah and it's like dude Oh waiter oh hey
this is the internet like welcome to the
[ __ ] Internet but it's like when you
sign up for Twitter isn't know what what
you dream happen that somebody gives you
attention like that's why you're here it
is you would just browse Twitter you
don't even need an account yeah exactly
