welcome everybody today three podcast
live thank you to Dollar Shave Club quip
and hymns for sponsoring this episode
the a Street podcast god bless you
today's guest oh I forgot to open the
thing today's well today's guest is the
Lord of spice the greatest interviewer
over time generation well I don't know
if we can say all time I don't I would
not I would know get excited I could say
it mate it may be that you become that
the verb because you're young man you
have much more of your good work ahead
of you yeah but you're setting me up I
feel like okay greatest interviewer of
with chicken wings on YouTube not only
get all that out and YouTube complexes
hosts of hot ones the great and
wonderful Sean Evans thank you so much
for being here I appreciate you being
here
so much god bless you thank you for
having me it's an honor I have to say
one of the coolest things we've done in
our career is probably being on your
show that I remember that fateful
afternoon that was a beautiful thing
like in West Hollywood your show has
become this like is so legendary on new
media I think that it's one of the
highest honors I think a lot of people
come from traditional media there's
probably still some who don't know what
the show is
yeah of people who know what it is it's
like yes it has like it has a cult
quality to it for sure for sure
mmm well first of all as the king of
spice and the dude has eaten a Carolina
Reaper twice in multiple times who eats
the hottest sauce in the world on a
weekly sometimes daily basis it's true
eyes conquered the world of heat and a
half how's your butthole doing what hole
is holding up for everybody who's
concerned out there it is just it's
battle-tested it's military-grade it's
never been better you know I've really
it's like it's like somebody getting in
the gym you know what I mean I feel like
I've just built up a superhero butthole
at this time yeah what's your favorite
toilet paper Charmin you know triple-ply
if they had a six ply or 12 ply or 15
ply would be all that in a teamfight
weapon with the book yeah
exactly clogging that tie up every time
always looking for good toilet paper and
so far I haven't found that perfect
white well I feel like too cuz there's
such a range like I don't know what
animal would use some like single ply
public bathroom toilet paper when just
for like another 40 cents you can just
have that quality comfortable spirit I
feel like their only business is on
people who abide by accident-- right
right and I've been there and I'm like
oh wait there's enough stopped at the
corner store to pick up toilet or this
or just offices or hotel have you
noticed no matter how nice of a hotel
you stand it could be a five-star Four
Seasons I don't know oh great they
always have shitty toilet paper it's
like they decided that's the one place
we're all gonna cut the corner and - you
know what drives me insane is that they
always have like nine different types of
face lotion at some places and then they
never have toothpaste but like
toothpaste you can't get that on TSA and
I always have that problem where I'm
like I don't have toothpaste but why
isn't that standard like to paste
toothpaste should be at every how
everyone is going on it's like yeah I
got a riddle it seems like because when
you stay at these nice hotels they they
get like lotion from all these companies
try lotion you can buy some at the front
counter toothpaste hello
there's definitely a void in the
marketplace there we are already
there's a great Eddie Murphy I don't
remember I think was a Murphy he's like
I don't care how [ __ ] up your life is
how poor you are get the two-ply like
you know everybody can afford that to
apply for sure we're this luxury
everyone deserves well before we get
started we made a little tribute tribute
to you well an appreciation of your
spice and vulnerability your super
powers one may say I'm excited so here's
a little tribute so if anyone at home is
not familiar with Sean Evans if that's
possible shame on you
long pause but if you happen not to be
just a big fan like us please enjoy this
video as a tribute and I hope you enjoy
it I'm already into it
[Music]
[Music]
that's why you can do it I'm just a
normal guy there you go wow that's like
something that should play out of loop
at a modern art museum shout out Alex oh
definitely pulling his weight around
here I think there's a little attention
little you see there's a there's an
easter egg in the undershirt is that
what you're gonna point out no no what
the hell do you do I look at you don't
see that you don't see that at Eddie
fresh sure that's at Eddie fresh t-shirt
you see the little peeking out you are
ripping what I was gonna say that he he
you've seen this gag where they make a
wink but they like they just distort it
in Photoshop what he did is he found you
winking another video cropped it out
over your face pretty convincing it was
I fell for that
I was like did I wink but what that
really is meant to celebrate is you're
you're seeming Lea and vulnerability to
spice are you what's the deal do you not
show it are you just do you build a
tolerance to spice what's going on with
you I think that and maybe you could
probably help with this having been on
the receiving end is that when you're
doing the show I think that there's a
responsibility with the interview that
kind of turns you into a superhero you
know you have to like keep the show
moving and like the pace so even if you
are uncomfortable you can kind of get
outside of it the same way you know like
an athlete in a moment of being
exhausted might do something superhuman
or like a mother that sees their child
rolled under a Volkswagen might have
that like super strength to pick up the
car and get them out from being pinned
under the tire you know that makes a lot
of sense
so I think that that's part of it and
then too I think that there's a part of
it that is like I need to show a
strength
a show of strength to you the guest as
sort of a comforting thing you're the
you're the commander who leads the
charge I'm like a shaman yeah exactly so
there's like part of it where you know
if I'm freaking out then maybe you freak
out like if I go on at Bear Grylls a
show and he's like we need to scale this
waterfall and then he's like trying to
do it and freaking out and crying and
stuffed and I'm like I'm not going up
there with him
you know what I mean so like if I'm
freaking out you're not gonna keep going
and part of it you know it's interview
but part of it is like helping see you
through this journey you know that's a
great response that's really powerful I
can keep that going so does that imply
that somehow when the interview is done
that it hits you I think like at this
point now doing it like 110 times over
the last two years and changed there's
nothing that I don't expect you know
what I mean so I think that that helps
and then there was a time early on where
yeah it would like [ __ ] up my day and
maybe like [ __ ] up the day after but now
at this point like if I have a shoot at
like two I could hit the gym at like
5:30 or 6:00 like I am starting to adapt
to a point that like maybe is like
borderline concerning but at least my
life is keeping a better pace and you do
you do any kind of like regulating your
body is there any doctors involved so
going on well I'm almost afraid to check
it out cuz like they'll shut down my way
or something like that but you can't eat
any more spicy food and then it's like
bull now you know and everything better
off just not knowing yeah exactly like
I'd prefer to just not know the time
I'll question if you don't go to the
doctor you can't get can't exactly like
I think the ignorance is bliss and that
respect okay but then to is like I never
really do anything like people give me
like 10 million tips all the time but I
do just kind of ride it out and then at
this point I kind of enjoy it because
you know like as you know there's so
many like calls emails da-da-da-da-da
when you do this and like I can kind of
build in an excuse if I'm like doing hot
ones or like popping a pepper or like
doing one of these shoots where I'm like
no one talked to me for like three or
four hours you know and I'll just go
home I'll blast the AC I'll put on
basketball shorts I'll catch up on some
DVR I'll listen to music and like I've
actually come to appreciate that I can
like play that excuse
like everybody exactly respect exactly
how like they think they have to get you
that line but now there's a trap that
actually sounds great yeah yeah so tell
me about this know you guys so since I
was on the show yeah what was the
hottest one then I'm trying to put it
would that be Blair's Megadeth sauce
with that was the one yeah so so how
does that compare now are you guys still
using Blair's is that like number two or
did you just so from the rotation we
took that out and then we brought back
this new like I was Blair that well
maybe you know I'm probably at some
level but then Blair I feel like no
Blair I've I know Blair through people
like I've never met Blair it's like
loose on the bench man in New Jersey but
I also to think like you know he had
such a run there for a couple seasons
where you know he's like a jersey that
we hang in the rafters like he's retired
he's Hall of Fame like yeah he has like
a statue
outside a stadium you know like his
legacy will live forever um but then
with those sauce is what we did you know
like speaking of the consequences of it
you know like when you do something like
this on a long-term level we were like
looking into you know like the possible
side effects like from a health
perspective and it's like well if you
use natural ingredients then you know
like you actually end up like cutting
that down quite a bit
really so like that was our move like we
had to take the line up and move to you
know more natural sauces was just direct
based or yeah so like a lot of those
like super super hot ones they'll use an
extract or whatever and that's look like
really turns that up so our challenge
with this is like obviously we need to
make a super hot sauce you know like
that's the name of the show but then how
do you do it with natural ingredients so
what we did with this is we hooked up
with our boy and you know I'm like grew
reputation smokin ed curry yeah and we
put them on the phone and we're like
that was our challenge you know like how
do we do this
and what's funny about smoking ed curry
and then these just pepper growers in
general they're all like Architects are
trying to build the tallest building
they're all kind of retained this is
subculture farmers is nuts and smokin ed
curry might be the craziest one of them
all
so he grew the Caroline like better I
mean before he grew the Carolina Reaper
which for years and years was the
Guinness Book World Records have aureus
pepper right notorious pepper yeah and
then what happened is this farmer in
Wales grew a Dragon's Breath chili that
topped the Carolina Reaper but smoke and
IDI is always playing chatter to be
telling me and I'm not even sure if I'm
supposed to share it but [ __ ] it he has
this this this war chest full of peppers
you know he's got aces up his sleeves
that are all hotter than the Carolina
Reaper and he had it even when the
Carolina Reapers gonna be was feeling
bad he was a Larry top him so that he
could just dunk on him right back like
Kobe so the next point in that line was
pepper axe so we're like alright so if
we take pepper axe and then we you know
like we and here's the other thing that
we wanted to do because it's not hard to
make something super spicy you know and
we don't want just a sauce it's like
well you might as well just like teargas
yourself in the face for your eyebrow
yeah so like a culinary challenge isn't
balancing that flavor and then making
something that has a great flavor so
that was our goal that was our challenge
can you really enjoy the flavor of this
you tell me well I want to say at the
end of the show cuz I don't want to ruin
right you're right alright it's actually
chat right we wanted to try this and the
crew wanted to try it so we're all okay
pop the seal some day yes okay nobody's
tried it okay yeah I want to try it I
want to try this all of us are gonna try
to end the show as I'm saying thank yous
but like so tell me compared to Blair's
how much how far have we gone well I
think that like at some point you just
get into the clouds where it's like
you're just you know what I mean there's
not that much separation I think though
like on just biting into it if you have
like Blair's are de bomb which you guys
have bomb is the one I think was it
number eight yeah and a bomb and I
always see it with the guests is always
the one we're like like this one's
[ __ ] up and that's true be the one
that stands out my mind the worst one
right it is it is for sure and it's
because it like it has that just pure
extract and then like very few if any
redeeming quality right
only eating something that's super hot
it also doesn't taste good so it's just
a miserable experience all around so I
think that like having gone through that
or like whatever then this does seem
like a reprieve because at least it
doesn't taste like [ __ ] like
psychologically plus like once you're in
it and maybe you can tell me from like
being on that end and as somebody who's
gone through it a bunch of times I feel
like you know it's not necessarily like
an escalation in the saw like it's kind
of a bell curve like it is you end up
like eating and you're like oh this is
good and then you're like oh this is
getting spicy and then you're like oh I
want to die and then you have like a
couple wings left so it has that like
psychological thing but once you get to
that point like your mouths like so
burnt out you're so like into the show
like you've sunk it into that seat but
it's like fine you might as well get
pepper sprayed like you're not ready and
of course a conditional you're
definitely right once I hit the bomb
because you're like man how can it get
any worse than this but it actually he
doesn't really right yeah you mean then
number nine because I did the last
school too because you have such unique
experience do cuz you just enjoy so that
number nine killed me
mm-hmm but and then the ten was I wonder
if it's worse for you it's way worse
okay I was like the bomb is awful and
then I was somewhat like relief but you
just got yeah that's a very unique
experience
so guys stay tuned we're all gonna hit
you I'm not you have nothing to prove
I'm not gonna have to look it's just I'm
not gonna whatever you want but but I
was wondering what's the difference
the situation is like you know it's like
with Samuel Adams you might have like a
winner ale and then you might have an
Oktoberfest so yeah so we used the
Carolina Reaper yeah they're both pretty
[ __ ] up we put the Carolina Reaper in
one and then the last dab pepper axe and
the other but also because shout out to
the fans thank you to the fans pepper
axe you know coming from smoking head
curry it only grows on one farm and then
now we have this super international
demand he saw I was like so they like
our fans shout out to
drained Lake you know what I mean so
it's like we can't like ever like you
can't make enough as we grow it as we
make it it just disappears
so to like bridge that gap in the
growing season we're like here's the
last AB Carolina Reaper but that is the
you know what we want to do like to us
like making an episode as a creative
process but so is making a hot sauce you
know that I think I think that they're
you know I think that if you asked 10
people side by side we'll do it five
people at the end of that we're gonna do
it world do both all right cool you
don't have to I'm into it by the way the
pepper X is that gonna be the final name
so I think at first it was like we were
like her name to be determined and then
we were like pepper X and we're like
whatever but then now I feel like
everybody knows it yeah right so and I
like it it's like oh it is yeah yeah
it's a pepper X X I was gonna say that
so I had it as a placeholder but now
there'd be like massive confusion um
yeah maybe back in the day he called
pepper X but now that you're hitting the
scene I like the name thank you
it's it's nice old ship it's a yeah and
so but are you implying that this
psychopath who makes these has another
one up his sleeve beyond X and another
one oh my god one in another one and he
he's like eating them right and yeah
he's insane he'll like I've seen him
he'll just be like what are you doing
it'll just be like snacking on Reapers
no nuts
he's about about like he's about the
life genetically altered like how was he
breeding peppers I mean I guess that's
the science that I don't understand
maybe yeah so like I you know it seemed
to me like he'll explain it well like
talk it through but yeah he's like yeah
he's like doing these like crossbreed
like Frankie biology Airmen's
like he he has like a whole interesting
backstory if anybody wants to dive in
who goes I want like aerith's some of
his laundry but yeah he's been a a
Breaking Bad chemist of sorts this whole
life and that of now he's and now he's
channeling that into hot sauce crazy
well alright stay tuned to the end guys
I'm smoking I mean he's the best
so before you develop the show did you
have an affinity for hot foods
oh yeah it's like incidental I mean um
you know like when I was a little kid
you know if the Bears games of my dad
has chips out and salsa I remember being
like like a little kid six seven years
old like going to dip into the salsa my
dad has hot sauce and I'm like salsa but
he's like not in my house so my dad was
a salsa purist and he's like when did
the salsa you got to do real salsa so I
think like an - like by virtue of that
c-minus d-plus parenting like it did
kind of lay the groundwork what we have
today so I've always had that sort of
tolerance but as I say in the show
sometimes like I'm no superhero like I
go through it - you know I really do but
they're back they have soldiers through
what do they say courage is not being
fearless Sean Wow it's confronting your
fears bravely was there ever a point in
your career when you're like you know
what I'm I'm not doing a spicy anymore
I'm [ __ ] done I'm not touching
anything spicy I don't want to see
anything spicy I'm done well I mean
there's like part of you here's the way
I look at it hot ones I'm obsessed with
it and I you know this wouldn't have
happened if I wasn't you know and like
the team around and whatever and we'd
never would have been able to make this
flow cuz it is a super lean team on a
shoestring budget and the fact that and
you would know this you know doing a
