[Music]
welcome my dudes my doggies and my Kazee
boys to the gazebo only zone
I'm your host ethan klein i am sick as a
dog this is my beautiful pregnant wife
who I love and adore she's the angel of
my life in the light of my life she's
everything that I've ever hoped to find
a partner and so much more
Lila climb I am so sick I'm delirious
I'm out of it you know you're still
embarrassed by my introduction I see
yeah it's true it's all true and so much
more thank you I am so sick I am
completely out of it yeah I've been
pumped with all the quills the bacon
wheels the knight coils the Twilight
quills what do you get when you combine
nyquil and dayquil I'm in the Twilight
well right now and start a Wiccan quill
oh yeah after today I'm gonna be weekend
coiled out oh and thank you to our
sponsors audible me undies LinkedIn I
almost forgot about those great dudes
I'm so out of it so this is gonna be a
roller coaster ride guys thank you for
joining us on this beautiful blessed
Friday Oh
Friday don't we all love it so much yes
I'm happy to share this special day with
you all
we had Tom Segura and Christina P two of
my favorite people on the planet were
scheduled beer on Wednesday I was sick
unfortunately we're gonna get him back
on here soon I love those guys went to
Disney yesterday with my family which
made my illness worse so but you know
what that's enough about what's going on
in my life let's get to the science of
why we're all here today last week and
it's been part of the show mythology I
would say is we have these Twitter polls
which really illuminate I would say some
of the darker parts of our society not
dark in the sense of being tat being
unethical or nothing to be feared but
I'm on dark in the ocean shadows in the
shadows and that it hasn't yet been
uncovered or looked at
yeah we are we are great searchers
weirdoes great discovers we are now all
the pranksters do like social
experiments this is real [ __ ]
she's the parent dude I want to be
surprised to see some of these Twitter
polls being quoted in such reputable
articles as Wikipedia so we have one
last week about do you smell on your
hand and you fart on your hand and smell
it I'm so out of it
do you fart on your hand and smell it so
first we did do you like the smell of
your own farts
and most overwhelming obviously yes and
there was some nice don't understand it
like I got it kind of upset because I
feel like you were kidding but you're
saying that you're serious but like
you're kidding well the poll speaks for
itself
yeah so first of all there was some
disbelief that people liked the smell of
their own farts but then we took it a
step further we said do you fart on your
hand and smell it and most of the people
in here except for Zach who's only
honest being here was like what is wrong
with you they say they say Ethan you are
a you shouldn't exist they say to me so
let's go to this poll because this was a
prolific vote I would say this was a
paramount benchmark vote we took place
here
have you ever smart farted on your hand
and smelled it a hundred and twenty four
thousand votes that is a huge number and
let me say 51% yes mm-hmm
and after this poll I bet you it's gonna
go even higher we even saw a couple when
we were at Disneyland and the guy had to
tell me that he does it too yeah an
ex-girlfriend I said can I smell your
head
Eleni stew I sniffed his head he had a
turkey leg in it and it was a fart and a
turkey leg it was a great time we had
there Disneyland so there you have it
guys this is science this is real
science we're doing here amazing but
then so I got an email from a fan
a podcast at age six reproduction calm
and she blew my ass out with a new one
she wanted to broach with us mm-hmm
let me read this email from autumn
autumn gee hello Ethan and Ella lately
on the show you guys been talking about
your girls habits in ela almost every
time has said she does not share these
strange routines so as a heel kleiner I
admit when I'm on my cycle I will often
smell my blood nope
sometimes I find it satisfying and
sometimes I find it gross lately my
blood has smelled similar to red wine
and I've never smelled my blood when
it's in it oh she says and I never smell
my blood when it's in a tampon well how
does she smell it this so I hate the
smell and that is why I usually prefer
to wear a tampon cuz I think you don't
smell it as much but how does she smell
it you just from the toilet if you wear
like a pad yeah oh then you take it off
and it's kind of like a walk it's like a
strong odor I hate it
what does it smell like gross like body
odor or like blood but I guess you like
like stink
it's gross woah see as men I think all
the middle listening to this are like
wow I know we're not supposed to talk
about this it's like the ladies pack
girls don't poop they don't for it and
they don't have their area stink did you
all know that period stink [ __ ] no what
did you think I never thought about odor
being involved don't know maybe I'm not
describing it right but I find it bro it
sounds like you're right I mean she says
herself she sniffs her period blood
sometimes satisfying some do you ever
find it satisfying
I always gross sometimes more gross than
other times if I smell it more but you
think it's all equally gross because she
sinks sometimes it has extra stank
I guess that's possible I never thought
like it smelled like red wine does it
have anything to do with the volume of
blood that's in it probably and does it
have anything to do with the wounds
last time you changed your tampon like
if how much body odor and sweat gets
mixed in I don't know fascinating wow
this is new so you're saying that it
uniformly always smells bad and you even
go so far as to wear tampons to avoid
smelling it altogether yes so what I
want to post to our female listeners
today is um do you ever smell your
period but so we are gonna make a
Twitter pull Dan you've got the sugar
for ladies only head on over to a street
podcast on Twitter if your lady and cast
your vote do you ever smell your period
but now these are fully anonymous votes
so you don't have to worry about being
outed or being discovered or mhmmm
anyone knowing about your disgusting
habits which we all have so don't worry
but I am truly fascinated by this period
blood smell it's a new concept it's a
paradigm shift my understanding of
periods how was their early voting I'm
very curious so my initial refresh fifty
three votes and it's about 50/50 it's 49
51 right now we're gonna be 50/50 no
yeah of course no there's been huge
swings there's been huge we've had 70
30s and yeah yeah we had a 60-40 with
the front wiping yeah no that's what I
thought it would be I think would be I
expected that cuz I if I'm a woman and I
have stinky periods I'm smelling it
because I'm already saying I smelling my
farts I bounced climbing in that that
50/50 ratio in Houlton it's holding
steady I would think that I would be
smelling my period blood you think so
yeah I would be because I scratched my
balls and smell my hand I think I think
there's just two type of people in the
world I think so probably the people
like are in denial like me yeah you're
in I I do think that
true you look yeah because it sounds I
don't want it to be true because it
sounds like you do smell your period
you're aware of this man I hate it I
know but you but on some level you still
do smell and assess it and make some
analysis of it the fact is that you're
in denial and you don't embrace it as
something you know that you can get into
on a personal level right I don't know
I'm happy that I got nine months right
now period went out yeah but then it's
almost like the baby is almost like the
nine months of period throw it up and
it's just like sounds like a break and
then a burst
you got something going on just wave at
least it has a happy ending
yeah periods don't necessarily have
happy endings except that they're over
I'll be right there with you I haven't I
tell you I have so much admiration and
so much respect for nothing you have to
go through that and I'm not jealous of
that at all I'm truly appreciative date
yeah you need to do that because my god
myself no I know
I know that's another thing I'm in
denial about that has to happen yeah
well it's really just something it's
like up the baby's coming let's just do
it you just have to do it you just have
to do it but you're gonna get drugged
then you're you're gonna be smart about
it and just not the only thing because a
lot of women are like I'd want to do it
natural I got halfway through when
they're in the excruciating pain they're
like anything depending my sister is
crazy she she was like no pain killers
and she she really didn't take anything
throughout well your your sister's a
superhuman yeah she's a frickin nature
but in your case because the the reason
women don't better get is because it
could take longer right yeah thank you
are afraid that you because you're Nam
you won't push hard as much as you would
if you're not I prefer thank you from my
perspective to not feel pain and have it
take an extra five hours well well I'm
just saying that's an exaggerated
comparison but I think that you'll be
but
I agree with you uh you know you don't
want to trust me trust me a guy that
knows something about it I have a friend
who was like I don't want it and then
halfway through she decided she wanted
it but then it took longer because they
didn't have it prepared for her oh man
and the whole time she was just like
give me when you get the painkiller is
it like no pain like total numbness no
probably helped I think it helps but I
don't think because when I I had a young
I don't know I had a huge mole removed
on my back as a kid I think I must have
been uh you know 12 or 11 but it was a
really big surgery where they cut it out
and um when they gave me numbing shots
it was extreme extremely painful it was
so painful these shots I was it fries
cuz it was just a shot I think this one
is also painful but I felt nothing like
zero sensation and I was awake but I
think I think you're already in so much
pain from the country what do you call
it
contraptions oh the contraptions yeah so
I think the pain of that shot is like
driving yeah compare actions yeah so I
think I think they have amazing
medicines that I think will really
minimize the pain you experience but the
thing is like when I had the surgery on
my back so I felt no pain at all but
then when they finish they had to sew me
up and the doctor had to cut what do you
call that when you electrocuted
categorise cauterized he had to
cauterize my flesh together so he
basically he literally like burned my
flesh together and that was [ __ ] it
wasn't paid I couldn't feel the pain but
it felt so weird those being
electrocuted how'd that smell I didn't
smell flesh I just found it was just a
wild sensation dude but um yeah so
there's a couple people who responded I
do and I secretly think it smells okay
yeah there you go exactly I don't think
exactly I think there's a very
interesting and healthy discussion guys
as of this moment it's actually exactly
50/50 and then there
I'm not sure what to choose but you
can't avoid smelling it but it still
grows mm-hmm so there you go I think
there really are two types of people in
the world you know and I think now is
exactly 50 I think that's what it boils
down to you know people who are in
denial as you said and some people that
are like I'm on board with smelling your
variable Mike I bet you the same people
to smell their fear Perry Bloods also
smell their farts and they probably
catch their vagina and smell their hand
probably you know
all right well fascinating stuff here
guys this is a science experience
experience beautiful beginning
fascinating yeah I love it
what else we got here oh another fan
submission this was the best freakin
video I've seen in such a long time you
guys oh my god talk about TLC we've been
talking about TLC a lot so this comes
from Discovery oh and it's a reader yeah
yeah I know
they're like hang on guys we got to stop
make wait planet Earth
[ __ ] cancel that we're working on a
new show show called diagnosis or
diagnosed me and we're gonna do epic
reenactments of these of these diseases
now this guy run suffers from ceaseless
belching and cause he cannot stop
burping he cannot stop burping and they
reenact it and oh my god this is from
Devon Mears oh god but this is the best
thing I've seen its own
before his condition began it's kind of
scratch you hear that yeah here I think
I might know what's up hold on one sec
we're all set up here
very professional always prepared and
very live that's right folks how you
feeling you feeling pregnant I feel
really tired and I think that's part of
this yeah
stage how was Disney for you yesterday
as a pregnant lady I couldn't go on all
the fun rides like a boring mom I felt
so bad for you as I rode all the awesome
rides and I'm already lame yeah you're
not lame it's not your fault you're
amazing you have a [ __ ] you get
you're growing a human body in your
stomach that's amazing as a guest pretty
cool yeah you know laying your freakin
awesome wife recently that's love baby
and horse this is the reenactment I was
confused that was like what am I
watching
so the burping sound is insane it's
always like and what I soon learned is
that the burping sound bite they use is
a sound bite from the actual guy it is
so he's actually so what they're doing
is playing the actual girl and the guy
every time no you can tell because they
show one brief clip of actual guy
burping and so they use that one sound
bite and they use it every time in this
reenactment and it sounds it's the same
sound it's amazing
I'm sorry ma'am it started gradually and
east though like it's like you just burp
yeah it's tiny and he's always like I'm
so sorry ma'am control you know when I
was at the customer's house and then
when I was done truck I've just Belgium
Belgium Belgium so we've got the
pressure off me it seemed crazy maybe 20
30 minutes but what I don't understand
is why do you have to burp so loud just
close your mouth well you don't have to
burp loud I don't think he can control
it that's a show about it I don't think
I can control it
he's burping a lot but sure I mean you
could control how loud you burp you can
go or you can be like not always really
never heard you burp what do you know
about it
I see people burp but you burp quietly
right because you're a lady
I don't burn yeah
one of us should sleep you know all of
that line at least one of us should
sleep look at his waist anyway to the
neighborhood during series of tests his
doctor had a bowel obstruction and
suggests it's all in Ron's head stop
thinking about it so much belching
non-stop for months that's cuz that's
that's a burp I've never heard of birth
play at my life and so yeah has to be
they're using that sound by going to
dozens of doctors the one cure this yeah
they get out look at that babe vengeance
look at this reaction that seemed to
work just stopped working leaving Ron so
desperate he wants to kill himself and
then well I know I feel bad for the guy
but like they do this sound editing
where they'll take the sound by burp
like here and then they'll like dampen
it so it seems like he's far away but
they're just using the same sound buddy
Ron so desperate he wants to kill
himself
no they're making them look like all the
time just turning into it's like a
Stephen King novel but yeah he's like a
werewolf what is happening to me
dude finds out what's going on she
panics and calls 9 1 1 records they said
there's nothing we can do for you look
at this gas is a sign to mental health
counselor Lisa Gus in her questions open
up although he does this doctor when he
burped I didn't see the guy do that he
just fit every criteria for anxiety and
depression he my way turns out he needed
an antidepressant really and he was a
manifesting anxiety in an unusual way
and he's cured now fry believe it you do
know what's on discovery you can't be
wrong
they wouldn't lie to us hit me with that
soundbite Zach
that's the burb the first time I stopped
I wish I could watch the first time with
you guys because the first time I saw
this I was just crying he does this
[Music]
think he's worth being like a thousand
times a day and he's surprised every
time it happens baby D disorder combined
with clinical depression
I poke through those things where I'll
burp I guess I got out of the problems
stimulates the brain in a certain area I
love that that video can gem my dudes so
shout out Wow having a lot of fun here
dan what's the pull out let's take a
look
we've got refreshing 4951 man at this
this tree and favorite what well yes is
going down you actually the yes is
slightly down but I mean oh yeah it's 48
52 48 for yes 52 now oh so no is
slightly edging so that makes it feel
more realistic um I feel like the margin
error though like you got to say that's
it that's a split well the problem is
that you have to vote to see the results
and so a lot of dudes out there one is
that right
when I see the result it says ladies
only so I I know any dudes are voting
there's got it I wish there was a way to
view the results I agree about it's so
messed up because oh you know what you
got to add a third option that says I'm
a dude though then it doesn't affect the
fricken you know what yeah that's no new
everyone do a new one erase that one Dan
and start over with a third option I'm a
dude no vote impressed
Thank You Mila I've been trying to say
for many years that I'm a brilliant mind
because there's a couple guys here
including Ian from Smosh what did he did
well they said I'm a guy so this is
sexist oh well do you smell your period
blood here you smell Pam's period blood
I don't want to like I won't do I'm
kidding okay I don't know anymore your
excrement I mean you go cookie live I'm
so you got a cookie just straight on the
table like that we have plates um
alright the tweets the tweets back up
anybody that already voted you got to go
back you're obligate
you should leave a comment and explain
why we reposted it I don't go and [ __ ]
this is a [ __ ] stick and I don't give
a [ __ ]
the Ian's brought cookies I'm like him
every time I see Donuts or cookies or
