okay count you in five four three two
hello everybody and welcome to the h3
podcast experience also known as the
correct opinions own disagree with the
opinions here take a you might want to
think twice because these are infallible
highly uninformed and 100% correct all
the time couldn't possibly be wrong yet
it's not an option it's not not in this
cell with me is the beautiful talented
and very blue ela Klein round of
applause what else and a CEO
yeah and CEO of course thank you to
today's sponsors kaptara equipped and
the undies and for all of our loyal fans
and listeners there is a new h3 h3 video
out on our channel h3h3 productions so I
hope you enjoy that check it out please
enjoy it today we've got a lot to get to
I've got a new mic how do I sound today
we've got the Shane Jake documentary I
want to talk a little bit about that
Bill Cosby has started a new sitcom in
which he goes to prison which is a
really I'm really looking forward to
that's on NBC premieres this fall at 8
p.m. looking forward to Bill Cosby goes
to prison we've also got Drake and
Millie Bobby Brown have been raising
eyebrows with their salacious I feel
like that's over the top interesting
relationship and much much more
oh welcome everybody to the h3 podcast
experience all right thanks for coming
everyone we really we got the best we
got the best stuff here to talk about so
from the top Shane and Jake Shane Dawson
is the king of YouTube yeah these past
couple of I want pretty crazy he's been
kind of the king of YouTube for like
past year or something but these whole
documentary and series have just been
over the over the top like can you pull
up his channel I want to show you the
views that
got there but right now he has just come
out with a Jake Paul documentary called
inside the mind of Jake Paul when he
tries to understand really what's going
on with that guy and I'm intrigued let's
see a little is here look look at all of
his recent views why does that look so
low-quality
is that just part of the thing 16
million 14 million 18 24 million I mean
this is just this is average yeah this
is insane
this is like new level [ __ ] so anyway
his new documentary about Jake falls out
look at this I loved this
Jake's response to part one was number
two trending with 2.2 million views in
two days and Shane's video with 10
million views in one day wasn't on
trending I don't
damn what the hell what's the logic how
do you trend Jake Paul's response video
I don't know why can they just fix the
trending page it's like it's just not a
trending page it's not and if it is
curated why do they keep training Jake
Paul yeah if there's really no good
explanation for why this would be there
not that one it literally is
counterintuitive
yeah their response isn't what's
trending it's the topic itself it's just
it's it's maddening but regardless they
took the crutch of it is that he's
trying to see if Jake Paul's a sociopath
and I personally don't think that Jake
Paul's a sociopath I mean that's a tall
claim but then it takes this twist where
he's like well maybe he's a brother
Logan is the sociopath and it's about
him living in the shadow of his brother
which is a really interesting twist and
I definitely can see that I could see
that yeah I can see that for sure so I
am looking forward to seeing how this
series unveils but there was by the way
I think Logan was blindsided by the
whole thing because Jake and his video
was like I knew it was about sociopathy
and
he's like I'm not a sociopath so come
make this documentary about me he's like
it's gonna be a good PR for me [ __ ] the
Logan I think was blindsided that he was
all the sudden coming under the
magnifying lens and he just tweeted out
this morning this I really didn't want
to but I feel compelled to give my
thoughts on Shane series this far Blair
and then Shane actually responded a
surprise extended finale which is a
shame really don't give a [ __ ] he's
ready but anyway the really intriguing
thing for me and I am I am the I'm
intrigued you know I'm I'm glued to the
set here in fact Shane has given a lot
of youtubers hope kind of with how his
channel just turns second yeah well for
a long time he was a guy that just
taste-tested fast food yeah and they did
it for so long I don't know what he was
doing before that that was probably he
did like sketches and she had I don't
know he's not he has two channels he's
been kind of like been around forever
and doing all kinds of different content
but he was like just eating food for a
long yeah but he likes it slugged
through it found his voice yeah and he
really he's got this second wind that's
unbelievable
it's really cool I really like the style
of the document innovative it's fresh
it's really well edit yeah I don't know
who's editing that I'm sure Shane is
probably sitting there a lot with editor
but then editing yeah absolutely bananas
he wears the same shirt in every video I
don't think so
well I don't know if it's the same sir
but either that or he's like Doug funny
and he's got like you know you never
done but he's like and we're doing named
outfit every day and but then there's a
episode where he walks in the closet and
he just has like morning same outfit he
wears the same shirt god bless his soul
you know but hey but there was one
moment here that really broke my heart
there was a moment in the new episode
that really broke my heart as a fan as a
call I want to say colleague but maybe
an associate you could say as
who's had him here a guest on our
podcast yeah it really broke my heart
so here it is I'm really gonna talk
about this if you notice anything here
I've gotta miss the time stamp for
Christ's sake see if you notice anything
here okay as he's talking about this
okay listen closely my friends
you're all gonna really this is really
upsetting podcast on a podcast damn
no we're smitten Shane breaking my heart
Shane you're breakin my heart go and
watch podcast on a podcast Shane
family this is my godfather impression
what family you come in my house you sit
across the table from me what I could no
respect to disrespect you so much they
you come on a podcast we you have a
podcast in my mind it sounds like a
perfect Italian Godfather impression
spot on she never gets the family and
you breaking my heart
no it's half Russian she you're breaking
my heart on a podcast
anyway god bless him I'm not upset I
just thought it was funny I just thought
it was a funny opportunity to do my well
traveled well seasoned Godfather
not one in the pocket for a while here
at the office yeah I'm working on that
eye Godfather accent for a long time so
did you change your mind by jakub or
anything no I never thought I kind of
always suspected that Jake deep down
isn't a bad guy mm-hmm I had that
impression when I sat here with him and
I thought you know because I I had a
conversation with him outside off-camera
and I was like dude tell me straight
good we were walking to the bathroom
together and I was like and this was
during their heyday when they were
really competitive I was like tell me
hey yeah do you how are you guys cuz it
seems really toxic and he's and he said
honestly it's really bad we honestly
really hate each other
you know he told me that in complete
earnestness off-camera in the hallway
he's like it's really bad honestly you
can tell that they're complete
competitive its mentality is real well
apparently Logan actually really [ __ ]
Jake's ex-girlfriend
like for real and then made like a diss
track about it but Jake was like dude
like like act like I know that's like
good for views but that actually really
hurts my feelings
mm-hmm you know like these guys are
[ __ ] twisted yeah but apparently Jake
actually gets into a lot of this stuff
so I'm looking for that but if you can
hit me with that music one more time
Shane I bring you one here we talk we
sit across the tip this is getting
better
Shane what I bring you here you sit
across the table for me we talk we have
a good time what do I do
Heelys give me the crickets moving on
Bill Cosby there's a new sitcom coming
up on NBC which is a really ballsy play
on their part
Bill Cosby goes to prison for sexual
assault I was like wow that's a really
edgy idea wait hold on it's not a sitcom
Bill Cosby in handcuffs after getting
over three years in prison for 2004 rape
wait I thought this oh man I thought it
was just a sitcom yeah
welcome to Papa's house aka prison the
clink
is that crazy at the same wait handcuffs
dude it is the weirdest timeline can we
just reflect on the fact that 81 year
old Bill Cosby worth four hundred
million dollars mm-hmm America's most
beloved entertainer jell-o eaten coke
sip and Bill Cosby is going up just
America I was like yeah it's going to
prison at 81 years old for rape
that's the weirdest timeline imaginable
mm-hmm oh my god
he was convicted in April of drugging
and sexually assaulting Andre constand
who testified that Cosby violated her at
his Pennsylvania home in 2004 after she
came to him for career advice she was
sentenced to 3 to 10 years for sexual
assault
he has to register as a sex offender
he's classified as a sexually violent
predator online and they need to inform
all their neighbors that a sexually
violent predator lives in the area
that's a lifetime registration although
I don't think his life is gonna be that
much longer
81 in prison he's in general population
- a lot of people are like oh he's gonna
get
preferential treatment listen to this
he's in general population and he's so
famous you know what they're doing
because when he talks to his wife in
prison they have speaker phones and like
everyone around can hear oh is that yeah
it's all monitored cuz it's a [ __ ]
prison
you know I mean they always in the
movies so everyone can hear yeah okay
near or if you're the police if you're
working there you're listening to what
they're talking about yeah and so people
are paying they want to know everything
he's talking about with his wife
what saw all these tabloids are
publishing everything he's talking about
with his wife they can do that well
that's how they found out I mean prop no
I'm sure it's probably illegal but
people are getting paid here's some of
the anecdotes that came out of those
phone conversations in a phone call with
his wife Cosby recounted that a hot dog
bun was thrown at his face Cosby who is
legally blind said he fell down a flight
of stairs because he wasn't being guided
and was without his cane which was
apparently taken away along with his
shoelaces by correctional officers over
fears that he may harm himself
Cosby told his wife grabbed the
checkbook and hire anyone and everyone
who could get him out as soon as
possible this [ __ ] worth 400
million bucks and that money cannot save
him this article says he said I think
I'll harm myself no the officials think
he'll harm himself
I mean Oh Cosby tells wife officials oh
he he told his wife though officials
think I'll harm myself because they took
away his cane and his shoelaces as I
understand this normal hmm but god damn
can you imagine you're just like in
prison and you're like oh it's Bill
Cosby no hey Bill oh and here's another
great one his first meal
in prison vanilla pudding you put the
pudding and the you put the hot dog mud
in the face of the pudding at the mouth
really showing off your impressions is
the impression experienced agency [ __ ]
profession experience Hey but che how
could he do this to me
you put the pudding you came here I gave
you pudding if you said a podcast how am
i doing impression 10 anime crossovers
right there so I think it's so pathetic
so weird
people are throwing hot dog buns at his
face like like that's maybe the biggest
fall from grace of all time like
Shakespeare the Greek mythology have
stories of from king to peasant I mean
this is a literal story of being Bill
Cosby beloved powerful rich beyond
imagination to inmates
throwing hot dog stale hot dog buns at
your face well the guy was a [ __ ]
prolific predator yeah the stories of
what that guy did it was really remark I
mean really astounding stuff actually
have some clips this one is really
incredible it's a clip of from his old
show The Cosby Show beloved by all where
he talks about he's doing a barbecue and
he's like and his wife was like isn't it
so nice how everyone's getting along
after their fighting and he goes hey
it's it's the secret is my barbecue
sauce she's like oh you're kidding he's
like oh dead serious and he like doesn't
smile his face is like deadpan he's
sinister sounding and he continues he
goes
oh no I'm dead serious you ever noticed
when you have my barbecue sauce that
everyone gets happier and gets a little
too fondly I'm dead serious and and he
continues and she goes stop it and and
and you almost feel like she's being
creeped out but I flew this she's like
stop it he's like no I'm serious
I've got the clip I'd like to show you
yeah let's watch it and then at the end
of the clip the kids are eating the
barbecue and he comes and takes it away
from them real fast implying that
they're that it is not a joke and so
here let me let me I mean this [ __ ] is
unbelievable it really is truly
something be Bill Cosby special Biba Q
saw so wonder if he was this is
definitely anecdotal from his real life
outside the show watch his face after
when it kicks in they get all she's like
Thunder hitter
I got a cup of it I said you see that
breathing right now oh my god what's
that isn't that [ __ ] insane weird I
mean wow how is that like family content
you know I think it was just like wacky
at the time but that the actual insignia
context well even the context at the
time is that he's put a drug in the bar
I mean there's no other way to they
haven't worked anything out for
themselves it's all my barbecue sauce
he's seen oh stop it
oh I'm stopping anything in fact I got a
big bucket of barbecue sauce in the room
are you coming up or do I have to force
you and so somebody of course I'm some
genius his name is yet God made a edit
that I'd like to share with you guys
that really captures the moment more
accurately I would say
it certainly is nice to see them work
things out for themselves pick up the
laugh track for them so it's frankly not
disturbing it's a threat
look how we look at his body like yeah
I've got a cup of it I saw this was a
scene for like a horror it worries like
a serial killer or something yeah I
would be surprised if I played this in
court during his trial yo we got a sound
bite the lawyer said like you know in
every joke there's a little bit of truth
right exactly yeah I think that's a good
legal argument yeah we got a sound bite
some of these barbecue sauce clips I
feel like these have perpetual use I
[Music]
love this barbecue sauce
[Music]
Laura we're I'm telling you that what is
this Chris yes that was courtesy of heat
God actually you know what I don't know
how long the stores been uh been in the
news but this is eight years old
sorry I'm literally dyslexic out
dyslexia doubt three years old actually
you know what I did
I cut the eight in half in my mind
because it's three half of eight like
literally if you cut it in half you see
a three yeah
so you completed the three I completed
the three in my mind I know it's really
incredible stuff is it not pretty nuts
you know I'm gonna say this to you
whenever I want to get it on no you're
not you're like the barbecue sauce I
said why don't you go on upstairs cream
you know barbecue sauce so I said it's a
new meaning of lube it up you know you
want to go on it's all the sauce you
seen feeling a little sleepy a little uh
unconscious a little uh amnesia you're
it's all on the sauce play some creepy
music guys but yeah it's all in the
sauce you seen you know you feeling a
little sleepy a little amnesia gonna lay
down close your eyes forget it all
happen you're kidding right on the sauce
oh no no Tom the sauce I guess we have
no creepy music oh
I feel like the moments gone good enough
all the sauce welcome to Papa's house
yeah that's a man that knows how to saw
some pie all in the sauce for him till
now let's all give praise by the way to
Hannibal Buress whoo yeah whoo by the
way let's all remember that Hannibal did
this explosive standup several years ago
somebody just filmed it on our own
everything right
it wasn't on Comedy Central or anything
he was just at a nightclub and somebody
filmed it on the phone and put it online
and it made headlines because built
because Hannibal was like [ __ ] Bill
Cosby always tell him black people what
to do from like I from like up yeah Pat
is still always being like what black
people need the bootstrap themselves up
like me he's like he's a [ __ ] rapist
yeah that was the first time I I never I
didn't know though he was like seriously
go Google Bill Cosby Reagan's and see
what you find and that was the catalyst
that started this whole thing here let's
watch that that would also start me too
anyway probably I think I mean that was
really a prolific not prolific but it
was a monumental it may have yeah yeah
Hannibal
[Music]
you have a great women Gaza yeah that's
crazy that he broke that and a great
joke too but yeah shocking at the time
people of wives
well that's a ballsy claim to make about
anyone publicly to be like oh yeah but
you great people it's like what can't
really say that wow that's incredible
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay this one stand up yeah and yeah
that's really incredible stuff so shout
out the aníbal goddamn well let's throw
it to a break we will be right back
after these messages from me out of my
mouth
aunt from the sponsors on a paper
through my mouth to you
we keep them fresh we keep them funny we
keep them exciting so you're not going
to want to skip it because it's really
fun and exciting really entertaining
copy reads we'll be back after that to
talk about Drake creeping on Millie
Bobbie Brown some Papa John updates and
so much more so please stay with us on
the h3 podcast fully enlightened shade
experience
thank you to kaptara for sponsoring us
we're all bound to face unexpected
