welcome back to a free podcast live
every Friday except when it's not Friday
it's not at 3:00 at twitch.tv 4/8
reproductions today's guest is the
biggest name in YouTube's tech reviews
with nearly 6 million subs he's the guy
I always go to when I want tech info
that's real weather smart phones cars
laptops cameras this guy covers it I
feel like I'm doing a copy / h-34 temper
self no he is the excellent and
wonderful Marquis they say right Marcus
Marcus I don't say my name much in the
actual videos right one usually knows it
but yeah Marquez Marquez Brownlee thank
you for joining us appreciate it thank
you it's 7 p.m. currently if we're gonna
watch it on YouTube so you came out here
at the end of a long day spend time with
us but I appreciate what do you been up
to today today and most of this week has
been we're shooting a video on Tesla
Model 3 so I see yeah so we had a lot of
game planning it takes a lot to shoot a
car video because the car you know the
car is driving but then you need a
person outside the car sharing the car
as its driving it's a whole thing
it takes a lot make it look natural yeah
and it's gonna take a lot more in that
ending process but I have faith in it
but that was a lot of today was like
getting like some filling shots of
things that I think will help it flow
well right up until the Sun was going
down and then just came over here was
that the purpose for you coming out to
LA that was the main yeah
the main reason for the trip well for
those who listen the podcast know that
I'm a little bit of a Elon Musk fanboy I
put his dick in my mouth regularly and I
see how deeper I can get it yeah are you
uh are you a fan boy I'd say I'm a Tesla
fanboy for sure not at you want fanboy
well I can't bet against Elon yeah I
mean I'm saying boy I guess cuz I I
follow most of what he does
I fought yeah well okay let me start
here what did you think of the model 3
okay so model I own a Model S so that's
my comparison point for a lot of stuff
very similar which is good because when
you're buying a car you want it to live
up to maybe a higher car on the same
year so it felt familiar it's pretty
quick it's electric it's got a front
still all the same stuff were used to
but there's definitely some weird quirks
that I'll talk about in that full video
but like I think the main thing people
are concerned about is the screen there
are zero buttons in the car the only one
that that is in the car is required by
law is the hazards button up in the
corner but if everything is just on this
one screen in the middle including your
speed your gear is really it's just it's
unusual it's a weird setup yeah but uh
they did that because it's it's
self-driving and eventually you won't
really have to worry about that too much
but when you're driving you kind of have
this trained glance down to the side of
like instead of looking right down at
the speed you look kind of to the side
at your speed it's a little different
you know I I have a Model S yeah and one
thing it's it is bleeding edge because
sometimes I love that car of most days
but sometimes I hate it like through
that day the screen wouldn't turn on
like it just I go in and it doesn't so
that's how that I've had to be like
really late to turn on but it's never
just not turned he could still drive
yeah I was able to drive I didn't know
that but like that concerns me even more
in the model 3 when they're like oh
they're gonna be a little too edgy and
put it all on a screen and then all of a
sudden when you're counting too much on
that screen what I mean it doesn't start
yeah yeah there's a lot of edge cases
where like you got to wonder like is it
failsafe is it kind of work if the
screen doesn't work right yeah well you
I remember you had a huge issue with
your got it
what happened probably a worse problem
oh wait almost made me not want to buy
it I was before you it was a huge life
decision buying a Tesla cos I mean it's
an expensive car right but for me it was
more as much I won't say more about as
much about supporting the mission
statement of supporting e.v.p.s right
but your video made me think twice about
it more than anything else tell tell the
audience what happened to you okay so it
was a essentially it all came down to
the power steering obviously power
steering is this mechanical loads flew
and McCann I don't know how to describe
it exactly but it helps you steer the
car based on the weight of it so you can
change the steering weight you can have
a sporty or comfort steering all that
stuff but when the power steering fails
it's extremely hard to turn the wheel
any direction because the car is super
heavy so what I had was I was driving I
went to go turn left across traffic and
midway through my turn as the wheels
turned like 45 degrees the power
steering cut that's and I was cutting
across traffic unable to move the car
Wow this happened once got it like I
like it snapped back into working again
I finished my drive pulled over you know
got it towed got it fixed they replaced
the entire steering rack I was like
alright that's definitely fixed for sure
then a couple hundred miles later it
happened again Wow and that's dangerous
that was dangerous and the second time I
think was more dangerous the first two
times were in the same ride where I like
I was making a left turn but it wasn't a
big deal if I couldn't the second time
was like two cars next to each other
both making the LAV right and I was the
inside car oh no and so when it failed
if that guy had also made the left I
would have just t-boned him but he went
straight yeah so that was like a I
immediately pulled over that's a red
flag obviously whenever you have the
same issue more than once they escalate
your issue to like definitely solve it
because three in New Jersey is lemon law
you can give the car back for free Oh
interesting
yeah so they flout an engineer from here
basically had him diagnose the problem
and they found a corrosive element in
the wiring between the power steering
rack and some other part of the car so
they flew someone to they flew someone
out yeah to to check out my car that
took a couple extra days the first time
it was like one day we replaced that
you're good this time it was like
alright we'll fly someone out a couple
days later they found out what was wrong
they flew out the parts they needed to
fix it it was a whole thing for maybe
like a week and a half that they gave me
a loaner p100 D during those days when I
didn't have my car which was pretty dope
a nice service yeah
they owe one hand it's nice service by
the other hand they could have
you better have it serviced yes so yeah
they fix that and they pretty much
guaranteed it will never fail in that
exact way again if it does it's a lemon
but they say so since then no issues are
you paranoid at all making those left
curse do you still think about those
left turns no dude I'm I don't want to
say reckless but I'm very confident yeah
that sounds like I don't have the P 100d
that once insane but we both drove it
I've driven it because that we tested
and they gave us a loaner p100 ooh and
so in the few 100 d which is the highest
level model and the only difference
between the P 100 D and the step-down
which is like the 90 D or I guess it's
the one Hyundai now we got our we're
straight I can i've memorize the line
but at any rate the only difference is
the acceleration for example the one
below it goes 0 to 60 and 4.3 seconds
right or 4.2 I think now the p100 d does
it and 2.4 yeah it's a significant now
when I got that loaner car I put it in
ludicrous mode you have to be that's
like a contract saying that ok now when
you click this button and you and your
crash fatally you click the button just
let the world know you decided to do
this yeah it's it's ungodly and when I
it when I drove it my first thought was
like this is not safe this is not safe
at all yeah it's when you have that kind
of acceleration as personally not just 0
to 60 but like 30 to 80 right or like
for me it's all about the 0 to 30 in the
Tesla yeah I mean from zero the only
weird stuff you're doing is like at
stoplights or maybe someone pulls up
next to you and like wants to race which
doesn't really ever happen but like
you're on the highway and someone's you
know there's a gap and you need to get
to the exit do you slow it down and go
behind him or do you accelerate and go
in front of that car you see nine times
out of 99 you're going up and taking the
Front's it actually feels much safer cuz
we also have a Prius which was our
previous car yeah
and I still drive that one sometimes and
I feel less safe it's strange but I I
feel like I have more control over the
car that's what it comes down to so
technically and also this this has
happened before the car will if it sees
an impending collision right will try to
avoid it
someone soars into your lane it'll
swerve a little bit away I have an
experience and if it sees someone coming
up behind you about to rear-end you
really by itself it'll just kind of Juke
you forward a little bit that is to
avoid it and that's that's happened to
me in my car and that's definitely it
gave you a little boost yeah I thought
it was broken
now we're gonna round the same time and
it jeopardized your ass exactly it's a
wash exactly so tell me um you said you
were in the model three and it's a lot
like the Model S in your opinion do you
think the model 3 is a Model S killer
because the price is like the price is a
huge difference he's so like 40,000
bucks I think the fact the price
difference is so big is actually what
keeps it from being a Model S killer I
think there's gonna be people who are in
the market for a fifty sixty to seventy
thousand dollar car that aren't gonna
pick model three because of lower price
there and they want premium R and Model
S is always gonna be that I think it's
getting a refresh remembered in the next
year or two to update it with a lot of
the things that model three is currently
better at but I think because the price
difference is so big people who were
waiting to buy a Tesla until it was 35
grand are now gonna buy that not a model
so you think just the status symbol
alone is enough to to keep it alive yeah
I think it's just gonna basically having
at that lower price it's just gonna open
doors for way more people to buy it well
I hope that they do distinguish the
difference because yeah they try they're
pretty clear in their messaging I think
internally they have a lot of they're
trying to make sure people know Model S
is still the better car yeah doesn't say
yeah that there there's features and
things you I mean there's two two
screens instead of one like if you look
at model three oh this is the future
just one screen but like roadster is
gonna have to like their their higher
end stuff is still gonna have two
machines and two because they can afford
it I think they wanted they may have
wanted to do a heads-up display
like you know maybe having the the speed
on the like the windshield or something
like that all kinds of interesting
things that they couldn't do because of
the lower price right that they do in
the Model S right do you think that
Tesla is will be able to achieve all of
its goals I mean the the goals of the
company is is huge
and there's a lot of doubters and
naysayers of what Tesla is doing and and
to be frank they haven't been off to a
great start with their Model 3 launch
yet what they ended up making like 4,000
when they had promised to make like
50,000 they're way way way way behind do
you see them succeeding and what they're
setting out to do I I'm always hesitant
about the timelines they give sure
because they're Elon and that whole crew
is always super ambitious about like
yeah we'll do this and this year and
like the Roadster is the same thing 2020
yeah right like that's gonna be at least
a couple years after that I think but I
think the actual goals are setting
they're eventually hitting them when
people are saying like they're weren't
gonna hit him at all yeah so stuff like
production of Model S which has been
ramping up kind of the same way like
model threes at the beginning of that
climb sure and they kind of mapped out
that climb with Model S and I think they
sold their two hundred thousandth Model
S last year which people never thought
they would defer so you know it might
not be the same people call it Elon time
right yeah as literally it goes all the
way down to like the time of the event
like he'll kill get on stage of five
o'clock and they it's 503 and we're like
yeah maybe so timelines not so much but
I think they eventually they'll get
there yeah interesting I hope so
I think there's so much demand for the
Model 3 a fully electric it's a great
great car and the 100 something thousand
orders already four hundred actually
sell it I feel like the demand is
infinite if he can actually meet the
production yeah before other companies
do because everybody's he kind of opened
the floodgates in terms of it's a weird
thing I
I've been looking more into car stuff
since I started doing these car videos
and like other companies are like
thinking about getting into electric and
they're like promising they're gonna do
it sometime right but I don't see it yet
and that's weird to me that these like
hundred-year-old companies
I mean I guess they're just kind of a
huge yes and they can't be as agile yeah
they're behind it's it's insane say what
you will about Yonkers there's a lot of
people that dislike him and I think it's
just a lot of contrarians who are like
all these people loved him so I'm gonna
hate him that's a whole nother thing
[ __ ] those people but seriously I don't
like what the hell was I saying
say what you will about you learn but
that guy is so infinitely far ahead of
the game like legit paradigm shift so in
the automotive field yeah the
infrastructure I think they're onto
something there obviously the whole
electric car thing they're stupid far
ahead on like right even if like Porsche
tomorrow came out with a $70,000
electric car that does everything Model
S does they don't have the super
charging that they don't have you know
the the autonomous driving they don't
have like seven or eight also massive
projects right that this one car does so
like yeah they're really far ahead it's
unbelievable I mean it's unbelievable
and like like you said at the beginning
everyone thought it was a fantasy and a
joke and it wasn't reasonable but now if
you when you drive around LA I don't
know what it's like Jersey but like
Tesla's are dime-a-dozen here yes so I
noticed that I noticed that about 3 out
of every 10 cars is a Prius yes yeah and
then one out of every 10 is a Model S
and the new everything else in New
Jersey still a lot of Prius is not a lot
of Tesla's but you still kind of start
to see him more mm-hmm my car was the
first the first P 100 D on the East
Coast accordant but yeah you see a Model
S or Model X once in a while but it
still isn't common on the East Coast and
the same thing with supercharger here
it's great thing there's just in
California in LA it's like a combination
of a lot of wealth with people who are
environmentally conscious I think that's
what I noticed also about shooting Model
Model 3 now model 3 is that Unicorn that
people haven't seen on the road
first I hadn't ever seen one what I saw
it at the event but I hadn't seen one on
the road since then when I got here
walking from the hotel to in-and-out I
saw the first one that I ever saw on the
road and then so like you know we got
the car and we're driving it around and
like you're at a supercharged it's like
there's like Tesla enthusiasts just kind
of like around and all their heads are
just kind of like yo what is is that the
model 3 yeah I weren't sure that is
that's the one like we want to know like
what's the price of it what are the
options on it like all the questions
come out as they'd heard about it but
they hadn't seen it you know who got him
all three Jake right he must have been
super early
yeah like day of order maybe did you
order a model 3 I didn't hmm I I would
love to but I think I'm just with ya if
I ever have two cars it would be
roadster a Model S I think so that's
another thing I want to say you so Tesla
came out with another car that you can
pre-order yeah the Roadster so that's P
100 D isn't unsafe enough they're like
here's a car that's even better at yeah
possibly killing yourself yep which is
the Roadster and and it takes a $50,000
deposit right which you which I you have
to pick to EWTN's curve yes and boy yeah
man
so the specs like again that's like a
it's more of a projection than an actual
product at the store it doesn't exist
yeah like they drive the one on stage
but that's not like the finished product
yeah but they gave numbers like oh yeah
it'll go 250 miles an hour and it'll do
0 to 60 in 1.9 seconds
two hundred kilowatt hour battery but
like none of that is physically possible
yeah nine that's gotta be one of the
fastest cars on the road I mean what's
better than that that would be the
fastest production car ever by like 20%
if you do get that car please drive very
safely because that is yes that is very
dangerous that is not so I have a lot of
I'll definitely do a video if it's just
like a bring all I'll have you guys like
sit in the passenger seat and like I
think that's gonna be hilarious but uh
yeah I'm
have to holster some some crazy moves
you really didn't that car is gonna be
sick what's the price tag on in the mold
price tag so there's the the base the
base model why even have a baseball at
that point the weird thing is the base
model does 0-60 in 1.9 and he didn't say
what the optioned up version will them
options just like a static just put
swings right on the side just flies over
traffic yeah it's so that yeah it's
50/50 grand deposit and then 150 grand
at the delivery for the base model and
then there's the founders it probably
sounds weird to say this but that seems
like a reasonable price for what you get
uh yeah when you compare it on paper to
other stories that everyone else oh well
it merely keeps up with a Bugatti but a
Bugatti is two million dollars for
Bugatti about it the fastest 0-60 that
was pretty soft
um the fastest here is six is if you
look it up on Wikipedia it's like the
Porsche 918 spyder the laferrari at the
Bugatti all those cars are 1.8 million
dollars plus right so you dollar car so
if you're competing that's the end
that's the thing is like people will
compare it against that like well you
know it'll catch it in like the quarter
mile sure well no this one holds it up
in a point eight seconds like oh well at
least you have a trunk in this one well
this one also has a trunk like every
time you try to compare it to the best
car and some other let's see if we can
do it I'm excited I'm it's not
everything they showed on stage is still
great it's alright it's about time for
our first commercial break guys we have
got so much more jerking off to do about
