welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
thank you to our sponsors today stitch
fix min Squarespace and Bolin branch
today we have Bobbie Lee the hilarious
and infamous pants [ __ ] Bobbie Lee
the comedian and community and comedian
and shooter he was on MADtv
he has a podcast that he slams and he's
just saw all around funny cool dude but
today before we get into that he's gonna
be joining us later I was feeling like
it's time to try a new format on the
podcast here because we've had like a
ton of interviews in a row and while I
and I love interviewing and spending
time with guests I feel like kind of the
heart and soul of the podcast should be
me complaining and hila listening and I
thought there hasn't been enough of me
complaining Andy listening losing it
and so I'm losing it and so what we were
thinking is that the first 30 minutes to
45 minutes should be me Neela talking
about what's going on talking about
what's bothering me what's not going on
and what's going in all right or out at
the same time you know there's lots of
twists and turns there's no coffee
there's no water on the table now I'm a
straight up diva okay I'm a pate I'm a
diva but I'm also a patient in forgiving
man okay and I can only I can only
tolerate so many what did I do to
reserve to deserve this disrespect
there's no glass of water on the table
we've got I would like a glass of water
though we need 30 minutes for no respect
got like a full staff of people back
here we get a glass of water
what are you looking at shredder anyway
what was I saying
I don't hear water pouring it's on its
way so we thought it would be we should
we should have our own thing you know
it's a we should take the time to talk
and see what's going on because there's
all kinds of stuff I want to talk about
so let's just get let's just get right
thank you Dan oh that's not Dan that's
in you guys beards are a melding into
one identity so first of all so yeah
Bobbie Lee will be here in about 30
minutes looking forward to that our okay
so we had a live show last month at the
improv with post Malone and it was it
was a ton of fun it was so much fun it
was exhilarating so incredible yeah like
so there was 200 seats there and the
thing about the improv is like there's
no real green room or backstage so you
have to walk through the crowd to get
there and when we walked through
everyone was just like so freaking
supportive and high-energy
it was incredible you walk out it's like
embarrassing in a way right you know
what I mean yeah cuz it's like
everyone's like so how you want to you
and it's like me so our first show was a
total blast our next live show is this
month on the 26th at the Ace theater
downtown LA the tickets are on sale you
can spam it
can you guys spam it and we'll also put
it in the description of YouTube but
this one's a 1,700 seater at the ACE
theater I am terrified I'm terrified
1,700 seats and I thought I could barely
talk more than like normally I can
barely talk right more than normal I
think you're being hard on yourself no
but I did find it interesting that so
Austin was like he was telling us that
he was super nervous and he's played
shows way bigger than that but I guess
it's it's different cuz he just goes
many things and he does something that's
really comfortable and used to doing but
going up in front of an audience like
talking and [ __ ] as a whole it's a whole
different I guess skills yeah so he said
he was super nervous up there which I
thought was cute
we were all so nervous raw I was
purified before I have to even talk
about this no I don't think we did see
that's the problem with this show what's
the point of the podcast if I can't even
talk about like that whole experience so
I was so I was just [ __ ] myself
backstage as we were waiting and then
Austin came like two minutes before we
were it was late and we're waiting in
the stairwell and of course he's always
on time it's the coolest guy he comes
cruising up the stairs and we barely
have enough time to snap a photo but I'm
just like I don't know how to describe
that feeling it's just yeah it's it's
excitement and nervousness and all kinds
of nuts there's like no words exactly
yeah I don't know so I'm wondering but
the thing about The Improv is that it's
so intimate there that you can like see
everybody's face
like the first row we're pretty much
like they're sitting right but I think
at the ACE you're not going to
necessarily see everybody in there so in
a weird way I expect it to be less
stressful in that you don't feel like
you're entertaining like people are like
staring at you waiting for to be
entertained in a way you know yeah
you're like when is the joke coming
exactly you're just staring almost until
like a black void because the lights are
so bright you can't really see anything
so that's really exciting I'm super
pumped and what the plan is that we want
to do it every month
and I think what we want to do is that
at the 8th every month like a residency
so we'll do it at the our last show of
every month at the ACE and we'll put our
tickets on sale for the whole year
probably next month after we see how
this one goes if I don't tank if I don't
bomb completely what's the worst-case
scenario like what would be the worst
bomb what if I just walked out and broke
my leg that's what they say brick you're
like what
I just tripped and broke my leg that
won't be that bad code it's not your
fault it's almost like thank you
goodnight no refund that actually
happened I saw a conference at Blizzcon
they had this is the funny [ __ ] in can
you try to find that or someone back
there at Blizzcon they have a costume
competition and everyone comes out in
their costumes and someone literally
came out and broke their leg it had to
be carried off the stage and I know it
sounds tragic but it was hilarious
can you find it in meanwhile I wanted to
talk about our last video Ethan's closet
because coroner Ethan says yeah that's
how much I care about it it had everyone
so polarized it was it was a shitty
video I mean I knew that it was just a
goof right it's funny we actually had
people unsubscribing like a lot from
that video it doesn't really bother me I
just find it funny that like years of
posting content and then all of a sudden
they're like nope maybe they had it
maybe that was it you know what Ethan
I've had enough with your videos because
the was this is it goodbye forever
you couldn't find forever here's the
video by the way this is important this
is more important than whatever I'm
talking about oh yeah this is definitely
it good it to get you guys are not this
is this is this is what's gonna happen
to me I can't wait he like immediately
just Oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
get it Daniel you shouldn't laugh but I
yeah he pretty much he sprained his
ankle or really he's [ __ ] up
he won't even attempt to stand up he's
just like you know what I'm done someone
carry my heads up and that's what
happens it's a huge security guy scary
though bro you you have one good leg
just stand up and hop off God Christ
she's also super nervous it's the most
but you yeah okay but I mean you've got
adrenaline just cop hobble off crawl off
stage if you have to just get on just
crawl out you're in the trenches man
those shells fall out
[Laughter]
look at this all these guys come on
carriers as out look at this they
grabbed him by the this is too good
have you ever seen this batter sight in
your life he's grabbing his broken ankle
[Applause]
[Laughter]
there's this moment here of like a face
that you'll never forget that moment
here it is
Oh makeup doesn't help so that's the
worst case scenario very much
I can relate last night I fell oh yeah
in our stairs yeah we moved into a new
house Hertz it's got pretty steep stairs
it was when I was just standing there
and he was coming down the stairs
language shredder it's dangerous and
Healy just ate [ __ ] like she just
skipped the last stair here and it
looked weird cuz it looked almost like
she meant to do it but nothing hit hard
she tumbled she timbered right there
remember anyway so I can't really who
can relate okay you can so anyway the
last video was a real ship post and a
lot of people were upset some people
liked it some people didn't which is
fine I I tried to tell you guys I was
gonna post shitty videos did I not say
that and everyone remember when we were
like oh I've been depressed oh I've been
depressed it took a little while from
that moment yeah I should have followed
it up with this but you know I just felt
like posting a video I didn't care about
what it was it wasn't you know but
anyway this mean was really funny on the
sub right I love this this family man
the new HTC reach video was [ __ ] it's
the return of classic h3 it's forced and
full of half-baked jokes and builds up
to absolutely nothing
he is alerting people on the Facebook
privacy scam was maintaining a good
balance between information and shed
posting all he did was say Facebook and
AIDS 50 times can it be both I feel like
it can be both I feel like the truth is
somewhere in the middle I don't know
what is this from its it's from pawn or
these are the it's called a West Coast
Choppers are the West Coast boys I love
that just he's throwing it like a really
capture yeah the feeling of those coins
right like exactly exactly anyway guys
we just posted a new video that I'm I'm
happy with it I like it
we're trying to get back into the swing
of it
you know that's two videos the longer
you don't post it gets harder to get
back to it right so we're just trying to
break that that's what it was and
there's like a wall seal yeah and that's
what that video Ethan's corner was cuz
you just okay you make a video it's not
as good as you want maybe it's you don't
think it's good at all but at a certain
point you just got to post it and move
on you just because then what you don't
post it and then you get even more
depressed and then you try to make
another video game order I am at the
point where I just want to post it and
move on because I feel like I need to be
creative I need to be just moving
forward all the time because lately I've
been so depressed and so stuck and so
just like stuck in the same thoughts in
the same head in the same space and I
just I feel like I need to slam through
that yeah blast through all that and
like not working slash posting videos
they go together not doing that gets
more depressing you'd you lose like your
purpose what are we doing here alright
what and we've been putting too much
well stuff that we've been putting too
much emphasis on the podcast
it's just that it's become the only
thing yeah and and and maybe I was
almost just overcome compensating for
the fact we're making I don't know
but we need to find a balance because I
was thinking back like to a year-plus
ago when we were posting like two or
three videos a week and for me that was
it really it was really cool it was a
good time for me because I was always
creating something new I was being
creative and I was just expressing
myself more authentically than always
trying to I don't know whatever
I've been dude I've been I've got I I'm
gonna be real I have a bottle of
antidepressants and next to my bed and I
take it out and I stare at it and I
think last night I was like having a
breakdown this [ __ ] like there's this
Amazon [ __ ] like we had these guys
install tea
and there's such buffoons these guys are
such meatheads they install it so close
to the [ __ ] wall you can't plug
anything in now and now it's installed
on a mount so I've got this Amazon stick
so I want to watch YouTube or whatever
and I'm trying to plug it in and I can
feel the socket every I have to rip the
TV off the wall and jam my hand up back
there and I was like almost bleeding my
hand and I I could feel the socket and
it was just about to go and but it
wouldn't go in
okay and I was at this for like an hour
I was like OCD obsessed I was losing my
mind
I felt like I was aware of how insane I
was acting but I couldn't stop it was so
[ __ ] close to get in the hole and all
the time I know that I'm such a lunatic
but I can't stop trying to get and I was
like dude this I'm so [ __ ] twisted
evil is coming in because I'm screaming
like a lunatic and she's like she's like
what's wrong with you I'm like I don't
know she's like that's not normal is
like I know dude but I gotta get the
damn stick in the hole you know it's
like this little thing which I became
obsessed with it was just manic so I
just stopped eventually and but I've
been like she's been I just felt like
I'm being crazy lately I got this bottle
of antidepressants next to my bed I'm
like like it's I think it's time but
then I realized I never actually put in
the work and taking antidepressants is
like it's either the easy way out or you
already tried everything and so you
should take it because there's no reason
to suffer but I'm like this is the easy
escape because I there's a direct
correlation between me being fat and
lazy and not taking care of myself and
me being depressed and like I'm I'm on
an upward trajectory right now and I'm
like I can't take these if I'm not
exercising if I'm not eating right I'm
not treating myself well it's all
connected yeah there's a direct
correlation between all that [ __ ] so I
don't know I've been I've been that was
a couple days ago I've been exercising
I've been trying to eat better cuz I'm
not you know
you got to put in the work yourself to
fix yourself before you take well that
would be just a shortcut some people
need antidepressants but I don't know if
I do because I haven't actually tried to
help myself yet enough to warrant it so
I'm just like I got to do something
so I'm trying I'm trying this is all
part of the same thing I'm trying to
trying to exercise I'm trying to treat
myself better trying to just post videos
be more creative in that way man though
dude I'm gonna get that [ __ ] stick in
that hole I swear to God that stick is
going in that hole can we take off the
TV I tried dude I was like I was pulling
the string I was like it's a big TV too
and I was always yeah we can take it off
there's a easy way to do it
but it just seemed it was like it was so
sick it felt like a biblical like
metaphor because it was within reach and
it was totally doable you just slide
your hand up and it's just a little
awkward and it's like you know what I
mean it's like get in the hole I was
literally yelling and I'm just like it's
doable that was the hardest part but I
just couldn't get it in I know there's
meaning somewhere in there I don't know
where it is I know it's a yeah yeah well
join the club
what else some will lunatic went to
YouTube and try to kill everybody there
you know when that news broke that there
was a shooting at YouTube here's this
[ __ ] want to show you guys this but
let me talk about this a little bit when
I heard there was a shooting active
shooter there the first thought I had
was like please God don't let this be
some disgruntled loser youtuber I was
like please the world is not that we
haven't gone that low have we
and then at first they said it was a
girlfriend who shot her boyfriend or
whatever and I was like great I was like
okay thank God well weird that it
happened at YouTube yeah but then it was
no is just even started that rumor I
have no idea is that strange
yeah well and besides that I have I know
people who work there but I have one
really close friend some of them
actually care about who works there and
I was like I was so worried because
there was no anything yeah and you
didn't know how bad it was and I texted
him and he didn't he didn't answer me
right away so I was like I was concerned
and not only that but you care on the
level that you know it's a traumatic
event for them hmm and you know that
things aren't gonna be the same now at
YouTube and Twitter and Facebook and all
these people do like you know it's
almost like it's not the same anymore
because now the seals been broken and
all of a sudden someone who's angry at
how you treated I was gonna come try to
murder you but anyway this lunatic
she was just thought that YouTube was
suppressing her views but honestly her
videos just suck and they're weird which
is the case in most of the time I have
to say if your fellow youtuber listening
this and you think that there's a giant
conspiracy to to reduce your views that
could be right to an extent but for the
most part if you're not getting abused
it's probably because your videos suck
and your fans are tired of your [ __ ]
that's way more likely that's probably
75% of it at least and in her case it's
like yeah there's no conspiracy your
shits weird
I heard sometimes that happens it
doesn't even matter right that's not
even sure even if they did I guess I'm
just addressing her point that it's like
people are entitled to be like well
anyway it doesn't matter you're right
but my friend who works there was saying
like that
that uh she was she had a handgun and
luckily shouldn't have something more
dangerous or more deadly with more
rounds but he said there was like a busy
lunch area where everyone was eating and
she came up and just started shooting
people randomly but she was firing into
a glass door lunch so he was saying if
she actually was was trying to trying to
hit more people there could have been a
lot it could have been a lot worse
I don't know what's going on the weird
thing too is the police saw her found
her in her car up near YouTube studios
because her dad called the police and
was like my daughter or maybe her
brother family member my daughter or
family member is super angry at YouTube
and she's dangerous
really yeah he said they said I think
she's gonna do something and so the
police found her sleeping in her car and
they let her go
what because well the police said she
was fine she wasn't she didn't seem
dangerous but I don't know it's like
it's the same [ __ ] that happened with
this recent school shooting it's like
every every sign was like this kid is
dangerous he's deranged let's keep an
eye on him you know I'm glad that that
it wasn't worse don't say that
another thing that really was insane
about this whole thing was all the
comments everywhere
yeah everyone she said what happened
yeah like Oh YouTube deserved it that
was obvious I knew it was coming and I
was just like but I saw so many and then
upwards do ya cuz everybody's got to be
edgy little everyone's so edgy and no
