welcome everybody to another episode of
the h3 podcast a lie what up
today's episode is sponsored by the
elderscrolls legends quip and Teddy
fresh oh wow but that's us that's us my
friends we have for you today planned a
cringe miss miracle and by miracle I
mean disaster arrangements cringe miss I
mean take from that what you will
we were scheduled to have Tommy Wiseau
today and unfortunately due to
scheduling or whatever happens in
people's lives you could not make it but
it was serendipitous so I say that right
serendipitous I don't know I'm missing
an accent there it was serendipitous
anyway because we were planning this
huge h3 video about Jake and Logan
Paul's merch machine the church of merch
oh my god I have the culture sure I
forgot to wear it right it's okay I can
channel it spiritually we were planning
on HD to make this huge Logan and Jake
Paul video because the way that they
plugged their merch has evolved before
like during the the everyday bro period
when they first exact I won when they
first started it was cheeky it was cute
like hey God Church merch weak wink buy
my merch but it's actually transformed
into something a little bit more
nefarious a little bit more dark and
manipulative predatory even in my in my
opinion and since the Christmas season
came it was such a big season for them
the way that they marketed it was really
something to behold so I was putting
together chronology and all the ways
that they marketing their merch recently
but we're leaving on the 31st to go
visit Ella's family in Israel and we
just don't have the time to do it so I
we put together all this content all
these videos and we said hey this this
will work in the podcast format anyway
so today
we have for you a an extravaganza a
study this kept put your cringe suits on
but it's more than that there's
something interesting here that I think
is worth taking a closer look at so
that's what we're up to today
now this like I was saying just to touch
on something really brief this is the
last episode of season one I like to
call it season two we're coming back on
what day would come back the 19th I
think of January we'll be back and I'm
and I'm really seriously toying with the
idea of coming back strong season 2
thinking about maybe doing five shows a
week bring on a writer
why get serious as hell what I would
love what I would love and I'm again I'm
not this isn't final I'm just toying
with the idea maybe you guys can bounce
some ideas but like keep the interview
once a week on Friday I then have like
30 minute episodes every other day of
the week where we tackle some topic
every day something that's come up with
in this case we're talking about this
merch machine I think one day a week
should be about shredder one day put on
shredder Karen please okay so yeah we've
maybe five all five days about shredder
yeah
you lose obsessed for sure how are you
gonna live without shredder for eight
days nine days ten days anyway so let's
begin this is gonna be interesting for
me so you guys know Jake and Logan Paul
as the cringy child entertainer
goofballs that they've been they've
they've owned this year on YouTube and
I'm not I can't mince words and I can't
deny them any credit those guys hustle
they work hard they shredded they shred
they're savages by the way they also
ruin everything I love well I don't say
I love savages but they they ruin things
Savage you can't use that
word anyone dabbing I think Logan Paul
single-handedly killed daddy daddy was
like cool for a minute like rappers were
dabbing and now all the sudden Logan's
like oh I'm gonna I'm gonna have all my
eight-year-old white kids dabbing and
they're like double dad you just see him
on video he said this is still funny is
it lit hey I saw that in the chat lit he
ruined he ruined Gucci yeah
Logan's walking around in Gucci and it's
like bro you you if I was good she I
wouldn't I would make it a policy Tesla
it's not just him but they killed Tesla
as well I have I mean he'll I got a
Tesla I'm thinking about returning it
but it's not just him every it seems
like it's the YouTube dish doucher car
these days I'm gonna buy a Tesla I
bought it because I care about electric
vehicles I wanted to help
Elon in his mission to protect humanity
I'm returning it I'm returning all my
sisters with savage on it to which you
have zero oh I had a ton of savage stuff
before if I was saying if I was gay I
would make it a policy not to sell to
them what do you mean that's kind of
know that we would probably fall in that
same category I don't that's why we met
that's why we're like Gucci clothing I
think it's cool but we're like don't
what would they say we don't sell it to
youtubers fine whatever just whatever
whatever it takes man just get it off
him all right but so not that anyone can
even afford that's it yeah it's like
come on he's walking around in one of
these videos with like a ten thousand
dollar Gucci like denim jacket I love
their clothing it's ridiculously priced
but I admire what they're doing it's
really cool
take it off bro you ruined the brand you
just did millions of all these rappers
there they're returning the Gooch I have
a tracksuit you guys saw it from the
vapenation
and 150 battery ma'am I burned it but
something's changed something has
changed they used to be cheeky and cute
about selling merch and what I think has
happened is that they're so competitive
with each other and they share the same
fans that they're having like the
psychological warfare they're each being
forced to ramp up how aggressively they
sell merch to top the other one because
they're there competing for the same
audience the same kids and they're all
have this identity crisis of I'm reject
Paul or I'm a SAP I'm a maverick Logan
Logan so they're stepping it up
possibly unconsciously in a way and it's
come to the point where they're
basically telling kids throw out the
[ __ ] your parents bought you and I'm not
making something yeah and one of the
videos will watch logan paul says throw
out whatever [ __ ] santé aka your parents
bought you and pick up this maverick
merch and the more maverick mercs you
have is how much my love increases for
you it's like it reminds me of this some
show I love Nathan for you he has this
bit where he has he's trying to market
this toy and if you don't know the
premise of the show he does these really
ridiculous unpractical solutions
offensive in some ways and he's got this
toy that won't sell so he has all these
kids in at a table about eight same
[ __ ] ages these guys as fans and he's
like so this toy everyone who doesn't
have this toy is a baby the only way
that you can be a big boy is if you have
this toy and so he gives it one to one
to everyone except one kid he's like do
you feel like a baby you're a baby right
now do you want this toy and the kids
like yeah that's what they're doing gosh
they're like and another thing before we
get into the videos that I want you guys
to focus on there they become like
YouTube mobsters they started to churn
out these music videos and the point of
a music video is usually to entertain to
provide a song and a dance right but
what they're doing is
these these are essentially more
commercial and to sell their March than
it is to entertain and so they're doing
a kind of like a double a double take
like you show up to the storefront
pretending that they're selling a jeans
once you you know blow out the candles
and close the blinds and when mommy's
not in the room it's crack it's not an
actual crack it's metaphorical crack
which is much scarier you'll see what I
mean it's it's all about their merch and
there's almost no content left and the
craziest part is at the end of these
songs they still go by this song on
iTunes it's like buying a Taco Bell
jingle for some [ __ ] on iTunes
it's like demolition man if you guys
have seen that so let's just you know
and let me just say also there's nothing
wrong with merchandise I mean especially
in these days a merchandise is the
lifeblood of a lot of youtubers it's
huge for us particularly and a lot of
other people but when it becomes the
entire body of your work and the soul of
everything you do it becomes strange and
especially when you're selling it to
kids who don't have their own money and
you're saying [ __ ] like tell your mom
like I'm this is a lyric you wanna tell
your mom buy everything in my store and
throw out throw out your other [ __ ] it's
good it crosses into Scientology like
levels of weird cultish vibes so it mic
thesis here is that there's some brain
there's some legitimate brainwashing
going on
it's very predatory on these kids and
they're selling like garbage there's
this one I want to show you I don't want
to ruin the surprise but some of this
merch will just drop your jaw so let's
start I've got a game plan here let's
see how far they've strayed from God's
light or as Jake Paul would say from God
church's light it's been a while since
we have goofed on the old blind boy
Logan Paul so let's start there this is
around six months ago
same time that everyday bro blew up and
I think I've been around that time
everybody started understanding that you
turn out these music videos and it's
like this insane
easy to produce money machine because
they sell the song they plugged the
merch and it's like this whole thing it
is crazy they get so many views every
day bro what are the views on that let
me know that was that was a bit of a
phenomenon but a lot of them I remember
that was like on the top charts on
iTunes too but this video has 160
million that's crazy
yeah I mean that that's pop star numbers
yeah so I don't know let's let's start
with here you guys know that one so I'm
not gonna bother showing that to you
this one is special to me called Logan
is my hero let's pull this up this has
42 Mille Miglia I'm not gonna make fun
of this kid he's a sweet-ass kid I don't
want to say anything bad about this poor
there's sweet beautiful wonderful child
he's sweet and I love him to bits right
EULA so I'm gonna cut out this whole I
don't understand that I haven't done the
research maybe I'm missing something but
why does why does Logan look like a
[ __ ] lesbian in the shot but what is
going on with this look bro why do you
look like Ellen's cousin why do you look
like your own mother it's weird
but anyway that's I guess that's uh so
this this can't made a video about how
hey Logan you're my hero god bless
I want to they're always Melbourne merch
you don't have a focus music video of 27
feet okay so this kid made a music video
about Logan hey you're my hero and he's
like this is cool I'm gonna fly him out
and make a music video together okay so
this is the result and this is from six
months ago this is before this is when
there was still a flicker of light in
his eyes he's getting completely fallen
into the chasm the black death chasm
from like the newest Star Wars movie mmm
the Dark Side chasm that's where he's
fallen into no it's a fact that everyone
has a hero yeah yeah and sometimes when
you're tickled just the right way you
gotta make a dumb ass song about it fact
so this is that dumb ass song that will
fact and guess what the fact I'm feeling
tickled yeah yeah I saw this video
saying though before we get deep into
this it's also worth remembering that
all the life he wrote this song cuz
there's a lot of dick sucking of him
being like you're the wisest you're the
coolest and he's like really you think
so it's like yeah but you wrote this
line about yourself Hogan you're my hero
saying I'm the man like I'm some type of
Robert De Niro I don't know why though
this kid looks like he's shy though but
he talked that track like a gosh
dreamz why they so obsessed with that
amazing oh my gosh I missed that I
missed that
I'm so sorry I interrupted this
incredible my favorite the joke that I
was hanging out with posts and his
brother Jordan and Jordan had a really
funny observation he's like Logan is
like the stereotypical white rapper that
everyone makes fun of who's like hi my
name is Logan and I'm here to say buy my
merch or else you're gay which is
essentially what this song blows down to
that's amazing that's amazing
was that good should I put on paper so
write that down down write that down
with you copy
okay bro
oh he green screens out the pool and
puts in Martin Luther King jr. can you
think of a more tasteless thing like but
here take the whole thing and as a body
but I'm not saying that he's not are you
not saying that he's not Martin Luther
King because that kid is not Martin
Luther King empirically so and then look
like bro poor MLK can't rest in peace
they green-screen his ass in the [ __ ]
back of the stare with his ass like
grinning it's disturbing also and okay
it's just like the weirdest comparison
ever this is probably the anything you
can go
I was relevant to this kid's life look
at this okay
so funny I'm not saying that it is but
I'm not saying that he isn't I think
it's not what are you saying he might
yeah what do you say you're you're
essentially saying that you're not
saying anything I'm not saying just drop
my Martin Martin's name and okay let's
try and get some street cred here dude
is Martin Luther King he's gonna KITT
you know he's gonna do he's gonna ruin
Martin Luther King for everybody we have
to erase him from the history books I
think the next one is also yeah he's
gonna start selling merch with MLK face
on it
maybe you're the next MLK be a maverick
a maverick he would have been if he was
alive today
I don't know now who are you to say that
this kid I am okay only the cold yeah I
just think the comparison to MLK and
Kanye is just double bizarre double fact
double dab double bizarre okay who are
you to say that this kid ain't MLK or
even Kanye by the way notice how they
they key in [ __ ] here's MLK
delivering his speech for Logan Paul to
sell merch okay yeah they put his ass in
the back Phil can you even tell her what
is that it's the most tasteless [ __ ]
I've ever seen in my life
this kid doesn't do anything either look
at him just he's like cool I can't I
don't say I'm not making fun of the kid
he's a sweetheart
I love
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
just remember you wrote this okay I'm
sorry I don't mean Ciro people [ __ ] I
don't know the people need heroes and I
don't know that they need to make songs
with the heroes it's weird it's a little
creepy you worship me I worship this guy
he writes in the lyrics you worship me
I'm your hero
the insinuation that he would ever
answer his phone if this could have
called him and cracked me up as if he's
got like a giant presidential phone that
plugs him right through you know he gets
text from him and he's just like ignore
I'm sorry dude
hit me up hit me up if you ever need
advice that's where it gets like
tasteless and this is six months ago so
he still has some soul left but it's
like alarmingly tasteless because he's
making this wholesome song with this kid
and I also wouldn't criticize it if it
wasn't for the mirch undertones
he's making this wholesome song
celebrating this kid he flew him out but
then all of a sudden his this kid is an
accessory he becomes like a pawn an
actor and then someone's like the fact
that is Wade this kid is using it as a
shield like you can't criticize him
because he made a nice act exam thinking
like he's probably gonna look at us like
oh look at them how dare you make fun of
me I did this wonderful thing for this
kid who could ever talk [ __ ] about me
this was a wonderful thing but he's
using this kid as an actor he's using
him in an advertisement and he's saying
okay now at this point of the movie the
video I'm gonna hand you this mervich
maverick sweater and you're gonna seem
super happy
what's his cut on that by the way does
he have any back does he owe me
royalties on this commercial but yeah
he's using he's using the kid and it
becomes less wholesome and and it's very
very tasteless this whole link in the
box but here it's really it's not that
bad yet we want to show this as where
things started right it's a it's a
little tasteless it's a it's a little
tasteless
right there's part where it's just like
part of the bit is him saying merch in
the background it gets bad it gets so
much worse than this but this is just a
chronology the goodbye everybody needs
someone to idolize
everybody needs someone to idolize I
think that's pretty unhealthy suggestion
I don't think that idolizing anyone is a
healthy all right and as someone's Idol
I don't think you need to fly them out
and write them lyrics of young kids or
basically on his knees worshipping you
as his hero yeah he's like you idolize
me that's great let me love that about
you
yeah capable doing that I don't know
anything about you but you idolize me
apparently all right listen you got a
full pizza there you're sharing the
slice what the why whatever we don't
need to the kids worse
why are you sure to slice
yeah so there's 30 love that there's a
lot to chew on here so this is when it
gets into kind of the brainwashing and I
know you might think I'm getting
ridiculous but but listen to how
ridiculous this is
and okay the fact that in his mind when
they're producing this song he has the
presence of mind to just throw in and he
does this throughout the song emerge
it's Bray I think it's brainwashing I
really do merge and like just you know
it happens several times throughout and
it's kind of hard to catch so it's
pretty it's pretty weird
but there's also something here I wanted
to comment on as well what are they
planning
how many 72 virgins in paradise are you
stopping crime or committing it hang
with virgins and paradise that's not
appropriate merch with a kid yeah let's
go hang with the cuties in Paris
let's go spit roast some cuties together
it's a little inappropriate but it's
insinuated merge merge you want to go
tag that was Judi I think we can move on
to the other stuff that was like the
under part Oh ela there's come on you're
gonna deprive everyone wanna finishing
this I'm trying to save people no this
is come on
[Music]
my man is a savage I can see it in his
eyes
you're really wise oh okay
he wrote this yeah Logan
you really wise also true double effect
merge merge merge merge merge merge okay
