welcome everybody to another episode of
the h3 podcast today's episode is
sponsored by jigsaw out in theaters
today October 27th hellofresh quick
stitch fix men and twich prime
subscribers like you'll love you now
listen we have got a really special
guest honestly that's why I'm in this
out there I had to basically dawn my
alter ego to prepare myself to to match
this guy he's powerful he's gray and
frankly I'm intimidated so I needed a
dawn this outfit okay now before we
introduce our guest I just want to say a
couple things
Jordan Peterson is coming on next week
on Thursday November 2nd you can post
questions for him on the subreddit that
thread is now up and for future updates
on the h3 podcast follow us on Twitter
at the h3 podcast that includes time
changes and all that business
so listen introducing our next guest the
doctor the doc doctor disrespect the
two-time world champion 1993 and 1994
those were huge years in gaming
competition has has honestly been off
since that year I just threw my phone it
was making sound it displeased me you
see this he's he's the most ruthless
competitor and the online gaming
community less notably however he's also
a twitch streamer that has exploded in
popularity frankly he's captivated my
heart mine with his violent speed
athleticism and momentum when he first
wife started watching him stream he
would joke that he was 6 foot 8 with a
37 inch vertical leap but seeing him he
is actually 30 and it's [ __ ]
terrifying what else was he telling the
truth about I want this but in actuality
I do think
that he is someone who has elevated the
genre of streaming like until now I have
been experienced a twitch streamer who's
done quite what he's done on Twitch
which turned it more into a performance
part but also being a pro gamer he's
someone who I respect and appreciate and
I am also going to take him out because
I'm the 3-time and I'm the prof and I'm
here to prof eyes the end of the dock
Dan bring this coward in bring this
coward in look at this coward look at
this coward have a seat
because I'm the three times three time
at what three-time world champion lawyer
97 98 99 you don't know me I'm the to
drop of the two-time yeah I'm the
three-time dude yeah minecraft casual
gaming okay
first of all I have a castle on
minecraft if my bullies didn't come into
my server and tear it down you would
have been aw I replicated the TNG
Enterprise in Minecraft and you're gonna
[ __ ] on that that's why they call me the
three times I did bring you some
collector item t-shirts I'll take it
okay I don't like that girl take a look
at this take a look at it frankly I
can't see you I'm gonna put these down
you can't see we got here that's an
eagle flying into another dream into
another world there's a lot of levels
there's depth there okay the same one
anyway
have a seat please absolutely thanks for
joining us just a little bit of me I do
appreciate that by the way I didn't mean
to disrespect you by throwing that
welcome people you sat in this chair
last no I
that's where that's where we have I said
that for all of our guests this is a
professional set up yeah this is where
we do it I'm impressed
thank you so listen that's what I was
saying like when I what first watched
your stream you were like I've got I'm
6-8 right I'm like oh this guy's a
[ __ ] comedian right like ooh six
eight and not now that I see that you're
six eight I'm like what else wasn't he
kidding about the steroid needles that I
plan in my thighs every single day
before I go live not a joke not a joke
37 inch vertical leap not a joke 1990
Lamborghini Diablo VT parked in my
garage people say why don't you ever
take it out why'd you do a V log because
it's a collector's item
right like I'm not gonna put too many
miles on it sure so you're never gonna
see it yeah I can keep going on and on
and on but you know everything is
authentic sure well I had an idea I want
to do you are you up for cuz I wanted to
actually gauge your vertical leap we
have a camera out there really yeah I do
I need I might stretch I might need to
stretch out okay okay can we go out
there and do this yeah we could dynamic
stretching
I know yes yes welcome to the three-time
world jumping vertical champion whoa got
kicks all over the place so we are here
with the doc doctor disrespect we are
putting that 72 inch vertical leap to
the test 37 inch vertical 72 inches I
want I want you you watch one punch man
there's this one scene where he jumps to
the top of the gymnasium and his head
goes through and his body's dangling
from the bottom so that's know that's
what I'd like to see okay yeah all right
let's see yeah let's see I don't have a
receding hairline it's just I hold on a
second hold on there we go we're still
looking good right I mean I was like
yeah no I think we're good we got it we
got it we got it
can we get some round applause everybody
yeah every everything he says is real my
friends it's all real okay let's head
back to the let's let's get back to the
table this is let's go
wow that was exhilarating alright well
here haha man alright thank you so much
for that display of athleticism
absolutely felt good I'm exhilarated I
wish this was a gin and tonic
we have we couldn't have listened how do
you play with these with glasses on all
day I just closed my eyes yes it's
nonsense yeah it's just uh it's all
sensory it's all audio sensory right and
then sometimes when I do open my eyes
guess what I'm gonna top two in
situation let me go ahead and try and
win this game
right bigger but uh that is a common
question that I get all the time and I
had a fight you know this is be
straight-up honest I can't see [ __ ] okay
but but Google is working on some new
prototype scopes with built-in LCD LED
1080p d3 Sony technology don't go into
it right upgraded edition what you're
looking at is a little screen yeah it
just it projects what's outside exactly
it seems a little counterintuitive but
hey it's Google yeah and between you and
I aim assist you're under like Robocop
speed hacks and stuff like that yes cool
listen do you hate this question do you
guys do you have tall guy problems
what have tall guy problems cuz you're
probably one of the tallest people I've
ever met
yeah what and like yeah tall guy
problems is a real thing right it is it
is I mean I sat in Ferraris can't fit in
them I've sat in Bugattis cannot fit in
them okay I mean this is you know
problems right mhm and for whatever
reason the Lamborghini Diablo VT was the
one and ever since then you know the
it's just little low-hanging fruit shoe
sizes shirt sizes etc but when you were
at let ik mock turtle necks like me yeah
you know spandex material stretchy not a
problem right right right
okay fair enough yeah I don't have any
of those problems but that's good to
know that you did you've sorted them I
love the headband thank you so much
the gloves I do not like yeah just kind
of improvise okay it says crunch time
though it's kind of inspiring right have
you ever thrown a football yeah a couple
of times my old man okay you play
football you're an athlete right I'm an
athlete what do you I mean I'm an out
some and literally God's gift to gaming
and right one of those features is
athleticism okay
75 yards easy throw barrel 75 yards
that's like the whole thing that's
almost the whole field right yeah like
there's people that need to kickoff you
know like I just throw the football
right yeah wow that's really cool that
you're not that you just decided to play
games and not play that professionally
yeah the money's where the games are at
right the money's on twitch money's on
twitch yeah not manifold not in a felony
yeah those guys are sorely underpaid
big-time well first of all before we get
too deep into the Nitty Gritty I want to
wish you a happy October 27th because
today you are not realize it's kind of a
special day you've got then happy
birthday no no no other things but I
like where your head's at okay your
predictive that's what makes a good
gamer okay
not that though I was gonna say the new
Mario comes out today comes out today
they say that right feel like I did a
stroke but it sound I'm good right
you're fine okay Mario the new Mario
comes out today the new stranger things
season 2 comes out today and the iPhone
X all come out today my question which
one are you most excited for I'm gonna
have to go with stranger things
interesting simply because the
soundtrack always played on the stream
that's true that new retro wave you know
right you're bringing me there you know
I I mean we could have gone deeper with
I feel like you should I feel like I'm
sad that you stopped there I yeah we
gotta get Dan can we get a recording of
this and put it in the mixer and we just
we can make do some work with that okay
why aren't you or did you work on the
soundtrack I did until I did it's just
one yeah it's coming soon it's Calvin's
LP yeah are you fan of the show you just
I am a fan of the season one
like season 1 I didn't like the fact
that I had to wait a full entire year
that's the that's what really sucks
about following because I'm a guy I
stream my shows I don't only until
recently did I have cable money right
that's a new thing for me yeah I'm doing
very well right yeah but waiting a whole
year is just uh how do people do it I
don't know and then when you get it a
year later you watch it in one day right
exactly
Wow that's wait another year that's one
of the things that Netflix does that I
hate and love both it's like yeah well
drop house of cards all in one day and
then you have nothing to live for it for
a whole year and thanks for doing that
yeah have you seen any other reviews on
it yet are they oh no I don't know it's
out right I think I can watch it this
evening oh okay I didn't know like no I
think what Dan are in is that available
to watch right now thank some people
have watched already ooh is it out right
now I'm all right you guys thanks for do
some research on reviews let's let us
know if we should be - I hate reviews
though but I I hate reading my views I
don't know anything about anything about
these people there well gosh started you
know the season one started off real hot
the episode wine is great they recast
this listen who are you okay right who
the hell are you
yeah do you have critics I have a lot of
critics yeah do they sound like that as
well and I'm not Susanna Ron tomato by
the way so what is it 94% oh good news
very good but what do you what are your
critics say about you I don't have any
critics everyone just agrees that I'm
the best yeah I mean like everyone just
agrees that I have the best shot in the
game that I'm in the sniper on
battlegrounds the game that I stream on
a daily basis like everyone just
believes and I'm the best looking
streamer on Twitch right really no
critics I don't know I think I'm kind of
perfect okay that's fair yeah that must
be nice well unlike unlike you stranger
things does have some critics apparently
6% of them who didn't like it but um
that first show was great wasn't it
yeah really surprised me Netflix has
come out with some powerful
powerful swings you got like spooky
alien ships and the trailer oh never
heard of it this is great give me a
tough interview the new what's that
movie that everyone loves but I'm
getting a heart I'm getting actually a
lot of criticism for my remarks
regarding it the Blade Runner yeah what
did you think about it I thought I
wasn't impressed tell me the truth
I wasn't impressed because it started
off like this Wow okay I'm into this I'm
diggin it and then it just went flatline
for me consistently all the way through
the movie
I got it we've been kind of keeping this
as a secret I'm afraid to express that's
what we anti I hate it yeah I you know
why I hate it when you see a movie like
that the promises so much yes the
successor to so much you expect great
things
and everybody's sucking its dick about
oh my god it's changed my life
I cried emotional revelation it was
boring
nothing happened dude I was promised
more mm-hmm I agree with you and thank
you for saying that
yeah the Twitter feed blew up and I
heard about it for weeks and weeks and
I'm thinking okay I'm going to the cine
appleís theater where you can grab three
or four gin and tonics and a steak
dinner right and sit in a recliner
leather recliner anywhere you want in
the theater and spend 30 $40 $50 on a
full night right and that's what I did
halfway through the movies right ah yeah
I wasn't impressed visually it was nice
okay yeah visually it was awesome but it
really just and then like it's weird
that people liked it so much because I
feel like in this day and age it's very
I'm I like artistic yes films but this
was artistic in a way that didn't do
anything for me mm-hmm I don't want to
give away the night seriously we have to
keep this a secret until now
this is the first time thanks for giving
me the confidence about that I
appreciate that a lot
means lots of man are you a Nicolas
Winding what's his name Nicolas Winding
ring he's a director of driver
Griffen we had an
Finn I think is Rhett driver yeah the
drive Oh everything yeah drive about
Halle rising
anyways very artistical what do you
think about the guy
awesome he's one of my favorite okay and
he has a very like that movie had a very
similar style to the way he directs but
I feel like it just wasn't pulled off at
that level right of artistical ability
right you know I don't want to give away
the twist of the film yeah yeah but I
didn't like it I thought it was a bunch
of BS and I'd like to explain that in
further detail but I have too much
respect for you guys at home but that
being said get out now listen you are
famous by the way you're not excited for
Mario can I go back to that Tindle I
mean listen I deal with high-level free
a person shooter high-skill open-world
interactive apocalyptic arenas where you
got to be the last guy alive and you
have to kill demolish every one that
gets rails and a hat that he throws that
frogs and becomes a fraud I want to talk
about competitive gaming the highest
level try getting into the body of a
Tyrannosaurus Rex as Mario as he saves
peach from literally being raped by a
giant [ __ ] lizard the stakes couldn't
be higher
okay I'll reconsider
okay Matt you put it that way I might
reconsider yeah yeah yeah yeah thank you
we're getting through there's a lot I
feel like we're having some real there's
a connection yeah except for that
haircut yeah I'm growing it out all
right ponytail or duck tail I was
thinking um what do you call these i
buddycall Hornitos
curly sideburns but they're not
sideburns they're right you said
pigtails would be up here that's what I
want that stuff right yeah that's done
you so you are famously the blockbuster
video game champion of 93 and 94 next
two times two times yeah not one year
and then sec six seven years later
back-to-back back-to-back consecutive so
can you tell us a little bit about those
two years how did you overcome it what
games were you victorious and bring me
back there sure absolutely obviously it
starts at a local local store right so
what kind of store was it just a local
blockbuster store and we're all we're
all good epics begin and just demolished
Sega Genesis all the way through to the
end second year it's when they actually
had location and a finish line my finish
line was marine world in front of the
killer whale exhibit that's where the
finals were played finish line the
finish line meeting at the end of the
tournament meaning that's the grand
stage the championship station yeah yeah
and so you know we played in be a gym
judge dredd Sonic the Hedgehog good old
classics yeah yeah so you had to not
just be a like a pro on one game you had
to be multi-talented this was a
triathlon this was a triathlon
interesting yeah and they had 250 tube
TVs lined up squares squares because
they didn't have I didn't have why back
then Oh No
yeah and a little-known fact anybody
that because the last game that was
played in the championship NBA Jam
anybody if anybody knows that if you if
you play NBA Jam by yourself it doesn't
switch at halftime
meaning the direction that you played a
game so you're always trained to go
right and when you go left all the
controls are actually reversed that's a
little wacky and so in the championships
that was the big sort of dilemma is that
who gets the second you know who gets to
be first player who gets this be second
player mm-hmm and so that's where I
worked my magic so I knew this right I
stayed at first player all the way
through to the finish right yeah yeah
and that was that that was the end
that was the edge and that was the end
trophy in the room I don't talk about it
it's under wraps so it wasn't
necessarily a skill victory is more like
a hold down p1 victory it's it's a skill
victory okay I understand I'm gonna get
the facts straight it's a historical
moment yeah I made JFK just they just
cleared all the documents for that so I
feel
this is something so how did that go is
that a is that probably somebody killed
him I was all in the documents somebody
killed him okay
some guy had a gun he shot him I was
like wow the truth is out there man
actually I don't know I don't know man I
don't trust anyone the internet you've
got like people on art Donald people on
our conspiracy people on like socialism
all like picking little berries yeah
apparently there was two shooters
apparently I don't even know how it's
related but the CIA was like you know
doing some [ __ ] somewhere you kind of
look like you could fit I'm the I'm the
one-time JFK assassin and I say that's a
joke I have no intention of
assassinating any presidents living or
dead sometimes you just gotta clear the
air though I don't know what do you
think happen at JFK I don't know did you
know the moon's made out of metal that's
probably true like technically true
right that's what I've heard I've heard
they record sound waves I told you that
I well I watch a lot of ancient aliens
Yeah right
History Channel exactly is that where it
is yes they're like I watched you don't
even need to say that I watch a lot of
History Channel that sounds credible
yeah it's a hundred percent the moon is
made out of metal okay so can I mean
expand on that uh I had a few gin and
tonics when I was watching this episode
