welcome everybody to the h3 podcast love
every Friday except today which is
Wednesday
history productions today's episode is
sponsored by me Andy's movement
naturebox and Dollar Shave Club thank
you to them next week we have a philip
defranco on at our regular scheduled at
time and we're gonna put a threat up as
we usually do give questions for us
asking today's guest is a close dear
friend of mine he's uh I gotta I really
got to thank this guy for helping us so
much when we were coming up dude did it
yourself
genuinely one of the greatest boons we
had coming on thanks dude I think it
made such a difference for us you hired
ela you brought us out to New York when
we were like nobodies sounds weird as
hell but you know I know everyone
alright no yeah and you've just you've
always been an incredibly generous and
gracious friend to us thanks Dan I
genuinely love this guy I know I it's
been too long now that I am officially
you know guest number eight six hundred
thousand and five just kidding no dude
you guys did it yourselves I saw can I
just say now that was too much I don't
know if I can accept no it's not it's
not enough it's not enough and I want to
say for the record you are one of our
most requested guests right I've been
looking to this looking for this for a
long time meets have you've been hard to
get a hold okay it's not just my phone
I'm just kidding all right I'm your New
York guy you have [ __ ] panic attacks
every time you come in you start every
conversation was like hey do you have do
you hate LA oh that's been a while Bob
do this city
look I don't trust the city unless I can
see its air okay unless you can see its
air yeah no but but is it wait well New
York's not exactly the cleanest place in
the world are you telling me trash bags
on the side of the street with with
maggots it's logging into into the
rivers of the streets is not clean also
I just like saying as a clam by the way
yes
it's also dirty you can't see the air
here though malaria no but I was gonna
say as a qualifier to that I was there
for it's funny because when I look back
on a lot of this like especially like
the vapenation video which is just bring
you up beyond any because I remember the
the day that you went to film it you
texted me and you said hey do you have
any ideas for like funny weed gags and
you were just like going out there and
you guys were hustling every day I say
whatever they want I was there every day
they were just hustling like you know
some new ideas some new things it's
amazing to watch this meteoric rise
thanks you guys did appear so you are a
huge influence on me like even before
like even before we were friends you
were huge influence on me
Thanks and just being able to spend that
year with you in New York like in close
proximity and be able to be inspired by
you was a huge to be around you like
because we played off each other it was
mutual yeah it was it was honestly like
in retrospect it was it was such a great
year a wholesome year for us like it was
only and I think most of our fans think
back on that year is like our golden
years yeah well I you know there's
always like golden years when you're
doing YouTube and yeah I know what you
mean it was for me too in a sense
especially just being it was it was a
fun year but I just it's so funny to see
how big that that vapenation meme has
become and I just remember you guys just
going and doing it it is great now I'm
so happy seems like you're doing all
right for yourself we got some walls we
got some curds trying you know we're
trying to go hustling yeah yeah anyway
it's great dad thank you love you too
both so how is it to be back in LA do
you hate it as much as I grew up here so
you know that's what pisses me off about
la is the traffic oh so we're just
making sure it looks and sound okay but
you can keep going yeah I can you bring
the mic closer yeah thanks sorry I'm new
to this now this would these miners as
if you basically have to [ __ ] suck
Canyon all right it's suck that mic I
didn't know this was part of the
equation here is this close enough can
you all hear me they're saying there's
too much contrast too much contrast what
do these guys [ __ ] stanley kubrick's
Cass goddamn it to professional
operation on transit you got a purple
couch
I thought us coming into a real gig dude
here's it here's a complaint I'll accept
I can't see too much conscious get it
too much get what you mean like in the
in the levels of color anyway whatever
okay um why do you hate Ellie so much I
don't hate LA you Harris used to know I
grew up here you know I it's just it's
it's hot and it's smoggy and there's a
lot of traffic and I think that got to
me over the years so la is a very really
depends where you live yeah it's like
anywhere where do you work yeah yes the
traffic is enough to drive anyone mad
yeah it does if Gandhi lives in Santa
Monica and he works in [ __ ] Burbank
he's gonna drop that nuke yeah I used to
have a job actually in downtown LA
working for an electrical components
manufacturing company I worked the
backend of the servers for the their
Joomla system they used to the backend
you're a programmer no it's it's I
basically just ran their website very
good at it anyways and I had to drive an
hour and 10 minutes both ways like so
two hours 20 minutes total in traffic I
think they just broke me a little bit I
don't know oh yeah yeah I was enough to
break any but I don't really it's this
Amin it's like no but it is like
Vietnamese like its water torture where
you're like it's enough to break any man
yeah I think honestly I just really what
I like I like full four seasons and you
can't get that out here that's very true
yeah but I've invite or the street where
we lived there's like a couple of orange
leaves like on the street and I'm like
oh my god it's full no right like take
my [ __ ] actually sometimes yeah
sometimes I go back to my hometown and I
see there's a little bit of a fall yeah
it's not a bit it's a muted fall you see
a couple get your pumpkin spice yeah
what do you like about New York cuz you
are a very genuine New York guy people
think about you're a New Yorker New York
has an energy unlike anywhere else and I
think part of it comes from the fact
that it's a diseased [ __ ] right
probably you think you have
really the the allure of New York is
part of the it's it's um how hard it is
to make it there if you can make it
there you can make it anywhere there's
an allure to the city but I think the
more you live there you start to be like
well actually I think it's just coated
in in what they tell themselves to make
it through the day yeah I think part of
it is just you know putting yourself
through the struggle of making it in New
York it's but you know I'm older now and
I I've moved out to Queens I know for
any of you Manhattanites out there
unthinkable getting to that point when I
try to move out it's fine big yes big
for you we lived in Manhattan yeah and I
felt like I only went to Queens a couple
times my whole [ __ ] year there I know
I got barely left Manhattan and a couple
times that went there I was like this is
great yeah it's all right yeah
Queens is nice where did you go like a
story uh yes yeah I don't even look down
I look around I look like deep Queens we
did a guy I have family there [ __ ] yeah
well I'm like in a house now it's
detached and has no one oh my god
grown-up boy now are you still living in
town houses but I think like I wanted to
blast honestly whatever you've really
changed I know I told you I'm not the
same old Johnny yards now and driveway
take care you yard yeah well Alyssa
found things I'll go and change some
tomatoes we have a basil plant it's
really nice we have free basil no
seriously this trips me out when you go
to play yeah in church we had about
gardening it's so it's like a self
explains it's obviously stupid but like
I don't have to go buy basil I have free
baby yeah we bought it from Jose and we
used all the basil from it and then we
said let we need to nourish this child
badly we've destroyed him and when he
said nourish him we planted it in a
little open patch this basil plant we
bought from Trader Joe's
you okay so you meant Trader Joe's you
just called it Jones yeah this is LA New
York yeah we do but it's not Joe's there
we call it then I'm like a mess I'm fine
now yeah what they call Trader Joe's in
New York is I'd rather [ __ ] it and kill
myself this stand 50 minutes to buy a
five pack of tomatoes you know it's so
funny because we always we always were
like talking you know having that we was
that nice not that long I got super fun
rows like the line it's longer than any
Trader Joe's just want a chocolate bar I
wanted to have you been to Joe's in LA
well yeah I mean I grew up here so I see
you about goes here Oh Joe is great you
go to Joe's the parking lots full you
look man I can't I have to wait like two
minutes to find a parking space this is
so full you go inside there's like two
people max at the register like that's
full capacity here you're the Trader
Joe's in that broth side we used to shop
I swear to [ __ ] god you guys would
think that there was a famine and this
was the last tomatoes on earth you
shelves are empty
he's not joking there's a there's a
sneaking lion-o sometimes out of the
bill do you just to get in there's a new
building there's a guy bro holds a sign
that says this is the end of the line
just so you know it's because you
wouldn't believe how long but I have to
say there is one thing I will give it
credit for is that cashier system runs
really quick right it's fast
I got it I got it it's bad I got it bad
well at first I was like there's no way
I'm ever going in there and eventually
we caved and I'm like you know it's at
least half the line it looks like at
that speed I agree
but there's still something humiliating
about saying there were a bunch of
[ __ ] it's like man yeah and then you
remember like the rent you're paying in
your apartment you're like what am
paying a lot to stay like this long what
do I do I understand the complaints but
I will say for that time that you lived
there the Upper West Side is a magical
place bro I Love New York's great
walking outside
we were like literally two minutes from
Central
yeah you know man it was underneath our
apartment yeah it was close it's cool is
that what called the bucks no clucks
Ellie's changed you man
did I just grab a couple I grabbed the
bugs gonna head up jealous again it
makes you settle in for the night
it's fun to live that bohemian life for
a while but then you yeah I had to park
my car in a garage next to my house and
it costs like I'm not gonna say you say
because I know and I'm fat and I ran
nobody is gonna respect me after they
know how much it takes to park my car it
was eight hundred dollars a month to
park I thought it was fun I had no
choice I had no choice unless I was to
move that thing across the street every
like Wednesday or whatever it is sweeper
yeah I New York City all you need to
know is that it costs $800 per month the
park you're [ __ ] paid that parking
wasn't even that I don't even want to
use it because it's so far to walk - no
that was my old parking spot no no I'm
doing on my street it was actually next
to my townhouse that's and that's why I
just said screw it I'm gonna pay a
little bit more because it's [ __ ]
you know and I'll tell you I'll tell you
the funniest thing about this place is
you pay that much right and when I
called them to get my car every time
they'd be like man like can you give me
like two hours notice
I'm like just that's all you do didn't
they crash your car once I got I leased
a beautiful baby green Mini Cooper that
was my first car I ever leased I never
liked it and I was so happy with it it
was brand-new and I did in that in that
garage the one you're talking about the
far one and I got a call and I got it's
a bit of a problem here and I'm like
what do you wanna do some what do you
mean a problem I come there and they
have somehow totaled my car in a parking
lot it was the whole side of the car was
completely couldn't open the door
smash and I had to had to go through
like a big battle with them and they
never ended up paying for it I just had
I remembered that they were an answer
your phone no they wouldn't answer my
phone cause I call them hundreds of
times and so I just said screw it I just
want my car back so I paid Geico the
deductible thanks guy go well sorta
that is some of the [ __ ] you dealt with
that year would have made me lose my
mind that was close man like um on top
of paying some spineless [ __ ] some
[ __ ] [ __ ] $800 a month like who
even has the balls to ask that it's just
the free market goes I know I'm kidding
I'm kidding but nobody you paying
someone so much money just for the
simple act of saying here you goes your
car and I know I can crash it and don't
take responsibility I I you know I can
get it i I've come to Zen not coming
peace with that
I'm sorry bringing it up it's like in
the moment I remember going there be
like you're gonna pay for this car it's
just gotta buy things are just not going
to and it's gonna stay broken until I
fix it what did they do what are you
gonna do and they know what are you
gonna pay a lawyer I know that [ __ ]
you're gonna end up at least five
thousand dollars just to write him a
letter we were there do you know do you
know what ended up happening they
resented me after a while like every
time I come to they give me like this
this side stare and I'm like you broke
my car wouldn't fix it why you mad at me
so I moved that's that's one of the main
reasons I moved it to be here an Eiffel
episode straight up New York to the
second garages credit they didn't wreck
my car in a parking yeah somehow oh that
oh you're gone you gave him the chance
they didn't ruin it
oh yeah I was actually that one for a
while but now I'm out in Queens and I
have a driveway that's a great
development I'm really happy about that
for you so let me ask you about the D
monetization [ __ ] going on YouTube is
like yeah the talk of the town yeah I
don't want to like beat a dead horse I
think everyone know I'm scary about but
I'm curious if it's affected you funny
thing I've seen you know like I like
even like you know like PewDiePie I've
seen had some D monetization is using I
think have you guy said oh yo yeah yeah
I've never been hit by one I'm like the
only seriously green oh I've never been
hit by one but I said is pretty
incredible and I and I've been trying to
speak out in as best I can retweeting
like you guys well it's hard to care one
like no really I really do care I think
it's terrible thing they've done but
like I I've been trying
I think it's all that close to you both
sorry yeah I'm sorry this thing's like
it's got all kinds of moving projects
like that cradle it the thing is I just
want you to be comfortable yeah I'm
sorry I just I'm not you feel free to
like get weird with it like you can
bring it with you like Danny same time
but dance for your enjoyment okay so um
so basically what I'm yeah no no I cared
a lot about it
the the only thing is I mean I didn't I
just wanna make a video about because
everybody else was you guys handled it
well enough I don't need my opinion on
it so but you know I was trying to get
the word out there but no just it it
didn't hit me I thought it was really
interesting I thought it was ridiculous
what what they were doing with that
because the thing the thing about
YouTube that that really I know it like
you said speeding a dead horse that
really pisses me off is they don't tell
us what to avoid right right they don't
give us any sort of warning or anything
and like that now they have this manual
review system but I remember there were
a couple times where I had explicit and
this is just a whole different issue but
like I had explicit permission from like
a movie company to review their movie I
would and they D monetize my video
because of copyright or something and
then I go do the review thing and I'd be
like here's the proof and they'd be like
denied sorry and I'm like are you
[ __ ] serious did you ever contact the
company uh you know I just was like
watering the bridge I don't have time
for this bro it happens yeah yeah that's
I mean I'm happy that it doesn't affect
you that is kind of an encouraging and a
way to know that people are getting hit
cause it seems like everyone's just
getting bombed on but maybe it's great
as I mostly just do Lane I just like do
like what's the last video I did flex
tape turd I'm surprised to hear ducking
was family-friendly I mean your your
content generally is very very clean
yeah I guess it's clean I like to keep
it fun and I don't I guess I don't talk
about like current events and stuff
we've seen like people with very clean
content who still get the monetize it's
just god bless yeah yeah in the Boogie I
saw some apple boogie if you're watching
buddy what's up uh love you hey Shh yeah
you don't want yeah oh the really big
dig I'm kidding that's usually just how
you start thank you
I love it but no it's just I love you
and I love you anyways the the I saw
that like some of the original like do
you member like the old Boogie videos
like the Eric the Frances the Frances
stay of course yeah
and that was like getting hit and I was
like yes it's classic you do this what
built YouTube modified it's like
revising histories with yeah yeah and
then there was this recent add gate with
I don't know if you saw it though did
you see that weird I don't know I've no
such it huh Elsa gate was it Elsa it was
that weird like child bro I've been
talking about that for so [ __ ] long
maybe a year since spider-man and Elsa
now it's like it's been there I'm kind
of I have mixed feelings on that because
I feel like I gave them I made 3 videos
about that a year ago and I feel like as
a result they were just like [ __ ] this
guy talking [ __ ] about YouTube do you
think I don't kind of our channel got
shown there's no question about it like
a year ago
when we were in LA for a moment our
channel got [ __ ] I do remember you
guys were like upset about it it's
better it's better now yeah they change
they change some of their policies that
are way more fair now and to their
credit but now they're acting like oh my
god this huge problem about [ __ ]
pedophiles on YouTube who could have
possibly known that but it was even
weirder than what was talking about it
either no cuz I feel like the other one
was just like kids videos aimed or like
videos aimed at kids that were weird
sexual sexual but that's different this
was like this was a whole nother level
this was like possible kids but it's all
connected there was very there was very
sexual videos that we were watching back
then of like you know [ __ ] women in
thongs and like the cartoon I remember
we watched of spider-man tackling Elsa
