welcome everybody to another h3 podcast
live live today ela is out of town and
BMI care is being swamped Erik just
finished wiping my ass we had a
cigarette together outside I get
diarrhea every time I some oaklands true
and I said Eric I appreciate you being
here on the show but uh that's not where
your duties end so thank you for
cleaning me up
appreciate that glad to have you here
last week we're streaming on YouTube
again we're just testing it out it's fun
I find it to be I'm really curious which
one's better Twitter YouTube because the
the streaming numbers are really high
and it's just nice to have a holistic
experience yeah but the problem with
YouTube as I spoke about last time is
that wherever it falls there shall it be
buried there's no take-backs right when
you stream on youtube you can have a
Bill O'Reilly moment everyone's gonna
see it everybody's gonna see my Bill
O'Reilly mom yeah and they did in the
last episode that's right we had
probably the most horrific start oh my
god well yeah it was by talking it up a
little bit thing is I showed you a clip
I didn't show you the whole thing
because it was getting to cringey okay
it's like a whole minute yeah I had this
the stream open and the sound on on my
laptop so was playing the sound back for
the whole first minute plus of the
podcast before we stopped me and Dan
were just like we were mortified it was
our worst nightmares last week
so I just I need to own this the moment
heats up to uh by the way do we stick
the landing this time Dan yeah timing
was perfect nice although we just
[ __ ] jinx ourselves what we already
made no boy yeah we already made it you
through whatever happens now is fine
because like the worst time to have a
[ __ ] is like when somebody opens a
video yeah like I'm gonna watch this
video and it's just like a total meta
somehow a million people watch that last
posit always like this yeah exactly I
thought these guys ran a tight ship
yeah what is this right no no Sid you
know but Dan can you pull up that clip
from from last week yeah just cracks me
up that a million people watched
actually first of all a huge thank you
to everybody that's done where's
everybody to another episode
of the h3 podcast lah that's right we
are back and we are streaming shocking
it a mixing it was that probably more
help the first 10 seconds of that good
okay good good good and then there's no
idea what they were in for mix it up a
little bit keep you on your coat this
episode is sponsored by him so the thing
is at this point if it's stopped it's
like okay we can get over it I couldn't
hear Dan through the speaker look so
Dan's like shits open your shits open
and I can hear them will be great as if
it was happening now and because this
this can't be yeah this can't be good to
watch but like it keeps going anyway I
just want to give a shout out to
everybody who's stuck it through
troopers you know stuck it through and
this time we hopefully have got it
well it's okay to have some grab beans
yeah growing pains most definitely other
comments about the YouTube stream
everybody seems to enjoy a streaming on
YouTube but the comments were that the
chat the live chat was truly god-awful
which surprised me because I didn't
think you could top twitch chat of
toxicity but apparently YouTube manages
to talk again yeah you tube tops twit
you know YouTube always help does twitch
right say that and always I think people
are more conditioned to leave ridiculous
comments on YouTube it's yeah it comes
with the territory well part of the
problem is that on Twitch we have sub
only mode
yeah so really you know hones down on
the on the spam but I would just want to
invite everybody who is here to spam and
just you know ruin the chat I want to
say that we changed the frequency to
five minutes so at this point I welcome
all the spammers to come enjoy yourself
in between five minutes I mean if you're
waiting five minutes to spam you're
pretty much just a viewer at that point
so if you want to make multiple accounts
just get those views up enjoy yourself
you know put your feet up have a meal
enjoy the podcast and then you can leave
a spam comment every 5 minutes
it's very diplomatic fix you know you
didn't kick them out
today you're welcome you're pretty much
just a viewer at this point so welcome
to the stream everybody next up you guys
may have seen our new video I'm
exhausted
last night I was up till last night the
night before so like 1:00 a.m. because I
found out that YouTube is [ __ ] with
the sub fee I saw that video yeah it's
like the final four people didn't see
the video basically YouTube said that
they're testing the sub feed to put it
in a personalized order and what that
means is basically they have an
algorithm that's going to decide like
hey which content is gonna get us the
most watched I'm pretty rich you know
Elsa what else video yeah lots of Elsa
now mostly it most likely BuzzFeed
people people trying to figure out what
this is America means alright lots of
the columns in columns right so we made
a video talking about that because the
the sub feed is like the last sacred
place right on YouTube untouched you
have the home page the sidebar that's
where most traffic comes from on YouTube
and you don't really know how that [ __ ]
works like you go to the home page why
is something there I don't know yeah I
post a video I don't see it on the home
page why is there like one guy at
YouTube who can can [ __ ] with those and
just be like hmm I'm gonna show my
buddy's video real quick probably not
that's probably a huge yeah you know be
that'd be erroneous yeah have that
functionality and one did yeah I think
it's just the algorithm but they're very
controlling of they're very intentional
it's all just about watch time right but
it's very cold it's very unfeeling like
do we really want a platform that just
doesn't care about users choice at all
and just like you know the god of watch
time there was a big backlash when when
Instagram did it right exactly beside it
exactly because you want to feel like
you have some choice of the content
you're watching and so anyway YouTube
responded to the video we made they said
there's a very small experiment we're
testing a new completely optional way to
sort the sub feeds with a small group of
people all videos are still there and
again people have control over the
settings aka they don't have to use it
but
here's what I'll say to that which is I
think total BS the default setting is
personalized you have to go out of your
way to change it back to chronological I
mean they really just do that so that
they say that it's optional but how many
people are actually gonna go yeah I'd
switch it if it's if it's optional then
if everybody's saying they want it the
other way how long until you just force
them to have it the new way exactly
and that that's basically what I'm
saying here is that like it starts there
it's a slippery slope once you've
decided that you're willing to [ __ ] what
the sub feed yeah it's only a matter of
time like this guy been trusted flagger
he's he's like I don't know this guy has
a lot of insight information he always
has a lot of interesting insights on
YouTube he works he's trusted he's
trusted he does actually work with them
to some large capacity he said they've
been working on this for a very long
time behind the scenes and I'm squid
scared if it will be implemented
permanently even though you can opt out
I was told if rolled out everyone would
be opted in by default negative impact
on everyone don't do this YouTube and
it's like you said on it on on Facebook
they had it used to be chronological and
the moment that they optimized the feed
on Facebook and they doing the same
thing on Instagram is when those social
medias became such [ __ ] garbage right
because you're on the platform and you
feel you feel the pole like they're just
trying to keep you there as long as
possible I every time I go to Facebook
for some [ __ ] reason Facebook is like
hey you
you love Martin Lawrence's posts right
Martin Lawrence the actor he has this
[ __ ] if everybody should go check out
Martin Lawrence's Facebook cuz it's
insane Jelena it's like he's like so
flowy Antonio in the way that he's just
like hosting these yeah and like what
it's like to have a Cuban girlfriend
Martin is like wow this is crazy
like what what is Martin doing all day
Martin Martin found a new vertical so
basically Martin Lawrence is gonna be at
the top of all of our feeds but yeah on
Facebook they changed it to optimized
several years ago and they made it
optional until one day they're like hey
you know what this results in more watch
time or more ad revenue so we're just
gonna remove the option right they act
like that's not what's gonna
that's definitely what is going out it
is kind of silly the way all these
companies talk to us about changes that
we don't like and they're like no don't
worry guys you can have an option don't
you could you don't understand behind
the scenes they're just like what the
[ __ ] what do you think we're gonna
change anything for them
yeah now this is money I mean I wonder
if in a way they're that naive that
they're like it's optional how does it
how does it benefit them like what I'm
more ad revenue really they keep you on
the page longer they don't that yeah
objective of all these social medias is
to keep you on the page as long as oh
yeah that makes sense they just suck
your ass in keep you watching very more
ads if it's chronological like when I go
to Reddit and I see all of the links on
the front page or purple I'm like oh
well I did that and then I leave right I
mean I don't leave I go to the next page
right but if it wasn't chronological
later that it would be like he's already
clicked all the purple links let's give
them a new batch right theoretically it
that doesn't sound bad but what ends up
happening is that Jesus Christ that girl
Kroy got me yeah me too me what ends up
happening these things is that the sub
feat is just gonna end up like the home
page right like based on other users
activity we've determined that this
video results in more watch time and
more time on page so we're gonna put
that at the top of your sub feed and not
this small creator that you're a fan of
or anybody could be it could be me it
could be you it could be PewDiePie this
video didn't get as much watch time so
we're gonna put it at the bottom yeah
that's how they rate it weird man I mean
I'd love to get into their heads and
figure out what the hell they're their
ultimate plan is because this feels like
part of something else yeah well the
scary part that I talked about is just
like once they tinker with the sub feed
they now have the ability to completely
make your channel disappear yeah because
as a creator it's so frustrating when
you go to the home page and you don't
see your new video yeah like why isn't
it there I don't know I guess there's a
reason whatever and you don't see it on
the sidebar of other people's videos
sometimes you know what I mean it's
people also saying like I got
unsubscribed from you right like there's
some strange errors going on to keep
people from watching things but I don't
know we should get jobs at YouTube yeah
like we should we should go
in disguise like interview for jobs and
get the get the inside dirt just a
comedy mustache yeah trusted Ben you
gonna help us out yeah trust trustworthy
Ben I do joke I'm very qualified to work
at YouTube once our channel dies [ __ ]
top they're gonna make me say uh earth
to the god of watch time house shredder
will probably get the job for sure so I
don't know they responded but I just I
just think they're so nice there'd like
they don't understand why we're so upset
because it's optional yeah that's gotta
be a tough [ __ ] job in the PR guide
or PR person at YouTube it's like yeah a
half of the population of the country is
mad at you
hmm oh [ __ ] what do i do there PR
department sucks dude don't say anything
what did what is the PR persons job at
yeah there's definitely tread lightly on
if I was that guy I'd be like okay how
do I say no threads too lightly yeah he
doesn't say [ __ ] right he's like all
right we had a meeting and we've decided
we're not gonna say anything
yeah do you think we have meetings like
when when they have to respond to you
yeah I think I'm sure that like there's
a couple is like a huddle
I know like I'm certain guys Ethan's
blasting us yeah what do we say yeah I'm
sure that they do I'm not kidding they
do actually they just tell you to go
[ __ ] yourself they PR persons like all
right guys we've thought a lot about
this and we've decided to say nothing
yeah this will not get us in trouble
yeah there's no way they're gonna know
about that it's probably true that's
probably the best course of action yeah
say nothing just say say nothing yeah
we'll get him later all right well let's
move on to uh more upbeat news the Texas
shooting yeah actually want to I don't
wanna talk about the shooting and all
the details hmm
I'm fascinated you guys know about this
Texas shooting another school shooting
[ __ ] look at this superstar Jesus
Christ
and that guy's Oh [ __ ] eyes a young
[ __ ] these kids are so goddamn young
it's so crazy you think that guy owns
the samurai sword he needs more answers
not enough length in the back for that
to be a card-carrying samurai sword boy
means that needs more of a mullet that
prison jumpsuit is very Naruto I think
he looks good in it yeah he does
look at his that's a headband and he'll
be full roleplay okay there was another
shooting this morning by the way yeah
another [ __ ] shooting this time a 12
he was - it was a seventh-grader he was
12 years old do you know a twitter well
this is the guy that stopped him look at
this monster but whoa I'm gonna [ __ ] I'm
gonna talk more about what this hero did
but first I feel like everybody's
talking about how do we how do we stop
this it's clearly gone on it's happening
every [ __ ] week it trips me out when
we were kids I didn't think about
somebody rolling up at my school with a
gun yeah and I feel like they the
experience of kids in public school
these days it is that they're not just
expecting it they're waiting for it to
happen right I never had any kind of
drill never a drill that no metal
detectors yeah
there's like people shooting off blanks
in in school hallways just to get kids
ready are you are you serious like I saw
a video of one doing that so I think it
might be a little know like they bring
in a trained officer or something like
that is so twisted yeah so I'm wondering
like there's this raging debate is it
guns as a mental health and I'm just I'm
always thinking like what like well
first of all feels like we're not doing
anything like a lot of people are like
let's ban guns and then everyone else is
like let's not ban guns and ultimately
everyone everyone screams at each other
but still now after this happening for
so long nothing's happening and I'm
starting to think that I mean the
availability of guns is is definitely a
problem although one that I'm not sure
how to tackle but I actually think that
there's more potent issues than than
guns one being is just basically how the
media fetishizes all these school
shooters like every time it happens you
know they treat these kids like they
have put them on like the top scoreboard
it's like you got ten why do you do it
wow that's always the question why do
you do it who is
let's get pictures of it ma'am what it
is Facebook page say tell me everything
and then it's true like for a whole week
for a whole new cycle it's like every
detail into this person
life yeah and it's like oh he got ten
that's pretty good but you know
Columbine had like 50 that's the high
score currently that was a really great
dry you made a valiant you know effort
to top the scoreboard for us ten pretty
good mediocre school shooting well how
do you how do you combat that I think
the media needs to just shut the [ __ ] up
yeah don't show pictures don't show
names don't talk about him like I'm
doing now but I'm making fun the guy
looks like you know I mean I apologize
for actually putting that up I meant to
scroll down to the that wasn't my fault
dad's on the scroll but it's not I do I
do want to see his face cuz he's a goofy
looking [ __ ] yeah but like well we're
making fun of him but I'm talking about
like the established media right there
they romanticize him well because people
click it they want to see it the news
has always just been like they're just
feeding oh you want the meat we have the
meat we're the meat makers it's kind of
related in a way to what I'm talking
about with YouTube like Almighty watch
time but what they're after is the
almighty click right and they don't they
don't care they don't analyze at what
cost we pay they pay we as a society pay
to get all those clicks it's it's also
the amount of reporters who show up like
the day of like robbed bet you right now
there's a shitload of like news vans
parked outside the school where this
just happened trying to interview like
parents and kids circus it's [ __ ]
insane know what I I've talked about it
before but it's worth mentioning again
the really awful one in Vegas that
happened yeah there was so many
commercials during the live report like
they just don't [ __ ] even acknowledge
or care yeah they're rolling dr. pepper
ads I took pictures of all my phones I
was so shocked during a live report
there on the call with the doctor yeah
that way reports are in that he was
enjoying a nice refreshing dr. pepper
right before he went in there guns
blazing this catastrophe reporting
brought to you by doctor doctor this
school shooting brought to you by
coca-cola mmm that's peppery have a
fresh one get excited with a coca-cola
and shoot up your school by the way did
you get you oh you got shot hey what
happened what don't take him in the
ambulance yet
I want to interview this guy yeah
exactly that's not far the leg wound
he's fine
this excuse me young man you appear to
be bleeding here have a sip of this nice
coca-cola get you through it I should
not disturb yes we can the official
beverage of school shooting
it is pretty ridiculous there is there's
a one in Texas there's like videos of
like you know these kids are given the
quotes and [ __ ] but it's there it's the
reporter and then if you look there's a
[ __ ] shitload of reporters all like
oh look at that
yeah just vultures man absolutely they
don't think about it they don't
understand the consequence you know
making money that way do you think
people like within the world of
journalists are like hey man love the
way you reported that to school shooting
school shooting so how did you get those
kids out of the ambulance so you could
interview them that kid was basically he
