[Music]
welcome to the h3 podcast extravaganza
that's right we're an extravaganza now
thank you to 23andme
posts mates and hims for sponsoring us
and thank you to everybody for joining
us today on this beautiful blessed
Friday
boy do I love Fridays we started taking
the weekends off and I just kidding
Fridays now mmm
happy Friday to everyone watching we've
got a lot to discuss today we're very
excited we've got some Chane updates
we've got some Pappajohn updates we've
got some buffing updates we've talked
previously about a guru for goofus slap
a slap a boo from goombah slap and Ian
the intern has prepared for us one of
his notorious and much celebrated
PowerPoint presentation on deciphering
the meaning of Kanye West wow that's a
big task oh but I know it wasn't up for
it but before we get into all that I've
got a little announcement not really an
announcement just something I wanted to
talk about but it may be that ela is is
there's a new thing of the thickening it
was gonna be thickening up here soon
what does that mean what I'm trying to
say is that ela won't be drinking
alcohol if she's responsible what I'm
trying to say read podcast extra no
that's me sorry I how long is that going
oh it just started like just now you
turned it off of me okay and flashback
[Laughter]
there's two stripes she's cooking
something up anyone it's a cinnamon roll
with frosting man yeah it's weird
[Laughter]
there's something going on
[Music]
well it's we we don't know yet if
anything's gonna go wrong she's pregnant
less pregnant I have been I've been
squirting an ela for years I mean I'm
just going frankly like we've been I've
been I've been you know what I'm saying
and depend on we've talked about it a
lot on the podcast so it's a natural
extension of our efforts to get ela
knocked up and I have been a fully
unsheathed about New Year's dick has
been out and flirting we did the test we
did everything but I'll say that we got
what happened naturally in just the good
old-fashioned way he had sex yeah you
know I know it is gross I don't know I
don't know I don't feel about it well
just like two days ago two days ago we
found out yeah and ela she would admit
was a couple of days late on her period
and her boobs were raw how would you say
tender what your boobs were tender it
just hurts I don't know get some tender
s pity but anyway that's like what
happens when you're getting in the
period and I remember it was like a week
earlier like oh I'm getting my period
yeah and the night before I was like
maybe you're pregnant jokingly yeah and
I was like actually I already checked
and it was negative all right but it
wasn't your first idea the more didn't
do it right yeah yeah but it's
interesting cuz the last two months we
kind of didn't really try we're like
[ __ ] this [ __ ] whatever if it happens it
happens and we're just not gonna pay
attention and of course that's when it
happened so funny yeah of course and I
don't wanna feel about I'm scared I
don't know how they feel about it it's
terrifying I'm more scared than
you cuz you gotta [ __ ] it yeah I have
utmost respect for that I'm telling you
that and people always say like don't
tell until I don't know for months I
don't know it's like it but then you're
gonna see that I'm pregnant
like was just superstitious yeah or but
you had a really good point about
because people think that maybe
something will go wrong but it's like if
that happens then why I'm not supposed
to talk about it like it's a secret
yeah exactly you just carry this like
sad thing yeah I'm good and you don't
tell you can't because I guess the
theory is I think first of all people
are superstitious mm-hmm second of all
for those that don't know in the first
like I don't know couple months it's
very common that you can have a
miscarriage and I didn't know don't know
yeah because it's like you don't talk
about it why not talk about like you'll
say when you're sick he'll talk about it
yeah or if you have to do a surgery so
why is that like oh you're right and
it's a it's a sad thing it's a
vulnerable thing and it's kind of sucks
to just carry that silently with you I
mean yeah but I I guess the theory is
that yeah people probably just are
superstitious about it and then yeah
maybe it happens sometimes people have
like many miscarriages
mm-hmm it could happen like five times
and you're like oh [ __ ] I got to do this
whole thing like but ELA approach me a
couple days ago and she's like eath I
was in bed just looking at the news or
something
she's like Ethan we got a problem or
something and I didn't answer for a
minute yeah just kind of groggy you said
something like two stripes yeah and I
was like no way yeah when I did the test
I felt like I felt like there's no way
like oh yeah y-you know the boys can
swim
it's good to know though because it was
kind of where I was worried that you
know you worried that's what's wrong
what's going on
you know why can't I I can't why can't
they
it ended up taking birth control like
maybe almost two years ago at this plant
so it could be that can take a while
yeah but so my so it worked the boys can
swim the girls can catch and the team is
functioning
you know ela started like a week ago
before we knew she was preggers she was
like I'm hungry like yeah she started
eating she had pizza and she's like and
I have to tell you this but this was
shitty pizza and I'm not one to say that
because pizza and my opinions like sex
when it's good it's great and when it's
bad it's pretty good but no I'm like
this pizza is kind of sucky and he'll is
like really this is the best pizza I've
ever had and I'm just not that good but
I think elos starting to get hungry
yeah even happens that early but I can't
I have been I don't know we said you
feel something going on in your stomach
yeah
feel like things are moving in my
stomach it's a [ __ ] baby dude so
anyway so guys don't tell anyone
yeah don't tell anyone please until 10
weeks it's between all of us and I don't
know how to feel about it and we've been
trying for a while but I was like just
so used to not getting pregnant I was
like oh cool I was like cool man [ __ ]
that [ __ ]
but now how am I gonna take care of a
kid when I'm so dysfunctional ela
believes I mean that's all that matters
well anyway Neil is pregnant so there
you have it that long yep thank you that
is true that's how I feel so we thought
we'd share that happy news with
everybody and thank you for joining us
on this blessed Friday to share this
beautiful wonderful news me inside
internally
[Laughter]
let's move on we've got Shane now the
Shane documentary we had talked about in
a previous episode and I give Shane all
the credit in the world I mean this guy
has pioneered a new form of content on
you okay and he's had this incredible
fan base and he the numbers are just
like unfresh that has six hundred
thousand likes when a tweet yeah what is
going on yeah it's wild so I mean
obviously hats off to the to the guy
he's a friend of the show even though
even though even though he betrayed me
after all we've been through okay cut
you were not yet we'll get there nyah
let's at least get into a little bit
before the Papa father yeah exactly and
reliving the memory of that great
betrayal anyway so he goes on as we
touched on in the last step so the chain
starts exploring this theory what if
Logan is the sociopath and Jake is
living in the shadow of Logan the
sociopath took a weird turn
we just all became about it who is a
sociopath and right like well the next
episode was him sitting for like 40 or
50 minutes with a therapist and super
dramatic kind of she's really dramatic
it's kind of trying to diagnose him and
anyway Logan Paul made a response video
and I mean a lot of people have been
criticizing Shane for his kind of the
way that he's been trying to diagnose
him because he does this funny anything
that's there he's a really good at yeah
where they created this like horror they
create an atmosphere attention and that
it was very good they're good at it but
it's like you're also talking about
something serious you're talking about a
real person you're talking about mental
health and we know it's big Paul logo
Paul which are like the - you know Daria
YouTube but regardless I'm not even
trying to make a serious point about
channel I don't I honestly I'm not here
to refute or talk about any I honestly
Logan Paul made a response video and
it's given us through us all here one of
the best gems that have ever come across
this platform and so this to me was what
was most important to share with you
guys
I'll let Logan speak for himself now he
he goes on the record he's and he
actually says I'm not a sociopath but I
do have sociopathic tendencies which is
interesting it sounds like he's been
diagnosed the way he talks about it
because he's very knowledgeable and he
goes you're not either a sociopath or
not a sociopath it's a sliding scale and
some people have more sociopathic
tendencies
yeah others but he goes on to say
something that really resonated with me
and made me really understand what he
meant by that so I'll share it with you
guys now there's a sociopathic mark jobs
no Steve Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg and
Steve Jobs a lot of people especially
youtubers and strain touched on this you
can't just say like you're a sociopath
the word I would like to use is
sociopathic tendencies so a lot of us me
included
we'll do some thumb should be some stuff
that lacks empathy strictly for views
right it gets us views which gets the
subscribers a motivating factor is to
reach the next next next level sociopath
is boil down someone who is just more
savage than everyone else I know it
sounds so that's it
I mean that's pretty much a clinical
definition of sociopaths somebody who is
more savage than everybody else and I
think Logan for that definition and I
just think and I'm just happy that
that's in the world Logan Paul saying
it's just someone that's more savage
than everybody else
double dab double dab will do ya
motivating factor is to reach the next
next next level sociopath is boil down
someone who is just more savage than
everyone else I know it sounds I just
I have double with that I'm having
trouble with comparisons I was making it
cool for his fans cuz they're always
like savage yeah that's what so savage
means cool right in his world yeah so a
sociopath I think a case antisocial
personality disorder which is someone
that lacks empathy someone who has a
Jenner I mean there again I'm not gonna
do it's not a it's not generally it's
not I want to call it sad come on call
it savage necessarily you know maybe a
psycho and then Ethan did you go to
psychology school cuz I am NOT a I am
NOT a trained professional it sounds to
me it does some very clinical yeah that
it sounds like something you're here in
a classroom this whole argument though
that between him and Shane like it's
just I feel like which shouldn't be this
whole thing about self diagnosing and I
feel like even Logan's definition is
wrong because I was trying to read about
it online and educate myself a little
bit before I came into this podcast and
apparently sociopathy isn't even a
clinical term the real clinical term is
antisocial personality disorder and it's
just this whole messy thing I don't like
that it's just I don't know but everyone
always just googling and self-diagnose
yeah and like but anyway Logan's
defending himself he does make a lot of
good points in here but a sociopath is
basically some of this more savage so
I'm gonna add that's through the wiki
page yeah essentially we need to add
that to the clinical definition but it's
someone that lacks empathy someone's
very manipulative someone that doesn't I
mean they lack empathy they cannot
relate with human emotion so it enables
them to do more callous things that many
of us would not feel comfortable doing
from an empathetic standpoint and so I
guess that would make them literally
more savage and a psychopath which is a
problem Shane kept comparing saying a
sociopath in a psychopath with the same
playing and implying I don't think he
said it's the same thing but he wasn't
very clean and but like he kept mixing
them up at some point yeah
well he would say sociopaths and then he
would show Psychopaths on the screen and
like someone with a knife so I was
reading about this trying to figure out
what is the difference so actually all
psychopaths are sociopaths but a
psychopath is a more severe version of a
sociopath they tend to be more violent
they tend to be more criminal and they
tend to be more ruthless mm-hmm a
sociopath can still have bonds with like
family members and strong friends but
random people and did they meet on the
street they do not have any empathy for
at all mm-hmm so there is a distinction
but this implication that they're all
you know creepy murderers yeah is not is
not true but at any rate at any rate
that's that then there was a part at the
end of Shane's new I'm checking out on
this on this documentary honestly it's
so long - it's a lot but this part made
me uncomfortable I'm not gonna lie so
here he's teasing this one's called the
enemies of Jake Paul and he is teasing
in the next episode this therapist that
he sat down with is gonna go undercover
as a producer secretly they're not gonna
tell Jake Paul so that she can study him
all day and make a diagnosis of him
it seems kind of unethical I mean I'm so
here dad the whole thing is making me
uncomfortable honestly he Shane does
acknowledge that I mean he knows that
it's weird still gonna do it but anyway
here it is
and she's there too whole time I don't
think he's going to be like themselves I
think he's gonna be comfortable I think
he's going to be kind of a fake so I
came up with a plan it sounds really
shady plan is I'm gonna pretend to be
he's going to be watching like that's
how she makes her diagnosis like she's
this is her all day I just love the
image of this therapist with them all
day like this just looking at the side
of her vision at them anyway it's free
weights tray I don't know man it's just
strange like I mean
what do you think well first of all let
me say this Jake specifically is cool so
there you go I don't know I didn't like
I think it's unnecessary because if you
if she went like Jake would still be
himself over a long day you know if
they're at his house well I guess you'll
put on a show for like five minutes but
eventually he'll be himself a sociopath
apparently is capable and well aware of
the facade that they put on mm-hmm
actually what I read is that a
psychopath so a sociopath generally is
more messy and how they present
themselves to the world but a psychopath
is extremely efficient that they can
have a mask up all the time even under
stress and duress so that they never let
their guard down yeah
so it is one of the attributes but that
being said I really don't think I really
don't think Jake is a sociopath yeah
it's yeah I the thing is he didn't
really need this whole angle I would
have been interested in just one a
really sincere look into Jake Paul's
life like I don't know why the day with
him yeah I don't know that we needed
this really dramatic mm-hmm angle of
sociopathy yeah you know PewDiePie made
a beauty buddy he made some good points
about a really long video but he was
like when they were talking about
sociopathy him and the therapist were
saying that it was like a key--and gross
yeah I guess a I don't know what do I
know but it's getting bizarre ahh mmm
it's a wild ride man this is some wild
new territory here people are loving it
yeah and the thing is it's Jake Paul so
it's hard for anyone to be like it's
very difficult ever take Jake or Logan
sight like Logan made a very reasonable
response to to Shane's video and has
yeah he did like I was I was feeling
kind of bad it like here like they're
down votes is like 130 thousand down and
he didn't really say anything worthy of
a down though personally my
that's the world we live in hmm that's
the tube we tube in so uh I'm not gonna
lie I'm gonna watch it I'm gonna watch
it
it seems unethical but I'm gonna watch
them what else we got
Cavanaugh Cavanaugh this [ __ ] guy
this Cavanaugh guy he's trying to get on
Supreme Court again there's a lot of
politics going on here you guys probably
heard of Cavanaugh and how he was
accused of all this sexual misconduct
which is sexual misconduct that's a nice
way of saying rape kind of but
regardless of what he did or didn't do I
don't know my only interest in this my
friends is the fact that they are
arguing over what is a booth now boo
thing is a big part of this show as you
may recall we have been trying to get to
the bottom of what a booth is for a long
time I feel bad for the right into the
equation a booth and a goof and the gaff
is a laugh what happens if you boof a
goof now we were wondering what's a
booth and Eric from common etiquette
came in with a definition as we were
wondering what is a booth and I look it
up it's not actually word but you found
it on urban dictionary hell yeah the
best which is the perfect place to
define something like this apparently
and correct me if your definition is
wrong it's when you shove drugs up your
ass when you go to a rave or dance party
you booth it in yes we're on the same
page that's act so actually I've got a
revived that definitional that I'm
pretty sure it means taking drugs up the
ass because what I've heard because
apparently the the anus the colon is a
very absorb absorb if absorptive and so
drinking is like you know and it's like
you do an enema we don't it's like this
you know this mean where it's like I
sleep i I'm awake so drinking alcohol in
the mouth I sleep booting alcohol in
your ass I'm awake
refers to flatulence yes so basically
the same anus sucks and as way more
membrane so if you're taking any kind of
illicit drug you put it up the ass Bowl
and you all gonna be get taking that one
great ride ticket to Valhalla if you're
willing to do that you don't have to
taste it you don't have to encounter any
bad so you just boof it right up there
what do you shotgun a beer up your ass I
don't know how that works I heard there
was kids that were dipping vodka or
tampons in vodka and then shoving it up
there I'd get drunk
it's like Jesus drink like a shot it's
drinking but apparently you get drunk
quicker and it's a pleasant experience
but I just I love you know postpones
