[Music]
welcome one and all to the h3 experience
extravagance also known as the podcast
you got to hype it up we are back with
the greatest episode we have ever
produced here of all time um you can't
say that I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm
kidding
this we're actually not doing much worth
goofin we're chilling we're chatting
when this is a very mediocre episode
we're just sitting here you know every
time it's like this is the best episode
of no this is a very mediocre up so let
me be upfront with you but sometimes the
mediocre ones are the best
maybe you you'll never know so you
unless you watch yeah well I'm just
trying to keep them interested cuz you
don't wanna be like hey it's mediocre
and I'm like well alright please turn it
off
um the media under ones are sometimes
the best and you guys all watching know
exactly what I'm talking about we got
some great stories let me just say that
today's episode is sponsored by an VMT
movement Squarespace in hims great let
me also say that we've got a wonderful
guest who's coming up after the break
William Osmond he's this incredible
engineer that makes basically products
that shouldn't exist
he's got the series he calls they didn't
ask for it but we made it anyways and he
made for me a coughing beanie which we
didn't ask for everybody might even ask
for it but he sure made it but it's
really cool and more interestingly he
was his house interestingly but
tragically let's say his house burned
down during the crazy Ventura fires I'm
sure you guys all remember yeah during
the construction of the beanie itself so
I am looking forward to chatting with
him about all of that I'm also excited
to tell you guys that the next four
weeks are insane our schedule Tom Segura
next week on June 15th buggie yeah boi
boogie2988 back on June 19th the next
week Chris D'Elia
June 29th and in July 6 we got Bo
Burnham Wow
a freaking house Wow thank you
Wow well I was right Wow thank you thank
you
and Dean can we get the Owen Wilson well
he already did your snoozing on the Wow
now get either going Wow Wow thank you
yeah I'm actually I'm so excited for all
these guys coming up I'm excited to be
here today with you because well let me
just say this that after today I'm sad
to say they were giving shredder to my
parents tonight which is so tragic it
seems so wrong to just sleep in our home
but they'll shred you but the reason
being is that tomorrow morning we are
going on vacation for my birthday it's
like make sure I mention you're going on
vacation and now shrivel is mine
shredder it's okay maybe that amount
what'd I tell you guys this one mediocre
or what all right sometimes they're the
best though close the door sometimes the
mediocre ones are the best we are live
villa for christ sake we're live have a
seat let's move on what'd I tell you did
we put on a good show uh but let's see
here I there there's a lot I want to get
to but let's cut to the chase cuz there
came up a clip of a news broadcast and I
love like [ __ ] Eve news broadcast
they're just always good but this is
like pure distilled cringe and the heart
of a star under gravity of gravitational
forces basically a black hole of cringe
it's so powerful and so great Dan go
ahead and roll it you know usually the
world of inflation
you guys drink it we notice is that a
good thing we got inflation
all right started over on you know
usually when you're talking about the
world of inflation you guys you probably
notice is that a good thing or or not a
good thing
inflation
I'm sorry the question again Dave is the
inflation in our world a good thing or
not a good thing it depends upon what
the title is what are we talking about
so he's an ad like this inflation con
like yeah inflate a balloon and so he's
trying so hard for this bun and I love
how he like Mouse his head like he's
waiting he's like he needs the answer
from back home in the studio is it a
good thing or a bad thing
and and I don't think that the guy in
the studio can hear or he can't see so
he's actually nobody's talking about was
it trying to make it Joe
yes is inflation a good thing or a bad
thing he's just like what are you
talking about Bob guys roll it in a
solution if you have an inflatable boat
you see if you heard the wind you right
but generally when you hear the word
inflation not economical good come to
mind yeah for me yeah yeah
well let me tell you that you're right
about if you say good you're right
because this is the world of inflatables
give yourselves a nice round of applause
everybody these are just a volunteers
coming out here today and Abby who
you're gonna have what kind of fun do
you think you're gonna have today what
is that is that the strangest question
you could ask someone what kind of fun
what kind of how many options are there
regular
bounce it regular fun what kind of fun
do you expect to have today here let's
see how she has lots of fun that's it
that's a good kind hoping just helping
everybody do you think you can find here
today what does that mean yeah I think
so because looking for someone say
bouncy Ollie's can come and kind of
bounce around but you need something and
I'm gonna have everyone do it like a
magic chant all right you guys ready
because when we're talking inflatables
can you buy some all these poor sons of
[ __ ] it looks like it's 8 a.m.
these guys are all working you know they
started at the beginning of a really
long day and they did not sign up for
this [ __ ] man he's about that he's about
to have him all start chanting and
clapping and [ __ ] so he's just a TV
reporter yeah what kind of fun do you
expect to have on our vacation you know
bouncy fun bouncy why would you have
bouncy fun that's been inflated are you
guys ready repeat after me
abracadabra 1 2 3
so much Tara like just you know I'm not
saying that my goodness they said it
this is an honor first of all well thank
you i we are local san diegoans so we're
proud to be here everybody on this
wonderful beautiful Saturday morning
welcome San Diego I just think you know
this is so much fun here first I posit
mister wacky's really got it together
man anyone there
he's like the most coherent person there
I wonder what kind of fun he's expecting
to have today wacky fun maybe black yeah
that's a great is there more does this
finish off with the strong little bang
there yeah yeah I had the crims
continues it's longer than a 5k right
well yes each participant has the option
a lap as many times as they want we're
out here trying to get really Alan mr.
William business families in San Diego
so we're really excited to be here we
have all kinds of attractions behind us
and of course that family they want with
inflatables on them labels on us I mean
everybody here becomes an inflatable
today do they want to be inflatables
today you guys want to be inflatable
yeah absolutely
people are adult well that's why they're
all like good I inside the big Becky is
doing the mr. wacky right now yeah you
got his head down mr. Fleming is not
there oh no I think he's texting he
should that guy was text out he was not
having any of this [ __ ] let me see yeah
this guy's a hero that's the guy that
also didn't repeat what yes tours like I
don't get paid enough for this mr. wacky
bull attendees can enjoy bounce houses
live music food and dancing I love this
guy
you know can you go back to the
beginning Dan cuz that definitely still
is my favorite part when the with that
joke which is crush go ahead let me see
this the world of inflation you guys you
probably noticed is that a good thing or
or not a good thing inflation such a
good setup you know and you had the
thing about it that's such a good stuff
is I don't know how to answer that
like he's expecting an answer I guess he
was expecting him say it's bad inflation
is bad but maybe it's good I don't know
price that's a bad moment you see this
guy this was on dad morning at yeah dad
morning a San Diego dad morning to you
shout out to all the dads it's 58
degrees out here in dad morning San
Diego dad of the morning to you go ahead
play I just wanna I want to see this I'm
sorry the question again Dave is
inflation in your lie I love it though
dad in the morning Tia as inflation
generally more of a dad thing or uh I'm
waiting for you to answer all right that
was it that was a special thing know
what that was
you know it's rare to come across a true
beautiful gem like that and I said hey
let's start this episode off right
because frankly we've got
thing else going from episode we've got
actually the show we're ready to wrap it
up I'm kidding I want first of all I'm
that's not a true we've got William
Osmond and I don't mean to uh you know
make it sound like he's not amazing who
did air alright today FBI
off-duty agent drops gun this I love so
effing good you know it's funny I saw
that video and I didn't know that was an
FBI guy well he's not in uh he's an
off-duty FBI agent and he's at a dance
off of all places drunk and he's he's
doing some crazy moves you know he's
really getting into it he's losing
himself in the music you know god bless
sometimes it's good to lose yourself in
the music like Ian last night Kanye Dan
got in into the Kanye preesh live what
do you call that [ __ ] how do you call it
a listening party listening party and I
got a clip of of Ian by the bonfire look
at he's in the tribal trance sometimes
you got to be in that travel yeah but
when those times happen don't have a
loaded gun on you know so this FBI guy
well let's just go ahead and watch look
at those moves
[Music]
[Applause]
got him see what here's my favorite part
why she's like my bad my bad y'all so he
actually shot somebody
yeah poor son of a [ __ ] in the foot my
bad how was it more but my bad orzo
wasn't me
no it was my bad my bad y'all FBI I
think it's under control and like took
it must have happened that he went and
grabbed the gun and pulled the trigger
on accident right which apply no why the
guns don't just go off when you drop it
not look that's a movie thing can we
play
yeah let's replay it because well it
also implies that the safety wasn't even
on I mean what though yeah freak happen
here now yeah you're loaded take it easy
I mean it he grabbed it yeah but he
barely touches it I know but like it was
already settled on the floor yeah I
think he must have pulled the trigger
he's clearly very drunk so the safety
wasn't on damn dog you're packing heat
so this this legend shots him on the
foot but was actually even better was
the guy who got shots reaction to being
shot you have that Dan
this guy's a [ __ ] ledge chorizo I had
to a screencap it all right from CNN or
whatever the [ __ ] so here we go now I
want charissa do you want this news
anchors intro I want jack-in-the-box a
dance no good just go to his viral video
we showed you earlier this week I wrote
it yeah this viral video
inflatable wacky man day this video got
a million hate I know what everyone
calls it a No
to skip to the they go to the leg with
friends at this Denver bar over the
weekend when 29 year-old rehabbed what
happened they're gonna circle it watch
his leg covered in blood
somebody called 911 and I blacked out
and I woke up to such a regular guy
finding tourniquets Reddington says his
injury is putting his physically
demanding job at risk walking is next to
impossible but he says after watching
this video dozen times but when I saw
him do a backflip I couldn't help but
laugh I don't blame the guy I don't want
to ruin his life the FBI tells ABC that
agent Bishop will be held accountable
and could also face criminal charges
Denver police say they're still waiting
I just love that guy I just couldn't
help but and he even goes as far to say
I don't want him to lose his job frankly
I do
that's FBI man grace it also I love that
screen cap of the FBI agent just smiling
at the camera with the shitty and grin
like you up there that was it like yup I
did yep my bad
damn he seems like he's you know just
enjoying life he's happy-go-lucky but
enjoying a little too much exactly FBI
supposed to have the collar on tight no
enjoyment I prefer my FBI agents with no
enjoyment see what happens when they
have fun no he needs to go down in a
statement from the bar they said they
hope the man will quit quickly return to
good condition and added that he will
receive complimentary free drinks
forever if he ever comes back that's
[ __ ] by the way if you're trying to
date that's sick you bring them to that
bar
not only to get free drinks all night
like I was shot in the leg here yeah
every drinks for life
that's pretty legit no that's the only
bar is gonna go to that's all I would go
to also not even for the free drinks
just for the street cred like this guy
was shot here they're gonna play like a
statue of him they should why did his
foot have two bullet holes and is anyone
questioning the what's going on
yeah it's that was that was a head
scratcher maybe that's like just uh
maybe that wasn't the bullet wound maybe
that was from the tourniquet they put on
or something I don't know I may be
related to an explanation of what I
think happened is he shot himself twice
said it was him that got shot so he can
get free drinks for life what I think
happened is that nobody got shot at all
never me I'm conspiracy FBI conspiracy
for lifetime free drinks yeah dude we
have the wackiest frickin stories today
dr. booty man hmm dr. booty I said boot
ate you right so this this is probably
it's funny we weren't gonna talk about
it I heard this on the radio as we were
parking in the office I know and I was
like oh my god this is incredible so
this woman her first of all I'm calling
her dr. booty but her actual last name
is bootay yeah how's that spelled damn
do you have it back there just like
booty butt with it oh here it was the
own Bo you tte okay dr. booty she's a
dermatologist that when patients were
under and without their consent she
would start dancing and recording it
like doing little bits and putting it on
YouTube she's doing [ __ ] well she's got
a scalpel doing a surgery and she's like
doing it on the beat like oh it's the
craziest [ __ ] ever car and not only that
I mean we've got footage here but like
um a hundred people apparently are suing
her for having botched surgeries Wow one
lawsuit claims that after eight hours of
surgery
someone sustained permanent brain damage
from a dermatologist dancing how the
[ __ ] does it dermatologists give someone
brain damage oh my god
and another she's leaning over the top
of patients bare buttocks without
surgical masks or gloves
she holds surgical instruments and
dances while wrapping her own lyrics to
me goes bad and Yuji my painter my
patients are bad and bougie building up
fat and the booty that's what she said
take it away you know what open right
there's a beyblade cadaver but like to
think like hey what the Sun you should
Jimmy Lee and suck up with her the
dentist has a dermatologist anybody like
she's a serial offender you know what I
mean - yeah
Oh horrible so she's done this hundreds
of times and she had the all these
videos on our YouTube channel and I
guess somebody made a complaint some
regulatory board like hey you know maybe
you shouldn't be doing surgery while
dancing and recording without permission
without using surgical gloves or being
sanitary or paying attention to your
open patient with the scalpel a crazy
man that's so scary it makes me think
like whenever you go to weird doctor and
you have all this like scary thoughts in
your head like real man they're all real
what do you think Jimmy Lee does too
when your honor and she put it on
YouTube yeah did she have subscribers
like what I don't know that it's the
channels gone now I wonder how many subs
she had yeah it's interesting its unique
content was he titled them this morning
when we heard this story they put played
a sound bite of her saying I did my
soul-searching and I have done nothing
wrong they're like do you think that um
now that you have had time to reflect do
you think you've done anything wrong I
love that line I've done soul-searching
I've searched my soul I've meditated
deep and long about this and I've
concluded I've done nothing wrong
ever in my life how what kind of sauce
you didn't you didn't search deep enough
keep searching
your soul has many crevices left still
to search but I wonder what she titled
her videos opera Nicki Minaj Wow hasn't
gone wrong right live operation Nicki
Minaj Beauty what's the name of that uh
uh bad and bougie bad and bougie live
while operating on a patient and the
thing is they blurring them in this
video but I think you could see some
bare asses and like naked cadavers what
they didn't know there be filmed a prop
the story is unbelievable lover dr.
booty and Jimmy Lee we need a crossover
of a lie
those new together yeah I'm just I'm
salivating so um let's take a quick
break when we come back we will be here
with your boy William Osmond with the
coughing beam Ian it's a really cool
invention a great story I think you guys
gonna love this guy after that we've got
some great gaffes to get to I've got
this segment about reporters destroying
[ __ ] like while they interview people
like you know school record [ __ ] they're
like hey how's it going then they topple
the whole thing I love no but I've got a
conspiracy about it till we've been we
we we noticed a trend
and we're suspicious and we have
thoughts that we'd like to share in fact
we should have people call in dan only
get some thoughts on that okay so don't
go away
we will be right back after this
commercial break
see you soon thank you to movement and
VMT for sponsoring this episode
listen do you understand what a nice
watch can do to your look that extra
little touch of class that makes your
dick extra touchable and my dick ela if
you saw a guy with a watch like this
what are the chances that you would
touch his dick as opposed to not 100%
whoa you heard it here I don't want you
hanging around any other guys with
movement watches [ __ ] I'm the only one
you guys know about movement these two
close dropouts have started their own
wash company this company's growing like
crazy and now with almost 2 million
watches sold in 160 countries they
continue to revolutionize fashion the
belief that on the belief that style
