[Music]
welcome welcome welcome
the Tuesday episode of the h3 podcast
this is the experience that you need you
may hear other people talking about
current events giving their opinions on
things but let me tell you there is no
other place on the internet with the
cutting edge informed opinions correct
opinions like here on the h3 podcast
Tuesday's edition so welcome one and all
to the current events experience oh
that's the wrong one there you go
today's episode is sponsored by better
help and just to remind you guys you all
better hurry on down to Teddy fresh
because we're having a crazy sale we
have completely lost our minds end of
season sale fusing 50% off long sleeves
hoodies jackets trinkets beanies hats
y'all better head on down to tell you
fresh cops lush collections / sales Wow
some of these are even sold out so there
is serious urgency here this is serious
let's just get right into it we have the
best opinions here at the HD podcast
you're gonna find out just what I'm
talking about
actually for the rest of the month we
have gas booked and booked booked so the
idea was that we're gonna deliver to you
guys a Tuesday episode with current
events cutting-edge well-thought-out
well informed opinions that are correct
every time they're expressed and if you
disagree it may be time to switch the
channel because these are correct
opinions good for the day let's start
from the top baby you know I was told I
was joking with ela yeah just a week ago
I said you know what is a funny joke
maybe to tweet ela with back to school a
kevlar backpack I was like hey get 50%
off your kevlar backpacks back to school
sale and it looks like tasteless don't
tweet it yeah I thought it's probably
too far I was like okay maybe you're
right maybe I'm just twisted sick
individual
guess what we saw where what what what
new station was the song here let me pop
this up Fox News Fox Business one of
those fox business are we separating
those others different singing yeah
that's pretty much the same thing well
anyway on fox news this is there's so
many layers of greatness to this this is
the goof of the day by the way if you
guys if we need to regiment it out there
you go so they're selling bulletproof
vests
a bulletproof backpack while playing
bulletproof the song sponsored by
Chrysler I was just gonna make a little
joke here they're selling it on the new
sponsor by Chrysler you know it's like
damn it's like Chrysler like the car
company yeah this all sponsored by car
Chrysler school shooting sponsored by
Chrysler yeah high-end bulletproof
backpacks and clothing revenge oh boy
just shoot her point-blank that'll
that'll that'll teach the kids how to
make sure their backpacks works and
remember kids if you want to insure that
your backpack is indeed bulletproof
bring a gun to school and shoot your
friend point-blank it is anticipated to
reach more than 5 billion oh they're
really projecting a lot by 2025 you
cannot project out what seven years in
seven years I'm projected to be the
President and see if that happens
so I thought this was just a goof I
thought this was a total blast so next
time you guys go to the Chrysler
dealership remember think school
shootings sing of a Mack Mack pickup it
with your new Chrysler get a Kevlar
backpack how much is that gonna do and
that's just like well
imagine there's like an active-shooter
you like call your backpack around run
trying to like dodge the bullet and [ __ ]
brought to you by Chrysler so whose
tasteless now Gila
do you think about my ideas now don't do
it kind of a forward thinker aren't I
see I did it as a joke but these guys
are serious as a I want to say school
she traditional saying is as serious as
a heart attack and I want to revise it
do as serious as a school shooting for
as much extra tastelessness as possible
now illa you've heard the saying they're
taking our jobs robots are taking our
jobs I've expressed concern on this very
podcast that automation are taking our
jobs now this video is going to haunt
you it is going to really concern you
and hopefully everyone watching at home
this is not to be taken lightly okay
what we have here is a golfing robot if
they can golf better than us then we are
really [ __ ] look at this golfer
yesterday they robot boom taking a swipe
at this one really you know it's true
you know it's real look at these guys
jumping and cheering for their for the
heralding the end and ten years was not
gonna be golfers anymore so gonna be a
bunch of robots on the field hitting
balls my would go
robots are killing it no football
basketball just me robots that is
actually pretty cool though you won't
see that again yeah yeah really cool
down Robin
kind of looks like the guy that would
play that's insane shot robot dudes
his name is Eldrick hole-in-one so value
your jobs they're coming for him
all of them posts Malone our dear friend
I don't know if you guys followed this
has just happened this morning well last
night he won song of the year yeah VMAs
very proud of him congratulations yeah
he won it for rock star and just I just
I want to congratulate him I want to say
I love him he's a sweet dear great guy
he deserves it and it's insane to see
what he's accomplished since we met him
I mean even just this year we probably
met him like two years ago now but like
this year alone since his new album came
out it's crazy
mm-hmm damn and it's easy to forget was
he's 23 years old okay that should make
everybody at home depressed that
depresses the hell out of me
when I was 23 years old mmm I was
probably playing World of Warcraft and
it's in a disgusting dormitory room with
like leftover burritos I mean I was
going nowhere fast
pretty incredible yeah what a 23 year
old can accomplish so love and pride for
him let's watch his acceptance speech
here you go
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
popular choice on this Punk hold up we
go everybody give it up for 21
give it up the post well
I just want it you know you go to bed
and you dream about maybe winning and
then whenever you get up here you don't
remember what the hell to say because
you wrote it all but you know thank you
so much my solo yeah he's not that tall
he's a tall guy he's not that tall why
are y'all making him I'll act like he's
five - for Christ's sake I mean the guy
it's his big moment why are you making
them hunched over like that that's a
good point you look damn the song thank
you everybody for listening it's fine I
would never you know expect to do this
ever so this is sick and thank you so
much he seems Oh 21 they closed the mic
on us
Thank You Tazawa lower than rank more
can we lower the mic they felt like a
button er like can we lower the mic on
savage by the way I have we were at his
birthday party and I was like man I want
to get him a sick birthday gift cuz he's
like such a good friend he bought you a
really beautiful gift on your birthday
mm-hmm he got ela like this Limited
Edition supreme Fender Strat guitar
there's only like 30 of them in the
world yeah I don't I don't have anything
that is so valuable
other than that I didn't know what to do
I don't know it's a new want to take it
on the wall but he just shows up he
shows up like a couple hours after he
shows up some dude shows up with a
guitar yeah and it was like this
incredible Fender Strat supreme
limited-edition and I was like oh wow
really cool guitar I didn't even
understand that he was giving it to you
I thought the guy just delivered it to
pulse and then he left I was like oh we
forgot his guitar hmm and he was like
it's for me
no I didn't get that but anyway I was
like damn how the [ __ ] do we top that so
well you can't so right you I can't
really but I was like how I gotta get
him a really nice gift so I got I went
down he's a
fanatic we've been to this gun store
together and I got him this cool little
snipey what you just linked me dad what
I think is the guitar that you're
talking about no let's show it we got
pictures on deck
yeah is this one did we are so
interactive we are so this is such an
experience that we can just talk about
something and show it to you at the same
time cutting-edge technology yeah this
is such an experience if only I could do
it with him pretty incredible stuff here
folks
party pretty incredible stuff here folks
okay I I'm still I don't know how do you
display it do you do you frame it cuz it
also comes in a nice box keep it in the
box
get out of the box you take it out of
the box I think you you mean there's
mounts for guitars I think I'm just like
a wall piece I don't think you I think
you just hang it mm-hmm but anyway I'm a
co-owner whose birthday ELA was gone so
I was kinda on my own by the way taking
care of myself which is hard enough as
it is and so I go to this gun shop I'm
like what can I do what can I get
post so he had ordered this this really
cool Glock from them and I was like I
want to get him something dope so I got
him just a little snipey cool asked
leiserson IP that you put on top of the
Glock right not the official name are
you just calling it an IP it's called a
snipe II know it's a it's a scope it's a
sick-ass scope by the way because you
only see it if you look through this
night be whole so if you got someone
locked on they don't see the laser right
here like in the movies only you see it
this might be dead right and I got him
like a thousand rounds I thought I was
feeling pretty good I had like two ammo
boxes a snipey a bunch of rounds and I
was like you know what's the thoughtful
gifts personal it's pretty weird to shop
in to a party where I know it was a big
party and I felt a little bit strange
filling up with ammo at that gun store I
was like are you sure this is okay it's
funny I actually went in there to buy
ammo weapon I was like I'm gonna buy him
a gun they're like - you can't like what
are you [ __ ] stupid you can't buy him
a gun and bring it to a party
how's like oh I guess that does make
sense I guess that's probably a good
thing I guess that's like the one thing
you can't do in America I was like
that's probably yeah that's probably a
good thing
it's funny on one hand I'm like here on
the show being like gun control yeah I'm
like can I buy a weapon and then on the
same day give it to somebody else
they're like no dude okay I guess that
makes sense anyway I bought him a bunch
of ammo a thousand rounds of sniper I
probably spent like $1,500 pretty good
for us yeah I was like damn I hooked him
I'm to do it up and then I calmed and I
was like hey man check out what I got
you and he was very gracious isn't about
post at all this is more a rant against
21 Savage because I had beef with that
guy he doesn't know it so I mean pulse
was very gracious very sweet as you know
he's a perfect angel probably the
closest thing to perfect human being and
then savage shows up and he gives him I
[ __ ] you not like five minutes later
$100,000 watch yeah and I'm like okay
mr. [ __ ] hip-hop you got to know my
broke ass up you know what kind of watch
was it you remember I don't know it but
it was like on the news and now it on
Twitter news where's my snipey in there
and now I see Austin walking around with
his sick ass hundred thousand dollar
watch I don't see him walking around
with this snipey look it's not about how
much the gift cost it's about the the
gesture in this case it was most
definitely about well he loved the watch
it was a great watch it was a great gift
I just honestly wish maybe you could
have waited and giving it to him before
the party you know like maybe a
different time Savage I mean it's kind
of rude to me personally and I do take
it as a kind of a problem
so if you see Savage let him know that
we do have beef don't let everyone know
about anyway congratulations to post
Malone and then
morning that happened last night and
this morning I see my brother-in-law
who's like somehow like we got to hire
my brother to do research this guy is
like in tune with the world yeah he
sends me a TMZ article it's like post
Malone's
airplane is stuck in the air the wheels
blew out when they take off by the way
what how the wheels should blow up when
you're taking off how's that a thing so
he's circling around doing an about to
do emergency landing there in the air
doing circles trying to burn up fuel to
reduce the weight so they can you know
land more safely and so anyway he landed
he is safe we're all very happy about
that we were watching live here in the
office he made this tweet I landed guys
thank you for your prayers cannot
believe how many people wish death on me
[ __ ] you but not today I can't believe
that when I read that I was like whoa I
didn't see anything I mean I wasn't
looking well yeah I wasn't leaving but
people are so insane be like imagine
he's on the airplane like super scared
and he's reading [ __ ] like I hope he
crashes and dies I'm like whoa y'all
[ __ ] me Jesus no I mean I would never
say that to anyone but if you said that
to him you need Jesus can you diagnose
that ELA why are people saying that to
him do they need Jesus or what are they
missing just knew their life okay yeah
so anyway love congratulations
appreciation to post Malone safe and
he's alive and he's looking good he's
got all this suits lately yeah I know
it's crazy
you look thin in that VMA video - yeah
it's a lot of weight I think he's losing
weight he's slamming he's jamming he's a
rock star love is us
now moving on to something more
interesting than that somebody emailed
over the past couple of days an email
that kind of stood out to me and shocked
me he said to me hey I've been listening
a lot to your conversation about wiping
and anal you know cleanliness and
hygiene
mmm-hmm and he says you know what I do
is I near my [ __ ]
I was like whoa there is a topical cream
that you apply to the hair and then you
and then basically it burns it off and
you just wipe it clean so this guy was
like I use sensitive Nair on my [ __ ]
ring and I wiped the Hara I was like
whoa
that is so insane and hilarious I think
I have to try it and I think you
shouldn't because this stuff is like you
could burn your skin I actually I didn't
know what it was I went on Amazon just
to check the reviews and like most of
the reviews our pictures of people who
got burned see any [ __ ] no [ __ ]
more resilient or less resilient right
no really cuz it touches [ __ ] I think
they know well I think that's part of
the charm is that to them first of all
this is very I mean in the pursuit of
knowledge this is like forbidden fruit
forbidden knowledge mm-hmm biblical and
the biblical or an omission it's more
important it's not just a mission this
is God's work you read the messenger if
you read the Bible the story of Adam and
Eve the Apple is the forbidden knowledge
people don't always talk about how they
wipe their ass and clean their ass and
these are important things that we need
to collectively share our knowledge so I
think of myself as kind of a trailblazer
of a kind of a Magellan mmm-hmm Columbus
I don't know I think he was someone who
explored okay I'm an explorer
I'm kind of a darling if you will I'm a
great thinker
they said Isaac Newton he Isaac Newton
said of himself I'm not a giant I just
stand on the shoulders of those before
me
mmm that's what I'm how is that related
because I'm not
swiping giant I I stand on the shoulders
of the wealth of knowledge of those who
have come before me nobody has dared in
the history of mankind as far as I can
tell to collect this knowledge and to
share it with the world this is
important stuff Fela mm-hmm so I think
the pursuit of the forbidden fruit and
the biblical tale of Adam and Eve
there is much the same and so I will
near my [ __ ] in Hebrew and there is
like something you put inside your ass
really when you do that on what is it
and let's say you need to take a pill
but through your ass like medicine
how'd you call a suppository yeah so
that's what that's called in there oh
that's so the first time you said it to
me I was like what do you mean mm-hmm
you good that's almost a sign from God I
mean Hebrew is God's language right so
NER in a way it was almost a Destiny the
destiny all use of NER was yeah so you
kind of supporting my my no no well I
think before not as we come in there my
[ __ ] for better or worse if it burns
if it cures I I mean I have never had a
wipe in recent memory that wasn't Harry
and I think that this could be a gun has
the Metamucil been helping you love it
mm-hmm it's not a cure-all like a lot of
people asking for updates on the meta
music's fiber supplement I've been
taking it to cuz it's so so just fiber
we should be good but like when I didn't
notice any difference in my really yeah
see the first time I took I swear to god
it was like Teflon : I just slid right
out yeah
but for me it's not the end-all
situation like Chris had mm-hmm III have
a hybrid situation I I'm using less baby
wipes but I'm still ending what suppose
well he takes more because there's these
huge pills and they say you have to take
lucky them and thinking whoa yeah
well I'm curious what are you guys you
know I I want not just the the great
thinkers who join us here today I'm
looking for the great thinkers out there
the great minds out there that have
interesting wiping techniques there's a
lecture
dark web yeah exactly so guys give us a
ring today eight oh eight hot meme and
we're looking for great great thinkers
okay so give us a call at eight oh eight
hot meme and share your techniques I'm
very curious to hear what you're doing
okay with that being said we've got so
many great videos come up we're gonna
take a quick break but coming up next do
drinks his own calm in a video that's
fully monetized the channel name is gay
God beautiful and he is living up to
that name he drinks his own come maybe I
don't know if I give you a reason to
close it but it's very funny very I
don't think you wanna miss this with
that being said my dudes Les Cayes could
do a break we'll be right back
thank you to better help for sponsoring
this episode they shoot podcasts I need
some better help I am anxious right now
God seriously but but this is one of
these genius services it's online
counseling mmm they've got fully
licensed counselors ready to consult
with at anytime you get access to
licensed trained fully accredited
counselors and therapists lgbtq+
