[Music]
welcome one and all to the h3 podcast
experience we're trying to compete with
Joe Rogan over here
hell yeah my theory is that a podcast
can never compete with an experience
he's got an experience right so I'm
trying to even the playing field a
little bit
you needed sea weed pills or something
yes I need some kind of supplement
experience supplement thank you to hims
a Felix gray an audible for sponsoring
us today and if you haven't already
guessed today I would say our group
arguably the most successful youtuber of
all time Oh Bieber Bieber yeah I can't
there's no argument no number can we say
number two no I because like the idea is
that like if you make stuff outside of
YouTube you're more successful I don't
think that's true I'm saying like there
youtubers make way more money than me
may not agree more people I mean I don't
think it's like you know it's legit and
successful just because you you know in
my mind I feel like it there's some
truth to it if you can escape in a way
it's almost it is an escape because it
really frees you like what you do with
your comedy acts is kind of not
compatible with YouTube you think kind
of I don't know well it's like maybe
maybe not the whole stage and the
lighting and all the coordination and my
appearance for a year yeah well that
that's really why I left are not left I
when I was you moved on I just wanted to
do live stuff I mean even when I was
posting the early videos like I just
wanted to perform on stage I was doing
theater that's what I wanted to do even
I was performing those videos like I'd
be like I really want to go to stage
with these and then I performed them on
stage and if I had posted the video it
wouldn't get that much of a reaction
realize like oh if I didn't post this
stuff and people heard it for the first
time in the room is was it was exciting
so well I didn't introduce you Bo
Burnham okay basically I would say one
of the most beloved called me acts for
the past decade including two of my
favorite what and make happy on Netflix
you see both are Netflix what's on
YouTube yeah what's back on Netflix its
back it's everywhere it's everywhere
folks and he's just written and directed
a new movie that's out today on limited
release right
nationwide in two weeks yeah New York
and LA and then it'll be out somewhere
else
eighth-grade which by the way is getting
rave reviews 98 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes whoa let me hit you with the
sounds actually 99 now whoa they raised
it you're like you know what
98 [ __ ] that yeah yeah 99 ooh can we get
it to 100 can we off that one [ __ ]
loser
no we can sure no yeah can you and the
interns on it here's where he did he's
up two words you know not you're good I
would tell if he had a book hanging it's
all good I went I went like you and with
that I'm free but it does have 100% in
my heart appreciate it I went and I saw
it last night it's very kind of I missed
the screening and I absolutely loved it
you missed the screening I missed the
screening so I went saw it last night
okay okay okay how how are you feeling
about it I mean the movies out it's
getting rave reviews it's getting rave
reviews I'm feeling great I won't say
I'm really grateful to be here I'm a fan
of yours either a fan of the podcast is
true you know and though I haven't been
like posting a lot on YouTube I'm
watching the [ __ ] all the time
really yeah all the time I mean like my
main relationship with the Internet is
as a viewer and as someone just who do
you ask who do you of frequent like who
do you like you're you know you're one
of the few people like it's very popular
that I watch I mean I don't know if it's
like getting to me but like ila I it's
sort of what the movie ended up being
like I love people on the internet then
no one's watching
I love the review review bruh I love to
review bro yeah yeah report of the week
oh yeah he's yeah he's a legend
incredible yeah but I really love like
people on the internet that no one's
watching so I'll often like search
something and then view it by upload
date oh yeah I mean you're a d gritty
yeah so I love deep dives like there's
this dude who's a hoarder who cooks hot
dogs on candles and it's very nauseating
is he have character or is it just the
it's the intrigue of it all does he have
character like it's he very entertaining
or no more bone chilling it's chill yeah
yeah yeah it's like him like can we
should we give him a shout-out I don't
know his name and I don't know it's not
lawyer yeah and it really is like he
takes a tour of his like hoarding house
and he cooks like he calls some sausages
and there's a video of him making
sausages and peaches it's aptly
incredible we could probably pull it out
yeah it's one cooking sausages and it's
really not yeah
Ian try bind us the hotdogs and sausages
or the P calls it sausages and peaches
but it is most certainly hotdogs okay
but no I just like I I don't know but
yeah I watch them from the background
and I want to talk a lot about that but
first I want to ask like what was your
motivation almost for writing this film
because it's a departure it's kind of a
surprise to a lot of your fans of like
oh wow where did this movie come from
it's very specific yeah every - with a
very specific narrative like you had a
purpose so I'm wondering what was what
motivated you kind of to go that route
it was like it's about a girl like a 13
year old girl last week eighth grade and
you know I did stand up for me and found
it already by the way but amazing well I
I it'll be a it'll be a hard living face
conversation I I you know perform Santa
for a long time and I was feeling
anxious and I wanted to sort of talk
about the Internet and my own anxiety in
a way and so I had felt like my anxiety
for a long time was like very specific
to me being a 25 year old comedian with
like an audience and then I would like
do my shows and like young kids would
come up to me and say they felt like me
and they felt like they knew what I was
going through even when I was talking
about was like being on stage in front
of thousands of people I'm like why is
this resonating with you and I just
think the sort of pressures the weird
pressures that are usually only afforded
to like d-list celebrities have now been
democratized and given to everybody so I
was always interested in like who are
the telling a story about someone on the
internet that nobody's watching because
the Internet tends to and the culture at
large tends to only talk about the
people on the internet that are being
mean but the majority people on the
internet and there's a lot more and more
who are just talking to the camera
nobody's watching yeah that's 99 percent
of the videos that are uploaded 99.9 you
know and the kind of the only thing we
talk about is like people that go viral
and as someone that went viral it's
really not that interesting yeah yeah
it's like the actual interesting thing
is just trying to engage with this thing
and trying to be seen and trying to be
heard and to me the people that weren't
being heard were actually engaged
much deeper more honest thing well there
was one of the central themes I think
that I extracted from it was like how
social media or this abundant of all
this going on with YouTube and Twitter
and Instagram is affecting kids because
I think there's a five year difference
between us but when I grew up there was
no like growing up as a kid was hard
enough yeah but then when you have all
this new social media introduced to them
and the way that you portray the girl
how she's glued to these social medias
is very accurate I think like how is
this affecting kids I don't know all the
time is that it I don't quite know
exactly like and truly it was me wanted
to talk about how it felt to me and how
it felt to me was it made me feel
nervous and weird and unsure of myself
and that seems like I you mean social
media yeah yeah just having to sort of
represent yourself having to live your
life and then also live your life on
this other place and then the sense of
like because of that floating behind
yourself through situations I just think
it's like weird and disembody and like a
little disassociative or something but
more than anything it was like I I'm
happy for people to like leave the movie
thinking about that stuff but I don't
want the movie to be like a TED talk or
like gonna be some like finger wagging
[ __ ] because that's what it's so noisy
it wasn't by the way let me just say one
last thing yeah but but like that I
don't know it just feels like the
internet hasn't even in least in popular
media hasn't even been described let
alone figure it out like so so yeah I
just wanted to portray it and portray it
how it feels to her and me a little bit
which is just weird it's just like it's
a lot but if it's not like it's just
shitty it's not like it's like we should
just if we have to our phones in the
ocean we'd be happy it's like it's both
we're super connected we're super lonely
we're super stimulated we're super numb
we're self expressing and objectifying
it's like yeah I wouldn't be here
without the internet you know I mean
like obviously I'm so so grateful for it
but also it's you know there's there may
be a happy medium between like the 60
minutes talking about like yes
narcissistic kids and like come on
creators or whatever the [ __ ] that you
you
tube conversation is where it can't
self-examine at all I feel like well on
my part I'm a grown man more or less and
I've recently pretty much quit using
social media because it's it's honestly
too much for me for me like uh like even
me for a long day ahead like a quota for
myself fry was like I need a post every
day on Twitter once yeah because it in a
way it's like if I don't tweet do I
exist though mmm like am I still in the
minds of these people and I found by the
way that the answer is very much yes you
still do exist if you don't tweet but
like there was just a really unhealthy
interaction I had with it like checking
that first thing in the morning to
assorted to sitting down to pee be on my
phone I was like this is [ __ ] up this
is totally because you don't really get
a lot of time out of that you sit down
at well you mean what does that buy you
like 30 second 30 40 minutes at most
right no that's a condition yeah yeah
we'll get into that but yeah I but that
that is part of what the movies hope
when you get out is that like it isn't
like sit down to pee and you use your
phone and for that so you would just
open Twitter really fast while you were
on the John yeah and if it's cold I'll
piss through the space in the the seat
in the bowl and all over my pants it's
nothing happens does that happen you
still die stepping when I was a kid and
I would have like a morning would and
like cuz your dick points down into the
bowl yeah definitely but you're still
able to pee through the hole yeah soft
yeah I was just kidding so I yeah I was
trying to explore that yeah yeah no no
no I was like totally kidding I just
made up a really specific joke that's
never happened um you've never peed
through the crack when you were a kid
all right let's get off let's get it
let's get off I try to be vulnerable
with you yeah all right but yeah I think
like people people look at me I'm like
am so glad I'm not in eighth grade
anymore I'm so glad I'm not so awkward
on I don't have to deal with social
media and I'm like you're the worst
people on social media are thirty roles
and yeah hit people in their late 20s
like from talking with the kids the kids
have the best chance of being chill on
it cuz they like actually have a little
bit of self-awareness and kind of have
grown up with it it's the 30 year olds
that pretend like they're not
you know addicted to it and be
sooo I just like I can't believe what my
friends look like online I can't believe
there's so many people that I don't mind
in real life and I hate them just hate
them and there's never the opposite
there's never anything like what is it
that they do online that makes you hate
them it's just so transparent right what
everyone's doing things trying to look
like peachy and trying to look PG or
trying to or trying to be ironically
peachy or you know like I mean
humblebrag is the word of right of the
21st century well I heard you say
something that I really liked is
something that's been ringing with me is
like if you ironically hate something
it's not really better than like if you
are Roenick lee if you're self-aware of
doing something that you didn't like
yeah it's not really different you know
everyone like you see that on YouTube a
lot of people being like click baiting
ironically but yeah yeah well you still
know you're still doing that it's like
and I did that when I was 16 17 was like
buy my merch I'm a sellout it's like
that no you're still a [ __ ] yeah he
doesn't being self-aware saves you
nothing you know the most and it's like
the ironic [ __ ] the most ironic [ __ ]
online is like Old Spice commercials and
Geico commercials where they're going on
being like this is a Geico commercial
wink and it's like [ __ ] you yeah there's
like Deadpool it's like a 200 million
dollar movie winking at you and it's
like is that cool yeah I don't know I'm
just saying like this sort of like
surrealist cool crazy Adult Swim like
aesthetic has been totally co-opted by
like Allstate hey on Allstate but you
what I'm saying I feel like it's I don't
know yes it just feels yeah to me let me
ask you how does making a movie compared
to your other creative endeavors that
you've done so far it was good I was
just desperate to work with other people
I was like um you know stand-up you just
look to yourself and I was so tired of
my own head yeah I mean I was just so
tired of my voice in my face so I just
want to work with people again I did
theater like growing up and that's why I
really loved that's not like when I fell
in love with [ __ ] so yeah I was just
about working with people and getting
out of my own head and that was nice
that's awesome because like trying to
explore my own anxiety by being alone on
stage it surprisingly ended up making it
worse you have problems with things I
oh yeah I also have suffered from that
but I'm curious have you found something
that's helped you how long have you been
suffering from anxiety longer in
hindsight than I thought when I was in
high school sophomore year I was in the
in the hospital with stomach problems
thinking uh I just like I did like you
know drank Barry I'm thinking I'm having
all this like of holes in my intestines
and I was just nervous [ __ ] my pants
it's funny I find it interesting that
you weren't aware mmm that it was
anxiety you were feeling well it was so
constant that we I didn't think it could
have been it was every day um which
actually probably should have pointed to
anxiety but but um and then it really
when I was 23 I had my first panic
attack
on stage and then that was like oh she
how did you how did the show continue it
continued I've had like you know you
push through it
yeah I've had about ten on stage and
[ __ ] what happens in that moment you
become like very self-aware tunnel
vision like tunnel vision and then like
you know numb body and then if just a
total like out-of-body feeling and
what's so weird
what's so weird about it is that it's
with it's it's happening within the
structure of a show that is written out
- but - the word you mean sort of like I
can't even like go I'm feeling like I
have to I have to like say so it ends up
like a I'm in Groundhog's Day and I like
or like I have a script they have to
keep - so I have this inner monologue
freaking out and then I'm having to
perform by ground that you're able to
still like perform the script while
having a somewhat out of body experience
yeah I was but it was like it was like
I'd be a little out of breath so I'd be
the the entire show for 20 minutes would
be existing like on like the inhale kind
of um it was definitely was my best work
you know
do you remember for me my anxiety I
think I was diagnosed with like
generalized anxiety disorder and I had
like a very specific moment of like
almost breaking like a breaking point
where it just came out of nowhere did
you have a moment like that it was
actually it I had a panic attack in it
in Providence Rhode Island
which is funny cause like you know I've
taught like people who went
she'll have heard this now don't you
know I don't think my parents were there
and couldn't tell what's happening mmm
Providence Rhode Island it was like a
theater like 3,000 people had a panic
attack was really bad then went to New
York had three shows had a panic attack
in the middle show went to see the
Martian the next day and got very very
angry because it wasn't about anxiety
and I didn't know it felt like so
perfect for my life like how is this
story about a guy alone on Mars locked
and it felt so true to me and then it
was just like about how he's like a good
botanist or something he movies probably
chill I was just in the bad place and
then I had a panic attack on the train
to DC mmm the next day um which was
another show and I had like this was
like the first week of a tour that was
like 45 shows and 50 days and that was
when I was like there's something going
on here yeah like this is bad and I can
never do this again um that that that
was the worst time of my I've had a
pretty fortunate life that was
definitely one of the hardest yeah
stretches of my life and and like how
did you kind of get through it I mean
did you find at the time was it like for
me it was almost unbearable like I
couldn't even live I was completely
debilitated for like six months I would
say try meditation you know I've been
meditating for [ __ ] the problem is
there's just a show every night and
there was like very like surreal comical
things right be like googling how to
deal with stage fright you know before
show in front of 3,000 people and the
answers would be like don't worry like
if you're if you're doing this in front
of your class or at Town Hall like
people don't really write about what
you're saying no no no there's 3,000
people that have paid $40 in or have
waited you know like it is they do care
yeah it like really helped me to find
out that like Barbra Streisand prays
mm-hmm Adele like I get actually really
helped well it's such a weird thing like
how you almost have to be more of a
[ __ ] psycho to not experience anxiety
exactly like it's like being the
president like I don't know how you well
I I've long held that you have to be an
actual sociopath that even want to be
President
yeah so those guys don't feel like yeah
I just feel cold-blooded yeah we got a
good one right now but yeah they're
usually pretty bad yeah he's I I get the
he's not having much self-awareness
self-aware moments right now yeah yeah
no um yeah my Mac I know my body's on
fire
