welcome everybody to the h3 podcast
experience we've upgraded it to
experience today how can I compete with
Joe Rogan if I'm not an experiment come
on you got to sniff it up here we are
sponsored today by me undies hems and
clip and I am very honored and happy to
introduce the very funny Tom Seguros
here with us today what was that Dan oh
I can hear you through this bomb we have
this notorious problem because now we're
live on YouTube and we can't take
anything back oh right so as long as we
stick the landing yeah it's all good but
I was like I heard and I thought he was
like take it from the top
back to one nothing will okay our we're
stuck
well let me finish my intro Tom Segura
has three extremely funny stand-up
specials on Netflix disgraceful which I
have to say is probably one of my top 5
favorites wow thanks man that's very
nice loving that thank you recommend
everybody check that out thank you
mostly stories and completely normal
they're all on Netflix he's the host of
your mom's and podcasts along with his
wife house oh my god mom's house podcast
I'm zipping right all right we can't
start over again along with his wife
which we have in common
yes christina pazsitzky pretty close
pretty good it's pretty good it's
actually pazsitzky plus she has a as
publicly changed it to christina p thank
you say have you got the public service
yeah you know i was i listen to the
intro of your guys's podcast like 20
times oh really i hate oh names wrong
yeah no you gave a valiant effort but i
wasn't trying to say like hey
yeah he's also going on a tour across
the u.s. starting in august you can buy
tickets at Tom Segura calm slash tour
thank you sir
and very pleased in order to have you
with us thank you thank you guys for
having me here thank you so much thank
you man
I'm a big fan of you guys how's it going
it's going good man not going good
things seem to be going really well for
you seeing you like more and more yeah
and it seems like things are happening
for Tom Segura if
it's been a it's been a good couple
years like with you know it's like
steady things moving along just happy to
be you know doing what I do yeah and
yeah the podcast is is is going along
and the touring has been has been great
so nice I feel very lucky you guys
Netflix started giving getting into
comedy was that a lot like a big
game-changer for you and other comedians
all for sure Ben cuz me when they pay
more you get more I got in what is
considered we're talking about how you
know Internet years are different than
real years yeah so that first one I did
completely normal I did I shot it in
2013 and getting on Netflix was like a
consolation prize hmm that's what like
people now can't even imagine that but
that was the goal was Comedy Central and
Comedy Central was that that was we shot
it in 2013 so five short years yeah and
when they when we shot it and try to
sell out something they were like and
there's not really a theme to it that
was their note yeah we were like I mean
his jokes that's the theme is I'm doing
stand-up the whole time and they were
like critical then I was kind of bummed
out about that you know that that it was
not going to because that was like the
place to be and then I know that I know
was sent to Showtime I remember it must
have been a pass and I don't remember
any note or anything and then I remember
getting the call they're like Netflix is
willing naked they're willing yeah like
they'll do it I'll do that favor and I
was like hmm and they go now it's great
like people watch it all the time you
know cuz it was still like I mean that's
only five years ago but I think that
streaming was still on an upswing people
are still getting DVDs in the mail from
them really oh yeah for sure I mean I
feel like 2012 I remember where I was
living and for sure we were doing DVDs
all the time Wow 2013 probably it's it's
hard to really grasp how much change in
five years I know in technology you know
that's light yeah it's just it's crazy
right it's it's it's so many years right
but then when it went up I didn't know
I remember doing clubs so I shot in 2013
they started streaming in early 2014 and
a few months after that like I sold out
of club one time and this guy was like I
remember the club manager goes I don't
know what the you did but a lot of
people came this week and I was so not
thinking of the effect of this special I
was like I don't know because like
months since I shot it and I was like I
don't know what people are here yeah and
then it just was like a slow and steady
increase from there so having the
exposure because Netflix now has like
half of every household in America it's
crazy now and actually have to say they
promote your for whatever I don't know
I've seen your disgraceful your new
stand-up on the home page almost every
time I so probably because they have you
know it's really a data company and they
study you so much and you should see
when you go a marketing meeting about
something you have coming out the way
that they market you differently in
every territory Wow
different colors different patents I'll
show you on the in your last special
more people clicked on this in Brazil
get all this data well they don't know
they don't provide Italy's give you an
example watch your no I
damn no they don't they don't give me
that interesting of course of
course I think this is great I think
you're you're downplaying yourself a
little bit because it's on trending now
when like popular on Netflix is is oh
really for a long time like in the top
five
oh that's really cool yeah it's been
it's been a fun ride with them for sure
I mean every you know from that time
2013 like which we said was not that
long ago to like now we're now they're
they're more even more selective and
shut people down and no and but and then
give into buying offers that's like 30
million he got 20 million per person for
I love how he balanced and then he came
back and he's like alright I'm
collecting all the money you out
man yeah and then sorry I forgot a
nine-figure deal he does any money so
yeah wait wait for their community wait
nine figures yeah yeah give yourself a
minute though wait for comedians hang up
really well Stefan is a Millie it's okay
hundred yeah under
Plus what so he's you don't need any
more money it's for comedians in cars
getting coffee I think he's gonna do the
special that came out last year another
special right and then another some type
of another original they bought it so
gramming yeah they gotta give us a bunch
of bye Ellen Ellen just got I think
50 she's doing a special I think
producing something else for them
I got like 250 million I was like whoa I
made less than those guys paying
Commission I mean they but they how did
they pay you like compared to what
you're doing before Oh
I mean look it's it's it's like for sure
I mean it's not like it's good it's not
that kind of it's not that kind of money
it's not even in the stratosphere
million isn't like aging that's just
like no even do with them I know I put
like you know the Seinfeld and those
guys money it's crazy yeah it's crazy um
yeah it's nothing like that and by the
way nor should it be like those guys are
it's not just like they're they're just
they're not just they're so famous but
that their origins like I you know some
people who get into the battle of like
what rate somebody gets like dude
they're bringing eyeballs their mother
for buying they're simply monopolizing
all these Titans yes nobody has any
other reason in 30 20 years maybe even
people are just gonna say hey it's and
people are gonna forget the cable and
television was a thing they'll be like
hey put on netflix yeah it's a it's from
an analytical standpoint it really is
interesting to see where will things go
you know we've had guests who are like
oh wow
why you play the whole show no no I see
but no just to see where it'll go
because you kind of go like you know no
one can compete with this with this
model of like paying this kind of money
right and then you know the platform you
know how many eyeballs are already there
it's like what what will happen at least
from stand-up standpoint you go I mean
is are the other competitors gonna do
something or just go that's what I'm
saying
behind on it yeah they're really behind
like from the viewer perspective nothing
can compete with it
okay I can see all the specials I don't
even have to go to a live show if I
can't you know it's you out there it's
all you put it whenever you want there's
no ads it's like yeah who can compete I
know and it's not that expensive it's
not what happened have 150 million
 subscribe giving them whatever
like 15 bucks a month and yeah it's a
lot of money man although they're like
spending all of it yeah yeah you know
crazy debt their their growth has been
unbelievable Warren Buffett I think was
Warren Buffett recently said he's like I
cannot buy enough Netflix or maybe sit
about Apple and I'm completely off-base
can you guys research that for me thank
you sure yeah there was one joke from
disgraceful yet I loved yeah and there's
a whole story around it which I loved
even more yeah the one bit that you had
that was so funny
was the one about how you can't say
 that's gay or anymore
uh-huh which is such a great bit because
we're actually are we're similar in age
I'm 32
like you're 39 right yeah you're much
younger we come well we come from a
world where we probably both were just
saying like that
I'm bombarded with it hearing it all
exactly that was just you know and and
and the world changed around us in a way
problem you know like happens every
generation sure but it's like they took
yeah that's what look hey you like love
that so but then when I found out that
people were actually made a petition
you've seen this oh yeah about there was
a group of people here it is on the
screen it has almost a hundred thousand
signatures I was looking at this last
night and it was going up before my eyes
which was cracking me up I'm like really
still going up go ahead pick up I was
going up as I was gonna go up right now
right we're live right I'm gonna get a
lot of meme signatures no yeah you're
right I mean I like I mean look it's I I
know all about this one of the things
about the transcription of the show
being in there is that it shows like
audience laughter it was like they're
including the people and by the way yeah
yeah I mean look at that I understood
people went through this so heavily it's
like I guess
why people get upset by like hearing
trigger words and stuff but you know the
first line of that it is you can't say
retain that's and people would message
me and say you know you can't say
anymore I go that's what I sat yeah
that's the setup to that is that you
can't even talk about how you can't talk
about it anymore yeah it was the perfect
moment of outrage yeah it was just like
it was there was a lot of outrage and
yeah I mean I knew listening to it that
there would be it's like just so obvious
then I met with with somebody who was
who was pretty outraged like they I
talked about which word about this this
whole whole whole the whole bit and
there go you know that petition also
calls for the the trailer to be taken
down everything yeah and the trailer
they Miss interpreted as being about
this when the joke and that is about
another yes so like good and then they
were telling me they're like in this
meeting and they're like I think a lot
of us got outraged we got we reacted to
the reaction in other words we didn't
look at it we didn't look it up I didn't
watch it lovely and I go and I'm sitting
there like don't you feel like you
should own that like that you didn't
watch it yeah and then you got mad yeah
and they're like kind of yeah okay but
then they made this point to me that I
kind of understood they go yeah but it
helped further our agenda so us going
after you even if it was not entirely
angley somewhere yeah they go it still
helped bring awareness to what our
ultimate goal is so even if we miss the
mr. mark a little bit the man's kind of
yeah so they're good I mean I you know I
don't here's a thing you can't feel bad
for yourself when the when the group is
this group and you go look you have it
hard enough already but but they also
were like we understand that the joke
wasn't to target you and on you it
just happened to be about words and
language yeah and it got spun into this
so like I don't I don't feel bad for
myself
I understand that what you're trying to
do but it wasn't lined up the way that
they initially thought it was and it was
mean even even in the joke you're like
well we didn't say it like that
right I gave the specific example factly
yeah we weren't like look at that guy
right which is I think exactly what you
said which it and like I pretty much I
don't think I can recall a time where
growing up or for that way anybody was
like pointing at something yeah point
someone can be like that guy yeah it was
always like to you yeah you know it's
like Ethan the man and then you
know you say to your friend about
something they did right but then of
course the reaction to that is like yeah
but you're just perpetuating you know a
hateful thing if you're saying you know
whatever that's that's how language
things change and progress over time
words take on different meanings
something becomes unacceptable and
pejorative and it goes away of course
the other conversation is then it's then
replaced with another word or term sure
so what that happens with all slurs and
all all words it's like we will outgrow
this word and then there will be a new
word you know like the one specifically
that really blows my mind yes like you
can't say anymore like I left it
Israel for five years yeah I came back
the world changed I couldn't say
anymore
yeah little people right I was like that
sounds way more condescending it sounds
to me like hey little guy yeah and by
the way I met I know little people who
find it demeaning little yes what did
you prefer some of them just don't even
want to be which makes the most no just
don't even it's laughs just a guy don't
make them but I mean it is you know I
guess voluntary on the airport I mean I
like I know most people I know black
guys girls we're cool with black but
there are those who say like call me
african-american it's like their own
voluntary I'm having a different
preference it's wild everybody but yeah
I mean I do I agree that little people I
was yeah I think I said midgets
how I'm passing and they're like it's a
little like people are super angry who's
like what are you kidding me I had to do
some research and look it up I was like
sure enough little I find that groups
have a much better sense of humor though
a little most part the little people yes
right yeah there are groups and that
have more egregious sense of humor
interesting yeah yeah Mexicans for
example I've heard from Alex oh like you
know Mexicans they never get they never
get upset they love it yeah I mean for
the most part how what you're I mean how
have you discovered that you met you if
you just doing shows every year and like
I've done shows Mex with a man with
me like just like they love it yeah man
like light me up doc you're like all
right it's LA they just want to go for
it yeah
can I ask you who is the most sensitive
can we go there I mean there's there's
uh I don't know older lesbians there's
no they're just group that's a tightness
you know it's funny because like we live
in such a quote liberal progressive City
I mean the most liberal progressive
people are not funny they don't they
take themselves too seriously they have
like that activist you know mentality
there's no humor in that show you know I
mean I'd rather do like rednecks than
that any day of the week if you're
talking about doing a show right because
they're gonna laugh at more you can
make fun of them you know do you have
these days problems it shows where
people are getting upset and walking out
or causing a scene if it's my like if
they bought it take it to my show that
doesn't really happen yeah if you just
pop in on a show I've had it happen a
few times in LA you know because we're
not other places
yeah but not I mean not a lot I mean el
you know la la is pretty good actually
for for stand-up you know the Comedy
Store is amazing The Improv but like the
store every night is just crazy with
with just comedy fans that one is he
stand-up most I'm going to that are not
going to be the type to be like ah that
cross the line because they they kind of
know where they're going they know they
see the line up they know what type of
people are on the line I'm you know I
heard bill bursts say something
interesting on his podcast he said like
now when I go on stage
saying crazier than I ever because
we were craving it because yeah yeah and
you also said it in an interview I think
I read oh they want it it's a release it
all is it's all connected though I mean
I think it's connected to you know it
goes to like who's in power what that
stands for what the blowback is against
who you know who they're pushing back
against and then that permeates the
feelings of people in public and then in
shows and it just it's this it's it's in
the air you feel it go back and forth
just like you feel a red or blue swing
in also interesting and it all kind of
ties in together there's a lot going on
and they're like the social oh yeah in
taters yes and like everything that's
going on all the little fabrics of
society are really channeling through
what you guys do absolutely yeah and you
can feel you sense it man that like if
if you're if you are like if you feel
like oh my god we're losing this
country's falling apart
you you you tend to take like a more
serious approach to everything and that
person also takes a serious approach to
commentary you know it's but then
there's a whole other group of people
who are like that's too much we're
losing our minds if we're getting yeah
and then those are the ones who want you
to say that real
so they yeah they come to the shows
wanting it to be like how come you
didn't offend us more you know I've had
people email they're like I really
thought well like you were gonna push it
harder I'm just doing stand up and be
like yeah and they're like yeah I really
was hoping you would like go harder and
I was like okay yeah no good know it man
and you know another one that blew me
away was like the same thing we went to
Israel we came back we had 4G LTE and
there were certain words I couldn't say
those a November I left when I came back
there was Ober all right now what Hoover
was so that was new to you yeah isn't
that funny man five years you were going
