[Music]
welcome everybody to the h3 podcast
experience you guys know the drill
today's episode is sponsored by ring
equip and me undies we have got so many
great things today I don't hear the
music is the music plane oh yeah oh yeah
it is great great great great great
great today we've got such wonderful
things we've got Logan Paul tweet of the
century erased and reborn
we've got Roseanne finally speaking out
and boy you don't want to miss this so
good we have got other and lots of set
we've got another episode of know your
meme giving away a brand new s 9 plus
what what would this time featuring
everybody's favorite virgin Skippy
actually we have a new callin number 2
that I think is really soothing that I
think everyone is gonna really enjoy you
can reach us for now and forevermore at
8:08 hot meme that's eight oh eight hot
meme Mme
as you all know so that's our permanent
number keep it handy guys you can start
ringing in now to play know your meme
after the break featuring everyone's
favorite virgin Skippy eel is back think
God think the gods she is it's a little
too soon for her to hop in front of the
camera so she is and back right now she
is here she's cracking whips was in the
house she is making sure that everybody
is crossing their T's and dot in their
eyes back there they're all in mortal
fear of Elah right now it's true no
[ __ ] around this time but we will be
having a special episode next week on
Tuesday I think what it's just gonna be
me and ela probably just like a
30-minute little app where we can just
kind of talk bring her back
get her back in see how she's doing and
then on Thursday we've got dunkey beta
game donkey and lea gonna be great with
that being said we've got so much to get
to but first
let's start with our goof of the day
let's try and think of a name Vlasic
goof of the day I like the idea when we
do these top of the weeks to start it
every time with a beautiful great little
video that we're all gonna love goof of
the day up first we've got laughter yoga
this video I'm very conflicted about
this video laughter yoga because well
yeah I'll just show you it's like these
people they all have these awful
diseases and their method of coping with
it is by manic laughing and I get it
like I think it's a cool thing but it's
like it's so eerie and strange I mean
let's just start it off right here guys
here we go god bless
diagnosis and we're gonna laugh again
yeah and so you go around the room it's
very powerful now if you don't and we'll
do it just with a few people here just
to get a flavour if anybody has a
diagnosis they want to share and laugh
about that'd be great and if you don't
then what I've done is combine it with
the haha mantra which is you'll say your
name and it happened recently to you
that normally would really bum you out
and share it with us and we'll laugh at
it so it's that whole psychology of you
know turning lemons into lemonade okay
so you guys get it this lady by the way
where do you get that earring I think on
face value it sounds nice but when you
watch it it's like I just don't buy the
laughter it's like the saddest [ __ ] I've
ever seen so here's I'll and I always
start and say here's how it looks so my
name is Geeta the one thing that throws
me off that makes me feel strange about
this is like why laughing after the name
it makes it seem like they're just
clowning yeah that was about trauma look
like they'll a comma
yeah they laugh after they say the
trauma but then like they're like hi my
name is Ethan it's like I feel like you
getting clowned on you're gonna see what
I mean that's that I don't know your
name for chrissake you know what I mean
it's like alright something's not right
and I was diagnosed with Parkinson's
disease
[Laughter]
[Applause]
anybody else wanna share get the idea
that's a strange it's a strange thing
you know very strange I get it you know
I get it it's a nice wholesome thing
they're trying to do here I just I don't
know it's so eerie there's something so
off about it you'll see it gets more
obscene as they go along but I don't get
the whole very good very good yay all
the sudden they're in kindergarten and
that was where they lost me to be honest
yeah I kind of understand it and but
then when the weird like cult chanting
started right it got pretty creepy right
there
yes dawn he took a shot at he took a
shot
you know he put his hand up in class my
name is dawn why you got a goof why you
got a clown on poor dawn
that's so weird I they laugh at their
name it's hard not to see you like them
just laughing at their misfortune
they're not it just I don't see them
like embrace from my perspective I just
acquired insulin resistant diabetes I
don't know I just sounds like they're
clowning on hysterical that's the
funniest [ __ ] I've heard all day
[Laughter]
[Applause]
well are you gonna comment for us Viki
that's the one that got me
I've got breast cancer that's the funny
[ __ ] I've heard all year this woman's
eyes really lit up on that one yeah no
she's like she's like oh [ __ ] the more
tragic the more hilarious my name is
Vicki and I was I was stranded and had
to eat my own son to stay alive it's
like the more tragic the more hilarious
[Laughter]
[Music]
yes I don't buy it I think I just don't
buy it like she's got the happy face
earrings she's got the laughter yoga
she's all smiles but there's like a real
sadness you know what I mean it's like
they're not acknowledged I don't know
what do is healthy no yeah that's what I
don't know I don't know something about
this seems so demented and I don't want
to goof on these people because you know
they're trying to cope with some
difficult stuff just trying to analyze
how I feel about it
let's see maybe the next one is just
like straight up like you know my
husband I'm Dan and I murdered my son
right and I ate his corpse very good
very good yay
[Laughter]
oh I didn't even let her like they cut
they kind of cut her off they did like
an Academy Award on her that's like I
was developed with MS 19 years ago it's
like alright [ __ ] tone it down it's old
news it's not good it's also like I
didn't give you permission to expand you
have MS move on to the next person we're
all [ __ ] dying here my name is uh hi
guys my name is Ethan and my anal
sphincter muscle has stopped operating
and I'm perpetually [ __ ] my pants
that's really not that tragic compared
to what they're doing with what's you
know let's see how we're good whoa what
was that let me go back got that got a
huge lot is it just that she's over but
you need to leave doesn't qualify for
yoga laughter by the way she wasn't like
oh I'm overweight I'm morbidly
overweight she's like some people think
people get the [ __ ] you know what you
get a bill
and you get crickets we got breast
cancer we got MS you know to be here all
over wait shut the [ __ ] up I'm a little
overweight yeah wouldn't be graved she
was just like you know what stop
everyone stop laughing [ __ ] get out she
just actually laughing now she's like
this isn't laughs yoga I'm laughing at
you why would you need a group council
just because you're some people think
you're overweight give it up you you you
were you're in a different room
sometimes you get scared of running out
of money you and the fat lady need to go
start your own laughter yoga okay what
what
don't worry whatever for you and
everybody dude yeah chuckle at best you
don't deserve the laughs if I'm being
Frank and chuckle yoga anyway I'm not
sure how to make of all this stuff it's
like I know they're they're desperately
trying to cope with really awful and
unimaginable things but it's like it's
just so eerie and strange to see these
things side by side and I'm dying of
breast cancer yeah
anyway I have one other goof of the day
that I wanted to watch with you guys the
pedo lizard today it's goofs of the day
today my friend well this the story is
that this video was used to be shown to
middle schoolers back in the 90s to help
inform them about I guess this is one
like the pedophile scare started when
every random male specifically males was
looking to abduct you so this this
little short here was meant to educate
define innocent young children of
America and to avoiding being taken so
here I give you the pedo hunting
dinosaur bro I'm gonna tell you straight
up if there's any pedophile it's in that
[ __ ] suit listen to that voice man
and I'll tell you what else there's
enough space in that suit for a man and
a child like he could he could be like
climbing my suit young one hi there whoa
damn you're about to see a show for
parents and children about tricking
people now if you're wondering who
tricky tricky people that's a nice way
to save child rapists children drinking
drinking drinking drinking people
everywhere you look bro you're trying to
[ __ ] and also what's wrong with you like
why like this dinosaur character is just
so strange he's like I looking
everywhere
there's rapist everywhere it's like at a
certain point if you see them that
frequently you're looking too hard maybe
you're looking you need to look inward
like this dinosaurs is a real true pedo
hair I mean really and it kind of my
name is Reginald charming
put this show on here today didn't I
just miss your mom by the way this is
like the the main villain with the same
Reginald charming yes last night
charming it's like these guys are
[ __ ] the guys who made this all right
I swear to God you have to touch kids to
dream the [ __ ] up like you have to have
at least have a couple of children in
your slavery dungeon the dream of this
yellow jazz talking dinosaur anti-child
rape superhero and the name of villain
mr. charming I'm mr. charming what the
[ __ ] do they sound like Chris Rock oh no
not the old puppies in the car routine
he's [ __ ] Reginald up - he's like
citizen justice I feel like I don't know
what they're advocating but this guy
hasn't raped any kids and you're letting
your strong-arming him against a wall
man also it's like such a Chris Rock
impersonation it's stripping me out it's
a great [ __ ] imagine being in middle
school and trying to extrapolate meaning
from this this is just so insane is he
explicitly a dinosaur
I don't know else he could be yeah it's
[ __ ] weird maybe he's you did you see
since city where they chop off the pedos
balls and he turns yellow maybe well
this is evolution he's a yellow man yeah
he's a castrated pedophile oh I'm an
upstanding citizen
[Music]
so dude this [ __ ] so [ __ ] so he tricks
all these little girls into doing a
photoshoot for him and he's in there
taking photos and look at his creepy
little friend like cheering him on and
then at the end which I'll show you the
dinosaur breaks into his office to get
the photos it's amazing it was all a
sting operation the arrests of the
dinosaurs well you'll see there's a
twist between the lines which I'd like
you guys to watch mutters - there's a
lot to unpack here and I'm really not
sure what's the meaning I think the
meaning is the lizards the pet Oh
everyone's the pet Oh trust nobody at
all Wow this whole pedo hysteria is so
strange like I don't know that there was
this crazy pedo hysteria when I was this
age but these days it's like don't don't
run don't play outside by yourself or
there's a hundred percent chance that
someone's gonna rape you immediately
it's like how many immediately you're in
how many rapists pedos are out there
lurking I don't know I never got show
one of these when you were growing up
though no because I'm not this one but I
explicitly remember the pedo video when
I was like in elementary school but we
have the Dan cam up we do oh great how's
it look well I'm not on it right now
Oh have you guys seen the Dan cam we
haven't used it yet the Dan cam you're
talking but it's it's hard to explain
but if I'm just sitting here like an
idiot like this and you're talking hit
the Dan cam but nobody's in the Dan cam
right now oh you're not gonna Dan cam
yeah we got Ian screening calls
all right north play I'm gonna cut to
Dan cam it's just an empty room I never
I was on the Dan Cameron it was on a Dan
cam
I was never shown any anything like this
you know all you get is like a don't get
in a car with strangers I mean what more
do you need to know don't take if some
guys offering you candy you know don't
let him put a finger in your ass unless
it's like a full tootsie roll
definitely not for like a little Tudor
oh that's not worth the finger than ass
if it was like a full-on like king-size
Tootsie Roll you could basically put
four fingers up my ass even today
frankly speaking good to know is it
great why you got a Tootsie Roll
a little later tonight you have a
dinosaur costume you want to roleplay
[Music]
oh by the way his voice changes from he
goes from he goes from what's his name
Chris Chris Rock he goes from Chris Rock
to Bruce Willis real quick hey man did
he change race his voice changed race I
want Carmen's pictures that CD looks
like a nipple am i right [ __ ] got him
that record on the wall it's a [ __ ]
nipple got him what are you talking to
oh my god
I don't know what Carmen told you but
there are no pictures give me the
combination charming
figure it out you big stupid lizard you
think you're so smart
well you can't watch them all the time
nobody can
[Music]
or finish so he takes off with the photo
so the question is the dinosaur walked
out with the photos those that is not
you that is not admissible evidence so
the question I have is were seek along
with those photos you know what I'm
saying you can't use those in court you
just barge in and stolen that it was
safe so what exactly is he doing with
those photos yeah I mean he didn't show
up at the cops he's just kind of this
vigilante who kicked in the door stole
the child porn he's going straight home
what's that yeah what the bug just like
you know share the [ __ ] wealth man I
[Laughter]
love how dramatic that God that like
take Kiki and get out of here yeah man
he's gonna go beat off to those photos
I've never been sure of anything more in
my life so that's a weird one that that
really I don't know that threw me for a
loop that video that was wild dude
amazing man they used to put kids in a
you know auditorium the whole class 500
people or whatever I don't know and
watch this I mean what I wish I had been
shown that one the one I was shown was
super awkward and just serious you know
what I mean right I think that's
probably a better approach was I'm not
sure I could extrapolate any meaning
that avoid yellow dinosaurs anyway
that's the goof of the day I hope you
guys had fun with that give it up
wasn't that a good time everybody well
we are we have up we have fun out here
they should podcast experience don't we
we have a lot of fun here let's get on
to the main stories Logan Paul Wow
who's ever talked about him MRIs that
well there was this one tweet I honestly
couldn't let go
I had to show to you guys because it
really was so insane that even even now
I read it and I was just like whoa right
he erased it
after shortly after tweeting it cuz
everyone was just like wow this isn't
saying so this is only from a couple
days ago he says and I quote board the
plane flight attendant gives me the old
I ball up and down hi Sox short shorts
saggy blond hair shaggy
saggy tits picture-perfect [ __ ] boy give
him my ticket first class stunned he
goes oh wow
and points me to my seat don't judge a
book by it's cover Wow Todd what a hero
there's there's a lot to actually unpack
here I feel like well first of all this
never happened it's just let's just
establish this right off the bat
sleepily
the only thing it's missing is everybody
in the airplane standing up and
applauded even a big applause yeah
Albert Einstein gave them yeah that and
the only thing that's missing is that
flight attendant Albert Einstein this
never [ __ ] happened dude at this
point you're like 24 there's no excuse
for running this [ __ ]
this is like what a twelve-year-old
fantasizes about then second of all he
acknowledges that he dresses like a
[ __ ] clown high socks short shorts
shaggy blond hair picture-perfect [ __ ]
boy picture if you're a [ __ ] if you're
gonna sit there and acknowledge that you
look like an idiot and that you're a
[ __ ] boy let's just change your outfit
he's basically you know what he's saying
is I'm wearing all maverick [ __ ] to sell
it to these kids but I would never want
to wear this because I look like a [ __ ]
boy but I do it like there's something
in there you know there's a weird
modicum of also awareness bigger than
their for sure like well who is this
flight attendant that's never seen a
rich
person who's apparently works
first-class their flight attendant oh
wow oh my god your first class just
imagine this person I'm so sorry
oh my god oh wow
I'm so sorry I judge you and then of
course the subtle bragging about being
rich and flying first-class but what
exactly are you asking not to judge
there's no nothing about your character
he's saying don't don't make a judgement
if someone's rich or poor be careful who
you rude to because they might be rich
the [ __ ] what's the moral of this story
Logan he's trying to bring awareness to
the rampant persecution of fuckboys in
this country that honestly is probably
the biggest social issue he's not
dealing he's not denying that he's a
fuck-boy he's like I'm a rich [ __ ] boy
and therefore you judged a book by its
cover
it's like dude basically he's saying
because he's wealthy he's superior I
mean that's really what's so nin here
and to that I say you are [ __ ] a
really a this is really one of the worst
tweets I've ever read and he always says
I'm a kid and he always says thirty year
old man and all that shake he would call
me a 33 year old man year that excuse is
not I mean this is really probably the
dumbest thing I've ever read by a public
personality how long did he keep this up
before he well that's 30,000 like so I
mean probably half a day or more was he
getting a bunch of [ __ ] for it
like what yeah I'm sure how did he
become self-aware suddenly that that is
[ __ ] awful yeah he was probably
getting [ __ ] for it and he was he's
