welcome everybody to another episode of
the H Street podcast live if you're on
twitch if you're on YouTube it's not
live this has been pre-recorded in
previous day if you want to watch your
life to get on over to twitch.tv forward
slash is redirected you can watch the
live next time but not this time
because it's a recording like a song and
dance with the Cape yeah that's funny
you should do that for next time
today's episode is sponsored by quip
audible and MVM T movement thank you to
them
today's guest is the great and wonderful
pioneer of YouTube hardly Morenstein
that's got to be one of the most Jewish
names I've ever heard props to him
Harley Morenstein he's got he's like a
he's like a Jewish warrior like when you
like he's a big guy and he's got like a
big beard and and like because when
you think about a Jew you usually think
about like like a guy who looks like me
you know like a doe a little boy but
they're what had to be Jewish warriors
cuz you think back to the biblical
stories of like King King George what
was the guy's name that's a restaurant
what's this guy's name the old Jewish
King he was a warrior the old King David
yeah so King David was apparently
kicking ass back in the day so you know
that there's some warrior blood in the
Jewish line it's not a meat but it isn't
some and he happens to be a warrior Jew
is what I mean to say he seems really
don't know warrior vibe yeah there's
like like an Israel there's like a yeah
my name is Mort steed but then there's
like warriors in Israel you have
everything right it's American I guess
it's really American like in Israel I
wasn't thinking what is the the Jewish
stereotype like inside Israel you have
different stereotypes right right right
right here I've learned there's so much
like more going on the American Jew is
like oh I need to call the electrician
to pull to put in this light bulb what
are the stereotypes in Israel it's I
don't know there's like really dumb ones
but it's more like depending on like
Ashkenazi or Safari
so you guys who don't know Ashkenazi is
European Jew Sephardic is Middle Eastern
Jew like near Arabic almost kind of like
how you have here and I don't know
what's politically correct here by like
how there's like like black people will
have shut it down at times that black
people shut it down
there's theory there some white people
right sorry white people have got their
wall like this cuz their asses be so
high that's one of my favorite ones from
Eddie Murphy good sorry whatever so what
but I'm actually really curious about
what are the stereotypes about Sephardic
and Ashkenazi Jews I don't worry all
right are not as good with cooking or
like they won't make enough that's true
that's not a ton of food there's no such
thing as like running out of food right
and I skin eyes is like don't put like
don't comment on many people they're
cheaper is that part of it because I
feel like that's real yeah what else you
got mMmmm that can't be the only one
like it's interesting I think
everybody's friend is the other night
okay but there's like a stereotype that
there too so I love that even amongst
the Jews in Israel there's one sect
that's really - it's like all gays are
cheap but the Yemenites they're super
cheap watch out for those guys it's it's
just it's it's fascinating to think that
like everybody thinks about Jews in this
way but then when you go to Israel when
everyone's Jewish you have all these sub
stereotypes it just kind of shows how
stupid it all is
it is really dumb and like no one our
age really talks about this stuff
anymore it's like all this stuff is
there any other interesting ones because
I think it's great well what do you what
do people think about the the that the
Sephardic Jews a lot of times they go
together with like the obviously minify
time explain what our skin is our seam
is like a jersey Shore's a Jew
it's like a a what
going on I got my pop collar forget
about it I just got herpes the other day
forget I just do Lola rubbing alcohol I
got my dick and another girl forget
about it
eight but on the muse Rock a and they
dance they said I guarantee nobody's
upset about making fun of our soon a
okay anyway
that was a nice little any other
stereotypes that we can talk about here
any other people we can piss off I am
super excited about this weekend we are
going tomorrow hopefully
with with post to Coachella backstage
hopefully like we just before coming
here you asked if we want to come he's
like I got tickets for you guys the
thing with post is that like whenever he
invites you somewhere you know you're
gonna be on a crazy reckless almost
helpless journey because like he'll get
you there and because his life is so
insane and he's playing tomorrow at
Coachella yeah so it's almost like I'll
get you in but beyond that you're in a
war you you mean your own it's like hey
man nice to see I love you buddy thanks
for all you're the best and then he goes
out in there and then it's just mean yo
like you know just like it's floating in
space it's exciting it's fun it's a
thrill right
I'm really excited never been to
Coachella no I hope I don't know what to
expect what what what I imagine is that
well there's like I guess there's two
portions there's like the public area
and then there's like the backstage yeah
the artist area that'd be cool I'm gonna
harass I'm gonna harass people like I'm
gonna be that guy who's taking pictures
with all the famous people who shouldn't
be there yeah I mean hey Drake Drake hey
Ben
here's my let's play for tonight here's
my here's my card I'm gonna bring cards
here's my card it just has my Twitter
tag oh my god it's a USB key oh wow data
get him
they never see
and then on it is the spyware is blow
over and it stalls the h3 app which is
unloads a virus to the whole
network and then on Monday we're going
with the whole clan the h3 clan and the
Teddy fresh clan there's eight of us to
Disney delay it's a company event we're
gonna build memories that will Latin
door beyond these more these mortal
bonds I guarantee I don't know we're
just it's gonna be the best time
nobody's ever gonna forget about it
we're going it's gonna be adorable we're
gonna all wear matching outfits and
shirt we have to do the shirts yeah so
if you happen to be on Disney Land on
Monday and you see a big group of
hooligans walking around and red beanies
come say hi it'll be fun so there's a
couple things I won't talk about before
we bring Harley and end on that first
things first the h3 live show that we
had planned for the 26th yes what Brad
buried we pulled the effing plug on that
B and it was so I don't want to I don't
want to throw any blame around okay but
here's what happened we were I don't
know how to say this without a lot of
misunderstanding in the process of the
prices on the tickets right so and and
and somebody somebody put the tickets up
without finalizing the details with us
first of all we were misled about the
price like we were told there was going
to be $3 in services fees so the ticket
is 30 bucks I kind of wanted to do them
for 25 but then they threw it up for 30
without consulting so then I was like
okay fine so 33 was what I thought would
be the final price out the door but what
happened when ended up happening was
there were so many fees so much taxes
and it ended up going from 30 to 50
bucks so two people coming into our live
show would end up paying
a hundred dollars to come watch us do
the podcast that was a good podcast I
wasn't comfortable with that at all I
mean our last show at The Improv was
twenty two bucks and like I don't know
if there was like a couple bucks service
charge but it wasn't but that was it
it wasn't 50% of the ticket price and so
one the tickets went up without us
knowing and the price was cut a little
higher than I wanted and then two we
didn't realize that first all the fees
that came with it than what I after
people complain to us yeah okay what the
hell that was just three bucks I thought
it would cost thirty three bucks plus
tax and so then I saw that there was
these insane fees and I was just so
pissed off and I yelled at them and I
was like dude this this isn't right this
isn't the way it's supposed to be so
they go back to the venue and then the
venue magically reduces the the
convenience fee from 1050 down to like
three bucks and then I was like okay can
you refund everyone who already bought
tickets like well I don't know we're
dealing with the AXS and there and I'm
like dude and it just said and I was
just angry I was like why didn't you
reduce the price from three dollars out
the get-go like what what what the hell
they says well nobody asked us to I was
like okay the whole thing was just super
sour and and it just didn't feel right
anymore and we weren't sure if people
were going to get refunded who bought
before and after most of all we really
didn't that wasn't the price we wanted
for this kind of show it's made us
uncomfortable that people would pay so
much and and also a lot of people have
to travel so right you'd pay for
traveling food drinks and and a hundred
bucks for tickets it's like twenty bucks
for parking no penalty so we're just
like you know what this isn't right
let's just let's just pull the plug on
this so everybody who bought tickets is
getting a full refund including all the
convenience fees and everything and I
know on Twitter a couple of good were
like well I bought plane tickets and so
I did genuinely feel bad about that so
what I offered on Twitter and if
anybody's listening bought tickets in it
airplane
it emailed a net HTH reproductions calm
and we will help compensate you
personally on on that there is one funny
anecdote the guy on twitter is like man
i got by this i bought plane
tickets i was like alright well you know
will compensate you thinking that what
how much is a domestic flight like $200
he sends me the receipt two first-class
tickets 1600 bucks
i was like bro i don't even fly
first-class I can't I can't I can't pay
you $1600 bro both some life choices you
have to live with we haven't fully
looked into all the details yet because
we want to just get everything first all
the people that are to compensate and
look into the details and makes
decisions a bit we like when we opened
that one ready what Dan cannula yeah so
anyway if you if you got if you bought a
plane send your your proof of purchase
to Dan and well well that will help you
out how we can but hey that's crazy that
you fly here to see us you know
acknowledge how freaking crazy that is
thank you ma'am what else I mean I
wanted to talk there's a couple of
things I wanted to talk about here for
one this is kind of personal but I feel
like it's interesting alright I don't
know how to broach this but I feel like
I want to talk about it okay we've been
chopped okay we've been trying to get
pregnant we being me either's been
sticking her dick right my belly button
I know it does good when you say we it's
like well I'm trying to get a dealer
pregnant when we say we try but okay
whatever we're we've been trying to get
pregnant we don't really know how it
works
Neela's been I've been rubbing my dick
all over HeLa we're not really sure the
mechanics of how you Lisbon
we don't know how it works so we've been
trying but so far another things work
this is not what I agreed to talk about
okay so we've been trying and getting
you you think like by the population of
the world that getting pregnant would be
something easy was it like seven billion
mouth-breathers in this world it's taken
up all the oxygen you know and china
they have like laws they're like you can
only have one kid or we throw the second
in the river everyone's scared about
overpopulation i can't even get a have a
kid how did we get to this point in
history and evolution if it's this hard
to get a kid like we like you've been on
birth control for like two years and
recently in the past couple months
you've been doing like ovulation tests
timing it out and stuff wait what are
you saying I'm in off maybe that's the
problem
no we figured it out you went all
brokers or you doesn't go honk birth
control so we've been trying and trying
it's so and it's so disappointed because
you try it all month all month guys no I
don't know if I want to talk about this
we try all month and then it's it's just
it's disappointed because ela gets her
period and then you and then it's like
 you have to wait another month and
it again it starts to get really
stressful at this point when you're
actually start trying but but what's
frustrates me is like what is going on
with this planet where everyone's just
getting out kids
but apparently a lot of people have this
problem a lot of our friends yeah almost
everyone that I know had really hard
time can it happen right I don't know
we had another friend who just had a kid
like a year ago they said they were
trying like with tests like timing it
out and stuff for six months and I'm
like where are all these people coming
from when you're 18 if you just buy it's
just like they make it sound like you
just touched a guy and you're seriously
and sex education that's what it makes
it sound like sperm can last for 30 days
so even if you have sex when she's on
her period thus warped this the sperm
can hide in her vagina for 30 days and
get her pregnant when she ovulates it's
like seriously
so my point my lesson to you is don't
use protection god it was most likely
you'll be fine I'm just kidding
protection is honestly to keep your dick
from rotting off your body no and to
prevent unwanted pregnancy let's not
start some rumors now that were use a
condom I guarantee it's worth it so I
don't know that's just something that's
that's I'm just trying I'm trying to be
more honest right I'm trying to be more
gentle I'm trying to talk about what's
on my mind a little bit this is
something that we've been thinking a lot
about and doing you know for a while so
let's talk about it let's be real again
have a I'm trying to I'm trying
maybe I'm maybe yeah maybe we're doing
something wrong maybe it's supposed to
go somewhere else no okay I don't know
you know Einstein says that the
definition of insanity is trying
something over and over again and not
getting resolved gotta stick it
somewhere else yellow I don't mean like
the but I was just making a joke I just
making joke I just wanted people to know
that was an anal sex joke or anything
all right what else we got here you guys
heard about all this I was gonna make a
joke about how I got in trouble got in
trouble for the transphobic tweet and
that's why the show was canceled but I
didn't add a border I don't really want
to talk about that I think it's whatever
there's a couple of videos I want to
watch but maybe we can watch it with
Harley cuz he's here
mm-hm cuz I've got that Count de aquila
video and the st. Claire news clip that
I wanted to watch maybe I should bring
Harley him
is that weird though did like do that
and then talk to him maybe we should
just watch it now it's not weird it's
not we're nowhere
alright apparently it's not we're deal
said let's do with them so let's go to a
quick commercial break we will be right
back with ya boy Harley we're gonna have
a lot of fun there's so much to discover
there's so much to learn in this life
it's gonna blow your mind don't go away
you guys hear that that's the sound of
everybody's favorite electric toothbrush
quip who's also incidentally the sponsor
of today's episode when it comes to your
health brushing your teeth is one of the
most important parts of your day and qyp
knows that they've combined dentistry
and design to make a better stronger
slicker more beautiful electric
toothbrush here's the deal
quip is the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amount of vibration
into a slimmer design at a fraction of
the cost of a bulkier traditional
electric toothbrush I mean this is it
this is all it is and that's all you
need you ever see one of these like oh
it's got a whole package it's like a
power tool
you have to like unholster it out of
your belt it's like give me a break this
is all you need
guiding pulses alert you when it's time
to switch sides making brushing the
right amount of time completely
effortless
I personally a lot of people I brush for
30 minutes because I'm neurotic but a
lot of people are like I don't know how
long I need a brush that's the genius
about quick it vibrates for thirty four
three minutes it tells you when to
switch sides
and and you know when you're done and
when when you've done enough brushing
that's when I use this I usually I'm
about to stop before really ups so like
normally I guess I would do two minutes
but then this makes me that's funny cuz
when it put when it tells me to stop I'm
like I just started you're in the same
by the way I thought I had a cavity and
I have had one cavity in my life when I
was like eight and the pain went away I
was like Eli have it yeah yeah there's
no way I think I have a cavity he was
like oh hell yeah I can't wait for Ethan
to go get up by the dentist and I
was like nah just not enough I'm happy
to say thanks to equip by the way it
comes with a mount that sucks right to
the mirror right there dude also because
that thing cleans your mouth should also
be clean wept subscription plan
refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule delivering new
brush heads every three months for just
five dollars including free shipping
worldwide which is
just I was free shipping worldwide who
what what kind of underground consortium
is this what kind of weird they took the
time to make a little package for a
little toothbrush refill
it's a pod because they didn't it do you
already have this quip is backed by a
network of over 10,000 dental
professionals including dentists
hygienists and dental students again the
dental students don't I don't I wouldn't
ask them for advice they're students
they don't know anything they're
students I'm not what am I supposed to
take the endorsement of a student oh
yeah you should really use this
toothbrush what do you do I'm studying
dentistry I'll talk to my dentist most
toothbrushes don't get named one of Time
Magazine's best inventions of the year
but guess who did quip find out why by
getting want yourself one of these
amazing toothbrushes quip starts for
just twenty-five bucks if you go to get
quip comm /h through right now you'll
get your first refill pack for read with
a quip electric toothbrush that's your
first refill pack free at get quick calm
slash h3 spelled GE t qu IP doubt cop /
