welcome everybody to a very special
episode of the 420 blazin Angley podcast
there's nothing special about it and we
are not smoking and we don't smoke and
we don't encourage people to smoke
because that's an illusion it's an
illegal activity and can get you in lots
of trouble not just with the government
but with your parents today's episode is
sponsored by on it me undies hems and
seat geek this is um I'm super excited
announced this on Monday we've got ninja
the twitch megastar joining us leave
your questions on the subarray he's
coming in at 2 p.m. PST I believe on
Monday this Monday
I am freaking super pumped to meet and
talk with ninja and then also I just
want to say a very happy national walk
out day which coincides with 4/20 which
is a happy coincidence right let's go
hey let's go protest gun violence
I'm blazed how did they both fall in the
same day I don't know
also Hitler's birthday apparently so Wow
busy day Columbine happen today
oh wait yeah I was never clear was the
guy who did the dudes who did Columbine
did they choose Hitler's birthdays
specifically or was it a coin
can you guys research let's celebrate
the biggest mass murdering [ __ ] that
ever exists
let's celebrate his life here's our
favorite 4/20 video this was by one this
guy it makes great content I know if
he's still making videos on your
computer this guy's a great man he's got
some real classics oh yeah he was making
videos back back back back in the day
when we were just walking around
shirtless this guy was getting it here
enjoy this guy's it it's that time buy
on your computer
oh you're never gonna believe what there
you go this guy's great check out on
your computer man I hope he's doing well
I wish him the best and I thank him for
all the laughs and all the gaps and all
the goofs and all the I'm not gonna say
the G word to you but that my head it's
uh that video is so well timed with the
mom walking the mom walking in and then
imagine if both his watch and the
microwave because you know sometimes
it's one minute off ruins it did you
ever did you guys celebrate 4/20 in his
role at all mmm I didn't even know about
it I don't know maybe people do did you
even know people who smoked it all in
Israel yeah but not a lot but I think
everyone does smoke I just was like ELA
ghosts don't tell my parents that weed
exists he's like don't tell him it
exists we made that video about how we
used to be drug dealers she's like don't
show that to my parents they don't know
they don't know that weed exists oh that
one was yeah it was afraid of their
reaction and then my mom was just she
just didn't mention it I think maybe you
think she saw it but was just like I
don't even know how to address this yeah
it's funny when I was in college UC
Santa Cruz 4/20 was like the biggest day
of the year really it's so ridiculous in
a way like thinking back like everyone
would go out and there's this meadow
it's called the meadow and everybody
from the whole school from the whole
town will pour into this meadow there's
thousands of people and you would see
the most obscene [ __ ] you would see
people who would roll a massive joint
with like a pound of weed and there they
would have like ten different shoots and
like 20 people would be hitting it at
once the cops would show up and there
they would be like
I don't I don't know what to do about
this because it's like a couple like
five cops show up this was before it was
illegal I mean this was like ten years
ago now it was it was before it was
legal but it was like was the T not
murder okay we did it wasn't really a
something that mattered because it was
just eccentric has a reputation like
that glaze right
so the teachers participated there was
probably some but when you have
thousands of people out there and
they're there peacefully exist you're
not causing problem its heart like what
actually can you're gonna start you can
come out the riot gear and start like
you know clubbing people because they're
having a marijuana cigarette so the
police handled it right but like just
this whole notion of glorifying weed
somehow I don't understand it people
don't glorify other drugs
why does we get glorified it's weird
it's kind of like you're in the club or
you're not people think about weed is
like this miracle it's like a miracle
like God God gave us this plant and it
solves every problem I'm enlightened I'm
chill natural it's all natural just
grows up from the earth and also it's it
doesn't harm you that's what they say
it's a perfect beautiful dress I
actually I personally would say to
people out there who haven't tried it
who will probably one day try it I would
say be cautious of this drug because
I've been more [ __ ] up mentally as a
result of smoking weed than any other
drug I've taken and I've taken a lot of
drugs and I'm not encouraging anyone to
take drugs you know make decisions for
yourself but of all of them that I've
taken weed has been the one that's like
[ __ ] me up the most I've had like bad
trips on and just been like mentally in
outer space in a bad way yeah I I also
have trouble with it whenever I try it I
just get like so paranoid and not I
can't enjoy anything I just write weird
like but I think it really depends on
the person you know yeah I think I wish
that I enjoy like I see some people who
are like um
freaking loving it but I don't know if
it's real I don't know if it's real I
think it through you think it's real
yeah I feel like weed is something you
have to smoke for like a full decade
before you can be like I'm just at peace
now with this drug the freakin blast me
in outer space there's also studies this
turned to like the anti weed I'm not
trying to like pain you could I don't I
don't care
do whatever you want my parents smoked
everyone I know smokes yeah my parents
and all my siblings smoke on a daily
basis so I'm not I'm just saying I don't
know why it gets put up on a pedestal
like nobody goes and buys a bottle of
like whiskey and it's like yeah man this
is gonna cure all your problems dude
you're gonna forget about all your
troubles comes at a price
that's a drug all right out there what
about wine would they say that there's
like a wine that's a lush lushes what a
lush is someone who abuses wine no I
mean would you do think there's a wine
like Club where people like idolize wine
the people are interested in wine
alright cuz there's like wine collector
is right but it's more about February
Jefferson has like a wine room in their
house yeah but wine isn't a well
alcohols the drug yeah and people don't
I mean yeah but people don't fetishize
it in the same way as like weed I think
whatever this conversation sucks anyway
to everyone out there who is blaze have
a great time who's just paid taxes hey
on to another topic oh yeah they said
that the Columbine was a coincidence
isn't that strange it was a
coincidentally on Hitler's birthday from
the Guardian the fact that the attack
took place on Hitler's birthday was a
coincidence boys had decided on 19th of
April the anniversary of the botched
government siege at Waco Texas okay
something else at least they're
celebrating yeah
oh wait that's it it says that it had to
be pushed back 24-hour
oh so I should actually contain I should
finish reading just lots of cherries
stuff 74 76 people perishing in a fire
all the good stuff okay
who's paid taxes we did taxes man I love
paying taxes you know what I wish about
taxes I wish there was a receipt because
I paid we're paying now about is race it
in like a hundred PDF with a hundred
pages really of they tell you how you
make your money
yeah they spent the money and that for
you that you paid I think that I should
be entitled to know where my [ __ ]
money went is that this would be great
at this point we're paying about forty
five percent of our income they're
making almost as much as we are
what the hell what I want is a receipt I
want to say your money was used to buy
two missiles you know three sandwiches
for the president yeah the gardener's at
the White House I don't know but like
there should be a breakdown of like
welfare you know like infrastructure
military health care I want to know I
guess you can find online but I'd like
to know would it be cool if you could
vote for how your money's spent
yeah so you pay your taxes you say you
you give them whatever fifty thousand
dollars in a year and then you get to
choose off with your money like hey I
want to I want this to go to health care
I want this to go to infrastructure and
you can decide as a citizen how you want
the government to spend your money won't
that be a cool way of like actually
deciding what's important so this point
we're spending like 50 percent of our
money on military I mean what what gives
dude I don't even understand the whole
military and the war here because it's
so weird how it's like you and war but
knowing something here it's all over
there right yours because it will in
Israel you feel when you're a poor you
understand why right there
but I was thinking that it's too like
recently you I'm sure
one heard the government with UK and
France bombed cereal in retaliation for
them using chemical weapons and I was
thinking I'm sitting here trying to be
like how do I feel about this like it's
a good thing it's a bad thing
yeah but then the the honest-to-god
truth I think is like who [ __ ]
actually in this world that is so
complexed I'm sitting out here and like
my comfortable life out in Los Angeles
how could I ever actually know what what
actually is going on there
how can i ordinary citizen actually
understand what the hell is going on in
Syria and why we're bombing them and why
have we been in perpetual war for two
decades I don't understand that's so
weird the concept how can I know how can
I know you I feel like to understand you
would have to have privileged
information or at least spent dedicating
like a full time amount of of
researching this and trying to
understand it and going there and seeing
what it's like in Syria you know let's
see what's actually going on there who
the [ __ ] knows what they're like how can
I have an opinion about it
people get so passionate one way or the
other about like oh it's good oh it's
bad it's probably bad
anytime someone bombs anything it's
probably bad it's just especially when
it becomes like related to politics I
feel like no one knows anything except
what their side right said on the news
you know right yeah yeah it's crazy I
mean I think we all have to understood
the internet and all these back channels
and all these countries scheming and
everyone's got I'll tell you our
alternative motives I honestly don't
know what to think about it but the
thing was that I found interesting was
that Trump he was ran on this whole
thing of being like America first I
don't give a [ __ ] and he railed on Obama
when Obama got involved in Syria yeah
and he was railing on Obama about don't
get involved in Syria and so it was just
seemed I had a character that all of a
sudden he's dropped bombs because that
was like his whole identity was America
for
let's not let's not be the police of the
world let's let the world sort of sum up
I thought it was just interesting that
all of a sudden he's so I wonder what
did he see what did he learn that
changed his mind so significantly
because I know his base a lot of people
who supported him were really upset with
that decision from the bombs here and I
wonder was there something he learned or
saw that we don't have access to it was
like where he was like this is important
yeah who could know who can decide they
did bomb chemical from what I read
they'd only bombed chemical weapons
facilities and research centers
associated with the chem the production
of chemical weapons they didn't bomb
like schools or hospitals or anything
insane like that and apparently they
also called war Russia through
backchannels and warned them so they
could get their people out which is a
good idea but that was something that
you used to criticize - all right don't
don't give in it's easy you know what
they say the crown the crown lays heavy
on the head mm-hmm it's easy to sit in
the peanuts gallery and [ __ ] all over
this poor son of a [ __ ] in charge
being the president it's got to be one
of the worst jobs in the whole freaking
world mm-hmm
that isn't that is a job for a very
specific unusual type of person
especially someone can do it good Trump
love him or hate him he was the biggest
mudslinger ever another Lee's president
he's doing all this the same stuff that
Obama did I'm not saying that as a
criticism of him like now he's bombing
Syria and he was saying to Obama don't
give away your plans ahead of time but
he did both of those things and I just
makes me think that he probably learned
something there when he understood oh
this is the right way to do it and
there's probably just so many codes and
things you have to follow right that I
wanted stuff I wanted an how much
decision they actually have you know
mm-hmm that's another who knows what the
[ __ ] knows I'm just a guy not even a
political science major I read reddit
like let's just be real with how how
much we understand about what's going on
this world you reading already is more
than I do I don't even I don't even go
there
I think we first need to acknowledge
that we don't know anything because
there's nothing I found myself doing
this to so it's fine happens everyone
but there's nothing worse than somebody
who has an a basic understanding of
something who's just browsed that title
and then we'll go out and argue in favor
of that and I find myself doing that too
and sometimes I'll be like wait I don't
what am I talking about I don't know
anything we don't know anything you
can't that's natural I don't know yeah
you can't just walk on it well I don't
know anything so I can't say anything
about yeah yeah yeah I know but but that
whole drive to want to like defend your
team is being used against us mm-hmm and
now like the Democratic Party is suing
Donald Trump did you know that it just
happened I think today or yesterday the
Democrats are suing Donald Trump for for
working with Russia to undermine the
election or something I don't know but
it's like we've got everything so
divided you you almost forget that were
were neighbors we're living in the same
country but it's like all-out war I
don't know what I guess that's how it's
better that way for everybody it's like
I don't know what's better
well like the powers that be it's almost
better right that that we're so divided
in a way because you focus more on like
how much you hate them then about
actually solving any problems it makes
you easier to control this is just a
conspiracy I don't know but it's been
like this for so long and no one's made
any meaningful efforts to actually
reconcile and it's just two parties it's
not that complicated you got one like
our disagreements are not that great but
somehow everybody [ __ ] hates each
other got CNN and Fox News and they
[ __ ] hate each other it's nuts I
don't know
it's like bro we're all we're neighbors
we got it we're sharing like you know
the thing is like when you're in a hat
when you were growing up and you get in
a brutal fight with your sibling you
still sit at dinner table together and
have dinner and then the next day forget
about it but I don't know how deep the
actual hatred for each other is going I
don't know
if it is or if it's like after the next
election or maybe there's a president
everyone like someone forget about I
don't know I know how bad it is it's
hard to tell I don't know anything look
at me trying to get all [ __ ] serious
conversation I feel like we smoked weed
I'm so blazed that would be the wouldn't
that be the best twist ever
all right here's speaking of politics
and all this [ __ ] you guys want to
see some scary [ __ ] I I've been meaning
to watch this for a long long time and I
just haven't had the opportunity here on
the podcast because we have so many
guests lately but you guys probably saw
this this is just unbelievable
talk about a threat to democracy and
some real 1984 [ __ ] look at this Eastern
Michigan communities we are extremely
proud with the quality that was
journalism that CBS 4 News produces
plaguing our country the sharing of
biased and false news has become all too
common on social media more alarming
some media outlets publish the same fake
story so a little background there these
are all owned by a huge conglomerate
media conglomerate called Sinclair and
they started buying up tons of local
news organizations and they starting to
use them they give them these forced
memos that they have to read you have to
read this verbatim word for word and
it's just it's this unbelievable
propaganda like the people who are
watching these local news don't know
that there this memo is forced from
someone upstairs who owns it seems like
it's an anecdote by these people you
watch it it seems like that person is
just it doesn't sound like they were all
they would all be reading something that
was like why would they this is a very
personal collection with the local news
those are your people right and so and
and then even further they're talking
about like one-sided news that is
corrupting them
ah cracy all the meanwhile while having
hundreds of people read this document
it's like it's actual doublethink you
remember that concert from 1984 or you
can both contradict yourself and believe
it at the same time wildin being aware
its actual doublethink
you can't criticize people for one sided
news and propaganda when you're
disseminating this for hundreds of look
it's it's it's actual doublethink it's
scary it's this is horrifying watch this
this is state media this is like what
you'll see in China or Russia when the
when the government owns the median I
have to say whoever edited this together
incredible that is a feat of
unbelievable so well like it's perfect
not just that editing but like actually
finding yeah the divide of all these
morning shows that this must have taken
unimaginable work to accomplish this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy love watching all these
Talking Heads you don't even know what
they're talking about or give a [ __ ]
acting like they care this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this it's
like they're all just doing an audition
right right the the balls the
