welcome everybody today shri podcasts
live today we are here with a very
special guest we have got no sponsors no
[ __ ] going on we have got Chris and
Dylan here you guys may have heard of
these guys because they've been making a
splash on the scene lately
getting out a lot seen you guys all over
the place one list one life can you guys
fill me in a little bit of the backstory
of who you guys are and what's going on
sure yeah so Dylan and I have been
friends since fourth grade I just beyond
that we were never really like the super
fantastic close friends in fourth grade
you know just friends in the elementary
school and then in fifth grade I got hit
with the diagnosis of chronic myeloid
leukemia and Dylan was literally in the
hospital with me every single day it was
a obviously as a young kid it was a
crazy battle but having someone there we
played video games like every day on the
PlayStation 2 that's literally all I did
you know take my mind off of stuff and
it was it was a big deal to go
throughout the time as a kid but you
know luckily I got through it modern
medicine and all that and I've just been
taking these what's called experimental
chemo it's called like Gleevec spry cell
clue cig and I've been taking that for a
few years now and recently unfortunately
in October of 2017 I was doing just a
normal routine blood check and I got a
call when I was at my college letting me
know that they found something that is
really not good and that I would need to
go back for more tests and about three
days of back and forth of them telling
me oh it's a good mutation oh it's a bad
mutation then finally they were like
this is a terrible mutation this is
really oh my maybe bad never seen this
mutation before this is a first so they
weren't sure for the first few days like
they're like this could be good like it
is stronger now and it won't you know
attack the body or whatever or like it
is and it's just resilient to medication
so once I was given that news it really
hit me pretty hard obviously how long
ago was that that was just in October of
last year so it's just been a few months
so five months into my year you're left
pretty much to enjoy life I've been
doing a crazy crazy job of it thanks to
Dylan when I was when I first got told
he was the first person I called even
before my mom and he cuz he was in the
hospital my parents have work and you
know they had to do stuff but still I
mean it was he was a really big part of
it and he told me write down 50 items
that were gonna do like no playing
around this isn't just you know being
trying to be a nice guy like he's like
write down 50 items and we're doing them
and it just it started from there just
small things like you know just what it
is on normal people's I would say bucket
lists like go to space and stuff like
that and then I was just like crazy
stuff like meeting you guys and it's
just like this should never happen just
like all right Ian - h3h like stuff like
that and because like you guys are the
people who when I'm going through
terrible stuff like I can just put on a
video and forget that I'm dying of
cancer content can make wit like can
make me whatever the bad stuff I'm going
through chemo problems whatever I can
just put some memes on and you know just
watch it and it's it's it takes me away
from the crappy situation of like
stomach pains whatever it is it's just
like alright I get to focus on something
funny and so thanks like having you guys
on the bucket list is really like
instead of I would say normal
celebrities you guys are like my my
celebrities so it's really cool to
actually get to be as what we do cuz
we're kind of separated we don't really
interact with our audience that much so
like hearing that it's crazy it's so
crazy man
I mean I'm honored said that that we got
the opportunity to sit down with you
thank you no I want people to know that
they're well there's still a chance for
you to recover from yes of course it is
bone-marrow donations right now the only
thing that can save me is a bone marrow
donation and most people just say oh
can't your parents do it or can't a
sibling unfortunately I had a sibling
she committed suicide in 2014 and she
was only a
about a six match and they can go all
the way up to a ten out of ten so my own
sister she wasn't enough no yeah well my
mom is only a three out of six and yeah
most it's pretty much a numbers game the
more people that sign up to be a
registered donor what are the chances do
you know it's only 30% that you're gonna
find a family member it is a match so I
know that's probably not the exact
numbers you were looking for but that's
because it just depends on races it's
purely general so African Americans and
oriental people they have a lot harder
time because you know there's North
Korea South Korea Japan all those things
are genetically so racial purity yeah
yeah I was when they take out my bone
marrow and they say that oh okay he's
Portuguese Puerto Rican and blah blah
blah that's a tough one so yeah and it's
it's a hard thing and it even goes as
far as like I remember you got some
weird virus oh yeah and it's viruses too
like they have to have every single
virus like it's your bone marrow has to
accept someone else's that is gonna be
making good white glow the white blood
cells don't match it's literally gonna
be civil so here's what I want to do
today I've been following you guys story
there's somebody out there with the bone
marrow to save your life
even if you don't match him you can save
somebody else's life yeah and the
process I thought it was super scary and
crazy but having followed you guys story
it's it's very simple it's like a and
what do you call it outpatient it just
takes like an hour you show up they pop
a needle in your hip you go that's if
you're actually mad process you get on
the list is to get on the registry you
just swab your mouth and it's a free you
go online yep I'm gonna talk about that
later I'm gonna tell you guys how to do
that later in the show
but I want to say if anybody at home is
watching now one it said advise you guys
a little bit in case of saving a life
for basically nothing wasn't enough
incentive if anybody matches you and
donates I'm gonna give him $5,000 so if
anybody's out there who wants to help
this dude out you can save his life and
I'm gonna pay you $5,000 thank you and
I'm gonna give you a hill this is a
priceless offer my
it's gonna be weird when some like
Chinese dude matches with you and then
we have to send them to Ethan you the
hand ease option I'll send you the check
so I'm gonna tell you guys Walt here let
me bring Dan throw it up on the screen
we'll talk more about it later
before we get today we'll talk more
about it later but there is a lot of
misconception about the process and I
was under the wrong impression as well I
thought you have to like immediately do
the donation but that's completely yeah
yeah it's basically two steps you sign
up to the registry and then if you match
with someone then you're saving life
yeah that part's a little harder but you
know you're saving in life I've done
bone marrow biopsies before I'd say 2015
they used to have to take to check on my
cancer levels like in depth they used to
have to take a bone marrow say would
sedate me do all the whole process and
it was literally a pain and but now
luckily they have just a genetics test
which they just take like seven files of
blood and then they'll figure it out
that way but yeah I had to do literally
have probably done six not eight of them
one of the of the old school which is
just they sedate you and that's what
they would do if you are a match and
it's just what you sedate you you're
just on your belly and they get bone
marrow from your hip it literally just
feels like you got like charley horse
trot above the butt cheek for you've
done it eight times yeah yeah ever since
2009 ever they had me do it
every there are three times every year
and then down to two times every year
and that was the most I got him space
now six months so you can basically just
go in for a day we'll explain it more
but I'm not the only one that's on your
list there was someone else on your list
that happens to be here now so we're
gonna bring him in yeah you're the who
yeah oh no no it's Philip DeFranco
Billy Dee I noticed that Billy was on
your list here sit here oh that's so
that's the ghost of a live this is the
was on your list and we and Philip
wanted to come and meet you guys already
anyway thank you so what happened so
fortunately that we got I just sent an
email to your producer like an hour ago
yeah yeah well we were we were talking
about uh I was like hey I know these
guys are reaching out let's let's set
something up and and she said yeah we're
doing it and Ethan hit me up and I was
like yeah let's completely just just
kind of hit him from the side I thought
you were gonna make a joke about like so
anyway obviously thank you I just wanted
to continue the conversation we're
having you so this you dropped out of
college when you found out that you have
cancer that the story of you guys's
friendship really it's really touching
about everything you guys have been
through I mean how was it deciding that
you were gonna drop out of college and
how did your family feel about yeah
actually I'll start with how my family
feels I am losing my job and getting
kicked out in about two weeks yeah I
don't know if my mom is actually gonna
enforce that I think it's more like
kicking you out my parents I think it's
a threat right it's like go back to
college or we're gonna kick you out I'm
curious to see if it actually happens
but hey I like the very soft language
I'm curious what happens and it happens
you know it's like it's not ideal but he
won't be on that's the fastest way to
test out a friendship
sleep sleep next to each other
actually we we almost got we had a share
of bed almost tonight car Hotel kind of
messed up we fixed it so we just hang
out way too much it was literally used
to be like I would hang it out of his
house for like Monday through Friday and
then he would go to hang out at my house
for like it would just be weeks just
trading off just at each others house so
we're pretty used to each other's
shenanigans - so your parents don't
really understand what you're doing or
well you guys are well I my parents they
kind of went through the whole process
of like living from a car and then you
know my mom went to college now she's a
nurse and so she sees the opportunity of
getting that degree right and obviously
she understands that I've been friends
with Chris for a long time and that she
understands that he's dying but it's
it's scary for it's hard to say even
with all those facts it's really a tough
choice to make yeah
and actually she just paid for more
classes so I'm technically supposed to
start class like next week but I told
her I'm not going to do that because
yeah I mean it basically just came down
to you know if he does pass that I can't
sit in a lecture hall listening to the
Linguistics of Norway or whatever I was
doing well I know that he's sitting in
the hospital you know and at this point
because that commitment we made together
like on March 1st we broke a world
record and together the two of us we
have we are the people that have made
the most amount of people sign up for a
bone marrow registry in one day and it's
like if I didn't make that decision you
know then our effort would have been
posting on Facebook you sign up as a
marrow donor and then if he died you
know it almost would have been like not
necessarily my fault but I wouldn't have
put in my effort and now we're feeling
like okay we may be really I mean like
it's it's just up to someone else which
is the unfortunate part about this
leukemia is it's not like I can just
walk into a hospital just be like carry
me please I'll take one care like now
it's like finally good so I have to wait
for someone so really like we've tried
all we can right now and just hopefully
keep raising the awareness message
because it's not just me there's
hundreds if not thousands yeah so I mean
there's like the perspective of you know
not wanting to lose him right in
and just kind of letting that happen but
also we've had to buy a lot of hard
drives recently because there's so much
footage of experiencing life together
you know for terrible and and then it's
just become luckily we may I made that
decision you know we made the decision
because now we're inspiring people we
people are watching this entire story
and and we have people who care about us
and we care about them and you know at
first yeah it was definitely just I
don't want to sit here knowing that he's
dying but then it very quickly turned
into holy crap like we're doing
something that is actually changing
people's lives
well I think there's plenty of people
watching who'd be like yeah I would
totally put my life on hold just try to
save my friend's life like everybody
likes to stay dream and fantasize about
doing that but actually I think it is a
whole different thing so right because
even what you're saying I mean there
there are real stakes and the fact that
you're you're willing to do that to to
get the experiences that you're getting
now like that's I wouldn't I'm very not
about the romantic yeah I love that yeah
managerial economics cognitive science
and tech management that's what my
parents don't like is the fact that mom
I'm making a youtube video but you know
like we we say now that we're running
out of adjectives to describe what's
happening because like scrolling through
my contacts list I have Danny DeVito
right next to Brody Burns you got Danny
DeVito on speed dial
yeah I'm just wait we're gonna get like
a really populated discord server one
day and were just gonna leak it
just leaked his phone numbers I know
it's a that's the real game plan did you
guys expect to get this kind of
attention like I'm curious how did you
guys start and when was your first like
breakthrough because now it seems like a
lot of people know who you are but in
the beginning how did you first get
realized I I told Chris because a lot of
it was documenting the story right we
wanted people to see that like hey you
know sure and we're in a situation where
he might be dying but really you can go
live out a bucket list and and even our
bucket list kind of portrays that too
you know sure not a lot of people will
be able to sit in this room but we also
want to help an old lady across the
street you might want to feed homeless
and yeah personable as well is I want to
be famous how are you happy like it's
just there's there's so much stuff to do
in life that is beyond just Oh fun
things here fun things there it's what
will make you feel good about helping
someone else like genuinely helping them
not just like alright here's some 10
cents you know like to a homeless guy
like actually genuinely going out there
and making a contact and doing the the
first date cuz we decided to document it
the first day I had the camera in front
of Chris the little camera that I had
from high school
Chris you need to tell a story
effectively because 10,000 people are
gonna watch this okay
first of all if we ran out of batteries
because it took him so long pronouncing
[ __ ] to get one line out oh my god he
was terrible I'm bad I'm like even
originally in front of the camera it was
just like an intro sappy one like we
were talking we made we download we
maybe pirated an Adobe program and we
just like Adobe software in this house
it was crack trying to come up with a
flyer to describe what we are doing and
we were like mapping out okay we're
gonna walk to our neighbors and say this
and maybe we can get some money to be
able went on doing door-to-door to raise
the awareness
yeah we posted it on Reddit and next
thing you know he called me I think it
was with my girlfriend he's like hey
we're at a quarter million views yeah
just walking at the river in the last
time I checked it like three hours
before it was that like 60,000 and I was
are sweating bullets I was just like I
need to walk I need to like and I check
it again like once I stopped walking I'm
like oh that's like our video yeah and
really everything that's happened so far
is because of that first video pretty
much yeah
uncredible reddit sometimes it's great
sometimes it's the worst
yeah it's coin toss it's a it's a real
coin that sometimes I feel about backers
I think we own the rights to the music I
don't think I mean it was terrible but
its production to us you know it's a
story of who we are and and people
definitely didn't like it there are some
people who are very critical of it but
what did they say I'm curiosity it's the
whole spectrum um there are some
conspiracies that I'm stealing all the
money from Chris yeah that I'm actually
like I'm just some puppet just juice and
all the funds out of me he's just in
there just I love how cynical people
gonna be that they can be like even like
why wouldn't I just stop hey like that's
my biggest thing like eight point eight
why wouldn't I just say I'm trouble
because we had a patreon link in the
description and they're like oh you're
just trying because I mean I understand
it but I really have to carry around my
doctor's note that literally says like
and needs to go to the hospital because
he's gonna die soon I have to carry that
on me because people like no you don't
like you want to see yeah yeah I pull
out the paper and I'm just like read it
like that's my name right there like
it's it's real that's it that's the dark
side of the internet people are always
ready to see the worst possible scenario
yeah even the worst possible scenario is
like like just let it go dude if that's
what you think just [ __ ] move on like
don't make it your life's mission to
like [ __ ] on you guys
was the most recent one it was hardcore
so like he dated my sister oh well you
invited I did like back in the day and
like this before that person commented
they were just like oh I know this may
be weird but I for some reason think
that you dating his sister was the
reason that she killed herself and that
you're just in it for the money and like
I was literally just like damn like this
part that was the one comment and it
didn't like personally offend us but
it's just so like yeah it's just a lot
of those levels of like really like
you're gonna hey you're gonna bring up
my dead sister come over like all that
stuff and it's just like because I'm fat
and dumb don't target Dylan because he
dated my sister just weird you guys
actually are are you still posting
videos to our videos no we're trying we
do of our own content well part of it
too was I because we kind of share an
account and and I had some other
accounts and then also people were
pretending to be us saying me and my
best friend are doing this I don't know
what they gain from that so it was there
was some kind of we did take advantage
of the platform because when you post
something there and then suddenly you're
