welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
today's episode is sponsored by stitch
fix Dollar Shave Club and the black tux
today's guest is the mega not just he's
not a superstar he's a megastar ninja
the twitch streamer and pro gamer and
fortnight phenomenon
many of you probably know who ninja is
but for those of you who don't know let
me give you some numbers to kind of put
in perspective what we're dealing with
here so I was checking ok well he's a
twitch streamer let's start there at the
at the beginning of the year he had a
just under a million subscribers that
was just a few short months ago and a
million subscribers on twitch makes him
one of the biggest channels on twitch
she was a big deal
fast forward to today since that moment
he's up over 6 million subscribers on
twitch the biggest channel on twitch by
far now he's broken all the streaming
records he first broke the streaming
record what for the most concurrent
viewers at one time when he played with
the Drake
yes Drake mr. uh hot whatever you guys
know drink hey mister yeah exactly
shed the sweater I love Jake he's the
greatest so jealous I get to sit across
from someone who's played with Drake
that sounds bad
I like I like him for it I just have him
on to get to Drake I'm thinking about
Trane I lost my dream he he broke the
record one who's playing with Drake the
previous record was dr. disrespect when
he came back from his break he had like
three hundred thirty eight hundred
thousand concurrent viewers which was
enormous
so when Nietzsche blasts on the scene
with Drake they get six hundred thousand
concurrent viewers this is unbelievable
four alive people sitting there watching
like okay and then he broke his own
record again this last weekend when he
was in Vegas putting on some really cool
event that I want to talk about later
with him but that event broke his
own record was 660,000 live viewers his
YouTube channel which is highlights of
his Twitter stream is unbelievable he
posts a highlight every day and these
are getting like 4 to 7 million views
every day in the past month in the past
30 days on YouTube he's gained 3.2
million new subscribers and has 200
million views in the past month in the
past 30 days I've never seen anything
like it
it's unbelievable it's exciting it's
cool to see that that somebody could
take it this far could blow up this much
it's it's those numbers like don't make
sense I've never seen like never seen
anything like it
3.2 million news today he's streaming
with Drake was the day we did our live
show at the improv and we streamed it
really I'm pretty sure that wasn't what
was happening and we were like wow that
was great it was so much fun and then
after the show well apparently there was
something huge going on nobody cared
about no not shitty live show anyway
yeah I remember like just that that was
the first time I heard about him feel
like if you thought that was crazy
you're 20,000 views I know that's got a
dude we used we could pull like 10 to
30,000 outside and those were like top
numbers for the longest time 30,000 was
like top top dog in it this guy now come
just will casually stream with over a
hundred thousand I didn't think it would
be possible
it's incredible it's super exciting and
I'm super happy for him to because he's
a nice sweet genuine guy he's been in
the game for a long time he's been a pro
gamer for ten years okay so this isn't
some overnight the guy's been grinding
heart and he deserves his success he's a
sweet guy he's an interesting guy super
excited to talk to him I hope you guys
are excited to watch so we are just
gonna hop off we're gonna go grab him
he's coming in soon so stay tuned we'll
be back shortly with your boy ninja so
do not go away god bless you
appreciate you you're the best I love
you dad cut me off because I don't stop
know how to stuff
what up pimps we've got the man here
yeah boy ninja aka Tyler Blevins yes
let's play where's the origin of beloved
uh I get that everyone so mama it's like
Welsh my mother yeah well [ __ ] means a
little wolf oh oh yeah man that's
wonderful they're cool
yeah I really said maybe that's to be my
gamertag instead or a little wolf you
know so we were in showing you before
you came in just talking about all the
the unbelief like unprecedented numbers
you've been smashing yeah I've never
seen anyone
I mean I've not been on YouTube the
longest but I've been around for a
little bit now like five years now and
I've never seen in all my time someone
come up so hard yeah so fast right I
mean first of all how has that affected
your life because it seems like you were
popular but in the past four months
according like oh yeah unbelievable
so with how long I've been like
streaming and doing all this content
stuff like that the the massive growth
really hasn't changed much because it's
like in my own way I kind of was like
relevant essentially so it's just really
cool to see to see how girl like looking
at the statistics we're looking at like
numbers and how quickly other people
have grown to and to just kind of like
smash all of that and is amazing it's
mean it's yeah it's unbelievable yeah
and nothing's really changed honestly
the wife and I still have the same
schedule if anything we just kind of I
mean I'm actually trying to stream more
right so that you know there's more
content on like the Instagram clip right
and everything so no I mean coming from
YouTube we had mentioned the intro but
you you have like 3.3 million
subscribers in the past 30 days
yes we're averaging nine every nine days
is a million subscribers about 100 left
had 120 a day and those are just clips
from your twitch streams they are not
yes they are not very rarely will I try
to so like in a live stream if I wanted
to I could do like okay this game is
gonna be tips and tricks so I'll
literally intro it in to the live stream
and then make it more like professional
it's fun fact actually just tested that
for the very first time doing a light
machine gun only this new gun that came
out in four night I was like okay I'm
dude tips and tricks this game right
it's gonna be great like I think I was
thinking 10 million views like in like a
couple of like days like two days and it
actually didn't do the great great it's
not like it's like right in the middle
of kind of where a lot of my just
pre-recorded like ripped content is and
so that actually it was something that
blew my mind
I think people like the authentic
experience yeah
want the real deal they want to see the
crazy [ __ ] that's happening again
exactly and I think that in my opinion I
think a lot a lot of a lot of youtubers
who are trying to like do the the
YouTube live content or their YouTube
content that is planned and they come
over to twitch and it is live it's there
there's like a disconnect there it's ah
you're right
yeah it's hard it's it's a highly
different world and it is this is live
yeah we still suck at it but it's like
the whole lot well we've streamed video
games before yes it can be revoking
brutal like Ustream how long do you
usually stream for oh so the schedule is
like 9:30 is when I'll start in the
morning and then I play until like fours
like six hours 600 hours and then I'll
take a nice three four-hour break with
the wife and dogs and then or family we
have like family nights and stuff like
that too and then come back on around
like seven o'clock central and stream
into like three two in the morning and
then so it's like it's minimum like
twelve hours a day is what we're trying
to be and then I'll sleep for like less
than six hours or seven hours do you
ever get like I would stream for like
five hours a couple times and I was like
I'm [ __ ] done for the week like I'm
not making YouTube videos you hung on in
bed I'm done for the week yeah no it's
it's it's just like I've been doing it
for so long so maybe I built up a
tolerance or something like that an
immunity to like that well it seems like
you really love it oh dude that's that
helps really yeah
and being honestly being good at the
games my worst days where I'm also the
taxed the most are when I'm not doing
well
right and I think that's because you
know it just sucks and also like
mentally draining I'm kind of worried
about I didn't perform today like it's
not okay don't happen often which like
that's a lot of pressure too yes because
you're the best quote-unquote you think
you're the best for tonight I would
never say that no no you have to like
not not like I've never said it because
I think I am but it sounds bad yeah yeah
I know right alright now if you if you
put yourself there like you you're
already kept all downhill
exactly you saying oh I'm saying and
also I can't learn like at that point
it's kind of like oh I'm the best
there's no room for growth right and
that's not well from my point of view
when I watch your videos in your stream
I'm just like what the [ __ ] that's the
gold man but like also that must come
with an extraordinary amount of stress
like you said you streaming and you're
having off days and you feel bad so does
that stress to always perform like so
good how do you cope with that
it really just
it's again like those days don't really
happen too often so I got them really
once every like two or three weeks I'll
have just like a really bad day where
I'll wind only a couple games and you
know it's great actually just having
such a supportive community because I'll
get like a donor or someone in stem it's
just a hey man like nice to know you're
human like that is important you know
and I'll do my best also just be like
hey guys even I suck sometimes like cuz
I'll have you know ten games in a row
where I just died off the start and I'm
like but I'm a very good like at
resetting as well so like sometimes I'll
have like a bad first hour or something
like that and like one time I joked
around and I completely like restarted
my stream essentially I didn't thought
the intro screen back in I laughed I
came downstairs play the song and I was
just like hey guys what's up first game
of the day here we go and I'd up winning
that game we're like 20 kills or
something like that did you make a
conscious effort to get really good at
the game or was it just I mean you're
professional gamer you've been gaming
for what like 10 years oh my entire life
but professionally like seven eight okay
when fortnight came out what was it did
you have kind of a feeling of like this
is gonna be a big game what was your
process of being like I'm gonna be
really good at this game or are you just
good at all games I'm good at all games
and that's just from being a gamer mine
right my entire life yeah it's literally
what I do so and I played a lot when I
was growing up a lot of RPG games you
know the teenage Ninja Turtles legend of
legaia Legend of Dragoon and Final
Fantasy and then halo 1 Goldeneye these
Super Smash Bros I literally played
every game imaginable you know written
dude road rash I don't this amazing man
squeal back dude it was amazing run a
motorcycle and you could like buy and
upgrade your motorcycles and like you
had like you could like whip like you
know with chains like you're the other
guys next to you it was actually super
fun but no yeah playing all those games
just kind of made me you were you were
prepared from all angles yes yes sir d
and also what people don't yet for night
man
it didn't blow up right away by any
means ever no I was I kept my eye on it
I always check out my chat right and
when they're asking you to play a game
or play with someone in the back of my
head I'm always like okay like this
needs to be there's some research on
this and either watch it or you know
watch this guy's content and see if I
could be someone to collab with and
stuff and the game was not being
received well by a lot of top
broadcasters
I was watching that they were
complaining about it oh it's too
cartoony oh it's not fun it's not no
scale it's not and then but when I'm
watching it myself I'm like this this
looks really entertaining they're really
fun so I waited for there was like an AR
update where they like increase the
accuracy or whatever and I was like okay
this is my I kept telling my chat like I
will play it just soon I will play it
soon I will play it soon and then
finally I switched from pub G love the
game was not very good at it in terms of
the shooting is not the difficult part
it's building and that meta kind of grew
over time and I figured that out how
important it was to obviously block
shots from people shooting you and then
once I figure that out I think that's
what I'm missing I'm so bad at the game
yeah the whole fort aspect you know
penis gallery I literally love that ya
know it's building is literally the most
important thing the way that you just
like well good players they'll like
build a whole [ __ ] tower yeah like
jumping and building on it I can't be I
can't get it oh yeah I know that is that
that's the part that really takes a
minute to get down so you'll find that
there aren't that many talented players
like in every game so if you just build
simple little structures you can win
that's enough yeah it is it is but again
if you're gonna run into a Mira
you know another top player that is like
trying actually game lame-o you're dunk
on yeah yeah it's very easy to tell if
somebody's not good I think for
tonight's such an interesting game
because well if you look at if you
compare it to pub G which is just a
pretty simple shooter with a really cool
it's actually super basic it's super
basic it's got a really cool concept and
a cool map yes that concept is basic
yeah and fortnight took it then next
step further by introducing another
element of strategy yeah it went like
Super Saiyan like God like like vulture
and say turned it and real I catch a
game of chess yes it really was
so like the a lot of people are like oh
you know built like pub G requires so
much more skill because you know there's
no building you know and it's like wrong
it's exact opposite like pub G someone
sees you from a mile away with a times
15 scope yeah it can hide in a building
and kill you and have the and be
completely it's not difficult to shoot a
gun and hit somebody like gun skill is
not is never the main reason that
someone's talented at a game it is
literally their decision making like you
know next level stuff what are they
thinking ten steps ahead and pop G you
and not saying the game does obviously
require talent but less of less of it in
my opinion there's a lot less of a skill
gap yes where you can get this good or
as good like with you if you were trying
everything if I try every game and I
don't I a lot of games for me throwing
you know the impulse bombing in aiding
myself 50 feet in the air and trying to
like swag on someone with a noscope like
if I did not do that I only went mega
trihard I'd win like 90% of my games it
really 1,000,000%
I'll and I'll ant a 1 million percent
Elena tilted towers dude like I would
never land there I would try it I would
land in very outskirt and like sides
like I died mainly because I other
messing around too much i under arrest
or entertaining you're not playing
exactly I find that balance yeah and
some days the worst days are when I try
to goof off too soon I don't get wins
and then now I'm trying but now I'm kind
of in my own head and then I'm not gonna
win and then oh yeah weird so we touched
briefly on like how fort net wasn't
really that popular frighten it where he
didn't really come from because I
remember when doctor disrespect was here
yes we asked him about fortnight because
we just had Brendan green the right Bob
G crater on like a week before cool and
it was like fortnight was like this cool
little game that was kind of just riding
the Battle Royale wait up and then all
the Select suddenly it was like the most
popular game in the world who so I mean
I think that it stems from really being
free-to-play right and that's it's kind
of like League of Legends yeah perfect
you literally if you want if you want
this is why I don't know a lot of people
aren't doing it like concept of like
League of Legends kind of did that free
to play in game skin purchases are where
they make the revenue game and it's a
solid game I think what it was someone
very recent we had a conversation with
foreign it does not feel free to play
absolutely not and that is that's
actually shroud it was shroud I was
watching trout stream and he was playing
a game that literally was like a puppy
knockoff completely like 100% and it's
free-to-play yeah and and the comment
that he made was like for Annette does
not feel free to play doesn't and
neither did League and correct that's
why it was so successful
oh yeah everyone recently had a
conversation I mean a lot of people like
if there I mean like taking pictures all
the time in in the airport and like this
one guy his dad was just like like oh
like I gotta buy it I should buy it like
it sounds cool I'm like down-low
it's free it's almost the that's how hmm
it's how we can go viral yeah it's so
accessible you can even compare it to
like basketball or baseball or football
in a way because you don't need to you
just need a ball using you can play yes
it needs to be the same way if the game
ever wants to be comparable on that
level agreed like you cannot like unless
the game is literally God's gift to the
earth like you cannot expect a game a
destiny that's a $60 it's got it's a
huge barrier oh yeah
yes yes especially since Destiny's like
what is actually on everything besides
mobile and stuff like that yeah that
just came out on PC right for two but
yeah ma'am can't expect people to just
buy it's interesting he bucks a lot of
money I think a lot of people are like I
don't want free-to-play games to on the
other hand because they're like I don't
want a bunch of trash and I don't really
access rights right and I don't want to
have to pay for [ __ ] but the way that
they do it is so perfect unoffensive
well they have a they have the single
player you have to pay tip if you want
to yes but totally unnecessary
yeah I mean it's been actually super fun
I thought of dude I loved it
I seen a lot of videos in it I mean it's
great like a tower defense man have you
played it I mess around with it a little
bit I actually try not to because
there's less like there's no delay
there's no jump fatigue on the that
which always when you jump in and you
like it's gonna pollute your it does
like I would jump in the survival one
and it's like instant like I can tell
there was no connection involved
whatsoever like oh my god and I switched
over it's like playing on it's a claw
three up dude halo three yes halo three
