welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast
that's right heel up thank you to
today's sponsors and the empty quip and
stitch fix next week's guest is the
great and wonderful rhett and Link of
good mythical morning I'm very excited
to have them they will be joining us on
Thursday at 7 p.m. PST an unusual time
please leave your questions for them on
the subreddit we will also be having an
extra episode this Tuesday top of the
bud joining us on the mic and sound war
will be the funny and wonderful good
friend of mine Zak Adel aka psychic
pebbles it's gonna be a magical mystery
ride so join us on Tuesday but enough
with that peripheral BS because today's
guest is perhaps the most underrated
youtuber of all time for sure of all
time his production quality is beyond
anything I've ever seen on YouTube and
every video has the production quality
and visual effects of like a
multi-million dollar Hollywood
production it's insane
he's been doing it for 10 years and he's
in my he's one of my favorite channels
and he's criminally under watched you
may know him as Captain disillusion he's
a superhero whose special power is
skepticism he debunks conspiracy
theories and faked special effects in a
wonderful comedic way that I have not
seen anywhere he is the incredible Randi
of the new generation I cannot sing his
praises enough and it is a great honor
and privilege to introduce the wonderful
Allen Melek Jane Ian to the show and
also Allen and viewers at home did you
realize that we're on a green screen
this whole time Oh who's the special
effects master now dude green-screen
ourselves into our own studio please
who's on that level I know how to drag
and drop ultra keys alright with that
being said I hope you all just got
freaked out
let's get wrong with our boy Allen got
him what did you think about that how
what do you think about our special
effects you know what [ __ ] this [ __ ] Wow
okay that's what happens when you out
dock they don't know what you think
you're so smart but actually he's called
the amazing Randi all right so you got
that wrong incredible Randi
I'm sure he'll take incredible thank you
so much for being here god bless ya
great to see you thank you for having me
hi I think hi and everybody who's ever
seen your videos has got to be a huge
fan thank you so I it's great that we
finally get a chance to say what up I'm
so happy to be here I should warn you
guys though
that uh the the the first the only other
time I've been to LA before now has been
for like work reasons with this company
that I've been years ago
and we came here to get like an
endorsement from a famous person and our
experience was we came to LAX landed
went straight to Beverly Hills to meet
in the home of this like well-known film
director who was in our meeting but I'll
say another name though because during
the meeting which went fine it had to be
paused for a minute because he was
visited by rock musician guitarist Slash
which just showed up with a DVD of a
cartoon that he produced or something
that starts like a kid version of
himself that he wanted to show the
director so they watched it in his
bedroom like sitting on the bed yeah and
we're there watching them watch this
like a couple of kids and then you know
he they finished he left
we finished our meeting went back on the
plane so I'm just saying the level of
weirdness has to be maintained this trip
like if you guys can help me out so I
have a story each time is not an
uncommon experience no no he's a strange
city it's way too big
hmm there's everybody takes freeways
that are like you can't see anything
when you're on the freeway so you have
no grasp of what the city is actually
like a lot of people come here for
business
they just their experience is being
stuck in traffic all day and then they
leave they're like what's the yeah what
did I like it it's just you got a
you got it good understand like ten
years here be like yeah I'm gonna fall
in love with it yeah over time I get it
and I know it's not that romantic it's
not like I think you succeed here fall
in love yeah that's how it works
maybe my first question for you is how
long does it take to do that makeup used
to take a really long time like I was so
slow and bad at it it took me like maybe
like 45 minutes like it shouldn't look
like it takes that long but I got it
down to about 15-20 minutes when I'm
like just breezing through it that's
still it's it's a process and I imagine
like how many shoot days do you have per
visit I try to keep it to one for that
very reason but sometimes yeah we'll
have like a proper like movie shoot day
where it's like an 8 to 12 hour day
we're just like let's get because I do
12 takes of everything and I can't
really talk good so yeah we'll just
shoot everything through but sometimes
if it involves me like being in a
different location or something outside
the place so we'll we'll do like a
separate day so there's a lot of
planning that goes in through the script
probably because it's gotta be all right
I mean I treat treated like short films
you know like we do and I went to film
school we did little films all the time
and it's the whole I do everything by
the book that way I write the script
I'll plan it out do a shot list and Wow
do it in the nerdy way so when you say
well here I want I want to I would like
to for the uninitiated here in the
audience watch one of your videos I want
to just give the people out there who
aren't familiar with your work some is
that okay oh yeah I hope it's not one of
the old ones that I know I want to watch
your first video is like what the hell
like your first videos from ten years
ago and aren't all the other bought
videos at that time I bought a square
yeah mine's a square technically but
it's like letterbox to be 16 and now it
looks normal
yeah at a time you are I had to add a
special tag because it was like you know
how that the thing that happened where
like you had the widescreen video and if
you got boxed in twice right so there's
like a little tag they made you could
put it in and it's like
ahead of the freaking game even ten
years ago so okay I want people to get
the full D the big ol D that they
deserve no quick T's here
big fat D so here is your I think this
is your most recent video yeah you made
you you at home may no have heard of the
invisible box challenge I happen upon it
and basically what you do generally
speaking is fine online phenomenons or
how would you call it people who are
trying to get away the something yeah I
mean just hoaxes and a little depends
sometimes it could just be something
unusual and you can't tell if it's real
or fake or someone really deliberately
deliberately trying to like fool people
it's different thing or sometimes it's
just a viral ad right so you debunk
stuff videos essentially graphical
effects mainly yeah I like I just call
it debunking for ease of like
understanding but sometimes I'll just
like kind of critique a thing or say hey
here's how you could do this you know
and this is how they did it this is how
you could do it sometimes I'm really
pissed off and I think what they're
doing is wrong and I kind of really
criticized the people behind it
sometimes I'm having fun with it
when you say are you talking about the
character or yeah how what's the
difference between what you feel and
what the character feels I mean it's
like a heightened exaggerated version of
like my impulsive reactions to what I
see but of course it's made you know I
like to think I'm a nice guy this is
like how I wish like the dickish version
of me that I wish I could be and I think
it works just for comedic effect
sometimes it's like almost what not to
be
like how not to react it's you know it's
like a reverse like I love it I think I
think it's so funny I love the character
well here let's watch this first of all
let me say I love how you just flex on
all the people in this video because
you're like you guys were all doing this
fake box challenge but if you were good
this is how you would do it basically
let's watch
I think we should just go ahead and
pronounce the word meme the way we all
read it in our heads
I admit something embarrassing yeah
you're like my first two years on the
internet I said I said Mamie yeah me too
why I didn't talk on the internet but
that's how I thought it's pronounced how
would you how are you supposed to know
you were in is what you're supposed to
yeah you're supposed to hear the
audiobook of the Richard Dawkins book he
says no but I was I was chastised by my
friends because I was walking around
saying Mamie that's so embarrassing but
I was there like it's me Mom I should
bring it back yeah I mean it's more fun
to say little circle yeah the dank
maymay well you guys are trendsetters
now you could do this you brought it
back you're the main main guy it's a
perfect still there meme already means
mime in French so the viral trend we
call that should at least involve some
actual miming skills like for instance
the invisible box challenge you know the
thing that was a thing for a while where
you try to convincingly step over
nothing it truly took off when someone
actually managed to do it well was that
one fake no no that's that's okay that's
the one I saw like that's cool I mean
none of them are fake I mean there are a
few the ones that are highlight you know
yeah and it kind of came later the
phenomenon of faking it because people
wanted to one-up each other but first
people were just trying to do this dance
move which I guess she does the best do
it well and that someone was see your
Texas varsity cheerleader Arielle Olive
are here she is on NBC's Today Show
explaining how to perform the move in a
series of shots that break every
possible rule of composition let's watch
okay first you to show them as nothing
there
like a magic trick and then you lift
your leg or no you have to pass I
thought you were gonna do bunk this
place turns out you just didn't like the
well behind the scenes extra here you
see they have a little green screen
thing going on in that show because
later they do a joke of it the hosts
join her and they do it anyone can do it
well anyone who is strong lightweight
and extremely coordinated like Ariel and
me watch this your green screen setup
yeah well I made this like rigged up to
look sadder and fall it's incredible
what you can accomplish with relatively
small resources sure just gotta know how
to make it look good and notice the
green shirt on green green screen that
was not easy
what you mean green yeah before before
the green screen disappears it's
actually being keyed you gotta have the
skills understand exactly what I'm
looking at here like I'm wearing that
green shirt there everyone what is being
keyed on green screen for that little
bit and that's just you know that's just
how you just experience that skills
right oh my god Dan well how do you feel
about that are you insecure back there a
little bit we were struggling we were
struggling keying out that perfectly lit
professionally setup look good to me is
that it is that a good conditions for a
greener for a green yeah yeah we can't
really we can't really good
another part that I love the view in
door types how about this when you start
flexing on these haters and show how it
could really be done feel like much of a
challenge how about this my totally fake
invisible box video breaks all those
rules
the camera is handheld and moving a
clear shadow shows my foot not touching
anything and this alternate angle shows
I wasn't suspended from above
can you tell how I did it so when you
all reveal so great so how long did it
take you to actually as you go into the
details of how you did it and putting
dots on the concrete
okay after finding just the right
location completely and I filmed the
shot with a real box dotted with
tracking markers I also put a dense grid
of markers on the ground in front of the
box like all these markers help me
extract a camera salt and refill all the
dots in the back you set up like though
the back are just just features that are
dot looking but mainly what was
important is that area move in 3d much
more precisely than could be done with
auto tracking armed with this 3d
animated recreation I was able to freeze
one frame of the pavement without the
box which I made sure to capture right
after filming the move and projected
back on to the virtual ground surface
making the box literally invisible
throughout the moving shot forced it
also made everything else that entered
the area disappear and while the green
on the Box helped a little I ended up
manually rotoscoping my hand and foot
and their respective shadows to appear
on top of the box and visibility patch
ironically the biggest challenge was
removing the markers that made the
effect possible in the first place
painting them away in one frame and
using the same projection method as the
box wasn't enough because my shadow
moved across them so I picked individual
frames where various markers are in
shadow painted each one
and combined a series of projections
until I had a version of the entire grid
in shadow I then used the tracking data
to stabilize a 2d projection of my
shadow and rotoscope did to create a mat
that controlled when and how a shadow
moonwalkers revealed after SIA final
tweaks and color adjustments I ended up
with a pretty convincing take on a meme
that was already extremely out of date
when I started being trans out a couple
questions that was so great yeah that
was actually one of my favorite moments
from from your videos of how about that
whole sequence came together how long
did it did it take you to put all that
together well I I mean I take I release
a video a month and so you know that the
old like adage they a task is going to
take as long as the time you a lot for
it so it pretty much takes me every day
of the month to put it together but like
the effects are definitely the longest
portion because I'll shoot it in a day
like I said I'll do like the rough
editing in a day and then I just sit
there for days doing moving the fine
work so you you you spend the bulk of
your time doing all the visual effects
do you do you edit yourself yeah I
everything every like moment of every
video I've done on my own you know if I
was smart I could like collaborate with
people and get people to help me but you
know I'm still working on that I'm
figuring out how I can I can make that
someone on that level which could you
ever trust somebody else that edit ear
style just you just have to know how to
meet the right people and like you know
kind of find like minds and people of
the same skill level but I'm not like
you know what's funny as we were
watching that I wanted to say that yeah
it looks it's pretty dense and I'm
explaining a lot of stuff but honestly
like anyone that does visual effects
when they watch that they'll be like
yeah sure like that's what we do
nothing's what we do every day huh I
mean it's it's just that kind of
complicated like it's it's yeah but you
know it's funny well before I knew how
to edit I used to watch these like MLG
montages and I was like that's magic
it's like just really shitty meme
it's hunger but now that I see that it
looks really easy yeah but I'm
interested what you said about how it
takes you so long to make a video it's
so hard for you your video to be
relevant by the time you finish it do
you find yourself coming along that
problem frequently yeah I mean you know
that like YouTube move so fast is that
you're trying to hit on something trendy
so I'm I've learned that I just that's
not something I'm always able to do so
I'm like aiming for things either like
this I'll just play it off and say well
now it's my turn to talk about this or
I'll just pick things that are kind of
timeless like a lot of viral videos just
come around like you just come back then
they do like they're like a comment I
had an episode called viral comments
where it's just like stuff somebody just
starts sharing the thing from 2002 again
and it's like how did you tell me about
your background of visual effects and
special effects you studied it in
college but how did how did you actually
get good I didn't actually study visual
effects in college right I always was
interested in like moviemaking and
animation and it was always a toss-up
for me between which of those two fields
I'm really going to pursue and when it
was time to go to college
I picked this like kind of little like
dingy little film school that was just
starting out and and they had a computer
animation program that was all fancy and
this little like trihard little film
Department and then I signed up for
animation but at the last second like
after the first day of school I realized
I need to change my major because
animation and anything with visual
effects with computers that's something
you can learn on your own
honestly like there's especially now
this this was before like tutorials and
things but there were books on the
subjects and you could you could just
get the software and figure it out and
play with it until you figure out how it
works but with filmmaking shooting stuff
editing you've got a it's like a team
sport and if you don't learn in like a
safe way how to work together with
everybody how to delegate and everything
then you there's no and also like play
with all the fancy equipment that you
don't necessarily need
just can't get tons of money yeah so I
said yeah I spent like I studied that
properly and then I kind of just taught
self-taught in terms of effects in it
well so people who want to learn how to
do this or learn to make film is that
the important thing that you learned
from film school more than anything just
how to work in that that team
environment would you say yeah well like
specifically just things not with not
having to do with effects just making
movies telling stories that's something
it's difficult to do on your own you can
watch a YouTube tutorial about how to
work with a group it's not you can even
watch that tutorial but you without
experiencing it and like interacting and
getting a thing done together I don't
think you can you know you it's like you
just have to feel it out but a computer
program is a computer program like we
use them every day so this is just a
different thing you do that with a
different tool I wanted to ask you kind
of answered it is it possible to learn
to be that good at editing in school or
do you think someone who's who's as
talented as you at it see you grimacing
I don't take compliments well do you
think that someone can get that good at
something would have to just on their
own decide and dedicate I'm gonna spend
an obscene amount of time by myself
