[Music]
welcome everyone to the h3 podcast
experience today we are sponsored by me
undo stitch fix and Felix gray the guest
is the hilarious the wonderful the
excellent machine otherwise known as
Berk right there new Netflix special out
today secret time which I've watched
loved hilarious no good you have to
watch it but after this podcast because
don't I want you you know I want I want
to watch this yeah yeah yeah yeah you
the first person I ever sent a special
to ever in my entire life yep by the way
that is scene right the machine it was
well it was must been three years ago
was it three years ago that's like one
year no no no it had to be love when you
were in here for oh when I did the
machine when I read the machine you had
to be excited me too
maybe two maybe two and a five ok this
marvelous man it was like 20 years ago
right yeah whose before the internet
that's what's really impressive and you
I was following you and I was little I
was like obsessed with you and then I
kept tweeting your videos and then you
were like hey thank you or whatever yeah
and I was like I was again you're like
you got any specials like let me send it
to you I'd never done that to anyone and
it's such an uncomfortable place to go
to to go like hey here's what I've been
working on yeah
tell me if you enjoy it and I was like
wait that was a big [ __ ] mistake I
should have let him found me online the
good stuff first and then I was like and
then you came back you're like that was
hilarious
hey la come do my podcast and I was like
oh my god I was like you come to LA on
the podcaster part is is that we had you
on yeah we had this one or probably the
best episode you were probably the first
guy here in this office we had just
about this studio we had just built this
big beautiful set we're like let's bring
Burton he's a honored guest such a great
I was flipping the tables I remember you
we were drunk we were I would have drunk
here and you said to me when you started
you go I don't really drink yeah we were
drunk by the first break it's like in 30
minutes we were drunk yeah I was
flipping the table but it was the best
episode I've ever said I can say that
without reserve because no one will ever
see it no one and it's such a shame
because it was lost to oblivion for
technical issues yeah because we were
new we didn't know we were doing and I'm
so so sorry did that happen yeah I am so
sorry but I will say we learned a lot of
things from that episode we learned a
lot from meeting you and having you on
and I want to list some of the things we
learned from you okay
yes first of all to your great credit we
it was like three hours of shooting and
you said you have to post the whole
thing unedited yeah that was like
November you were like I knew I think
you were cutting you were like all right
yeah and then I was like no no no just
roll this whole thing I can't believe we
were doing that we were thinking we were
thinking like YouTube video you were
definitely thinking YouTube video and
thinking like you're like we got to chop
it up and I was like no no no no and I
kept trying the beautiful stuff is the
in-between saying yeah it's like I love
my favorite part of podcasting is when
like something happens off mic and
you're listening and you're like but you
we were so obsessed with cutting it and
editing it down it's true that it loses
authenticity is the pop yeah and when
you're in the editing and you're trying
to edit down like a natural conversation
it's like maddening what do you you know
what I'm saying yeah you were right okay
and we always thought because we took us
a while to get there but we stopped
editing we said number two
I remember we don't get we get uber
blocks for all of our guests now
Oh oh my god I remember that so baby
you're like let I didn't at the time I
didn't even I understood there was a
burr but I didn't know anyone used
anything other than uber black and
you're like and I was like I'm gonna be
drinking I got an uber and you're like
no no I thing is that I didn't know that
there was another option so I was on the
other end but I remember we were when he
was trying to pick you up you couldn't
find you we were on the phone he didn't
speak English he's on the corner the big
guy he's got a beard I got I wouldn't
get in his backseat there were groceries
back there yeah so since that moment I
was again I want you to know we get
blacks for all of our guys and ever
since that day we've sprung for the
black I didn't and I like I like my
goobers just like I like my men
why excel blacks in exile so again
getting on it totally forgot about that
and so third and most importantly we
have not forgotten and I shall never
forget by far the most important as you
may now understand as I pull it up what
is this what is it oh I know what it is
immediately I know exactly what this is
quicksand porn yup
when we were having our last
conversation it's the one it really
sticks out as we were talking about all
the weird [ __ ] we find on YouTube
you're like I'm into this thing
quicksand and I was like whoa yeah what
is that
what's so and then well I'm so happy
that kind of we get a chance to redo
this because I got the opportunity to
look it up yeah now we can have a
pleasure I'm watching it together yeah
please let's think I know this one was
only like 30 out there how did you find
quicksand porn I don't think I think I
first heard about it on like a radio Lab
and they were like and they were talking
about quicksand porn and I was like
what's so interesting sure I used to
have a joke about like the premise was I
always thought by this age I would have
been trapped in quicksand a couple times
by now because growing up quick Sam was
like everywhere and now they're just to
put this out there there is a comedian
who has a joke like that I never really
told mine but I told it like but Ian
bagg was the only person ever heard it
Ian bagg hilarious comedian one time
said the best quicksand joke ever he
walked in and my hat was on the floor
and he walked anyone huh quicksand got
him huh is this a great that's pretty
yeah no but quicksand was in everything
I ever smart growing up Abbott Costello
every like every everything was
quicksand was always the damsel in
quicksand oh and I had an obsession with
this is a young man's fetish yeah no no
it's like you got to be like 45 okay I
explained because that was like how did
you come out like how do people come up
with that as you bring across no no no
it's based in like the same [ __ ] that
like there was a TV show called the
boogaloos when I was a kid and like
every episode they tied up the girl
so like that so I remember going to this
I was a dominatrix game for a day on
this old show I had and the conker no no
Herbert I don't hurt Bert and so I was a
dominatrix kept with this lady mistress
Isabella and she did a bunch of stuff to
me and at the end of the day I was like
I was like you know I got a balance with
you not a lot of it I didn't find sexy
at all but there was a couple things
where I found like really high schools
how are you at the time I must have been
like 30 maybe she was like check out
this video and it was all stuff dialed
into my site like the stuff that would
have been enough
formative yeah what was the stuff it was
like superwoman a poor outfit oh one
dude when I first saw Wonder Woman I
remember being a kid and I was like I
was like oh I'm straight like the other
day we were in uh we were in Hot Topic
my daughters were into that kind of like
anime stuff and there was a Wonder Woman
bathing suit right and I was like I was
like honey let's get this for you she
was like it's made for girls like I'm
aboard like a 48 you're a woman I'm
gonna look disgusting I was like you're
what I got let's do yeah but so yeah so
quicksand was like the thing and then I
watched the thing I listening on radar
but then I start going I can't be a real
thing it's gotta be a joke all right
and then I googled it one night and it
was just the it was like a weird like it
stopped I don't know it's just like was
something I was like that's kind of sexy
the point when the girl's boobs get to
the mud reminded me of like every time
the dams will we get to the mud and her
boobs would lift naturally you know as a
kid you be like oh my god just connected
with that though right yeah well okay so
the thing that really threw me off at
this is that like a lot of them the girl
it she like dies tenda day in like the
fetish like she straight up she just
disappears into the Oblivion and they
and they hold that shot for a while
don't worry do I go how long's she been
under yeah like and wait and like legit
like dude I've seen some really weird
ones like with it like these now that I
said it out loud what happens is all
these dudes that make them hit me up nah
I'm gonna check out my quicksand videos
oh you got hit up by those ain't
community oh quit by sinkers they're
called sinkers their anchors yeah
there's like a legit community Wow of
people they're all older gentleman good
thinking these days
yeah maybe today maybe we can change
that maybe we can introduce everyone I
want to keep infused some new blood into
this community it's it's like 20 years
olds going what the [ __ ] oh here we go
I've got a whole I mean I've got oh if
you have the good one oh sure I'll tell
you which ones are good I here
twenty-one minutes of it well here I'm
gonna skip forward sexy girl here she is
this was like oh man I don't know what
I'm uh that that top is troublingly low
for this family-friendly show
let's cut this was good actually this
one is quite graphic so I don't want to
get too she's in a bathing suit for
Christ's sake give me a break right I
mean what are we [ __ ] what is this
the Catholic Church look a bit I'm
trying to not show too much I want to
cut I want to cut to the money shot aka
when she dies wait I don't know is she
perishing this one this [ __ ] is so
bizarre this is so bizarre by the way
this you're like can you sit back I
can't either so so I don't think she
perishes in this one so let's look look
at this in the birds that's Christ is
real so here we go
so this is the one where they perish at
the end and these these are these are
the ones that I cherish here she is it
starts almost like a Thrasher Oh see
this is Rosie's walking through the
woods yeah you get the whole story
yeah are you out of your mind
you had two very good ways to walk
around that so there's one she likes in
this one she's actually like yeah I
think is gonna shoot she's going quick
where she's like I'm dying somebody help
me this is not a joke yeah she's like I
know you're there we go this is gonna
get really sex you know your hair back
there she
I can't see the frickin bar but I want
to find a money shot where she parachute
she's struggling man so here we go
looks a little bit like work Oh get your
dicks out everybody by the way this
isn't the part that turns me off I've
already stopped watching you gotta watch
that her breaking character and be like
Darrell for real funny anymore man
that's what really turns me on when it's
they instruct them to break the wall so
it looks like actually that yeah by the
way it should be noted she didn't even
take a breath now let's see oh yeah okay
what's crazy is that this got me into a
spiral a quick fan and there's a video
online of this I think he's like a
brittle British journalist out where
quicksand is out and like the aisles
like somewhere in the coast I'm real
yeah and he's like he's like alright so
the quick son he is pretty dangerous and
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna I'm gonna
demonstrate how you get in and out of
quicksand I've got all the safety guys
we're gonna be fine so first of all get
in your wig around a little bit alright
and then you go in a little lower while
this is happening quick is having a lot
quicker than I thought alright maybe
getting me out and they spend three
hours trying to get him out of quicks
you he is terrified anyone thinking how
high up does it go I can't I honestly
think it gets to his chest yeah but he
can't breathe and he's like having and
I'm watching this I'm watching it like
you know there's Russian kids that hang
off the side of a building
yeah I'm watching it like that going I'm
going
it's long usually by know he doesn't die
part of me is like holy I started doing
I started doing a solo podcast because
of videos like that where I do too I do
one with like yes like you or love but
the open tabs yeah open on it and I just
do other types of [ __ ] I like of like of
[ __ ] I'm interested in it's always flash
floods but like but like I that kind of
stuff blows my mind like when you find a
video like that you're like oh no I mean
I loved
open tabs by the way because I always
have like a million yeah yeah it's a fun
game that we used to play I used to play
with guys is like you'd go in and just
open your browser like this and go go
ahead ask me what I've been googling
just flip through and be like oh tell me
about Kevin and bean I go oh well beans
a guy that's you know you're not in
studio Oh tell me about Rich Eisen no
tell me about alright but yes so that's
the podcast but I love finding a good
video no III never imagined my and my
whole life that I and I've feel like
I've seen everything so I'm wondering do
you have any other strange bizarre
phenomenons that you're on to YouTube
right now that's really picking your
interest or your penis or though dude
I'm the cool one of the coolest things
I've seen in a while do you ever heard
back door back room casting couch that's
the porn porn ya got I saw one of the
outtakes where the girl says no and it
was so awesome
wait that's not that's the owner that's
not the point of that nothing happens
but it's so awesome are they like why
are you here is it for she just sits
down and he does his spiel this you've
heard the spiel so I'm not the director
myself personally I'm just a casting guy
I send this out to the producers they'll
hire you and they just want to make sure
you can perform a camera that you're
comfortable right okay yeah he's like so
what I'm gonna ask you to do is first
undress and then the best part of that
whole video series is that look on their
face where they're like okay what like
pay me now and he's like good and then
you see him on his heels like that's not
how it works
confident where the whole series is like
does it ever go anywhere no it's so
great you guys I was like more of though
you find that I just I think on YouTube
to put back room casting couch fail or
something fail oh it's on porn how
better not click yeah yeah Tony Robbins
I can watch any video he does because
he's a sociopath Tony Robbins freaks me
out
because on one hand like he I get it
yeah yeah I've heard him he's got like
this magic he's like he is a sociopath
he's got that cult charm
he's a beacon jump he could make you eat
poison apple sauce and catch a [ __ ]
comet behind the moon or whatever he
could do that a hundred percent right
he's got a arey he's got a video of him
showing off his house in Fiji right mmm
and he's showing it to the camera and
it's just like do you ever like the best
way to say this is like do you ever have
a friend who gets genital warts and
every conversation they have all they do
is kind of slide in statistics about how
common genital warts are just like you
know HPV is interesting I am yeah go to
the very end and watch the way he Mike's
going on I can't see it for some reason
I'm I'm not ready but you was covering
the let me try to address this okay what
he's right here - I'll tell you I can
he's basically saying he's got heart
he's a very integral part of this
community that's really his family they
call him big boss but this is what I
call them big boss that's fun but the
best part is he forces everyone to stop
what they're doing come out to the
driveway and sing a song to him and he
stands in the middle as they sing at him
and play the guitar and you look at some
guys like I gotta get back to cutting
trees ok Tony let's do this what just
play a little and you'll see them apples
though he's in great shape
by the way I'm am saying all this and I
understand that he's never sold himself
as anything other than what he is ok
yeah well being hypocritical is I mean
yeah we watched the documentary but and
what it's pretty incredible the thing is
like that there's a documentary on
Netflix about him that was a definite
puff piece but you can't help but aside
the insanity of it so as hard as they
try to make him look like a saint you
can tell how weird it is also oh he's
good right dipping pool outside his
house yeah yeah they've been pull he's
got a little he's got a little
trampoline that he hops on yeah he makes
the girl break up with her boyfriend on
the floor
now I was like dude that's the one I was
what's life gonna be like when she gets
out of here I'm like that Rolla and he
calls back he's like what the [ __ ] was
like sorry we're okay I just got peer
pressure doing it on live TV he's like
he does this [ __ ] where he looks pretty
broken afterwards like what's [ __ ]
that part [ __ ] me up oh that wasn't
cool Tony Robbins do it but it's like he
does this Ted wear a nightgown he's like
you know he's not good for you right
yeah so you're gonna call him right now
while everyone's watching the cameras on
you and tell him you don't love him and
you never and you never loved it yeah
that woman he doubt that for me I go if
I hears biggest problems like I know
self-help gurus like I know them and I
just go what what about the day before
you were so PO you ruined you were
looking for help like him I just know
they're walking paradox and you know
this guy is the most [ __ ] I mean if
this guy he's got a [ __ ] dungeon he's
got theirs
he has like nine different beds around
his house just keeps going this is my
outdoor bed where my beautiful wife and
I la tell me this is where we make love
passionately it doesn't have like
gigantis ism he's got like a he's got
like a disease that makes him like huge
and his voice crazy we couldn't kill him
if he was passed out in a hotel room
with bats okay not much bigger no no he
has gigantis ism I think so he's a
massive man yeah his teeth fit in his
mouth like you don't have like baby
teeth oh is that true think he has a
hormone thing there's something in this
you know he's in great shape he's got to
be on testosterone he's come to ask me
about my family and then I'm gonna reply
the way Tony Ryall and Bert tell me
about your family
Oh
they call me Big Daddy Kane which means
I'm the [ __ ] he laughs like it's like
not his idea but they're like dad he's
like excuse me but he's like keep going
big you mean Big Daddy boss the way he
just laughs said that was so creepy they
call me big bosses I'm the big boss what
am I gonna do pay for everything I mean
