welcome everybody to the h3 podcasts
live thank you to today's sponsors honey
quit trippin and of course subscribers
like you just a reminder that if you
have Amazon Prime you can attach it to
twitch and subscribe for free
yes that's free2go com / I don't know
but you can subscribe for free it's free
money our first live show tickets went
on sale last week 14th
it's sold out in about 15 minutes and I
will say that's really cool and exciting
but there wasn't that many tickets it's
not like we sold out the Rose Bowl or
something but it was pretty exciting so
anyone who got tickets thank you for
that I think it's gonna be I'm super
pumped we may have a special guest that
will blow your mind
we may not though so don't know it's not
a promise but you're ready Mountain
ticket so you're going to get more than
you bargained for joined today by my
good friend and sweetheart who came
donned in garbs his garb derogatory or
is that I mean just means clothing right
as far as I know yeah but I mean at this
point you could pretty much link
anything to some sort of derogatory yeah
yeah garb is racist somehow guys
somebody heard about the marijuana thing
yeah that's a no-go now
he Cox from Smosh is here to co-host
with us today as we journey through
giggles laughs romps and writes through
this top of them I don't know why this
is a new thing I'm doing is pointing at
the camera like that we're touching tips
yeah I'm loving it it's powerful yes you
and ELA before we begin let me first
congratulate you on your new black book
err yes whack book errr the air it's the
pro the wack book bro but thank you and
yeah there's a little bit
a fight happening in our family right
now because Ethan is like anti a Mac
yeah I don't like mackerel product I
don't like the company I don't like the
product I don't like anything about them
and Gila knows that I feel this strongly
buts about it and so she's still going
behind my back this is like a cheating
hmm then I tried to tell him Ethan
please don't kill my vibe it's it's
never a good idea loyalty over
electronics because there's always gonna
be something that surpasses it a year
later like I used to I used to be a big
hater of denim jeans none of that's
electron now how can you hate denim I
don't know like I I didn't wear jeans
for like five years and I don't know why
would you wear corduroy I think I just
was trying to feel special about
something what do you just straight
chords you know yeah card just junior
agro cargo shorts this is right this is
early two-thousands okay it was
acceptable to wear cargo shorts khakis
are good a little it wasn't a good time
for fashion in general yeah the early
2000s you go back there yeah you know
you got you got Britney Spears in and JT
showing up in all denim right you it was
it was a push back on on what you saw it
was my revolt yeah I used to not wear
down and and actually I was funny I made
funny you said well would you wear
corduroy I said that because that's what
I used to wear yeah middle school I
would only wear corduroy pants and now
when I think but I'm not against denim
yeah I don't I'm not put us I've not put
like a stake in the ground sure like I
have with Mac Mac it's overpriced
the company I don't like the way they
run the company ELA gets in today the
first thing she's like oh my god I
forgot my dongle oh I need to sign it to
Apple ID future the future is the future
guess what guys we've got a really
exciting new invention where you have to
care
around the second piece if we want to
use headphones nicer now but now but now
it won't like if you accidentally yank
your cord it'll take your laptop off
with it right because I have an older
back book that has like the magnetic
thing right those I think kind of made
sense yeah it was like the so like the
old Xbox controllers how they had like
the cord the ripper yeah I had like we
would like rip away that's just gonna
take your laptop with it
of course I think that's actually what
Apple wants though especially after they
now that now that they made the iPhones
water-resistant I feel like they
resisted resisted they resisted for a
long time making their phones
water-resistant because they made they
want so much money because of people
dropping their phones and toilets we
could have done this decades ago oh yeah
they're missing out on a lot of money
now that of course now they make their
phones break easier right because now
they're all glass and everything yeah
you breathe on it wrong and they fixed
way so how much did that laptop cost you
EULA I cost me $3,400 damn and hurt yeah
yeah it's my money too by the way
but I so far I only had like this stupid
gaming laptops are pretty I'm not a
gamer but it's like who's really good
for anything you know I was like a razor
not a name-brand
yeah right we but it's like so bulky
it's here right yeah like whenever we
travel like I have back pain afterwards
oh it's awful she said I need a I need a
laptop that feels like air what I'm
carrying it around and apples like got
you fam whack book Eric was born this is
huge because we've always you know it's
passionate so mm-hmm
I let it go well here's what's happening
the stage is set for a tech off h3h3
tech reviews I'm shopping around to find
a PC or Windows machine that closest
resembles the wack book and so I am
looking at one and I'm doing it
specifically by weight right
they had slick it's it's so light right
this thing weighs about four point three
pounds likes water yeah my shredder
that's what a cutie pie that should
always be your metric like how many
shredders and weights yeah so I'm
looking for one shredder wait I want
basically the same way I think I'm gonna
be able to get a larger hard drive more
RAM a faster processor a better video
card for less but the question is you
will see the question is and it's not
even the matter of like processing speed
its usability its they got it I'll say
they've very sleek they're you've got a
slight thing going on this is not an ad
for any company which is coming with a
fart noise Dan seriously good idea
that's what I'm he's like do we have any
[ __ ] [ __ ] sounds I can blast and just
go good morning
AM radio I mean every once in a while
the the fart noise comes in handy yeah
it's not saying you overuse it but when
you can't discount a good fart yeah
anyway so the stage is set I think this
weekend I'm gonna get my own golden boy
PC stands for probably cooler this stage
is set for an epic tech battle until
then let's get enough about max let's
get on with it let's get on to I was
really important headline first story of
the day I think everybody's gonna be
wowed by if you catch my drift let me
open this in Australia they probably the
goofiest country in on the planet Earth
hmm hundreds of people gathered to say
wow like Owen Wilson let that sink in my
friends goofiest country on earth and I
mean that in a great way they're playful
they're fun I love mm-hmm
yep Owen Wilson is a very popular on the
internet for the way pronounces the word
Wow and now he's driving longing for her
that ever really know he has a thing
like in his movie
he always plays the same character and
he goes wow that's not the only word
that he says though he also has other
phrases that he's brought into other
things so he's like that's crazier than
a road lizard right he's literally said
that phrase and it was that's crazier
than a road lizard I don't think that
analogy is very compelling well he's
he's putting in a lot of his movies and
I don't know he does apparently a
disagree with me Owen Wilson saying Wow
so let's just see if this is actually a
meme before we get it definitely is so
here do you think the Wow is ever
actually in the script or that's just
always a tub of talent that's they
assume that when they get when they book
him it comes with a certain amount Wow
yeah yeah when the writing Family Guy
they're like we need you know twenty
jokes per minute mm-hmm so in Ellen's
case they're like we're gonna need ten
miles per scene it's fair that's fair
yeah so anyway let's get let's get back
to it
yada yada yada and these times I think
something as silly is getting together
and saying WOW can have a positive
effect and I'd like to see everyone come
together it could remind people that
this world we are lucky to inhabit is
beautiful and to embrace that like Owen
Wilson does in his movies by saying wow
wait did I read okay let's just watch
the ideal Wow
I like that guys focus on on his
campaign it just goes straight to the
chest and just hangs there
[Applause]
I'm kind of I'm kind of underwhelmed I
thought they were gonna give like a
countdown like three two one Wow but it
was just actually agree I was expecting
I wasn't it's a free for I wasn't
expecting a free for all
yeah y'all kept brought the time to come
together let's at least do it all come
on Australians the other I bet we can
put this together we wanted to we got to
do a different different phrase though
like they did the Wow we got to do
desserts in the robe or whatever
everyone knows home well yeah yeah I've
seen in Shanghai noon here's another
angle in case anybody was need to see
this do you think it's quite an hour
consulted Bibles
he's wild
all right well yeah I mean you know what
we're pretty great it's fun it's silly
it's fun it's playful
it's wow although it doesn't top my
favorite well which will of course
forever be mmm this class I don't have
ever heard the sound I've always just
seen it Wow yeah that's the best Wow
this guy man well Wow yeah I've never
actually heard the voice but it actually
it fit yeah he's great yeah that's a
closet
alright well I thought that was a lot of
fun let's get started waitis you know
open it up see what's out there some
good things you know so this next one
this stuff triggers me a little bit okay
so you guys may have heard of the story
of this hot teacher that [ __ ] her 14
year old student have you seen this
which one yeah it happens a lot I mean
it does seem to happen a lot it happens
from time to time let me roll this
report well let's start here 26 year old
science teachers Stephanie Peterson
walked into her first appearance at the
Volusia County Jail this afternoon
hoping to be released with just a
promise that she would be back to court
Volusia County sheriff's deputies say
Peterson engaged in a sexual
relationship with a 14 year old former
student of hers the teen told deputies
it began last November he said Peterson
would send him nude pictures of herself
she would also pick him up from his
house late at night so that they live
together investigators say the boy's
parents called law enforcement in
January and deputies arrested Peterson
on Wednesday
Peterson was charged with two counts of
lewd and lascivious battery and one
count of sending harmful material to a
minor her bond set at $25,000 and that's
why she wanted to be released on her own
recognizance today but the judge met her
halfway reducing her bond to $12,500 an
amount she posted almost immediately
dangerous winter storms are threatening
so well that's that's that's just
right so she hasn't been charged yet
that's true that's her bail but the
charges were just like lewd conduct or
something not like statutory rape which
is what you would expect to see if the
positions were switched that guy would
be like underground but the part the
thing that really the the reaction to a
story like this is very typical and this
is this the picture that everyone's
sharing here let me show you this is the
one that I see on Facebook and read it
where everyone's like oh man we're with
my teacher like that where's my fight so
she just sent the photos like she didn't
actually and everyone's like oh man
where was that where's that teaching
around the kid right my my counter to
that is is that this kid like people
think like when when when a young girl
has sex with an older guy how damaging
that must be right huh I think that it's
equally damaging for a man except they
just don't know it because society like
here's the comments on reddit everyone's
like that was awesome yeah of course
yeah you know what here's here's real
comments and where the [ __ ] were these
dream makers when I was a kid how damn I
wish I was that guy am I supposed to
pretend that if that woman [ __ ] when I
was 14 I would have been in a goddamn
paradise so as you said HeLa yet a horny
13 year old guy would would put his dick
in anything that moved right because we
talked about it earlier and I'm like
it's her responsibility not to do that
because it's so [ __ ] up when you're
like when I look back at myself at that
age oh my god I probably thought I'm
like an adult man you know yeah and by
now looking back it's like embarrassing
yes how you're not and just I don't know
it's him so he's 14 14 is kind of insane
my niece is 40 yeah but in that
perspective in my head
but the thing is like I think I barely
danced with a girl when I was 14
yeah I think I I almost kissed a girl
and ran away yeah
yeah that's that's I mean it's sketchy
it's sketchy it's it's just gross either
way so the thing is that like I think it
would damage somebody in ways they
wouldn't right like that's how you grow
up as a dude who tattoos on his arm like
big [ __ ]
like that's how you end up like someone
you know a couple of those people but
I'm saying like you will turn into a per
oh I think a worse person if this
happened you
it would [ __ ] with it would hardwire
your brain in a [ __ ] up way that you
it would do something yeah it's not good
it's not good
there was a reason it's not allowed you
know some of these comments this makes
me this makes me absolutely sick lucky
little [ __ ] I know it's a double
standard but when I was 14 and banging
my hottest [ __ ] teacher I'd be stuck I
seriously doubt this kid was damaged in
any way irresponsible and stupid on her
part yes it's not like she held him down
and forced herself on him we don't have
that I don't think that is well well it
doesn't matter I guarantee this kid was
all about it this would be what I
considered a victimless crime buying him
marijuana was she also bought a
marijuana by the way cool yeah so this
is a victimless crime but it's like
would you say the same thing of a 14
year old girl [ __ ] a 30 year old guy
and it's like oh she wanted it there
would be pitchforks yeah there would be
burning there would be burning of the
monster Frankenstein
anyway III always found this double
standard to be quite ludicrous yeah it's
definitely nothing new every time one of
those stories comes out people are like
oh yeah it's like good no it's still a
it's still a 20 was 26
yes 26 year old also in the relationship
of somebody in authority having a sex
with somebody they're supposed to be
taken care of yes is is twisted it's an
abuse of power yeah it's a little scary
yeah I don't know what was going through
either of their minds the kid he can't
he's blameless am i cause like yeah like
I said I put my dick and anything that
moved at that age literally that's
completely under adult
in that situation - in my opinion - all
right what do you think about it dad one
more thing for teachers to worry about
you can't even I can't [ __ ] my teenage
students anymore yeah that's true and I
got a carry gun wait you're telling me
I'm not getting a racist here and I
can't affect my 13 year old students
darn well at least I'll have a gun you
know what I love about this argument
about arming teachers hmm just like two
days ago there was a story of a teacher
barricading themselves and shooting up a
classroom yeah let's give them more guns
the least stressful job in the world
they'll be fine [ __ ] insane it's
gotta be one of the most insane thing
I've heard arming teachers yeah we
talked about it last episode but it's it
really I'm sure the comments love that
discussion I'm sure everyone is really
civil and kind in the comic you know
what I would love to hear if there's
anybody out there who genuinely believes
that we should arm teachers you want to
have a conversation about it Colin are
we ready for Colin Stan we weren't we
are not during the break so if you're
out there and you think oh let's give
teachers guns elementary school teachers
guns Colin let's talk about it I'm all
for arming teachers as long as we get
those smart bullets that avoids the good
guys and just only hits the bad guys
because apparently Apple is working on
that really help you need the log in
mid-air here I phone account so anyway
that's Story number two Wow can we get
that on the sound board please Dan yeah
definitely with a fart directly after it
just this this show is developed in Big
Time - welcome Cheers up next Papa John
severs ties with the N
F Wow and and even worse than that is
that they've been replaced by pizza
mm-hmm do you think Papa John's mention
is that risk Papa John's Pizza mansion
yeah um no I sold enough pies by now man
I I hope I was doing okay better than
the delivery guy I'm sure yeah as long
as he doesn't turn out like the kid that
played Anakin oh yeah oh yeah he was not
happy about being Anakin he got trashed
on him and he was going to school and he
I feel bad got all messed up
he got messed up and then like the kid
who played young Darth Vader and the
original prequels really everybody
trashed on the support kid cuz he was an
awful actor and he was an awful actor
but it's not his fault he's eight year
old right and so when he grew up and
went to school you know you can imagine
the torment that this poor kid went
through that's not the kid was an awful
actor yeah it wasn't it wasn't ruined
ruined Star Wars for me if you look at
the prequels is it really the actors
faults well old Anakin kind of there are
good kid actors and when you're making a
Star Wars prequel with the budget of
like 50 billion you there's a good
there's a good connector out there can
imagine it's also hard to write for
children because most of people that are
writing these are like I don't know 30
40 50 years old right and now they're
trying to write in the mindset of a
child right yeah that is a talent though
that writers do have right there are
writers maybe yeah
I'm just saying they have the resources
there like here's 50 billion dollars we
can find someone who can write the
dialogue of a child and we should be
able to find a child they could do
though you're saying people should blame
the writers not the kids your blame
George Lucas I'd say yeah I'd say blame
the writers more than more than the
actors you can like a good actor can
only act so good yeah with the script
that they're given I think writers don't
give it interesting enough pressingly
