welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
today's episode is sponsored by stitch
Fixman hellofresh & Seek next Wednesday
is our first live show and by live I
mean SuperDuper live it's a live
broadcast from a live show super excited
we are gonna be joined by your boy post
Malone during the word live so I'm super
excited thank you very much if you have
questions for post Malone leave them on
the subreddit there's a thread there
there's also a thread there for Bob
Saget which we're having on a week from
today so if you have questions for post
more on Wednesday or Bob Saget on Friday
please leave them on the subreddit and
but enough about what to be let's talk
about our to come let's talk about what
be now because today's guest is the
extremely talented a researcher video
producer director filmmaker and
all-around great dude and good friend of
ours the illustrious and wonderful
vsauce3 also known as Jake Roper thank
you thank you that was a very nice
introduction let's stop around
all the time tell me about the model 3
you guys everybody who watch the show
knows that I'm like a huge Elon fanboy
there's only been like 2000 model threes
made and somehow you got in early enough
yeah got that thing like right away do
you know how early in the line you were
I don't know I'm not sure I mean I
waited in line did you guys physically
wait in line for the model 3 yeah I
don't even have a reservation
Wow and that's thanks for watching I was
their day of stood in line
what I thought you did it online they
made you ask to actually stay in line
well if you wanted higher priority than
you my interest which was exciting
because you've seen like Apple launches
and things like that the lineup forever
this is for like a car and no one's ever
driven and people were lining up so tell
me about that experience of being there
in line it was really neat how long was
the line it wasn't too long I think it
was probably in line for maybe an hour
an hour and a half but everyone's just
so excited and they had a bunch of tests
loaners came in with like their model
X's Model S's and we're showing them off
to pee
online it was really nice it sounds fun
yeah there's camaraderie between Tesla
boys oh sure I wave
I do the table wave no one ever waves
back sometimes that's story my wife yeah
there's camaraderie between me and
everyone I don't know about if it's
reciprocal yeah so the model 3 yeah good
thing after this we can go sit in it if
you want bro I need to but I love it so
I had a Model S yeah I was very
fortunate I had a Model S I sold that
once I got the model three because the
model 3 was less expensive a little bit
smaller yeah and it just feels like the
future whereas when I first got in the
Model S it's like oh this the future nay
not anymore the model 3 is fantastic
well what's what's not future
what's more future about the model 3 I
mean it's little things like the display
is incredibly fast the whole system is
immediate it's like you can just swipe
around like oh it feels more future than
s feel slow right yeah and the
minimalist design I really love like
minimalist modern design so it's just so
clean beautiful there's still things
that need to be fixed but in my mind the
only things that need to be fixed
our software not really hardware
definitely and I love it I like the fact
that it has more range than what my
previous car did and and it's it's not
significantly smaller but it feels
smaller it's not like a book that I'm
driving down the road right so I'm a big
fan I would highly recommend it I saw
model 3 on the road for the first time I
slowed down I was like man you know um
yeah the Model S is really like a boat
like Ice Cube
I can't even park it because like I
don't know where it starts or begins and
I'm always it's super wide yeah I when
my lease is up I definitely want to get
the three and she put in your
reservation do y it cuz if I still have
the car for another two years
oh then maybe don't put in your
reservation like I'm hoping that I'll be
able to get one by then you will I mean
the well I'm not gonna say you will I
don't know one who knows Elon time is on
a totally different plane of existence
than human being time right so who knows
they were supposed to be making like
five thousand cars every week by this
point yeah not yeah but I would just I
mean here's the thing that's cool about
it I feel like I'm just a spokesman for
Tesla Tesla if you're watching please
just give me a car yeah for free yeah
that'd be nice and everyone here you
Ethan shredder no don't be so right and
your hypothetical but it's a diamond oh
yes
so it's a thousand-dollar reservation
right and then you can get it back if
you decide you don't want the car so I
don't really see what the downside I
think the Malta Theory's a little too
flashy for me too I like that really you
think it's flashier than the other s did
I mean say I meant strike that I meant s
oh that is a little too flashy it is it
makes me feel like I should be more
important than I am it's just like I
feel like a phony when I Drive one of
those cars was just like it's like it
really shows what its gonna because it's
like the normal or it's a normal car
more affordable and it's got all the
cool features like and this would be
reached to really surprised me about it
even though the ones that you can only
get her like the most high-end model
right they started 35,000 the ones you
can get now are basically 50,000 55,000
which is still relatively inexpensive
compared to other cars in its league but
it's still not as cheap as just a normal
car but it's like going in there yeah
but even for a $35,000 car the
differences between the one that I have
in the one that will be the mass-market
version is not that great and just
seemed like wow this is a lot of car for
that much money and the fact that you
charge it like a phone blows my mind
yeah it's amazing
how's the acceleration it's pretty good
no it's not enough it's good enough I
mean my face isn't gonna melt off but
that's okay I come you don't need that
okay yeah this is okay but it's also a
thousand pounds lighter I believe than
the s so it feels really quick a little
more responsive yeah and the turns feel
really tight sometimes I'm trying to
make like a u-turn on the S and I'm like
any other car mm-hm and I it feels like
you're riding a boat like you have so
much space you make a u-turn there's
oncoming traffic and also no making a
three-point turn and a middle of a busy
intersection because I couldn't perform
a simple u-turn this segment of
firstworldproblems is brought to you so
angry
having us such an expensive car I know
it doesn't even turn itself around on a
u-turn
come on Ilan it does Park it so it does
that is actually really nice of shitty
I'm kind of upset with you on
you started here when I got that car
I was promised autopilot and all these
great features you say for full
self-driving yeah no not just autopilot
2.0 which still hasn't been updated
beyond the basic one that you started
with yeah I mean it's on relative parity
I think two ought to put autopilot 1.0
but it will get better I mean we got
Auto wipers guys ry person can already
take me everyone's just like alright
I'll get over it yeah all right
Tesla driving I know you were able to
but I hate just you were able to sell
the Model 3 or s oh yeah it sold like
immediately really really nice what did
you get a good price for it yeah I mean
the thing is I just wanted it to cover
the cost of the model 3 so I didn't
really care you didn't lose out I did
yeah that's but then my insurance
payments are much lower oh yeah cost of
ownership in general is just lower which
is nice for me god bless you know trying
to save money alright thank you for
sharing that experience yep I'll see you
next and next on chapter 2 of Elon Musk
oh did you get a boring company
flamethrower now I'm just like coming
across like some out-of-touch dude who
just spends money on stupid things is
that a yes I did I regret not buying one
you should I think it's sold out it is
sold out so I don't know who knows we
were talking about it I was like when
people get it everybody will know
there's gonna be all these lunatic
youtubers running around with yeah
flamethrowers then there's the whole
talk about is it technically a
flamethrower because the flame needs to
be a certain distance long outside of
like after the nozzle and it's not
really it's like a flamethrower in the
terms of that it's like a weed burner
it's a weed burner we Berta that's been
attached to a retrofitted airsoft gun
but the reason I purchased it one cuz
it's fun but to like I actually really
like the boring company's idea and this
is how they raise capital and like
awareness so if I can be if I have like
500 bucks to spend sure god buzz just
helped a billionaire with another
company yeah that thing could be a
collectible someday I won't be surprised
it's just a fun thing yeah I don't know
I don't know I don't like to probably
reenact
 yeah sorry
well yeah I'm gonna bring everything in
sight um house first that'd be a fun
video I really just want to I want to
turn into Sigourney Weaver's character
from aliens that's my goal oh my god
imagine the cosplay wow did you not put
that on silent I put mine on airplane
mode well I respect you is that then
that's Dan oh my god son of a gun dang
it Dan I that is horrible I hate that
setting right this is why your parents
divorced and this is not approved I
don't know if that's true Danny's
parents divorcing anything he's crying
to it all right you just moved back here
from New York right uh yeah you were
working for beam yes how did ya I mean
how was everything I know many people
heard the news that beam was disbanded
canceled axed kiboshed I don't know why
I'm being more like Ben well how yeah
well I'm just curious how first of all
how are you you you made a big life
change recently yeah I mean I'm fine I
don't ever regret the decisions that I
make generally because it was a learning
experience like did it turn out
successfully for all his purposes no but
I learned a lot from it I like the fact
that I was living both in New York and
LA which is like a very nice thing to do
is kind of fun pretty sweet it was sweet
it's kind of difficult though all the
time because when you're trying to be
creative like focusing all of your
energy on to one thing gets a little bit
diffused when you have something else
that you're supposed to be focusing on
right I'm sure you guys know that just
from all the projects that you work hard
to keep that up but I'm I mean I think
it's fine I like the fact that we could
we were given the opportunity to do what
we wanted to do we didn't really fulfill
that but I have no
real hard feelings or bad feelings like
the only thing I I was a little upset
about was how it was handled because
basically we're gonna tell you and then
hey in two weeks we're like immediately
basically everything's changed
there was no ramp up period - it was
just this immediate turn over all this
so tell me about like how how did you
get the news like how did it happen you
said it happened immediately right yeah
so I woke up to a BuzzFeed article you
didn't know everything was great I had a
notion or - just from my talks with
people that something was up I didn't
think it was going to be as drastic as
what had happened hmm
I mean my mind it was like Casey's gonna
just do his own thing and that's fine
and we're still going to run as we were
for the rest of this year right and find
our own footing that wasn't the case
obviously I found out it was actually so
it was my birthday was the day with
everything was announced so I was like
all these text messages and they were
all were like happy birthday what
happened to being so that I googled it
and there was this BuzzFeed article
because it hadn't been announced to the
company yet how does that have well
Casey's vlog about it he accidentally
made public before it was supposed to
and that then triggered the BuzzFeed
article to come out Wow Wow and then
Casey pulled his video but buzz we
didn't pull their article found out
either through Casey's accidental vlog
or the BuzzFeed article before they were
actually told how did you feel when you
found out so you were reading beam is
being shut down yeah I was like I woke
up did you believe it we like are you
sure cuz I don't know I believed it yeah
I believed it it was it was an
interesting experience because I was
just I was in LA when that happened so I
was just talking to everybody in New
York while they were going like oh we're
going up to find out if we still have
jobs I mean everyone basically
everyone's like offered jobs and if they
decided today it was up to them yeah not
maybes in there
I think only three people on the team
were actually let go outside of myself
Casey and Matt like three full time
members were actually like oh everyone
else out of the other like 25 people
we're still offer auditioning yeah so
they handled I mean they gave people the
opportunity to like hey you can still
grow and build whatever you want to
within CNN if that's what you choose
that's nice but for me didn't really
make sense anymore
yeah were you were you relieved or were
you sad by the news
I'm always sad when you don't get to do
what you want like when you're not in
charge of your own destiny is always
kind of a sad feeling for me but what
did I plan come April when my lease was
up in New York I'd planned to move back
full-time here and just when they needed
me fly in and help with productions or
whatever but really take a back seat
which is always kind of the plan I
wasn't supposed to be part of the news
team forever the idea was like KC and I
helped set the tone for what the news
team is and then after three months we
move on to working on other projects
under the beam banner and we never got
to that point so that was the main thing
we had a lot of ideas for things that we
wanted to create together that we never
got to yeah and that's always sad seeing
ideas die right why do you think that it
didn't work out well I'm also one for
dramatic purposes to to think about what
I'm actually led to say um I mean I
honestly what Casey said in his vlog
about him just kind of disappearing from
the entire team is is a large part of
that and there's two sides of it I think
one people were disappointed because
they were kind of promised that hey
you're gonna be making videos with Casey
and that's a lot of pressure to put on
to one person yeah like hey Casey like
run this whole thing manage everything
yeah it's like okay well I could just do
my own stuff and be more successful at
that right and I can do anything that I
want and not have to rely on other
people and then from that some people
took that as like oh we've been
abandoned and they just shut down others
kind of what were that like I'm gonna
make something myself but obviously
having Casey is like a figureheads a
very important thing to have especially
when you're trying to gain audience for
something and with that not there I just
think that it seemed less of an
incentive to keep it going
Casey wasn't really involved it wasn't
in the videos towards the end of the
rodeo yeah he was just saying I guess
was he just not I mean I don't wanna
like confusion about the identity of
them yeah like he was there to kind of
direct us creatively and he wasn't and
I'm not trying to put the blame on him I
think like I was thinking about this a
lot and even seeing it and experiencing
it I do a similar thing right it's
easier to be like okay I'm just gonna
separate myself from this so if it fails
it's not really my fault like I was
leaving a part of it right and there is
a lot of pressure where you know the
dude
going from making videos by himself
doing anything he wants myself now you
have a team of 10 people they have to be
in charge and CNN's like okay this is
the new vice news now go get it yeah we
didn't really have which I think there
was a lot of just miss communications
where I remember I was actually we could
go last year that I started at Beeman
was just Casey and I and this other guy
and we were just making stuff for like
trying to make things that was really
really fun because was just us creating
things didn't worry about anyone else
yeah and then like a month later where
he's like hey we just hired nine new
people we have to figure out how these
cogs fit into this machine that hadn't
been built yet so we're trying to build
it around the pieces that were inside
where we should have kind of been doing
it the other way so I get it like it was
just a lot of stress and pressure and so
I get it
well it was a cool experience um really
cool videos it was a it's a shame I feel
like because I felt the last video you
guys made about cryptocurrency yeah I
remember and I was like man I felt like
kind of just I don't know I felt like a
little nostalgia already for it being
gone and I really I was like this was so
cool this was a great video and I wanted
I kind of felt like you guys were maybe
just starting to hit your stride a
little bit I think we had honestly in my
mind once the pressure of like Casey
need to be involved was gone everyone
took these kind of breath was like oh we
can just do what we want now we're not
trying to aim for someone else's
guidelines or someone else's vision
we're just gonna do what we want yeah
and I even did that I mean I'm guilty as
well where I kind of took a back seat it
was like I'm just like you guys do this
but then with that crypto mining piece I
was like you know what actually enjoy
this like Jack who was in the video with
me let's just go make this ourselves
mm-hmm and I think if I had done more of
that then maybe things might be
different I don't really know but I
didn't I was never when I was hired I
was never supposed to be on camera right
and that's what really appealed to me
was like I'm gonna be behind care and
help run things right and not have to be
this person who's dictating and
directing and like moving it through it
was a different thing yeah it was a
whole new thing yeah but it's fine I
will our title was director of
production yeah but I learned a lot from
it and I'm happy for that a great
experience yet about anything like I
learned a lot I met a lot of new people
that I really liked and we got to even
make a video together yeah real baby
Dasia so I don't I'm not upset about it
I feel bad for the I mean also I'm very
fortunate I had two jobs I was doing
Vsauce and this at the same time so I
lost one job oh no what am I gonna do
I'll just move back to LA I guess I'm
continuing my other job to be able to
focus on that more do you feel inspired
at all to continue the journalistic
approach now that you've had a taste for
