welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast
live this episode is sponsored by
movement quit wink and elder scrolls
legends a little bit about some nice
sponsor just a reminder we are crushing
it on Spotify which the podcast is now
up on we're number one there so keeps
going there we are also up on soundcloud
now we had a lot of requests to get the
podcast up there so we are on spotify
we're on soundcloud keep that [ __ ] wait
introducing our guest listen he's my
he's frankly my favorite guest on this
podcast I think it's your third time on
she joy to privilege post Malone hello
thanks for coming thanks for coatsy
thanks for having me on again oh yeah
pleasure to have you here so how you I
mean I haven't seen you a little bit
you've been on tour right your fault or
let me get that lighter oh yeah
let's go I haven't been on tour I've
just been traveling the world and it's
drinking slam and cheers by the way
it's all the shows are just shows are
just statues part two mmm I like to
consider it a journey nice so the travel
is free the shows are incidental yeah
this shows the shows just happen you
happen to be in Italy and you're like
huh I'm just there I like that I like
that thought no but I've been yeah I've
been traveling a lot and getting [ __ ]
done and it's tiring but I always think
that touring looks so exhausting it is I
look like [ __ ] now you look at me you're
killing it bro I love that you just the
great thing is that you just embrace
your authentic dude you're who you are
like you just [ __ ] you're killing
just a guy exactly just a guy was
beautiful blue eyes right well then I
guess that means you are more just
I'm really just the guy your eyes look
like hamburgers thank you so much you're
more than just a guy with a couple
hamburgers in his eyes better since then
you've been just a little recap here but
Rockstar number one on Billboard's is
it's still number one right [ __ ] me like
two months now not for long my mom has
been texting me every time it's playing
with my mom to my mom
I could tell your mom's lovely I was
super cool every time I go to a friend's
house they'd always say like your mom
did what a guy no that's not where's
your mom I don't care about you yeah
nice to see you man your mom here uh mom
by the way I'm gonna cigarette since the
last time we hung out but I love our
traditional just why are you trying to
stop no I'm I'm just not a smoker but I
like to get weird and wild you know When
in Rome you don't have like a douche
flute or a mouth for Dora you got a big
one a douche flute it's first of all
okay what would you call the giant babe
I don't know it's got it the Canon has
to be the what's the first trade it's
kind of have more of an alliteration or
rhyming not really cuz mouth fedoras
kind of just I'm have to think on that
yeah it's like a [ __ ] douche pack had
it like a camel back and have it that
thing I don't know if I talked about it
yet was so [ __ ] heavy do we talk
about when we first got out on the
street we had this prop company built it
and then we
out to Hollywood to film and the moment
I put it on I swear to god it's like 80
pounds and the moment I put on I was
like oh my [ __ ] god how am I gonna
make it through this day I saw Dan
coming up the escalator to meet us and
he was like holding it and I was like
what is this guy [ __ ] exaggerating
how heavy this thing is
I put it on I was like I don't know how
I get through this day after five
minutes the strap broke it's just
completely buckled under its weight it
was pretty dramatic day we had to go to
like it was the hottest day yeah you
look great
I feel yeah that's nice that's right I
kept that by the way you should treat
yourself yeah I kept that Queen I'm
waiting I'm hoping honestly I can't wait
for us to go to Vegas I want a gun I'm
gonna wear that now that I have good
shoes yes you always show me up so yeah
I think I think Vegas is like my escape
from the norm because I get to wear fun
stuff I'm gonna buy a matching suit you
guys should if we ever have low be cute
a red-carpet event won't go wearing
matching Gucci track suits is he super
cute you guys are killing it I'm so
happy you're killing it did I tell you
speaking of Vegas did I tell you that
story about when I won like 95 grand
this is a new story I think no okay so I
was in Vegas this isn't like a nice
anecdote I love that no yeah this is a
great nice anecdote from Vegas those are
rare yeah yeah no it's not nice
I beat but it's a great story that's a
nice story but it's not nice because it
just shows the ignorance of me okay so
here's the deal so I go it's like you
know I usually go like 15 grand ready to
go cash ready to play and so I I we were
playing blackjack my mom was there and I
think she was there I don't know if she
was there maybe not
okay so sat down at this blackjack table
right at 14,000
I played it all up and down whatever but
along the way I gave some money to Jason
you know Jason my friend he lives with
me
he's the ER yeah yeah and I gave him a
hundred bucks he lost that hand and then
I gave him another hundred and he
started winning and at that time I was
still playing my like 14 grand right and
so up and down I lost it all I say Jason
give me 100 bucks and then I lose that
exactly I got it I gotta get a return on
my investment and then I lose that I
tell him give me another hundred bucks
and I've that hundred dollar i sat at
the table for 14 hours play had like 50
screwdrivers worked my way up from $100
to 95 thousand dollars so and I said
okay as soon as I get two hundred
thousand I'm walking away gamblers
fallacy I'm walking away at a hundred
thousand ninety-five I was like it was
crazy they had like five thousand dollar
chips I just had a shitload of them
interestingly the more money you have on
the table the less chips it looks like
you yeah yeah yeah yeah there were like
British colors that I started saying at
the British national anthem like LED
lights and yeah so I 95 thousand okay
I'm gonna play til a hundred thousand
went down to five thousand dollars and
then I went all the way back up to
ninety five thousand dollars not how
long did that take 14 hours I didn't get
up I did not move I was just drinking
and every time I would win cuz I was
playing like $10,000 hands and then
doubling the crowd yeah I was big it was
a big time for section oh okay so you
were at High Roller is a scam yeah I
don't like it there act normal I don't
like it there the max bet was like was
10,000 yeah you know what the high
rollers places it's just sad who's like
the press oh it is the person there's
nobody's there there's all these
gambling addicts who come and like lose
their [ __ ] yeah it's crazy it's crazy
but yeah I mean I won that lost the 95
again playing vague and
that's my story but it was it was really
a rush every time I would win like a
hand I would literally take run up and
take a lap around it was the most
intense thing of my life and it was a
lot of sounds like no regrets there yeah
I mean yeah twice
two times two times and I didn't get
that extra five just to get a hundred
and walk away so how did you imagine
walking away with a hundred grand cash
you would have been up on that kiss you
know yeah a lifetime yeah
they would be following you back yeah
they were they they yeah it was they had
like there were security gate like four
security guards they been like knocking
at your door like hello you know we're
so open yeah we gotta come back come on
I do feel walking away were you like oh
I'm sad or were you like that was a fact
it was very but now I look back and I
said hey that's pretty cool anyways it's
a great story a great anecdote great
anecdote thanks for sure that hey you're
welcome
appreciate that dude I'm so sore I feel
like I we started we got a personal
trainers I can't do it looks great
oh thanks Doug he's only done one okay
when is it every day I do it twice a
week I've done it twice I I do it twice
a week it's the thing I've done in one
week but anyway I'm so sore I cannot
even stand up I like this thing of like
where we're gonna get you more muscular
I mean what you're like I can't [ __ ] it
I feel like I'm 19
oh yeah yeah I'm getting serious yeah
yeah after show I need to do like the
like stretches because it might like
these things these groin things right
like the little like tendons right
that's my worst spot because you do a
lot of like kneeling and [ __ ] yeah it's
good exercise it is yeah I mean I'm
surprised I mean I'm so a thick boy yeah
yeah what I mean think what for I never
like I feel old yeah well you're busy
you work a lot I have a living
playing call of duty god mm-hmm you need
to get on it yeah I was talking to you
about that I've never I've never played
caught I never played battlefield or Cod
or any of those console Cod is fun this
one is fun I've been seeing I was
thinking about buying and I saw mixed
reviews almost farmer review [ __ ] well
see the reviews you probably were
reading was like very glitchy right
right a lot of what we're like it's not
worth it by yet oh it is now really yeah
we should play together
yeah geometry wars oh [ __ ] I played like
the first one you have yeah so there's
involved involved
well like okay and the first one it's
just a flat plane and all these crazy
waves right I remember that anyway so
now that it's been evolved and it has a
thing so it's to the three why there's
like freaking trapezoids and pills
you're all and globes is a skewed yes
good yes there's skews there's planes
damn dimension sounds very it's right
really in Ted we had a friend over I
think we must have played it for like 10
hours really yeah really
like Max 20 minute game it's like peggle
so we should play cod or I don't know I
want to play pub G with you but I want
it up so over that game I want it's the
thing that really pisses me off is I
always get killed by some [ __ ] hacker
really every time how do you know
they're hacking because they should be
through three wall I always landed
George Paul and I'll be inside of the
inside of the crate and they'll shoot me
through the crate that's a [ __ ] it's
[ __ ] well there's no Pettit one time
I was playing yeah there's no
penetration know what time I was playing
and I dropped from the sky
and none of the buildings rendered and I
could see through all the walls and I
could walk through walls that's really
good so I so I did you were so let's so
I was it I should have right like I'm
walking through walls I can see everyone
I'm picking everything I'm about the
best gear I'm capping people through
walls and [ __ ] this is just no walls in
the game so there's a dude in the
[ __ ] tree and I'm capping him through
like a ten you know walls and you see
through trees everything nothing existed
I know I couldn't see through trees but
I see him like Oh building you know like
this [ __ ] loser
I lost like two walls and I'm trying to
shoot him and it's a frustrating game I
love the game my frustration comes from
legitimate kills cuz yeah I never know
where I'm being shot from yeah I guess
the answer was hackers the whole time
any time I lose yeah I mean like reasons
why you actually lose is like 1% and
[ __ ] [ __ ] is 99% hackers it's
like a pie chart have you seen that pie
chart
yes it's I live that pie chart right we
should play some though you think you
fun I think God okay I'm Arnie like
third prestige that sounds very
prestigious prestige over look where you
can hang out with all your rich friends
let's do that um I'd love to do that
yeah it's nice it's good even I wouldn't
lead you wrong I want to play I want to
play play let's wrap it up I saw you the
other day you on martha's snoop yeah why
should that I have so many questions
about it because I we mean ela or well I
don't we're thinking a lot about how
shows are made right I'm not gonna say
why
and I'm wondering how people make it
right first my first question is how
long ago was that shot I want to say it
was a long time ago okay
months okay Oh - maybe half a year maybe
mmm Wow maybe five months yeah and so my
next question is when you're there it's
when they like do the audience reaction
it sounds like there's like a whole
stadium of people there there is a lot
of people there is hilarious yeah um
there was a lot of people there would
you say whole stadium yeah but it was
nice because everybody you know did you
get to see the audience yeah yeah yeah
it's nice okay yeah did they cook did
they actually cook their own food and
wait mmm so soup made that fish and it
cooked for you cuz they cut out because
they were like alright snoops gonna make
this fish and put it in the oven and
then oh my god it's done immediately so
you were hanging out that whole time
right well it was more like a uh I'd say
more like a cooking show you know how
like they show you how to make it
already right and then so then they cook
the one that they already made that's
exactly the same as got it yeah so that
was pre pour like pre-prepped I would
say so I don't know yeah okay but it was
they was delightful it was a treat it
was a real treat being on the show yeah
Matt Wendy oh we had that Wendy was
super cool super super sweet
Martha was super sweet she liked my car
though I'm talking about that you give
her a spin make a pass did you stop you
take a pic from psycho you stop short
with my wife oh is that like whenever
that's the mom arm yeah it's a wall in
Seinfeld it's a dad it's like a boom no
no I mean in my life
it's Seinfeld it's like you have a hot
date and then you see a red light and
then you act like you don't see it and
then you slam on the brake to stop short
and you put your hand out okay yeah it's
the same it's the same concept except
without the nod eNOS in short you could
have just stopped short with Martha oh
she was driving oh maybe she could stop
everyone wants a couple e's next I mean
I've got stuff I saw you were in ghost
hunters yeah Ghost Adventures yeah it's
awesome how would that go was it really
spooky it was crazy it was crazy they're
gonna be here we should do like a online
special yeah I love because we went to
that place and it was pretty spooky we
heard that voice
but this that like the things that they
get into is really crazy and they have
all the equipment and stuff like yes
well that guy's the real deal yeah I was
surprised but how's it house a show
called Ghost Adventures Ghost Adventures
it's on History Channel right travel
travel it's the number one show on
droughts on travel and it's on like the
30th the season or some [ __ ] like what
17 now okay I mean how many is there
that many goes well I've been watching
the show since I was 12
Wow
[Music]
is that one of the most surreal yeah
getting to meet Zach and he's such a
good guy and you know he lives in Vegas
so he always gambling have fun and
that's cool and it was super cool used
to ask my mom to stay up late watch
that's the doorman I get to go on it the
most surreal like the celebrity cuz now
you've met so many cool people
what are were the some of the most
surreal like celebrity encounters you've
had where you're like I cannot believe
I'm hanging out with this guy
just a lot of stuff from my childhood
you know what I mean like I got to hang
out with the guys from a band called
Escape the Fate I used to listen to all
the time and high school and stuff and
meeting them was super sick I'm like
Chris drew from nevershoutnever I don't
know if y'all know them but I used to
listen to him all the time and I just
like started talking to him like hitting
him up and you know he said hi and also
one time i DM the guy from Fleet Foxes
Robin Peck mode and that's my favorite
band of all time and he responded back
so just virtual winter dance I think the
most real experience you know getting a
little DM back is meaningful yes it is
the most surreal one I've had probably
is with Steve oh yeah like having
steve-o because before we shot that
video with him he came over to our house
and we were in our living room like
shooting the [ __ ] about YouTube
pranksters and stuff right and I was it
was just so [ __ ] sir cuz I grew up
watching Jack like we all did right
mm-hmm Steve owes a legend one he's
sitting in my living room when we're
talking [ __ ] about like Fatali making
fun of this guy and I was just like so
outside myself being like this is so
weird
hanging out with Steve right yeah it's
like you don't even know yet to stop and
say [ __ ] yeah I don't want to be weird
but it's just like what even is my life
right now man
alright so it keeps hitting me up - oh
so we need to do this video quick our
fans are always asking about it the rock
star has been number one for a minute
some apple meat yeah yeah if not on
Apple in my heart alright so I got so
much stuff that I want to get to today
we have so many videos and stories and
scoops to watch we're gonna have so much
fun here today
let's go and do that ad break and then
get into well let me let's start with
this first story cuz I start with this
first one
you remember Patrice Wilson yeah okay
then where this one the weirdest one
this [ __ ] creeped me out it's gotta be
[ __ ] pretty weird I think you and
everyone watching is gonna be shot okay
yeah don't stand I need a cigarette
I'm not overselling this you guys I
swear to God okay yeah let's go I needed
[ __ ] need to settle my nerves so
Patrice Wilson for those of you who
don't know he makes like he made Friday
he made Friday he made all these videos
with this little blonde girl Allison
gold very pet Oh weird creepy vibes and
all them we made a lot of videos making
fun of him a long time ago so recently
just a couple of days ago he erased all
the videos on his channel and he all he
has now is a live stream a live one live
stream with a countdown I'm gonna I'm
gonna pull it up right now hang out one
sex but hold on it gets weird or not
it's kind of dad that's the question
here Patrice Willis I don't know why I
don't have this link you don't have the
link this is so inappropriate with me oh
yeah here it is
oh he changed the [ __ ] yeah here it is
okay alright so here is he erased all of
his videos he changed the logo of his
channel to the shadowy creepy icon okay
it's him in a hood and look at the title
it's counting down until December 1st
that's turned in 19 hours and look at
this cryptic [ __ ] it just says it's like
a bunch of gibberish and then at the end
it says
h3h3 what do you think the weirdest part
is like this shadowy icon he looks like
player unknown like how do I get a
better look at that yeah he's a ring
Wraith and I don't know what this is he
like blocked out the eyes that's a video
