[Music]
welcome everybody to the h3 soundboard
experience got a lot of complaints about
the soundboard and I hear you most
definitely
welcome to the soundboard experience
today is we return with the wonderful
great excellent and most beloved
videogame dunkey and Lea who are
currently facing the wall I feel like
I'm in the Blair Witch Project thank you
guys we are on this side okay welcome
everybody thank you guys it's very much
I like that you guys you don't want to
distract me you don't want to make it
weird to the wall it's very appreciative
love that today's episode before I
forget is sponsored by you to meet honey
and quip welcome back ela by the way so
thankful to have you back I've been in
the trenches taking grenades how many
offices do they do without you
I think god I was gonna monitor oh good
to have you back crazy
you didn't get into trouble well leah
was just telling me in the last episode
as many of you did well it's okay no I
got to confront my you know my
shortcomings that I overplayed the
Roseanne's now I didn't see any of that
what you know I have one too and I'm
gonna be using you know hit me with the
cricket I've got great news guys we're
gonna be playing another round today of
know you're me
that's right you know your meme
featuring the one and only videogames
dunkey sitting across from me today so
to play call in to 808 hot mean that is
our real number 808 hot meme for a
chance to win a new samsung galaxy s 9
plus all right are you guys doing
[Music]
thinking about hitting you with rose am
but i'm not gonna ride that button so
what what brings you guys out to LA well
basically our house is it a it's just to
get out kind of just get out stretch
your legs take a trip nice see something
besides Wisconsin mm-hmm
like the three blocks around like what
are you what goes on in Wisconsin well
we play tennis yeah you do terribly not
worry about us no we don't keep score
getting out there and how frequently do
you guys play tennis you know if we're
doing really good we'll go every week
but you know might make some break weeks
charge yeah but the worse you are at
tennis the more exercise you want them
getting we're really yeah you guys would
like being out here in LA I will say by
the way the blue bird that you guys took
that we called for you they take two
hours of which I'm very grateful and
sorry for yeah you know a relaxing uh
journey stopping and starting you don't
have traffic in Wisconsin right you do
but I don't know
you I don't know it's not you have like
people on motorcycles over here going
through like the blinds
yeah Wisconsin like you have like an old
grandma like driving on the wrong side
of a comeback yeah
Ellie's driving nuts though the
motorcycle between the car is always
struck me as very oddly reckless
behavior it is but I think when you're
on the motorcycle you feel like you know
better than everyone I'm on a [ __ ]
motorcycle grandma I don't know they
scare me
because like all the sudden their
recklessness becomes my problem because
well I'm in traffic I'm not paying that
close attention to like what's in
between me and the next bar yeah all the
Sun I'm switching lanes yeah we have a
word for them she call some ancient
aliens what the motorcycle it's anyone
who's like you know they're driving the
wrong way down the road or they're like
just stopped it's ancient aliens the
crossing between old people that just
can't see and college kids that are just
dumb as hell that's just a mishmash
yeah irony you know that guy from H an
alien the crazy aliens that's who's
driving oh yeah exactly
well clearly they're like not in this
world right now they're like just it's
like what do you do you guys ever been
in a car crash ah I have not been
ancient alien she's written a lot of
accidents maybe she is after it
seriously never her fault but she's
always gentlemen what was it like what
am i ah one with this some lady just
went through a red light
oh that was probably the worst one was
it pretty serious yeah I was pretty
scared were you injured no we're fine
what did the car hit your side yeah
damn our car didn't get killed though
their their car did what part what car
were you in what car with aunt do you
remember how old are you hmm 17 or 16
you're survivor that's pretty scary
getting Johnny boned at a red light
because here it was you know the back
okay
you spun out maybe probably I can't
remember you blocking it out of your
memory suit just once
I kind of like I was someone was parked
like in the middle of the street I was
gonna go and then all of a sudden they
started to do parked in Miller Street
yeah like he was waiting for something
waiting for you so he could hate me but
it wasn't nothing serious it's all good
I mean that's it my dad really someone
was my dad is an ancient alien he's a he
is a liability have we told this story
about how in Mexico like probably my dad
is a psycho don't ever get in a car was
there you have like one star you were
driving around all day and nobody would
ever get like I don't know what happened
we were getting off an off-ramp and I
was I think in the back seat and he just
rear-ended a car just ran did somebody
like you do but there was that one time
in Mexico
he's got like a SUV and they used to
live in Mexico
and he's driving on the freeway in
Mexico like way over the speed limit so
fast that we're taking a sharp turn and
you can feel the tires are lifting
oh my god I said you could feel it being
like right my mom's in the car I'm in
the car he lives in the credits and
first time you guys in there right
sort of so imagine to impress er imagine
that imagine that this is you how you're
behaving around your son first time
you're meeting is serious and we're all
yelling my mom's going crazy we're all
yelling Gary and ela it doesn't even
know my dad I mean while my dad is so
crazy it's there silently doesn't even
acknowledge it continues to rip these
turns
it's weird I knew it was scary and my
dad he's he's on the road he what do you
see I don't know if you guys know about
like college rivalries yeah he went to
UCLA University of California they're
rivals in LA is USC they're like huge
sports rivals so his license plate said
hates SC and still I think maybe Tuesday
so when he sees some on the road with
the USC license plate like holder
license cut them off and I swear to you
with [ __ ] chill J in the car and both
family he will cut off another person on
the boat with his as if they were as if
they were not the Orphic sickness that's
scary scary sweet guy though anyway what
are your parents like your parents have
any crazy quarks like a teacher that's
crazy
[Laughter]
no she's a she I guess she has an excuse
because she's a teacher that is I mean
if you're a teacher for like four
five years you're like your mental
patient just keep going it's just like
worse than worse
what grade this you teach ah thanks for
stealing second or third oh wow let's
stop she used to teach middle school or
high school think high school and middle
school middle school was way worse she's
scary to me high school high school is
really bad middle school is really bad
yeah not the greatest which one's the
craziest middle school or second grade
think high school and middle school yeah
let's think in the fights yeah you're
like middle schools got to be the work
is dangerous right dangerous mines
what's that actress his name in
Dangerous Minds
you know that movie right she was like
this like pretty young blond teacher
who's teaching in like the hood that the
poetry one there could have been poetry
mmm Michelle Pfeiffer oh I didn't know
that it's called dangerous hell yeah
baby I love that movie throw that up let
me show you what your mom is up to her
Dangerous Minds gotta remember watching
this says it couldn't be in like damn
she's so cool oh she connects with
trench Oh can't really wear trench
coasters at school anymore so it's just
like real life
yeah it's like a mess constant right in
the chalkboard we want to die oh [ __ ]
it's Christ out we choose to die oh I
get it straight buster your mom do any
lessons like that think so but I think I
think middle school is the worst because
they're like in middle school you're
such a piece of [ __ ]
mm-hmm in high school you're starting to
learn a little bit that's true that
you're an idiot
yeah yeah you're still an idiot though
yeah full blown button it'll fall right
yeah Jason's mom looks just like him
well he looks like his mom it's cute
yeah they have the same like mouth and
nose kind of so I've got I'm trying this
new thing when we start our podcast
we're doing this thing called goof of
the day I've got some clips lined up and
I want to watch with you guys okay the
first one is DJ Khaled at performing at
an overwatch league it's great what I
love about this is that he's perfect
like DJ Kyle's not a performer right
like the tight man so imagine like
Flavor Flav without a band or anyone to
back them up with actual musical palette
it's just on a stage yeah it's crazy
here we go by the way you know they
frame this up so like there's like ten
people actually waving their arms well
the rest of the room is just like not
interested at all damn it's like Justin
Bieber is not there singing yeah DJ
count which is the worst part of every
music video
[Applause]
[Music]
it's like are you serious right now
that's a good question oh it's the phone
light no but you people are holding
their phones up there making it look
like they're holding their phones up no
way people have their phones out boys a
wristband it's probably like an event
wristband got it yeah it's there as well
going it looks confused you need to bet
you can't do DJ Khaled without the rest
of the band you know I mean like dj
khaled shouting another one is it
another where these have plants by the
way these guys were paid to dance dude
you're not even saying it damn
that's happening at this point may
really get your own concert but like
concert you you think that this could go
on for two hours straight having the
courage to yeah like a blizzard hired
them probably pay I mean I don't think
you can I was at all the performances
blizzard that was probably the number
one the most but you I mean speaking of
hip-hop you are kind of a hip-hop
musical performer now yeah your new
video came out chicken or chicken wings
right no I mean people are loving
chicken wings I love it let me play yeah
I was loving that by the way I'm curious
let me just play it for reference did
you make this beat yeah I mean are you
serious waiting for months row that beat
is is so insane Oh what is it that's
just
[Applause]
it's kind of subtle oh yeah
damn you can just rip his beat like that
and put some chicken wings okay I said I
could that's what it's in the
description the video pulling up okay
you'll see it's legit search thank you
rapping Gambini first day that I can
make this thought can you imagine
getting sued for this please well your
let me give you a sample of this in same
Ben same rapping I love the backup
vocals you offer that you're exhaling
you're obviously a poppy fan right is
your favorite genre of music
what else do you like R&B
yeah [ __ ] you are black I think you
totally correct
you and Callie I mean you should
elaborate I love that this is my credit
card dope so good you like shakes new
album oh you [ __ ] with Drake I don't
listen to family like two albums in the
whole year
really so you don't listen that much
music mm-hmm last time you told me if I
wrote one season two is real into really
what are you really into right now
Stevie Wonder what else
just just Stevie Michael Jackson yeah
he's gonna try to go see some guy oh
yeah then one guy come I see Washington
you hear him
a saxophone player can you find a clip
of that Dan Aryan I want to hear it
right now
come on see one I love Stevie but like
have you how long have you been
listening to Stevie or did you just kind
of get into it so you you've been riding
the Stevie and Michael train for a long
time do you share his musical tastes
well yeah because he controls the CDs
musical taste if you had control in the
CDs what would you play I have one CD
versus sweat six yeah I don't know I
tend to just listen to like whenever it
comes on like the student radio or like
something like kind of different like
all the time so I mean if I had to say
all-time favorites actually I really
like Lana Del Rey which is like I know
she one of the ones that she one of the
ones that died or something she's like
yeah that's kind of the only like pop
like dang listened to I listened to a
lot of like 90s music I guess yes
there's the radio station that his bird
noises what's it called they're talking
about like Oh cats are the leading
killers of birds cats are the leading
there's a lot of bird watchers I've
heard that that like nice trip like cats
are actually decimating what do you know
if bird radio gets affected
here's this here's this music that they
dunk use interior let's see what we got
if you write any really really bad
blocks don't kind of a block on there is
that Internet Explorer you just you in
you out you open it with me
Internet Explorer looks like well it's
it's set to default like break I'm using
discord and I click a link when what
world would I want to open anything
Internet Explorer you see it's a total
disaster you know our sponsors pay us a
lot of money to get their ads on our
show and here they didn't pay me [ __ ]
don't download that you're seeing this
guy in concert this is your guy what's
his name
I'm Ashley Washington what's going on
with him he looks very like bohemian
he's cool as hell actually I danced it
man I interviewed him shot an interview
with him
was the was it an interesting interview
yeah yeah it was just talking about his
musical background and everything is you
know it comes from like the jazz world
but he kind of crossed over with all of
the brain feeder you know and Flying
Lotus and those people yeah yeah no he's
cool as [ __ ] do you say like Thundercat
yeah yeah yeah wonder cat and all those
guys sick you're all about you like that
soul like that soul music did you hate
Jews do you hate this I'll take the
trumpet for me
I got another video lined up another
goof of the day because I couldn't
decide between DJ Khaled and all of the
Mexican workers going on strike
and this guy filming it and losing his
mind about it okay good stuff lined up
guys
only the best video a Mexican together
[ __ ] so let me know anything about who
filmed so the story is that they're on
some kind of smelting plant and two of
the dudes I guess their boss supervisors
are calm yeah
comrades was their colleagues got fired
or sent home for some reason so they all
packed up and said [ __ ] this you know
salt solidarity so this guy who's
working with it I guess there's a bunch
of Mexicans and a couple black dudes so
this is one of the black dudes who's in
awe of the Mexican camaraderie and
spirit back they say don't be shut this
[ __ ] down playing with this
black people need to be own man I swear
I gotta learn
take the sim and look at this man by the
way god bless him
I mean jokes aside for documenting this
I'm with him dude that's cool it's
probably gonna get married
oh yeah he's fired oh yeah he'll never
work again I love it dude I'm with them
I'm in solidarity yeah so we need why
the hell do you think apples worth a
trillion dollars no unions they don't
have unions in China I don't think what
do you guys think about Apple being
worth a trillion [ __ ] dollars why are
you an apple man no iPhone though your
aunt your [ __ ] your foots in the
water you like Apple we don't really
have an opinion on it I guess well it's
very and we would have to look I don't
want to take any you know radical I
[ __ ] hate I'm using it very sparingly
waiting for the right going it yeah you
can you can use that just sucks that I
understand like I've all come you can
keep it of all companies in the world
how is it that Apple was the one that
got a trillion I mean what are they
doing that just yeah they're the most
money the most valued company of all
time the first company ever to be worth
the trillion dollars I mean there they
sell [ __ ] harkening
[Music]
many [ __ ] iPhones are they selling I
get it though cause everyone's obsessed
with the iPhone all over the world right
and their computers too
so it's like yeah I get it it's
expensive too like how the hope people
afford that [ __ ] but that means to me
that like their margins are insane
that they probably are exploiting hell
of people for those margins to be so
insane you know what I'm saying like for
someone to make a million dollars is
hard enough you have to like step on a
couple throats along the way they make
forget about it billion a billion
there's a couple hookers in your pool
under your pool whatever yeah there's
definitely something at least several
hundred immoral things happening yeah
Sachs is not being Oh Apple is notorious
but it's not just them and so every big
I was watching CNN they're doing this
whole clip about like God I just outed
myself for watching CNN so anyway
they're doing this whole thing about
like celebrating that Apple made a
trillion dollars and it's like yeah
they're doing this whole thing about
they were talking about in a very like
glorious way it wasn't like they were
doing party poppers and [ __ ] yeah
counter on the wall but like I don't
know what's the exact figure but they
have evaded so much money
tanks axes yeah like how many a trillion
dollars how many shiny like I mean do it
that's just Chinese lots of Chinese
people going down for those phones I
don't know what to say man lots of
Chinese people are going down for those
phones but it's okay
because they're Chinese you are
educating us we're newcomers to the
trillion dollar industry what crickets
that's all I need to wind us down here
on the sound button I'm curious you guys
ever worked like a normal office job
like yeah you guys did what did you do
before you were the sweetheart of
