come one and all thank you for joining
us today on the h3 podcast live look
who's back in the studio your girl
today's episode is sponsored by Dollar
Shave Club quip and honey I gotta say we
have been slamming all day we're a
little bit late only four minutes but I
was thinking I was like man we used to
be like an hour late and we also didn't
even prepare like we've been here since
8:00 a.m. I like I say I'm proud of all
the guys back there
we've been slamming and jam I know we've
had all kinds of weird beginnings before
on YouTube how do we stick it how did we
do yeah we've been really trying sir
YouTube's a different game man you get
it right you get one shot so Dan how'd
we do well it felt good out here I don't
hear you and the wood everything said
shits hit in the Flint okay there yeah
we're all good I will have to go back
and check it felt pretty good though
timing felt good on y'all good we will
have to all right what's today's show
we've got a slammin hot one you guys let
me tell you what's coming up in the
intern whose birthday it is today
congratulations to him has put together
a PowerPoint presentation for us on the
Drake verse push a tee drama there's
been some real ugly back-and-forth
between the two of those freestyle
battle that's reminiscent of the good
old 90s when rappers would just were
straight-up killing each other so let's
hope that it doesn't escalate there but
the fireworks are setting off and Ian is
really he's the keeper of culture and
knowledge and he's gonna come in he's
gonna tell us really what's going on
because break down the lyrics hopefully
as well what makes him the keeper of
culture well he's a young man and he's
basically he's weirdly obsessed with
Kanye and sometimes he he concerns me
he concerns me to some degree for
example yesterday he's on the freeway he
pops a flat tire he rolls over to the
side of the 101 freeway probably one of
the most dangerous places to be in the
world there's there's there's side of
the 101 and running the bolts number two
he pulls over and he's like I know I
should call triple-a to come change my
tire but I'm I have to watch this Kanye
stream because he was streaming his new
album
so he's sitting there watching this
Kanye livestream cuz he's so into it
while cars zip past him on the
one-on-one yeah so he's he's he's in
deep that would get you qualified for
the keeper of culture yeah he's the
keeper of culture like an important
detail here's to ya the livestream for
about two hours was just a open field
with horses so that that's what kept him
on the side you know are you on the mic
yeah yeah so tell me when you were on
the side of the 101 we did anything
danger did you ever feel that you were
in danger at that point it didn't really
matter because the stream was up right
there and and and as nothing happened in
the stream did you find yourself more
more frustrated and confronted with the
you know actuality that you were gonna
have to call triple-a and possibly miss
something once that started to come into
play I did get a little worried but my
battery looked good so I was okay what I
tell you is this guy qualified or won so
he's coming in he's gonna let us know
what's going on up after that we've got
Kyle the cougar champ and Skippy the
virgin we got these two great minds on
the phone together these two guys are
the founding members of our great minds
league the league of extraordinary minds
and we got him on the phone together to
see how they interact cuz I thought hey
you know Kyle he's a cougar champ he's
seen the ropes he's been there he's done
this maybe he can give Skippy some
advice yeah well yeah fireworks flew I
have to say I did not expect what
happened because they ended up actually
getting in a bit of a fight yeah Skippy
got super angry at Kyle so that was that
was really something so we're actually
recorded that this morning because I
always have all these technical
difficulties when I have calls and I
wanted to make sure when you have two
beautiful minds like this you want to
make sure that everyone every word is
hurt right it's that important so I
cannot wait to share that with you guys
and finally we've got a new segment
called Ethan go to your room where I
face the music I've said look when
you're on a podcast you say a lot of
dumb [ __ ]
that's kind of the nature of the beast
I'm sitting here with an open mic for
two hours okay so I've said a lot of
dumb [ __ ] here and a lot of the stuff
that we should I
I'm not even throw you I should correct
the record okay so Ethan go I just don't
say anything so which is I wish I had
that option not much to correct yeah
you're smart so that's coming up and not
only that we've got voice messages and
news and so much more to get to my guys
so what that being said let's get right
to flip into it now today we were
supposed to have Tommy Weis oh and Greg
Sestero on but once again
Tommy Wiseau is probably the most
challenging guest ever to book of all
time I didn't want to say anything the
first time because I was trying to keep
a professional you know but he literally
we had him booked and that the it was
the morning of or the evening of I was
like I had a bad feeling I was like I
get the feeling Tommy's not coming and
you know in that week I prepared so much
for him I was like I was knee-deep and
all this Tommy wise oh listen you can
only watch so much Tommy wise oh and I
had watched a lot of Tommy wise oh
that's me yeah so that morning I was
like Danny I got a feeling man I don't
know can you just reach out to them and
make sure they're coming so Dan reaches
out them in the morning up and they're
like oh yes sorry Tommy is really busy
he's not gonna make it so I was gonna be
polite and be like a scheduling issues
but this time it happened again I'm not
exactly this time right it kind of
happened again and this time was a
little stranger but they're I don't know
you couldn't make it in well the only
time they could make it was right when I
was coming off the plane basically but
we call it and we emailed and everything
he's got this receptionist at a
yahoo.com email that apparently says
receptionist but I have a feeling it's
just him was that your impression damn
that we were just talking about yeah
yeah we were skeptical right from the
get-go
it the the at Yahoo just seemed suspect
from the beginning I don't
so where we'll get him in here
eventually but so anyway he's really uh
he's we all considering doing it but it
was so tight with my flight that I don't
think it would have worked
no it wouldn't work yeah anyway god
bless tom thank you thank you I wish you
were here to it so we could expand on it
but hopefully soon looking guy dougie
yeah we can get them in here and get the
true real story of Tom and wise Oh
Eva how was your trip you just got back
on Tuesday mm-hmm it's weird every time
I go back I guess I get more used to the
states the longer I'm here you know
every time I go back it gets weirder and
weirder for me right Mike oh you realize
how loud everyone is oh yeah I think
everyone is yelling all the time I don't
want their Israeli stereotypes or real
like the stereotype is that they're
these bald shouting Hermes rocky you
know everyone's doing this you go there
yeah it's real it's real man I remember
the last time we were there this is such
an Israeli experience we took a taxi
I'm Tel Aviv de les parents house why
don't you tell me where you were
speaking Hebrew with him I was I was
like I need to go to this address my
parents house and it's like it's near a
famous Junction so I was like near this
Junction but I'll tell you how to get
there when we get there because no one
knows the exact address right
they don't really put ways not all do
not all the drivers it's like old school
her old school you also can't pay with
card um which is like I got used to it
here they beat their kids in Israel
their old school they don't do that
subdue sound but so anyway we get to
that Junction and then he's like he's
about to continue straight when you need
to make a left and I'm like you gotta go
left here and he he just refused he's
like no I'm going straight here this is
not what you told me
just make a left it's like we're two
minutes away and you wouldn't do it and
then we just I don't I don't even
remember any system we we had that it
was on the meter which what I didn't
understand right you're paying him we
weren't not trying to scam him he picked
this out basically on the side of the
freeway
it was a super it's busy junction we
basically got kicked out because it's
got refused to drive another five
minutes dealers house and then and then
it was like putting on the you know the
receipt like here's what I'm what I'm
gonna charge you you know when they like
close it and prints the receipt and I
was like I'm not paying you you're not
thinking me what I need to go yeah yeah
that was being Israeli you guys seen it
she's shouting in Hebrew he's shouting
in Hebrew is all this going on can you
shout at Hebrew say stood me favorite
say I'm not I'm not [ __ ] paying you
say that in Hebrew I don't I don't curse
in here I'm not paying you say that in
Hebrew and you'll always showdown at
likhaan that's good but too happy yeah
we got off at the junction and then I
had to call my dad and he came and pick
this out yeah but that's that's just one
little thing that would happen to you
that's typical yeah that's Israel but
one thing that did happen that is worth
talking about is that elos brand-new
wack book air I don't think you're gonna
correct me now that you drop $3,400 on
stopped working it it wouldn't charge
yeah I don't know why I plugged it in
left for the whole day I was like I'm
gonna come back here to be fully charged
and then it was dead I just found the
total area you know I'm sorry when you
sped a converter yeah I I don't know
what happened it was supposed to work
yeah I know and you spent $3,400 it's
gotta work it's only been like a month
yeah I gotta say that my razor laptop
that costs $1,000 less has been kicking
butt yeah cuz once I you can take it to
Israel so what there's just something in
the air there get yelled at by too many
Israelis
stops working but the razor laptop is
really slammin I got to say 2000-3000
I've been loving I set this up at my TV
in our bedroom
I plug in a wireless keyboard a mouse
and I game PC games on my TV with this
baby and it crushes I don't know what to
tell you
I well I need to go through the whack
folks tour yeah too good
I'm this is not my charger right now
still don't have a charger but actually
I think we have a whoa we have a call in
from somebody from Apple you're calling
in right now that the more they actually
wanted to talk to you about what
happened to your computer ill oh okay
oh hello yes hello hey is this someone
from Apple this is Apple yes how are you
I'm fine we've just have been having
this issue with ILA's laptop and it just
doesn't seem right that that you know
this piece would break for three four
hundred dollars oh I'm sorry that you
don't know how to use it I'm sure I can
assist you with that did you take it
anywhere did you take it somewhere
yellow yes I took it to Israel
okay Israel did any Israelis yell around
it no are you sure because this I mean
it's Israel Who am I speaking to
oh this is Ringo Ringo why does it sound
like you're in heaven what is this
angelic music I'm at the Genius Bar
oh the Genius Bar okay okay this is just
how it sounds so what do we do how do we
fix this well first of all you're gonna
have to become certified to use an Apple
charger we offer a program though would
you like to get signed up for it it's a
how do I fix it I just want to fix this
piece what you you want to fix it we
don't fix things at Apple okay all right
all right I hang up on this on this
kalam that was Apple apparently called
into the show and go well unbelievable
did they just pile it in like that
little shocking is that your personal
number yeah I just I'm dialed in you
know we're on tight
all right we've got I saw this video
this is so good
Ryan Seacrest Ryan Seacrest he seems
like such a wholesome guy right yeah
he's not well right I don't know if we
can well well here's here's the clip and
this is just so good I actually thought
he was gay I almost didn't even have a
doubt about it
but on what is the show American Idol or
what was it well sooner they show top
one of these talent shows whatever
they're all the same I don't know how
they [ __ ] up this bed he doesn't know
that they came back and he's flirting
with Katy Perry like in a really creepy
way and it just blows my mind that a
show this big could blunder like they
didn't know they were bad well just go
ahead and play it then I think we're
back I've seen I've seen people saying
you know they thought maybe it was a bit
but there's a moment when he looked
crazy I doesn't he's right and you're
like that's real he says to her he says
your mom's hot yeah and then he and then
he says you're not a mom yet do you want
to talk about it it's weird but it's so
beautiful that this was captured why
Ryan Seacrest create like bro this is
not the time or place even like if is
this a me to a moment is this a subtle
me to a moment to have the balls to
creep on her that blatantly here right
where there are locations about him to
me to stuff I think there was something
about a hairdresser I don't remember
what the allegations were but yeah you
want to talk about it I love that are
you mom let's talk about it hey hey I am
I'm gonna see you to see that again Dan
there you go
rod the mom's pretty is this the
conversations that take place off I
[Laughter]
think we're back yes that is so weird
like you know this is like I'm the
biggest production in the world makes me
feel a bit a bit better about what we're
doing here you want to talk about it
it's so awkward so so saddling me to a
moment well I have to say a very subtle
one I have to I kind of agree because I
have to say to have the balls to talk
like that - not only anyone but Katy
Perry like the biggest most famous
powerful woman in Hollywood but also of
other dudes it's hey you want to talk
about it
damn what happened his face his face
looks kind of looks like there were you
were right his there's a what do we got
stylists that has accused television
host of multiple instance of sexual
harassment abuse over seven years as she
worked for him well if you worked for
him for seven years it's almost kind of
hard to be like take those very
seriously I had I was so miserable for
seven years my off the mark you quit
right after seven [ __ ] years of being
sexually her
maybe a year maybe two years seven
that's high school and college it's hard
to do better as a stylist than ryan
seacrest though right i mean that's
that's a hard gig to walk away from it's
probably good money well I don't know
what she accused him off what do we got
here just making comments like that you
want to talk about it yeah hey look what
you do with my hair see you're not a mom
yet you want to talk about it what can I
do
can I help you become a mom see it says
right secrets groped her vagina rubbed
his erect penis against her while clad
only in his underwear and slapped her
buttocks so hard that it left a large
welt still visible hours later I'd say
after seeing that I believe it oh my god
I believe it after I saw that that was
like a really creepy weird thing you
want to talk about it your mom's hot
your mom's hot can I rub my boner on you
you want to talk about making a baby
kind of interesting but but if I'm Ryan
Seacrest
I wouldn't even like you know that it's
a hard cut back to live television
I wouldn't even [ __ ] blink if you're
gonna be creepy weirdo who would like
you know after the show yeah I wonder if
she's so like protected that he almost
doesn't even have access to her he's
like [ __ ] this is my only tonight to
make a pass on Katy Perry in between uh
in the commercials yeah also it takes a
lot of I mean I know you're Ryan
Seacrest and you're you're kind of a big
deal but come on dawg you're not you're
not Katy Perry material right no I I
don't think he has a chance with her
he's got a [ __ ] chance but maybe just
you know he can help her be a mom and
nothing more
yeah you could help me be a mom let's
talk about that a little bit later if
you want to put your dick in me and then
I'm pregnant me nice all right you've
been on this long enough but I just
thought that was real uh I thought it
was an interesting glimpse inside yeah
find the camera right
I believe it god we've been talking
about Ian a lot but Ian was actually
banned from the Kanye subreddit dan was
telling me that and I just I get worried
about that boy I feel like I'm caring
for him I feel like is in my custody and
I just I get worried about him sorry yes
you were banned from posting how the I
don't think it wasn't the subreddit
right oh yeah I was like here your mics
open go ahead no it's the main Kanye fan
site it's called Kanye to the calm Kanye
to the calm and you've been basically
thrown out of this community in yeah
they got me out of there pretty quick
why are you come in here come in here we
were goes we're gonna get into the Drake
Pusha T thing but let's let's get your
ass in here we got a lot to talk about
I'm worried about you and you're you're
it you're in too deep you're pulling
over on the side of the road to watch
Khan you're getting banned from Kanye
why were you banned from a Kanye forum
to not go too much into it I posted a
leak to an unreleased song mm-hmm and
that is not in the rules did you know it
wasn't in the rules when you posted it
yes so why did you do it to seem like I
was in the know there is their street
cred and in these forms that you're
trying to impress other people they're
in the digital streets right and it and
was there talk about you being banned
are you big contributor to this forum I
thought I was but they forgot me pretty
clearly nobody cared about your ass
disappearing interesting did you have
you made any please to get unbanned with
them I have tried yes no response well
see they banned my IP address and so I
tried to make an account under a
different IP and somehow they knew and
they banned me again well they're
serious about it now when you when you
knowingly broke the rules did you expect
that
just had enough street cred that you
could go into the radar yeah I was like
I'm I'm big dog you know what was your
user name on their forum I can't say
that oh really
I can't reveal it really I'll meet him
no no I can't I can't why not that it's
bad but it all still exists there and
all the Pug you wanna dig in like I
