welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live
every Friday at twitch.tv /a Street
reductions thank you to our sponsors
today Boland branch Dollar Shave Club
audible and equipped today's guest the
wonderful prolific hilarious talented
Shane Dawson recently passed 12 million
subscribers on your now main channel yes
congratulations on that and thank you so
much for coming and joining us I'm
really happy to have you here it's so
cool to meet you so yeah thanks for
coming today are you very nervous I
always say something that just I don't
know I get in trouble right well it's
live great you know it's funny I've it's
like what can you do you know it's part
of the magic right the first episode we
did live
I made some we had a filthy Frank here I
don't even know how we got in this
conversation about like rape and nature
settings like how animals rape each
other right and I was like yeah I was
just saying some stupid [ __ ]
I don't know how why would I even be
talking about that and I say something
that sounded really bad and George is
sitting behind it goes and that haunts
me forever so if you can drop that I
want to say before we get too deep and
if you guys have questions for Shane
about him ghost stories conspiracy
theories whatever is on your mind give
us a ring at one eight one eight two one
four eight
5:04 god bless him I want to get right
in to the juice okay okay we had spoken
a couple weeks back when all this
Twitter garbage was exploding about
there was allegations and let me just
say utter and stupid absolute trash and
garbage that you are a pedophile yes
tell me about how how did you find out
about this it was crazy the night before
it happened I got a DM from keemstar I
thought as I made a joke that Dana
videos saying like Oh
keemstar is gonna DME about being a
child molester cuz I flew out a fan who
was 14 to my house interesting and I
made like a joke what a twist I know two
days before that in a MOOC bang with
Trisha Paytas a MOOC Bank it's where you
order a lot of food when you eat it on
camera
I've heard of a bank a joke about how
you go eat one meal and then immediately
eat another meal that's my life I just
thought that was I never heard of that I
might be saying it wrong it might be
mukbang either way sounds I love bank
and food somehow it's great I'll get to
the gangbang in a second Christ no but I
made a joke saying like you know my
friend was like oh ho people like you
right now and I'm like well it comes in
waves like in you know every two years
people hate me and I said and it's
ticking like two years is coming so like
by tomorrow something Bad's gonna happen
I'm gonna be like whatever and literally
ya the next day anyways so I thought the
video was a joke like I thought it was a
parody because of the way it was edited
it said I because my boyfriend and
previous girlfriend have baby faces I
want to [ __ ] a babies I'm like clearly
this is a joke right
and then yeah it just became a thing
it's just so stupid it was the channel
was pop blast hmm
as everybody knows some respects table
interestingly they made the video called
Shane Dawson is a pedophile that was the
title of it here's proof it had the
channel I'm really actually happy to say
that YouTube just straight up and
deleted it yeah they're like smell you
later idiots but the thing that really
twisted my panties into a full not was
like this stupid rip reputation las'
channel makes a video and Twitter
flippin news it's the number I open
because Twitter news people respect the
people look at it now yeah you click the
thing number one you had like the
flagship story a legate people are
saying Shane Dawson's a pedophile for 48
hours which they've never done before
like in America even with the shootings
three hours after the shooting in
Florida it was like this sushi roll has
amazed
okay that deserves longer than you know
but it was crazy so the craziest part
was there was no allegation like it was
literally so dumb literally me talking
about [ __ ] babies or something on a
podcast which was stupid
five or six years ago but that's not now
like geisha she's making a joke yeah no
kid came forward or no parent award it's
like oh whatever people are saying yeah
so that was a confusing part and I had
people at the gym you know like looking
at me weird and humility Starbucks
looking at me weird and it was a thing
people thought I was a [ __ ] pedophile
for cuz of her news yeah the it actually
was even it this conspiracy had legs
like there was even it wouldn't even a
level further people were saying Logan
Paul's manager paid money to get the
video up to take heat off him I guess it
was right after the dead body yeah I
think what happened was I think it was a
parody I think the person who made it
liked my conspiracy videos know who I'm
gonna like make one about Shane okay
clearly a joke and then because it it
went too far and somebody cut it up even
more and put it on Twitter they took not
the jokey parts and I think that person
was like oh no okay how do I make it
obvious that this was fake so then they
started putting out these weird like
clues and then the Logan Paul email and
and then their channel got deleted so oh
that sucks for them if it was just like
meant to me I think it was because it
was so stupid right there evidence of me
[ __ ] my boyfriend who has a baby food
yeah that's so crazy that I'm like and
there was scary music under it so I
think it was a joke than what you fart
and then the news because poor son of a
[ __ ] was trying to make like a homage
to you in a way maybe once you know once
it got like out of hand
that's I don't know I can't think of the
alternative because it's like well if it
was some person that was trying to ruin
my life they wouldn't have put the
baby-faced stuff in there you know what
I mean so who was it and it was well
edited hmm so are they ha because I just
find it so disturbing that Twitter
broadcasted that as if it was something
serious for so long yeah was there any
repercussions to that oh my god yeah
it was it was nuts personally it was
nuts my family it was really bad just
because like that word is so triggering
sure you know like I've been molested
like it's a long-running thing in my
family it's very I'm very anti pedophile
like everybody else but no but from a
personal yeah and all my I've done so
many videos about child molesters in
Hollywood and I'm like very actively
like trying to shut that [ __ ] down so
when it came back at me and people
called me a pedophile that's the worst
thing they could call me literally the
worst I can't think of anything else
yeah but yeah money-wise it [ __ ] me up
it I lost you know brand deals and I my
certain things that were supposed to
happen are happening anymore just
because of that
dude that's and even now that it's kind
of like I'm settled you still have lost
those connections everybody says it's
not why like oh no it's other reasons
like oh this this one away because of
other things I'm like really like it
happened two days after the pedophile
thing and then it just went away
did you hear what about like YouTube how
did they react because they're so
sensitive to everything these days they
were supportive they know they know they
were like listen we know you didn't do
anything but like you know it's hot off
the heels of low compulsion but handle
another greater controversy yeah but
they were like you know it was very much
like let's see what happens and the
story died pretty quickly
yeah it's not a story I didn't [ __ ] it's
like there is no story there's nowhere
to go oh the best though was like all
the websites the news websites that
we're doing stories on it one of them
used a picture of me holding a baby doll
it's like from Instagram of me like
holding baby dolls because it's like a
sex toy or something yeah what that was
the craziest part dude it's so crazy to
me that like something on this scale
with no merit at all yeah it's like this
me too thing is so click worthy or like
these allegations are
nobody's even thinking it twice about it
but what about like I don't know do some
research like especially as a brand
watch the video all of a sudden is gonna
cancel somewhere yeah you know are you
not gonna check like you I can just say
it about anyone but that's it it's so
dangerous now because even if they
watched it and they're like this is
stupid
people are gonna have that Association
and we just don't want that yeah people
are gonna hold it against them yeah yeah
what was crazy with some youtubers were
like some people in general we're
tweeting things oh you should have made
those jokes or you shouldn't have had
that conversation on a podcast whatever
and kind of making it seem like it was
my fault which I understand but also
like a lot of those people I'm like you
know this could happen to anybody
laughs like they took a thing from six
years ago and edited it imagine like all
of us have hours of content yeah could
happen to anybody
anyone cleanest person in the world I
just Dean who knows I I completely agree
it could happen to anyone
there's no question about it I have some
old videos boy but also they should all
be unlisted now it's a huge difference I
think we will need to make the
difference between like you made a
shitty joke that you shouldn't have made
to this guy's a pedophile that's insane
they are so far from each other yeah
it's such a jump well one of the points
you brought up that I something that
infuriates me is that there are
suspected and arrested pedophiles and
sexual abusers who are working in
Hollywood right now and people are
wasting their time talking about that
[ __ ] um you know about this guy
Bryan Singer I've talked about him on
the podcast here before what do you know
about Bryan Singer what do you say like
that that is like I have filmed a
conspiracy video about him six times and
I always edit him out because I'm scared
it's dangerous
oh oh he's scary it's [ __ ] up so you
know probably that meant several people
have brought lawsuits against him that
have mysteriously and inexplicably
been dropped for no reason you know
other than oh I changed my mind I mean
there's a whole documentary about ya
know pain and that wig dude
open secret creaking and so decided
herbed me so much yeah and that the
woman who directed it like what two
years before that she won an Oscar for
her previous documentary and people are
like she's the next big thing the second
she released that blacklisted from
everybody are you serious yeah cuz I
mean she's opening I've been on the
YouTube side of it not to say you know
here I go conspiracy but you know I
talked about the child porn on YouTube
like two years ago like the spider-man
else's show even worse there's even
darker [ __ ] people like like parents who
dress up like a doctor and pull kids
pants down put syringe and like these
crazy channels that I've been talking
about for two years telling YouTube hey
everybody in my agents everybody take it
down take ten bro I have the same
experience and they're like mmm they're
like Shane I'm gonna blacklist you very
much like shut up right on of me which
makes me think you think I'm the way
that I see it I think that's giving them
too much credit
mm-hm think they're more like they just
always have a problem right they're
always dealing with something and you
think of YouTube is like a we're a bunch
of slick-ass tech guys and everything's
under control
there's like 20 people like high up
there who are doing everything I feel
like yeah and what's hard from their
point of view is like where do you draw
the line on stuff like when is a
spider-man also video okay and when is
it not yeah it's kind of hard to say
like can you tailor a rat if it's dead
at what point there are channels who
have done it and I don't know
like Liza Coe she you know has a video
and I love her has a video where she's
like stabbing a dead fish
really which like me whatever it's it's
a whatever but so is that that different
that different it still is [ __ ] up I
would never teach her rap no like it's
like a weird like we're is the line yeah
it's it's a tough job that they have
it's it is a tough job
I was just twitch just came out with new
guidelines and it's just funny the
position these companies are in now
because a lot of people have been
like Teddy streamers on Twitch and so
they made these new guidelines were like
okay you can wear a dress like this is
okay this is okay this isn't okay like
they actually have like a gradient of
cleavage show as now that's acceptable
but it's kind of ridiculous to be in
that position you know which isn't okay
so twitch yes so that's not like camphor
there it's there's not like a porn
section of it no there should be Frank
they're looking for more traffic well I
guess a lot of people on twitch twitch
streamers complain that girls they like
to work for tips and stuff like that the
problem with twitch bromwich though is
that unlike YouTube where there's enough
there's enough space for everyone
because you can watch one video you can
watch another video on Twitch you've got
live broadcast and you can't enjoy
everyone at once so they're like this
working for tips and I'm trying to be
entertaining here and I can't compete
with them [ __ ] titties I got a helmet
on my second monitor you guys know my
titties yeah they don't have to that's
it's a competitive advantage that's
something that's going on in the world
Brian finger oh wait
that guy is a he just the guy he's made
so many movies and shows and he's still
making a ton of [ __ ] with like the
highest of people in Hollywood like damn
well he so in the open secret you saw
the one of his little partners back in
the day mm-hmm is now really high up in
Bitcoin really I didn't think maybe it
wasn't in the documentary but yeah it's
everything is so connected so it's
creepy
oh sorry we have a soundboard and that's
it that's Carlos for the connect why are
pedophiles so well organized because
it's it's about power
hmm oh that's interesting I think
pedophiles this is gonna get me [ __ ]
in whatever whatever I genuinely do
think though that there is like a lot of
people in power that are because it is
about when you have billions of dollars
and you have make sense you get bored
right and you're kind of [ __ ] up and
evil it's like so it's like how else
that's dark just like man I'm bored I'm
gonna go [ __ ] a baby you look at the
Bible not that I like read the Bible or
whatever but but if you look though like
that in history it's like people have
that high of power turn to murder they
turn to pedophilia they turn to you know
mmm all the dark [ __ ] because they're
[ __ ] bored hostile like stabbing
people for money it's just like you know
I do find what you said interesting
about power because it's clearly is a
power thing the whole pedophile and I
think someone who that appeals to also
would love being in a position of money
and power and controlling people and I
don't even know though if it's like I
don't even think they start out as
Pettit like those types of people I
don't even think they start out as
pedophile I think it's like a it's in
there but I think it just they develop a
taste for it well there's also this
company that like sells young blood draw
me dude you've got my all the weirdest
tell me about this there's a company
that sells young I've never even heard
that term you sell like a middle one I
don't remember where it's happening does
that cannibalism maybe I'd sell my blood
honestly at this point you probably
would get a polymer trouble mm-hmm crime
I'll just give it to you right a blood
prime amazon would love that and I met
young as in like 18 I'm not talking
about okay okay I don't know good all
right horrible house this whole but
going back has do you feel like the
whole allegations have settled against
you do you feel like it's all laid to
rest now right yeah I mean I'm not a
pedophile so it's like this thing of for
me it was more like okay I'm
pedophile so where do we go where I like
when you know other things have happened
with my other bad jokes I've made in the
past like I have this guilt and I feel
like constantly like I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry but this mic I'm not
a pedophile so can we you know what I
mean and I think people did move on yeah
I mean all your all all of your
colleagues on YouTube everyone was just
like this is so stupid
yeah so there's that that always is nice
to see it seems like you've made a
significant like shift and your content
and how you manage your channel and
everything and I know that as a youtuber
knowing a lot of youtubers that's one of
the hardest things to do is to make like
a huge shift or to reinvent yourself
especially in a way where your fans like
and it seems like your channel is doing
I don't know better than ever can you
say that it's doing great let's say that
how did you manage to pull that off I
mean now tell me run tell me about your
thought process going through that I
kind of subconsciously change it every
year interesting I think just because
for me I get a little bored and then you
know but this this this specific year
was different because I for the last you
know 10 years my thought process was
like oh I need to get off of youtube I
need it this is just I'm gonna make
movies and TV and this and that and then
I kind of came to the conclusion that
like oh no like [ __ ] like YouTube is
really cool and people actually are
starting to respect it more and like I
should just make [ __ ] I would make on TV
or movies on my channel so that's kind
of what I've been doing it's a lot more
work I want more money and you know
stuff but I'm actually like really proud
of it now like a year ago I don't know
if I would have said I was of that proud
of like eating pizza on camera you know
you can tell that your production
quality is definitely really impressive
now it feels like I'm watching a show oh
that's it's yeah it's right and like
you're doing it every day yeah that's
gotta be pretty nutty yeah I mean now
it's kind of [ __ ] up like sometimes
it's just three videos a week or
sometimes even just two just because
they're like 30
really long yeah and it's just me and
one other person editing all of them and
that's I was wondering if you edit yeah
I used to I've brought in people but the
one I'm using now his name is Andrew he
films and edits because it usually does
one and I do too or he just do I do one
we trade off no it's a lot that's
awesome man
yeah it's super hard to get someone to
edit your is is this guy a new editor
how long has he been editing stuff for
you I didn't even know how new he
literally started editing like a few
months before he added it with me really
