welcome everybody today sri podcast live
today's episode is sponsored by honey
and Squarespace and viewers like you who
subscribe on Twitch prime you could
connect it it's so easy it's free money
um I mean I go over this every week
thanks guys today's guest is the
Canadian a record producer DJ musician
composer streamer car racer gamer
Renaissance man anything else
Renaissance man kind of a true
renaissance man if I'm being honest new
album is coming out where's the drop
tomorrow right
yeah that's really exciting thank you
I mean tomorrow's the 30th that comes
out on the 30th yeah that's really
exciting thank you for being here now
before we get too deep into our
conversation I know that your smoker did
I not say then was that a thing that
people only said like at the beginning
nobody really says deadmau5 they do they
soul do they do I don't care I think
it's just funny guy and then when I
started learning that nobody could
really get it right I started saying it
differently at different like events or
like that I'd say Jeff Maehl 5 deadmau5
I would I say hi this is deadmau5 and
then everyone would like Oh take that to
the bank you know
oh there was like 20 old pure chaos yeah
why did you choose the 5 instead of an S
we're kindred spirits in that regard we
have h3 or C on F net remember that I
yeah
IRC yeah yeah well chat yeah and then f
net you know you had f net down that or
whatever you know the different IRC
networks or stuff so I was on Afghan
mm-hmm and I used to be an hashtag
actionscript which was like flash coding
um for flash like back in the day and
it's early stuff so I used to hang out
there with like guys like Craig Keynes
and who later turned out to be like you
know the god of ASPR AFP flash morning
and stuff like big coder nerds and um so
I I don't I remember the context but I
changed my name too
deadmau5 MOU se but like you could only
have seven characters on that then so I
had to trim the last one then just put a
five that's just to save space kind of
thing so I wouldn't be thinking at the
time that you know when I start my
musical endeavors I'd be yeah do you
think that it's it's almost great in a
way though because it's more intriguing
it's more interesting right oh yeah and
I mean jay-z was taken otherwise you'd
be alright yeah
jay-z like in our case we were we wanted
to be he he which is our initials and he
sounds really stupid I'm glad all right
and although is that what it is yeah
because my name is Ethan Edward and elos
is Kela I was like h-cubed podcast that
would be cool I wish it was cubes H cute
what is it is cute we're cubed but
anyway so we did the threes and that's
much cooler than hehe mm-hmm so there
you go
Jesse's a mother of invention as I was
saying your smoker and and that's you
know I'm not here to try to like change
you or anything I just think that
there's there are people say more
organic
maybe healthier ways to smoke I don't
know I'll let you decide but we have a
we have a vape here I thought maybe you
could try it and maybe it's a good
alternative maybe you want to try vaping
yes a little pen
dan can you bring in the little pen
let's see if the Joel if we can convert
him into a vapor okay here we go
okay oh my god oh yeah you know it's a
little pen this is our entry-level babe
this if you like it we can get yourself
with something more serious if you want
to go grim yep so go ahead show them how
to use it then let it rip how much you
made I there's this let in a dive like
like all point yeah
there's a slight chance but it'll be
great
so here you yeah push that and then suck
yeah oh yeah that's a fat rip feel great
that's a fat rip it's it's just beep
there's no there's nothing there's
nothing
he's going in for the red no this is a
world record how did you enjoy that
that was interesting it's fun rippings
very clouds and that yeah do you know do
you know there's a competitive vaping
yes I mean I know it's entertaining yeah
well there's different there's different
competitions right like one is how far
you can blow the clouds yeah yeah and
then well they have tricks every trick
volumizing gear that wasn't that was
impressive all right all right enough
enough with the gags it's a flavor is
that I think it's neat unicorn jizz
that's the one that dances so tell me
about your new album it sounds really
interesting and very different than
stuff you've worked on yeah I mean I
haven't been passing an office hey this
is my album and this is a direction I'm
heading in and um [ __ ] all everything
you want because I'm just gonna do [ __ ]
like this from now on it's just more of
a side project really and just so
happened then there was like a large
enough volume of it to constitute
nothing right so all the better which
buys me some time to actually work you
know on another album coming out in the
spring which is going to be more akin to
you know what people usually hear from
me so but this one's cool because it's
actually a collection of like piano
concertos that I've written you know
over the years um and really never had
an outlet form like in terms of like you
know well we can't just like you know
take your weird
just piano only songs and put them on a
CD and sell them who do you think you
are like right Gary Glitter or whatever
all right [ __ ] name but it don't work
astray oh right its lowest rated in this
incident like we I submitted that music
- a friend of mine Gregory wherever it
who is a composer like he composes for
film in massive orchestras and stuff
like that I was like hey can we take
this and then throw 80 player string
sections on it and you have to like
adapt it in such a way that work
musically and all something's like yeah
easy
you know what's already you've given me
more information than I need to do that
so with your melody melodic structure
because it means like trying to take any
modern Indian track he's like the dumb
dog along with one note over and over
again okay let's make an orchestral
version of this okay cue the timpani guy
like you know four four and then maybe
the Contra bass playing the same note
over and over I think my music was
written like more melodic central first
so you know giving that material over to
Greg it was like easy-peasy to
transcribe it and we wrote it you wrote
the melody on piano and then you handed
it off yeah yeah and somewhere it
contracts as well like strobe and stuff
yeah that's so cool that's a really cool
project work so the whole album is
basically orchestrate all it's all
orchestra it's a symphony Wow no like ol
Cynthia which is crazy because you know
I'm reading up on you know I'm a dance
Mozart and all these guys I'm always
written his first symphony we use like
you know 16 and 12 and stuff like that
like well not that no I like the compare
myself that but I mean that would be
something cool to achieve in a lifetime
you know they'd get a body of work out
that's like you know in a traditional
sense an orchestra are you there when
they when they're all together
performing I'm playing the this is my
Ralph
so Joel goes in with people who have
spent tens of thousands of hours playing
and being you know violinists and and
then I walk in with my Moke I'm playing
the mode
so yes I managed to sneak my myself into
the orchestral mix during the
performance it like though being there
with all those people playing your music
um was it cool insane insane audio like
in terms of like the the way you hear it
because you would be surprised how far
off we are you know from the future of
being able to hear something as it's
happening versus how it's recorded into
a DAC and then output because think of
it like this even the most pristine
recording the Dave Brubeck recording of
take five like you know some of the most
legendary recordings playback on two
speakers which are two monophonic sound
sources meaning that there's only like
one speaker with one access one axis
that can move to produce a sound right
and then stereo is just two of them
doing that right but when you think
about it you're not gonna match the
fidelity of say imagine you know sixty
string players are 60 speakers you know
like that don't have phase problems or
correlation problems or all these like
you know kind of weird quasi scientific
terms that you could throw it like
acoustic properties coming for speakers
so sitting on the floor of an orchestra
playing you know your music sounds
insanely different than you know even
with the best mics and the best
recorders recording it and then playing
it back through the speakers it's like a
universal art is there a way for
consumers ever to get an experience like
that without just going to the or no you
absolutely you have to be sitting there
and being in the same room as that you
just shredding away down there so are
you gonna tour with the orchestra
I would love to um I think it'd be cool
like sigh pressures doing long you know
like I said I'd hate for the conception
to go around that like Joel says [ __ ]
dance music and now he's a hans
Zimmerman you know or you're not saying
that no for the record yeah um but I
mean but it's cool first of all it would
be awesome to do but the the to counter
note that the fiscal side of that is
insane Oh mad and a been enjoying
touring with the pillow with
five guys is expensive all right that's
five flights fly five meals five hotel
rooms every five of each times up by a
factor of 80 that's yeah they don't well
what will they do okay
consider a session player like or
someone who performs in an orchestra
whether it's this work show that artists
are they kind of stay where they're at
and they're like robots that's why they
have like the orchestra of this city
mm-hmm yeah absolutely because because
these people are so [ __ ] talented you
could literally put the music in front
of them they've never heard it before
and this is how it went down at the
recording session I'm a second you know
I'm asking the the composer and the
conductor I'm like so how long have you
been practicing
and they're like first right hardened
you know practice yeah I was like just
give me like one take they're like yeah
okay well I have faith and they put the
sheet music in front of them and they
read they're like human computers they
just read the sheet music and play it
exactly as it's notated you know notated
wrong then it's wrong but they didn't
play that [ __ ] wrong you know so I was
like wow that's really insane because I
thought um during the session recordings
that we did at east-west which was like
you know one of the world's best studios
for this kind of thing um I thought well
this is gonna be interesting cuz I've
had keyboardist and you know session
players coming to my studio or other
studios and then we're like okay bar one
a little oh okay well we'll punch you in
from parts 35 and okay boo oh [ __ ] okay
okay boo boo boo boo and I'm like
thinking okay well if we scale that up
two times you know 60 players never get
done it'll never get done
yeah so how does this [ __ ] get done and
then of course their first hand they're
perfect are they're like okay so we
finally get everyone in the room [ __ ]
conductors tap and everyone shut the
[ __ ] up phones off okay here we go
played the whole song flawlessly and
then I was like that's it and they're
like that sound good and I was like that
was like perfect then they were like
yeah well it's what was written on the
thing right thanks Gregory who did that
work I want to know one of you could
ever do something where you like travel
to like municipal orchestras and play
with them so you're
not the first idea that me that would be
so fun
that'd be cool yeah because it's like I
said it's not it's not a matter of
having to move these musicians know what
they're all know what they're doing in
their respective you know locations and
stuff like that like the world is so
interesting man it's really crazy and
and it's funny because my composer
friend is of that world and knows all
this he's done you know Deadpool the
Avengers and all this stuff like all
these big scores and stuff like that and
he's like you know there's just as much
[ __ ] in this as I know that you
haven't danced with like bow ties ins
you know what I mean like well not
really it's a little more laid-back than
that it's not like the white wigs and
those guys sitting around anymore but
besides this is like you know there's
just as much constraint in stylistic
approach that is kind of the norm or
mean stream
orchestral music which is like hard to
fathom if you're not a fan or someone
who's been following you know the latest
greatest symphonies because that's the
thing is everyone can name you know
popular albums at the last five years
right let's say you know Kanye's life a
pop no this and that that you know and
all these other records name name the
last symphony ever written yeah no I
know there's hundreds and thousands you
know which is namely you know it's a
world totally new territory for me so
it's really cool to be able to explore
that you work you were quoted somewhat
recently of saying that EDM is dead or
at least that it's dying
yeah but that was back in 2014 so I'm
wondering what else long yeah so I was
wondering what do you think about the
current state of you know well that's
the thing the current state is the state
it's been in the last five years see I
don't know I think I'm kind of like not
taken out of contact because I I clearly
I mean what I say even if it's like some
weird [ __ ] comment or something like
towards cuz honestly the biggest
question I always get on Twitter what do
you think about dot dot dot like what
the [ __ ] you know okay fine and then I
just say what I'm thinking at that
moment but um here's the thing is when I
started making electronic music it was
literally I started making electronic
music as a joke you know
just kind of a funny thing because it
was like kind of on this weird lull that
it was all starting to kind of sound the
same what what I had done is as I
implemented like at least from my end
you know I'm not saying I'm the only
innovator in you know modern-day man's
dance music there's lots but from my end
of it is I I came from this kind of like
industrial kind of mindset in terms of
music you know what I mean so it's like
I was my melodies were a little more
melancholic like Radiohead a la Nine
Inch Nails kind of thing and I thought
that you know house music which was
actually house music back in the day and
that kind of early stage of techno and
trance early trance like side trance
like we're talking like art of trance
and you know all the Platypus records
kind of trance all that stuff was like
really euphoric sounding in terms of
like you know major key changes like in
scale and stuff like that and it was
just everything was really positive
about it and I go how come no one's done
the the kind of the bummer the
diminished kind of feel you know dance
music just can create like more of an
emotional bummer lo right lo not lull
you know l ull in that kind of music and
I started to do that and then one good
way to achieve that was just you have
really lush sounds that were like you
know kind of long monotonous on like
eight note repeats kind of things and
then that was this track I did called
faxing Berlin kind of thing which was
not like this uplifting kind of MORTAL
KOMBAT yeah you know they write that's
what that's where it was heading him in
my eyes and then that caught on you know
and then then everyone else started kind
of doing it and all that stuff then we
propelled it to this place and then it
just evolved as music does you know it
never comes full circle so it's not
gonna go back to mmm so what you what
you mean it's just it's evolving yeah
it's moved beyond where what yeah it's
just moved beyond I mean it's dead I
mean just that piece of it is that I
know it's done to death that you know so
what do you think about where it is now
I mean what's going on now music as a
whole - like honestly I don't give a
[ __ ] um I haven't really thought about
it much like cuz I'm not if I were smart
and I wanted to make a lot of money I
would absolutely think about where it's
headed and what it's doing and what the
trends are because that's where you go
in you exploit those
there's plenty of Acts doing that right
now you know what I mean where they
gonna say woo this is this is the new
sound this new trap
yeah well I'm like speaking for two
years ago you know what I mean like guys
it's kinda what is trap how to do it is
like hip-hop without [ __ ] you know
rap always over it and other people
analyze these things like you would
running a business analyze trends and
pandered to those kind of trends I've
never really given a [ __ ] about it so
like I don't I don't see that and those
respective kind of things going anywhere
because it's not like of my main focus I
guess I mean they probably think about
just staying relevant whatever that
means
exactly exactly that one of my most
loathed Twitter comments is are you even
relevant right relevant to what finish
the sentence you know what I mean like
just relevant in general relevancy is
like the weirdest word I've ever heard
you know it when it's used in that
context of no context and I mean am i
relevant yeah my cat relies on me defeat
you are very super relevant you know
what I mean like I'm the most relevant
[ __ ] thing in that thing's universe
we don't be relevant finish your thought
finish your thought explain yourself
like I said I really have no qualms with
people making you know like haphazard
guesses as to my state of mind but
please have something to back it up I've
never I've make a point like I try my
best that when I say something even if
it's you know benign or really you know
kind of attacking someone or something
like that I've got like empirical
evidence that founded that statement you
know what I mean I don't just I wouldn't
say I hate you could you look like a guy
hating him drew thank you but I could
tell you a hundred stories about why hey
drew and then that would explain to you
why I don't even like you you that's
great but I do you like you you I
thought I was gonna walk into like a
drag fest I don't know why you expected
that you were expecting all kinds of
crazy [ __ ] hearing you talk about it
yeah man like I'm paranoid as [ __ ] just
sit here alright I don't know
no good I got a boyfriend I think is it
a youtuber thing a youtuber we have a we
have a rap we have a reputation I guess
or some sorts but the podcast is like a
different thing well yeah a youtuber
thing what's a youtuber thing like I
know what a youtuber is yeah yeah just I
