welcome everybody to a new episode of
the h3 podcast starring your boy ty
Lopez y'all remember when he had
attorneys trailing us when we made that
video together well we're gonna do a
little bit of a meme on him we've got a
friend Michael here who is looking very
slick very intimidating as an attorney
and we are gonna have him shadow ty
Gimmelwald taste of his own medicine how
do you think he's gonna enjoy that
yellow we're pranking him got him
let's go welcome everybody to another
episode of the h3 podcast every Tuesday
and Friday at switch W ports legislation
abductions also available on all those
great apps iTunes Google Play tune in go
there
listen download leave a review palpable
us now we've got on deck ty Lopez he's
here the man the myth the legend he's
here in person we also have illa Klein
the illustrious the beautiful the
elegant the Red Hat sent looks like
you're making a political statement with
that hat I don't like that it's just a
red hat Donald Trump love him I hate him
he ruined red hats you can't wear red
hats anymore today's episode is
sponsored by Dollar Shave Club movement
that is MV MT movement the watch company
and quit more on that later
no episode this Friday but stay tuned
because next two days Tuesday coming up
a week from today
it's dunkey video game donkey and his
girlfriend Leah oh my god I love these
guys I'm so genuinely excited for that
one but one guest at a time because I'm
excited for today's guests as well Tai
Lopez yep now before we introduce our
guest today actually want to talk about
something that just happened idubbbz
friends of the show friend of ours made
a new video he made a Content cop on rye
scum mm-hmm a little switcheroo and he
titled it content cop Jake Paul as a
parody too because everybody's begging
him for months to make a Content cop on
Jake Paul and then all of a sudden he
does a little switcheroo cause
content cop Jake Paul and immediately
it's like got you just a joke I just
didn't want to give Bryce calm the
satisfaction of putting his name in the
title and YouTube [ __ ] removed it for
clickbait and deceptive practices and
I'm fired up they gave him a community
strike yeah and they removed it even if
they bring it back they sucked all the
momentum out of the damn video or a lot
of it yeah anyone with half a [ __ ]
brain should be able to look at that and
be like this was purposely done too
artistically to enhance the value of the
video
he immediately addresses it and he has a
reason for doing it and he talks about
it right in the first in the beginning
of the video you know it's fine that
there there's there all the sudden such
strict and forces of the rules meanwhile
you know they're like no porn
unless it's art and then you can have a
dude [ __ ] in another dude's mouth
like they're like this rules okay as
long as it's art but meanwhile when he
actually attempts to make something
interesting with clickbait when everyone
else on YouTube is actually genuinely
click baiting and being promoted in and
paraded around by YouTube all of a
sudden he's got to be the martyr for
clickbait god they always have they
always have this way of not getting it
it's so weird like what what how can
they not understand he immediately talks
about it and he actually has a reason
for titling it that way well while you
have Lance yours raped by a demon yeah
that literally is that not clickbait I I
ask you now so if you want to help I
mean if they don't bring it back that's
gonna be one of the greatest travesties
of YouTube history I think hopefully it
was just some deli I'd buck I don't that
is a bit relevant to what I'm talking
about some some person that and you know
sit in a room with their finger on a
button is like oh [ __ ] this guy in
particular hopefully it gets reversed if
not if you want to help tweet team
youtube tweet them there's real people
there they're connected they see that
tell them yo help a brother out
it's interesting how they
there the guy's been working on this
video for months dude and insanity come
instead of promoting people actually put
effort into a YouTube video they they
just ruining it for him he flew to
England just so that peopIe can make a
brief cameo like this guy went all out
on this video and I think that point is
excellent no one else is trying to like
elevate YouTube videos right and instead
of them appreciating that they find a
way to do the opposite they would donate
don't even reach on be like hey can you
change the title they're just like [ __ ]
you you suck anyway tweet - at team
YouTube if you want to have your voice
heard on that one now with that being
said Tai Lopez is a bit of a legend on
YouTube he's been the subject of a
couple of our videos many of you know we
made a video with him recently where we
went to his house got to know him a
little bit my impression was that he was
a nice guy I liked him I mean besides
the fact that he had like a fleet of
lawyers tailing me but that turned out
for the best I mean was it was a
highlight of the video here my garage
the inventor of this meme the 69 steps
the 420 steps he's a YouTube guru he's a
legend you guys all know him back there
he hates my 69 69 place for 20 steps
so anyway let's bring the man in Tai
Lopez gate that sweet tight little ass I
know you're fit and I know that ass is
tight so bring it in here dammit
69 steps yeah alright thanks for joining
us dude how you been for 420 plays and
stuff so how you been what you been up
to and more importantly what car did you
drive here in the blue Rolls Royce did
you really I
I brought it as a present for you oh my
god Wow I knew you yester that's nice
you can hand me the keys now if you got
him there outside
oh hey so anyway I was in Vegas yeah I
took I took a picture out the window one
hour or two hours before right of that
that festival was insane I left two
hours before really I've been right in
the middle of it crazy world man sad
world sometimes but on that note yeah
you are you you were in Vegas
recently in Vegas I was speaking at a
conference well two entrepreneurs
wanting to scale their business for you
just can you just bring a little bit
close I just want you miss anything
this is don't worry about him did you
bring your lawyer just here to hello
okay don't worry about it snow he's like
an intern an intern yeah he's gonna read
me my Miranda rights
just listen he's uh don't worry just try
not to think about it not here he's the
janitor I'll focus no I'm just kidding
oh my god all right you're starting to
scare me now so thanks for your service
to us appreciate thank you very well
done by the way
lots of intimidation but who's gonna
serve me no subpoena on my podcast on
your part by the way that was great we
thought it'd be fine good I don't wanna
I don't want to like drag it out and
actually have him stand there for too
long no just a little bit of a me you
were getting a little late hearted
that's the new meme the ef'n lawyers at
Ty's house that was powerful that was
definitely the most memorable thing and
it wasn't even really planned I just had
a meeting with my lawyers and they were
there and they're like we got it we got
to meet this guy and I don't know why
bill was hounding you like that they do
not instruct him to do a debrief okay
because that's the number one thing that
everybody was like you have to ask him
about yes he was following me yes I have
no idea why
Oh No so who's it's wool that's a guy
three of but he's a compliance lawyer so
I don't believe he promised you you kid
like a Google lorry
no I believe he's compliance okay but
like what do you think I would actually
be like follow him in the cameras I mean
not that's why it was so crazy right I
think I was just like you guys can
listen in okay
and he took that extremely literally as
relating it listening to every moment so
I and then you know this is Hollywood
you want to you want to entertain you
got to be a little crazy so I didn't say
anything I was like I know your audience
is gonna this is gonna spark brand new
conspiracies around about me and I was
like it's a year now you're saying that
it was by design to be entertaining no
and not it was neither but once I saw it
I was like this is this is pretty funny
I mean it was definite was funny and you
were good with the game you guys are
good with the cameras you like turned it
into a central theme of the whole it was
I mean props to that guy but David were
you like dude why the three yeah the
balcony one is my corner one was funnier
they had like eyes in the wall the photo
you could see their eyes you know if I
really would have pre planted I would
have done something like that I wouldn't
let you know because yeah it was pretty
ham-handed yeah the way he did it
yeah well people like the end to I get a
lot of people being like did you really
throw really out and his wife stayed
surprising people like Pro Wrestling Oh
lots of stuff it was a bit of a progress
it was a bit of a pro Russell you can
basically do something outrageous and
50% of people will believe it well that
guy just was I mean there was a point
when I was on the balcony walking down
the stairs yeah and he and I turned
around and that's when I had this
realization doc this is a lawyer
trailing me he's not full-time on staff
I I have the other guys were full-time
is he the premium one is what's he know
just he not that cheap so I like 600
bucks an hour yeah he does compliance
FTC stuff resuming so like we sell stuff
online if
we have stuff that has recurring monthly
fees you got a word it so it's not
tricking people inside so he makes sure
everything's aboveboard
so he was making sure that was compliant
like that I guess such a good man he's
very well but it got but he got views
did I was so memorable
yeah no I'm happy it happened I mean it
wasn't like I didn't feel threatened it
was just like well no he's a jolly guy
yeah he is he was nice he was a good
sport I remember I walked out of the
kitchen want to know at towards the end
I was like hey I need you to sign a
release you said he was ready lawyers
are very serious you probably would do
that I was surprised it was probably by
the way congratulations congratulations
on winning your lawsuit
oh thanks because I know we were talking
about it there yeah thank you so much
yes that's really yeah you need freedom
of speech let people do as long as it's
not crazy crazy listen today was the big
thing you just did you had some other
content and you did like a reaction
video yeah yeah made a video like we
usually do and this one guy just
couldn't take it and he [ __ ] suit us
found an attorney that was as far as I
could tell ya did it pro bono or on it
on my expense agency and they just you
know they couldn't accept that that it
was alright to make that video right and
so they rode that train all the way to
about how luckily we won but it was a
nightmare yeah well I'll [ __ ] with
lawyers man now I was on jury duty like
two or three years ago on a gang a guy
stabbed somebody in the face and I was
on the jury at my basic it was a month
it was a hung jury in and out wasn't
usually your I was in like 28 days my
basic conclusion was don't go to court
if you don't have to I mean the the
prosecuting attorney suck the D I mean
if you're poor too it sucks the world's
so unfair cuz that yeah defense attorney
was I was like this dude should defend
himself that bad she at the end fake
cried the attorney my client and all the
jurors right when we went in the room
we're like was that a fake cried well
like yeah
it was like so bad I was like poor guy
cost us quarter million to defend
ourselves adequately once we got like
good real attorneys yeah it just it was
kind of disillusioning how how rigged
the system is towards money oh dude
that's insane I didn't grow up with
money so I never saw that side of the
coin but basically especially in America
money runs stuff made money is and
that's why I tell people you know I talk
a lot about money but I'm like money's
more important that we're taught it's
not it it's almost a necessary evil in
the modern world it is for sure yeah Oh
two weeks ago or not last Sunday I was
at the Amish you know I live with the
Amish for two and a half years when I
was young so I was back there and then
the next weekend I was it here there for
Vegas it was quite a the Amish still
have that kind of diverse society not
money driven not material a shirt it's
kind of those are the guys with the
beers and the way beards it's not
Mormons not the opposite sometimes
people don't believe I was there I was
like I still speak their language but
man it's good I got to get out of the
city every once in a while yeah so let
me ask you yeah I know a just to follow
up on the items stuff the video is back
oh it's back yeah sorry this year there
was some YouTube drama going on okay and
one of our friends video got taken down
and we were all just like ranting about
it but apparently it's back up like you
do a new soap opera you know if you put
a hundred bucks in Bitcoin in 2010 you'd
have seventy five million dollars yeah
that's a nightmare someone asked me did
I do it I was like no I wish but like I
was reading it's like yeah you know
there's no such thing as a genius who
was like I predict that boy it's like
you got lucky right forget lucky yeah
anyway listen by the way I'm doing a
huge prize invited 50 of the top Bitcoin
crypto guys to my house tomorrow so I'm
doing a little private dinner because
I'm more of a businessman and I want to
learn more about icos and crypto so it's
gonna be see a future and all that stuff
yeah I mean what the internet did
media like disrupt sure Bitcoin and
crypto currencies ether are gonna
disrupt it's still sovereigns than money
currencies it seems that even now after
Bitcoin and all these other crypto
currencies I've gotten like pretty
famous and a lot of notoriety I still
don't know how to use that right it's
still not able to me that's when the
money is there once everybody that I
think it was JP Morgan or one of these
old billionaires said once you're
shoeshine boys giving you advice on
money it's too late
sure and so like Bitcoin what I never
always tell people never be the first
like I'm good friends with Tom from
MySpace he's actually coming along so
you had first social media platform was
Friendster didn't make any money you
know I do became an alcoholic cuz he had
turned down thirty million bucks come on
by and then it's where it was worth zero
then Tom came along him and his buddies
they built myspace they sold it for five
hundred men they were the second but the
third guy Mark Zuckerberg is one of the
you know almost the wealthiest guy in
the world and so with Bitcoin it's the
same wave 2010 was probably the first
wave I always say get in between the
second and third wave because it went
three yeah I see that you know let the
first guy fail become an alcoholic can
possibly end until my guy who start a
Victoria's Secret he sold it for five
million bucks and jumped off the Golden
Gate Bridge because it turned into a
billion-dollar brand not bad right yeah
not nothing worth ending your own life
over no no no I know no amount of money
jump off a bridge all right let me ask
him okay you were the first person that
I can recall that has kind of pioneered
the genre of like the self-help guru
whatever your motivational I don't know
you refer to yourself but you basically
put your videos your ads on YouTube as
video pre-rolls yes I mean what can you
tell me the process that led you to be
like man I think this is untapped like
right you wait for you the second or
third or were you the person there was
some guy there's a few guys before me
out showers in the second way so you got
it so yeah there's these guys six-pack
ABS no actually
how good their business is doing but
six-pack abs will subdued some guy they
were doing like by their workout plan
mm-hmm but I wish I could say I was
smart I would say I got lucky and all
success is like 50% skill 50% luck you
know I mean you need some skill
obviously but 2014 I mean I've been
entrepreneur since I was 19 I've been
doing stuff and but more behind look
traditional business and then in 2014 I
was like I was at this conference and a
guy's like dude YouTube and YouTube was
already around but it wasn't been I was
like I've learned my mentor Alan nation
told me ty never be the first or the
last to try a new idea so I was like is
someone else doing he's like yeah this
guy seems bad so I said okay so I went
to Europe in December 2014 for New
Year's Eve right before this parachuting
everywhere I go man when I leave god
damn it don't [ __ ] when I leave a
country or city you wanted to leave with
me but uh I come and in that case you do
want to be the first you want to be the
first out that's right but I had order
I've always loved books man and so I had
ordered like 500 books so while I was in
France
my assistant Nathan called me and he
goes dude we got a hundred new books
couple hundred new books no place to put
them I said buy some books I was busy
because I was like on vacation I'm like
buy some bookshelves and put them in the
garage so I came back in right after New
Year's and one night was a Sunday night
that was like January 24th I took a
phone it wasn't this one I still keep
the phones my lucky phone and I walk and
I was gonna go out with my friends and I
remember my buddy Alex Mayer who is this
guy made a billion dollar business he
told me sometimes recreation is
overrated so I was like you know what
I'm not gonna go out today I'm at work
so grab my phone and I had done some
YouTube videos in December but they they
didn't do that good they went they good
so I'm gonna try something new so I had
just got that Lamborghini for Halloween
so I went in there and I was like well
here in my garage just got this brand
new Lamborghini and I was pretty much I
shot a few versions of it and then I
posted it and I remember I had a
conference the next you posted it yeah
posting like January wasn't an ad at
first or was it I posted it and then I
boosted it yesterday
this is pretty good I spent like a
thousand bucks to boost it right so wait
you were you're studying the ab guys
were they running ads or they were just
making YouTube there's any role okay so
you were already interested in it yeah
you made a video like hey this is not
bad
let's try pre rolling it even know if it
was good I was just trying everything so
like trot this is next in line
sure and then I did it and man that
thing all of a sudden is like and yeah
and I was like well apparently people
like Lamborghinis and they're surprised
that I talk about books and people and
you know it was the same thing it was
like in February the next month it's
like forums are like [ __ ] this guy is
[ __ ] that's not a real Lambert there
