welcome everybody today sri podcast
episode number 50 Wow
halfway to 100 I don't know that most
podcasts would celebrate 50 but it's
been a lot of ups and downs a lot of
bumps a lot of strikes and gutters here
so I think the fact that we made 50 is
worth a golf club I think so and in life
take any chance to celebrate I think
that's a good policy I think that's
encouraging it's a beautiful thing
give yourself small milestones any
chance to celebrate put that on my
tombstone I saw that's just like what I
do is like if I managed to walk a little
bit extra in a day I'm like let's
celebrate with a pizza and that's how
you end up looking like ya - on Thursday
at 7 p.m. we have rhett and Link coming
to the studio leave your question on the
subreddit for them today we have a very
special top of the month with my good
wonderful hilarious friend Zac Adel aka
psychic pebbles on the sound board and
on the mic we call him mr. hilarious
because he's just so funny
Zac tip the beanie what is up freak
[ __ ] that's my catchphrase get used
to it
that's it that's what Joe Rogan says
isn't it everybody let Joe Rogan know
that Zac's coming for him boy you're up
buddy
zach is known for being litigious so I'd
be careful 70 lawsuits of the one
uh-hum today's episode is sponsored by
the one and only teddy fresh mrs. teddy
fresh what are you wearing Ella I am
wearing the collar black windbreaker
just came out today and I am wearing the
revenge of the Ted sweater
oh sorry headphones feels so good this
is like what a great sweater um guys go
to Teddy fresh calm we have set up a
special offer just for our podcast
listeners tan why are you manhandling my
dog like a bag of groceries you just
punted it hand Watson Leigh is holding
the dog is like
[Laughter]
just for our podcast listeners use code
h3 a check out for free shipping in the
US
free shipping oh my god
what are we Amazon mm-hmm this week we
are so if you are in the market for this
amazing sweater or windbreaker head on
over to teddy fresh calm and use the
code age 3 by that murders by that merch
I get it now
and of course I don't get the
opportunity to thank you all enough but
all you wonderful beautiful twitch prime
subscribers and just straight up
subscribers on Twitch oh my god thank
you guys so much for clicking smashing
that button for us because if your dick
was in front of me right now ela mine
not your I mean if your your David yes
if you hit that stop button it's
basically like if you I had a dick I
work it are this weird so thanks for
smashing that button now let's get right
back in let's just get right into this
gals a really long intro if you guys
haven't seen the jacksFilms parody of
led that's what we were fairings going
right great video that was a really
terrific video let's get right back
let's let's get right into it all right
here's the deal of top store we've got a
lot to cover here Logan Paul I haven't
had a chance to talk about the whole
fiasco surrounding Logan Paul's channel
being demonetized
for tasering a dead rat now we don't
have to talk there's a pattern of
behavior here with Logan Paul of playing
with dead dead corpses in adamant once
living things he has sociopathic
behavior it's pretty weird like you
would think that it would be
overthinking every little thing he's
doing right now because everyone is
looking he would be a little sensitive
to tasing dead rats or taking living
fish out of his koi pond and performing
CPR on them as they breathe at they
desperately
gasps freer but nope well this is thing
about Logan is that before the suicide
force thing this is who he was he was a
he was this guy he was desecrating
corpses long before the suicide forest
and YouTube was stroking his [ __ ] like
as you know as if somebody bought his
March or subscribed on Twitch like
that's what I don't like about how you
like before all this they were giving
him YouTube read movies they were giving
him YouTube red shows he was like the
face of YouTube rewind I think YouTube
is getting walk right now
wake the flip up and get go because they
thought of lager is just it's like the
safest content and they probably didn't
even then even more notorious videos
exact figured it's a vlog what could go
exactly a bunch of kids it's just Logan
Paul whatever but this guy yeah they
didn't bother to check out like who is
this guy so they've got the time and
effort the people at face value like
filthy Frank and items and us they're
like keep them in arms like I don't have
anything with them but Logan Paul is
running around desecrating corpses and
they make him the face of YouTube but
sick it's it's so twisted bro and now
all the sudden it's like oh we know
Logan who we never heard of him it's
like no you made him famous you prop
this psychopath up by that merch well
anyway I know it's song he's singing
now that is channel ste monetized you
know so it's a really quick you know we
were talking about before but I don't
think the dead rat part look if a lot of
jackass could have done that people you
met you before filthy frankenz don't
stuff with the animals I think the big
difference here though is that not that
he did that stuff cuz that in the vacuum
is not don't worst thing to do morally
right but the difference is everybody
was looking at him and he got he thought
he could out charm you know doing that
right after the whole corpse Fiasco in
Japan that's the big thing to me it's
not that he I mean the act is bad but
it's not the bigger thing if it is it's
the context of it right it's not that
bad at the fact
you but we doing that right after when
you know everybody's looking at you is
pretty [ __ ] it's pretty nutty to me I
I saw a lot of of people being it's
really the context of how it happened
right there matters well it's just like
will you will you be a little bit weary
of doing anything bad if you just
[ __ ] the show to rigor mortis corpse
behind you I'm feeling loaded
I mean seriously was a decomposing man
and they went you know what I think I
think I think my comeback needs a
beautiful CPR a [ __ ] living koi I
mean ripped out of its pods people were
comparing it to like well we're all
celebrating Logan's channel being
demonetised
but we would have filthy Frank was doing
this a year plus ago and nobody and like
obviously we would be a grief that
happened to him but Tim today so those
people I say it's a different time I
mean we all except now this is not the
YouTube it used to be yeah this is post
this is post that pocalypse world this
is like 911 on YouTube like the rules
are just different
you can't send anthrax to two people in
the mail anymore like he always mailed
his P that's a perfect Joey South was
mailing urine to people that's the kind
of wild-west 9/11 okay we take our shoes
off at checkpoints this is just the new
reality now okay and Lobo Paul not only
knew that he was at the center of it
right and he made this whole Cheney's
cheesy corny PR I'm donating a million
bucks to suicide prevention by the way
worst the receipt on that I'm not
doubting you I'm just saying wait
where's Jordan I want to hear what
Jordan has to say Jordan's a local pawn
fan yeah I'd like to see him to defend
this well he said he was defibrillating
the but like it's a it's a different era
and Logan Paul was at the center of this
I mean he was under a microscope yeah
this is him on good behavior he this is
him on good behavior
yeah I don't have time to go back and
watch all of his videos but he was
probably torturing animals for long
before his parents know he was torturing
animals from a young age and they let
him out into the world
really
anyway let's let's let's take a closer
look
the thing about Logan that really
grinded my gears was he came back after
this break
he made this wonderful PR video about
suicide and stuff but he during that
time he showed absolutely no remorse and
basically spit in the face of YouTube
and and everyone who was criticizing him
with certain things for example let me
show you the first one he went after the
controversy I mean a weeks after it
cardi B posted on Instagram this picture
and she said they're trying to crucify
me like they did Christ okay now what do
you think Logan said in response to that
I think he said that's a bit of an
exaggeration he says give me a break
you'll come on no he says lols you
telling me so in in Logan's mind in the
midst of getting [ __ ] he's being
crucified like Jesus he's dying at the
cross he's the martyr he did nothing
wrong this evil world is the one that
put him up friend for the injustice I
mean this is this is dilution on on the
highest scale and beyond that he's
writing it on cardi B's Instagram like
she's gonna notice it be like oh my god
Logan Paul commented yeah that's not all
folks folks and the facts next up Logan
Paul here
here's his comeback video after the
suicide the suicide meme where you
supposedly by the way if you're gonna
donate a million dollars a guy like
Logan Paul who's all about being flashy
and show off he you think he'd have like
a giant check or something or receiving
be like hey guys here's the I'm not
saying he's a liar but all I'm saying is
where's the proof no no no I think he
claimed but I'm just saying are we
supposed to take this guy
face value that's an incredible claim I
donate a million dollars to suicide
prevention where's that Chad I think
it's worth the waffle to ask for proof
for that I think it's a pretty
reasonable claim I would provide it
because this is the internet everybody's
skeptical I think it's just a missed
opportunity of using one of those big
checks and I mean that's a principle of
life when you get a chance to use a big
check of Caesar for Christ's sake I mean
I I gotta be honest I watch that part so
I don't know what's the what proof did
he provide well no he just said he says
at the end of video I'm from I'm
donating a million dollars to suicide
prevention mm-hmm and then everybody was
like oh my god well if you do do it good
job
yeah yeah but did he receive where that
receipt we're not receipt no but
seriously where that receipt you know
everybody at Logan Paul where that
receipt everybody not please don't it's
too late it's too like that so I mean
just put that on there don't do that
don't don't
whatever you do don't tweet at Logan
Paul where that receipts that would be a
really immature thing to do don't do it
let's go up we're better than that but
if I was a judge and this was hereditary
I would say just show me there was this
was Judge Judy she would say to him
Logan Paul versus the court of public
opinion Judge Judy would say Logan let
me see the receipts yeah Julianne
executional you would say provide me
some receipts if you were judge dredd if
I could say a big claim that he wouldn't
even try to fake it I'm pretty sure he
did it I don't see I know there's a
chance he there but I don't think so
you're saying there's a chance
all right let's move on but but
seriously where the receipt hashtag
let's get that treasure so anyway here
so after the whole where's the receipt
scandal the non-existent scandal so this
was his his comeback Logan powers back
there's a lot of conceit a lot of
arrogance a lot of self congratulatory
dick is broken where chaos hides in the
shadows
dictated by pure and absolute savagery
one absolutely one boy
I noticed he always does this where he's
like I'm not a man I'm a boy I'm a boy
from Ohio I'm just yeah you I can't be
held responsible for anything I'm a 22
year old boy you're a [ __ ] fully
grown man they have a lot of
responsibility you're not a boy why like
you have this whole ego thing and you
prefer to be called a boy I think I
think it's to say that I'm so young yeah
they're so so successful I think that's
the point of it it's only 22 of them
humblebrag
I guess you're right everything
everything seems to be carefully
manicured manicured to stroke his gentle
you go not gentle but really not gentle
actually questioning something I've been
questioning his age for a long time just
like he's 62
where's the [ __ ] where's the
emergency serious what the log sir I
love that I love it the birth
certificates not enough money
legend
no I'm Logan
Jake is my brother I'm looking for oh
snap
okay okay a little bit of a goof how
would you rate that mr. hilarious yeah
is there a fart or [ __ ] sound effect on
this thing dad is there an ass farting
really create an ass for new [ __ ] so
defect on this so I can write that yeah
that rap for you the idea that that mr.
Hill attack mr. hilarious will be a
continuous presence here on the sound
board on commentary so we got to make
sure he gets everything he needs den
yeah I need to be alright so anyway so
you rate that a fart noise yeah you know
there's something really christ-like
about that video like he's got this long
beard he's gets like it's like Christ
died he's kind of rising from the dead
he literally commented that on cardi B I
think that's attention I think it's very
a christ-like symbolism so it's coming
to a it's coming to a head here soon the
Maverick Logan Paul
showing his face for the first time
after the disgraced youtuber has been
spotted
[Music]
he's like did you guys notice my apology
had 50 million views and paparazzi were
taking my pictures all the time like I'm
not gonna say that yeah I messed up but
did you see how much publicity I got out
of it did you see that I managed to fake
cry Hollywood what did they say
you look sincere but it it gonna have
the feeling that you're just a good at
what what's that saying I don't know
what you're referring to you know what
I'm not gonna try it out this is your
own hour can take a three week break hey
a million so yeah so he put the humility
thing to this at the side really quick
who else can get a million subscribers
and I didn't get I'm not disgraced I
took a break I just wanted a little
break after my vacation to Japan wasn't
really related to anything I just wanted
to relax a little bit because I work
really hard not related to the
desecration of corpses by the way is
there any corpses around because I'm
gonna do you mind if I rub my dick on
some dead creatures [ __ ] that koi it's
disgusting
deep fake this is the vibe like I'm
following all this and I'm I'm upset
because I'm like this guy doesn't give a
crap
he doesn't care and he's just this kind
of behavior of just he's like deflecting
all the blame I he's been crucified like
Jesus and his mind and it's just he spit
he the PR thing was just so transparent
at this point and he's just such a
[ __ ] here look at this from Twitter
the evidence mounts still come on guys
we got this there was a petition to
delete his channel which is obviously a
lot of people venting their frustration
about how messed up the thing is
it had over a half a million sub sub my
signature signature now here he is uh
you know essentially saying that I think
they're all handicapped
well he's acting like he's got a little
you know his eyes are a little goofy he
thinks they're [ __ ] he thinks there
was no I think that he can like make fun
of it and he's like [ __ ] that's what
he's saying am I wrong in saying that he
was calling people yeah I don't see that
but I do see that he's trying to make it
seem like you can just joke about it you
know what I mean
come on guys we got this but essentially
not taking anything seriously deflecting
all the blame and being a little bit of
a [ __ ] and not really changing so
there's this mounting evidence Exhibit C
and then we've got more in case you
needed more reasons to hate Logan Paul
he made a video this one really tickles
my berries
unbeliev that's an expression he made a
video where he dresses up and asks
college students what they think about
Logan Paul do you guys notice anything
weird about the background he used the
thumbnail that picture of his face when
he's right in front of the corpse he
used that to clickbait his new video in
the background click baiting himself
let's make John suicide forest video
thumbnail the he chose after all this
[ __ ] it's completely my finding
absolutely mind-bending and there's more
still my god here we go let's open this
up so he's asking these guys do you know
Logan pause a lot of them are like no I
don't you can tell he's like pretty
messed up right pretty insensitive right
from what we see like that was not a
good I don't personally that's a fact an
actual factual verifiable thing I mean I
didn't watch the whole thing but I know
like a lot of other like influencers
were talking about it yeah I was just
respectful but the same time intention
really it was taken way out of
proportion so you don't think we should
throw him off a building no of course
not that's like totally hypocritical but
Penny's about that Logan :
we found someone who supports me I love
this one okay respect speaking of people
that people don't like how about that
Logan Paul character no you need that
suicide forest video pretty messed up
right pretty insensitive right I don't
know dude I just like the Logan's like
luckily I do usually get pretty
insensitive he was behind for the corpse
[Laughter]
and then it's like way are you Logan
Paul this is stranger you should be the
thing that's weird is you should be
distancing yourself it's time to move
past this and he's trying he's trying
he's not like trying to me me he's
trying to capitalize on it and clickbait
himself in the tongue this video has 10
million views he clicked baited himself
in the thumbnail in front of the corpse
and he's like capitalizing on it it's
just bizarre man so here guys let's
watch the logan paul taste some dead
rats
[Applause]
you can see how disturbed his problem
not something like a bad idea coming off
of the writers and at the very least
edited out and post like do it on the
spot you're a little crazy you're a
little wild embracing being like the bad
boy anything so you can make it cool you
know the 50s guys would have like
leather jackets and motorcycles so this
is the bad boy now you got a Taser dead
rat screaming the microphone the neuera
bad boy
the memories oh he's so dreamy he chases
