[Music]
welcome everybody to the h3 podcast
sound board experience Thank You to
expressvpn quit and seeking for
sponsoring today's episode the day our
guest is the wonderful and illustrious
john mclaughlin more popularly known as
jacksepticeye 20 million subscribers 10
[Music]
views oh my gift I'm doing it not so
close yeah like 9.9 I mean you just hit
20 million right yeah like four days ago
that's insane like 20 that's so far I
know
and every time it's like you you hear
the numbers go up and up and up and then
I was like I rolled it out to somebody
in my 20 million that's a lot of zeros
[ __ ] weird yeah I I don't know why
how I mean do you ever expect like okay
it's gonna slow down now yeah I think
everyone kind of never stops let's go in
there I don't know I must have a
wiretapped in somewhere I have a secret
upload button to get more subscribers
yeah I don't know yeah that's crazy
coconuts
well anyway welcome to Los Angeles
thank you a good Irish boy yeah oh I
haven't burst into flames yeah oh yeah
it'll happen I mean your idea that's a
joke about you being paralyzed soon yes
you're not that pill no it's not that
bad it's situation is not that but it's
pretty [ __ ] bad I mean my under well
yeah you've been here a long time where
you just fail
I mean well frankly I mean look I don't
leave the house you don't have to go in
the Sun out here that's true I mean yeah
my roof that's the problem with LA you
go outside you die yeah you know or you
get stuck in traffic so by the way do
you live in Ireland or do you live in
the UK where do you live right now I've
lived in Ireland until last year and
then I moved to Brighton so I've been
living there for a year since May
that's where PewDiePie lives right yeah
you guys you guys hang out you guys
brothers yep hang out make out all the
time no it's weird cuz we we live in the
same town and he's like a 30-minute
drive for me
I almost never see each other thirty
minutes is like five minutes best
friends 30 minutes I'll talk to you
something yeah we see just like once a
month maybe yeah it's kind of like 30
minutes same time it's also like I'll
see you next year yeah yeah and then
I've been doing tour stuff and
everything and he has his own stuff
that's he's going on so we never like
find the right time why'd you move to
Brighton mmm I always kind of moves I've
wanted to move anyway and I thought well
I'm gonna move to LA that seems a bit
fairs yeah a lot going on there I've a
lot to figure out
mm-hmm I was like well I could have
moved to London but that's too hectic I
don't really like London to live I was
like oh Brighton I went to visit Felix
and fell in love with it seems like a
nice little spot yeah lovely out on the
beach nice and cozy the people there are
nice you go to the beach not really it's
not a real beach it's like a yeah you
never really have the weather well
Elliot kinda has the same problem it's
like come to LA for the beaches but
never go in it because of the water so
cold all the time have you been in the
beach here in LA no down off the beach
it yeah don't bother about it so far
away I don't want you don't worry about
it
don't leave the house don't go to the
beach Shelly's great yeah
it's lonely make a lot of friends what
brings you out to LA cuz you came out
here on an extended trip right like
you're out here for a couple months you
kind of escaping a little bit would you
say getting out here and kind of just
yeah hey my life you know a life yeah I
wanted to become a movie actor really
reach Hollywood no come on yeah that's
how long it takes yeah okay four years
I'll see you on TV somewhere I don't
know I kind of I've always wanted to
come for a while and every time I come
here like we've been trying to do this
for a long time I remember when you
started off you're like you should do it
yeah that was in town for like a week
and nothing ever lined up ever yeah yeah
so I was like come for a month or two I
have a visa for tour anyway one of them
and yeah abused that and stay here for a
while and hang out with friends for a
longer period of time and then it was
supposed to be until August and then
tour leaves in August and I was gonna go
back afterwards and then my visa got
extended so I can technically stay here
a lot longer so nice why not I don't
need to be back home and Brighton for
anything anytime soon
just hang out here and do cool stuff but
you know you were I mean you've been
talking a lot about being burned out and
taking a break from you yeah is that
kind of is coming out to LA almost like
therapeutic kind of get away from the
life back there yeah which was weird cuz
I said that I needed a break and I was
getting burned out and I just needed to
figure out what I wanted to do what it
was like Ellie is not the place to go
find yourself I disagree by the way
really
I feel like Ellie gets a bad rep yeah
Ellis is a huge metropolis one of the
biggest I mean per square you know miles
it's enormous
there's so many different communities in
different you can be and do whatever you
want here I why everyone has such a bad
perception of LA well anyway so but I
mean you are in a sense kind of I mean
you out here kind of just trying to
figure things out or is it more just you
know coincidental yeah what bit of both
yeah I was I've just got really
miserable doing the types of videos I
was doing after a while it's like a
whole month where I was like this is
crap yeah like I'm uploading [ __ ] just
for the sake of uploading and I was so
stringent on my schedule and I was so
proud of that schedule I was like I
don't want to break that well your fans
could they tell yeah so that was what
made me do it cuz they they started
being able to see it and I was like well
if I'm not enjoying it you're not
enjoying it what kind of comments would
they say where you're like oh [ __ ] like
maybe just like I didn't seem happy I
don't have the energy I normally had I
look sad I looked tired which I fully
agreed with I was and then it just came
to a point I was like okay yeah I need
tip and I was coming here anyway so I
was like okay Oh on the way to LA I'll
just take a week off I've never ever
taken any time off YouTube in the five
years I've been doing it so I was like
ok full break no YouTube no Twitter no
tumblr no Instagram no none of that
right and I decided to just spend a week
on my own and it was great
got here hung out with friends
completely changed my mind again yeah
you're feeling better
Oh 100% I'm completely 180 done where I
was you feeling like motivated to but
are you are you afraid like if you get
back into it you almost fall back into
it cuz that was my problem was like I've
been through that same exactly I mean I
don't have a crazy upload schedule like
you were I mean you were doing two
videos the day for a long time five
years but then you want you started
doing one
a day and recently uh yeah well whenever
I'd have to go out and tour or something
I okay I bump it down but it was still
like still we're still worrying I
remember seeing you in New York
mmm cups couple years ago a 16 year it
was a long-ass time ago and and you and
Felix and Mark were there yeah
and I was like you're like oh yeah we
all made videos and we're ahead of time
and they're all scheduled to upload I
was like what I mean that's just [ __ ]
that's just twisted like there's
something [ __ ] up about this job in
particular yeah right I mean to be fair
my stuff is a lot easier to do than the
ones you did yeah but still let's I mean
you're still making two videos a day
okay again and you're still under the
same expectation your fans have
expectation you're the expectation of
yourself I mean our approach is
different but the consumption of time
and expectation is the same yeah I think
that's fair but like this job seems
particularly [ __ ] up yeah right like
what is it about because everyone's
talking about this thing of like burnout
right youtuber burnout yeah it's really
big right now everyone so we're we
haven't posted video we're ending on
yeah we're in the middle of burnout I
would say bro I'm fully burnt out like
there's no wax left in the camera I'm
new camera I'm taking out a new candle I
don't know what's that Kendall smell
like lavender jasmine no
lavenders flowing yeah I need a new
essence what's going on why why is being
a youtuber so [ __ ] up
we're all Psychopaths I don't know
really I think it's good well you
started because you love it and then it
becomes your job and then you have an
audience and people to take care of and
you want to do the best you can and it's
just a platform and a job that you
you're not really allowed take time well
allow it you can do whatever the [ __ ]
you want right but it's just not in your
best interest to do it and no one's you
don't you're your own boss you make your
own hours you make your own schedules
and that's the curse I think yeah and
now it's just YouTube's just in such a
weird place anyway with all the [ __ ]
that's been happening over the last year
or two years and now they're trying to
diversify their revenue
streams and everything so everyone just
feels like on that treadmill more than
ever I think right and then it's just
coming to a head and then one person
talks about it what spurns another
person to talk about and then ten other
people start talking about it yeah I
know everyone's able to talk about I
think part of the problems I think
everything you said is exactly right
isn't like when you're your own boss and
when you're involved is something as I
mean I want to say talk super that's not
specific it's just so like you're on the
treadmill you're on there in the hamster
wheel and it's just like you got to keep
the Machine rolling and the mentalities
on YouTube have changed a lot over the
years like three years ago the gaming
scene was all collaborative all the time
it was in your best interest to collab
with people and like beauty gurus and
everybody would be doing it and now no
one doesn't because everyone's afraid of
stepping on each other's toes everyone
wants to insulate their own brand and
build it as far as they can and
everything it's very our self involved
so one thing I was gonna say is that I
think now it's more competitive hmm cuz
bat-like I mean if you ask average
ten-year-old what their dream job is
everyone wants to be a youtuber yeah and
it's like so competitive and it's so
hard to become to you know earn a living
on YouTube I'm a big youtuber that I
think that's part of what's so toxic
yeah about what it's becoming you're
definitely right I mean it's just not
and we can all see each other's we can
see what each other makes but if you
make a certain amount of views like
somebody else you kind of know what
everybody's making so every youtuber
kind of knows but if your subs you can
see your views you can see your like
yeah how interested people are the
comments are everybody's just like well
mine's better than yours
mm-hm and then if your yours isn't
better than then then you do some weird
[ __ ] to try and get it to be better than
somebody else it's a lot of like it's
not it's not friendly rivalry anymore I
don't think there's no case if somebody
uploads something you think it's cool so
you like want to do better now it's a
case of like I can [ __ ] do better
than that and you try and [ __ ] all over
somebody else that's that that's what I
feel like YouTube at large is now
everyone's trying to be better than each
other in that way I guess whatever came
became popular you're like I swear I
feel like I in some way had played a
role now I do though because like I feel
like when we first started coming up
popular on YouTube it was from reaction
videos
and like [ __ ] on people just like I
mean you know choose your target wisely
but like you you bait I mean our early
videos were just really [ __ ] on
people I mean and I think that all we
did commemorate what people - no I know
but like I don't I'm not gonna say that
I'm like holy responsible for like this
trend of like commentary channels which
are basically just solely almost talking
[ __ ] another creator yeah
but like it's definitely a fad that came
up around the time we started doing it
yeah well we helped popularize it I can
say that well that's what I'm saying
like you guys start it off and you
whatever way you perceive it but you've
picked your targets properly you pick
people that you felt like were valid in
criticism you're not [ __ ] on someone
that's just the entertainment factor of
it it's like it's a bit more embellished
and it would be but then like I said
somebody else sees that and they want to
do something better and they want to do
something crazier and get more views
than you so then they end up just
[ __ ] on people yeah and then it
becomes a thing it's like like like
there's like see I see this a lot where
it's just really popular content on
YouTube right now is like it's easy to
[ __ ] on someone who's being you know
being creative mm-hmm and maybe it's not
your style maybe it's not a video like
and so it's so it's so easy and people
do this and people love watching it of
being like this person's not funny yeah
and it's like well they're making
something original and you're just
[ __ ] [ __ ] on them for that yeah I
don't know maybe I'm just my mentality
is changing but I see that a lot on
YouTube and it's like you the people who
are trying to be creative actually put
themselves out there it's so scary to
put yourself out there on YouTube these
days and be authentic and try to be
creative in the original because there's
so many [ __ ] and there's so many people
waiting to just eat you alive yeah as
that you're not doing anything wrong you
might be unfunny in my opinion but like
what do I have to fleece you're trying
yeah I'm gonna [ __ ] on you for being
unfunny yeah cuz the YouTube audiences
have just changed now it's like they all
do that now
it's very rare to have a community where
everyone's actually positive all the
time because right you're not you're not
an up-and-comer anymore it's not a new
job to do anymore you're not like the
underdog anymore everywhere there's more
money involved in YouTube now than there
ever husband and I think the audience
were very keenly
we're of that and that they want to poke
at people because they feel like it's
easier to do it's like well they have
money it doesn't matter if I say this
[ __ ] to them yeah well we're still
people at the end of the day so I have I
mean that's definitely a big part of it
I think yeah
it's just a whole bunch of building
blocks that makes a difference to on the
burn out because yeah you everybody even
the people who talk [ __ ] on say like oh
this one's not funny that's all their
videos they're gonna be more stressed
out because they're afraid that their
[ __ ] coat they're you know colleagues
are gonna call them out for [ __ ] up
and everybody's walking on eggshells
yeah because it's just like a giant mud
slinging contest these days on yeah I
mean we went through a huge varied of
like drama and community and reactions
and everything like that circle just
went around and around for like a whole
year yeah and then I think that just
fundamentally changed everything after
that row it's like communist Russia get
dragged down as the middle of the night
it's human nature everyone wants to take
down somebody else everyone wants to
find the thing it's like I'm positive
and energetic all the time but so people
think I have like some weird seedy
underbelly like I have like a weird pedo
ring or something that I'm keeping
secret that they're like somebody's
waiting to find it out well that would
explain why you're so energetic and
happy yes that's why I played happy
wheels all those years whatever everyone
just [ __ ] waiting to find that thing
about yeah I mean you get [ __ ] on
YouTube right I mean a lot of I think
people love or hate you right would you
agree with that yeah why do people like
what is it do you think that people hate
about you I don't know it's cuz it's
whenever you watch my content I'm
obviously very boisterous and very loud
and very energetic but some people
either see that as genuine interests and
energy and enthusiasm but to another
person it's completely obnoxious and
that's like I completely understand that
there's if I watched it I'd probably
have some sort of like thought process
going on it is very yeah I mean I don't
I don't hate anybody who doesn't like
what I do was fine does the hate bother
you does ever get to you it used to
because I I'm personally once it's like
make sure everybody's okay everyone's
having a good time and I just wanted
everybody to like have fun and then when
somebody doesn't have fun you feel like
it's your responsibility to make them
have
at this point I'm like okay you can't
win everybody yeah I'll just be happy I
mean there's still 20 million people on
the channel that's a very very much yeah
you can't really say [ __ ] at certain
point when you have 20 million
subscribers yeah I'm not any sort of
like egotistical way but it's like
clearly I've done something wrong some
people have exactly some an
understatement yes I was like how feed
into that positive aspect of the
community rather than worrying about
what everybody else is going to say do
you ever feel like you don't get enough
credit in a way and let me let me
explain because a lot of times like
people like you and Mark computed by who
play people would say oh you just play
video games and and you're so and you
have so many so much you make so much
money and you have so many people who
love you and watch you all you do is
play video games but clearly there's
some more going on that you feel like
you don't get enough credit when people
say that to you yeah I'd say so I'd say
that's fair because it's what are they
missing it's it's the whole aspect
outside of what you record yeah like
recording a game sure day after day
that's an easy kind of thing to do you
sit down you turn on the camera you
record but you have to find the games
you have to find stuff that people want
to see when it's daily everything like
fluctuates so much and you have to like
be always kind of there for your
audience and I'm very heavily involved
in my audience and interacting with them
so it's like after the video goes up
it's like well now I'm on social media
and I'm interacting with people and I'm
making sure everyone's okay and I'm
reblogging fanart I'm like tweeting out
at people and everything so it's it's a
whole lot more than just sitting down
recording the video and you see a 20
minute video like when I was recording I
was it's obnoticus it was like like
