welcome everybody I got a little ditty
here in my heart today to the h3 podcast
live live only on twitch TV for slash
h3h3 productions today's episode is
sponsored by movement naturebox me
undies and of course twitch prime
subscribers like you today we have the
legendary totalbiscuit
and of course for all my ela Kleiner's
out there the only and original hula
kleiner next week I'm excited that we
have dr. disrespect here with us if you
don't know who that is he's a really
cool twitch streamer who's really
captured my attention he's a pro gamer
but he's just super entertaining
interesting guy so that should be a lot
of fun the week after that I am excited
we have Jordan Peterson right the week
after that if you guys don't who Jordan
Peterson Peterson is he is a like a
psychologist something but he's this
caller he's a scholar a really smart guy
if you guys want to know the schedule
for upcoming episodes go to our new
Twitter account at the h3 podcast and
we're gonna be posting our live
schedules there and and upcoming guests
if you guys have questions for dr.
disrespect we'll put a thread up on the
subreddit so you can put them there we
forgot that today and okay let's
introduce our guest totalbiscuit a
prolific video game critic host
commentator and legend in the video game
world he is the host of the popular
podcast dqo optional podcast on his
youtube channel and on twitch here
totalbiscuit the cynical brit i've been
a fan of this guy for a long long time
ever before I ever even made a video on
YouTube I was watching I was playing I
was obsessed with Starcraft 2 and that
was how I found out about him because he
was a shoutcaster back then those were
those were
ARC days for me as ela recalls masters
consumed my whole life but we'll talk
about that when the man himself joins us
so please if you would welcome
totalbiscuit to the podcast have a seat
god bless you thank you thanks for
joining us this is how it's supposed to
be done isn't it we want to lay down on
the couch we've got like a little there
now I know what happens in Hollywood
we're working on pitching a show and I'm
wondering I have not raped enough people
I mean so far I'm at zero right well I
mean this is oh it's a good number to be
at I'm just thinking I don't know some
more though you it's kind of thing you
need to get started on earlier okay I'm
behind I got a lot of people in
Hollywood that are just way ahead of the
curve when it comes to that absolutely
yeah actually let's just talk about that
sure why not nice and easy
yeah why does everybody rape everybody
else well you know it's a good question
well I wasn't uh raped what is it rape
what's ready what's the deal well I
wasn't almost kind of surprised but it
seems like this Harvey Weinstein thing
has really brought out a lot of dirt
right it really does like it seems like
God knows how long this has been going
on for and people calling on an open
secret but how much of an open secret
can it possibly be if this is what it
took to get people to really talk about
it it's like this is obviously been
going on for a long long goddamn time
he's been at it for decades now sounds
yeah I can't be the only one it's it's
it's completely blown my mind as I've
seen the list of women and not just like
secretaries and colleagues but like a
list the biggest celebrities female
celebrities in the world are like this
guy sexually harass me I was like oh my
god one you can never think of right
what's our lean ahead Lisa
recently about it like good lord that's
it's ridiculous and you know you even
see people like Terry Crews coming out
and saying look you know this is a
culture of this in Hollywood and it
applies to women and to men it's yeah
that's the weird one yeah I started that
Quentin Tarantino said I knew enough to
do something about it and I should have
done something and he's like that's what
a lot of people are saying noted on
something about it's like yeah and I
have to wonder like why didn't you I can
get why an aspiring actor or quest were
supposedly with him yeah a lot of stuff
it's in a way though and in a way it's
like it's refreshing I know he [ __ ] up
right but it's refreshing to see someone
being honest about like I should have
done you up yeah exactly
nobody's saying that that is that way it
shows that it's actually a [ __ ] up
situation they're like more than you
think because people know about it and
let it happen
yeah they did and you can understand it
when it comes to an aspiring actor who's
like look this is how it is this is what
I need to do to rise in the industry but
you're looking at people like Tarantino
you know the kind of people who should
be basically untouchable
yes who were in a position to do
something about it didn't you know you
got the whole whole jumps yeah that they
really are you know that complicit by
the silence if you have a if you're like
good friend and colleague is you seeing
them every once in a while like you know
acting inappropriately it's like at what
point do be like intervene it's it's a
sticky thing I think most people didn't
understand the depth of it too because I
heard anecdotes of women being like him
saying don't tell your manager
don't tell your agent don't tell anyone
about this that's like holy [ __ ] it's
great yeah some good certified rape yeah
a lot of thoughts what do you think do
you think that the power of the position
made him more rapey or do you think the
position is what he was already a rapey
guy and the position of power is what
attracted him to go there that's got
it's hard to say in it you know there's
all idea absolute power corrupts
absolutely but there's got to be
something wrong with you at some point
you know because there's got to be
plenty of people that do not do that I'd
like to say so you think like the
thinking out
of faith in humanity left by I hope so
sure you'd like to think that there are
not people that do that despite having a
position to be able to do that yeah so
you know it sounds like a guy was a
piece of [ __ ] and if once you go into a
position where he could be a piece of
[ __ ] to more people yeah and then have
other people cover his ass which is in
itself even more disgusting the fact
that he could do it for so long and so
consistently and just think that he was
gonna get away with it it's pretty
incredible well I mean for how long did
he did yeah you know he pretty much did
the culture of Hollywood enable them to
do it when you go to the UK and this
[ __ ] is one of the most disturbing the
story of Jimmy Savile Oh God who was on
face value the creepiest looking person
alive dude for an ounce he like Samuel
anoints Sabol I've said that I heard it
recently
yeah definitely jimmy savile but I mean
we all grew up knowing that guy cuz he
was on our TVs where he's creeped out by
him as a kid or did that a little bit
there's always something a little bit
off about it I mean I'm gonna pull up a
picture for those of you don't know but
this guy
well you this guy was a child
entertainer beloved by the whole country
yep and basically immediately I mean
look at this guy [ __ ] kids you know
he's beaten raped a twelve-year-old girl
during a secret satanic ritual now this
is a guy that o wore less little red
spectacles and had a giant cigar in his
mouth like it was a larger-than-life
children's entertainer and apparently he
did that and he also chanted hails that
bear might this is on the Express that's
not a tabloid like that's a real
newspaper in the UK that's something
well respected telling Jimmy Savile was
involved in a satanic child oh dear oh
dream stone that was really disturbing
it was fun while it lasted that's so
anyway as soon as this guy passed away
apparently all the sudden I was like oh
yeah that was the most evil man alive
but he never he never had no one who got
his whole life ya know what no one ever
about this
he's untouchable goddamn untouchable
yeah I was in the era of you know kids
that grew up watching that guy and we'd
never considered that apparently we're
all really bad judge as a character yeah
oh well so I want to start by talking to
you about
well I found you through my love of
Starcraft 2 and I love that you're
wearing the Starcraft 2 hat yeah there's
gonna be some one that continues to
represent that game cuz nobody else does
well I stopped watching a long long time
ago I mean I must have stopped playing
or watching it nearly it must have been
three or four years ago yeah
Elite or before we even got married so
must've been over five years ago but I
found you through my love for that game
and it's just really surreal to be
sitting with you now because I was
making videos or I was not worried yeah
you in the grand scheme of YouTube you
started relatively recently yeah there
are youtubers in the world yeah kind of
that's kind of true yeah but now I just
want to because I had kind of a falling
out with Starcraft yeah and a lot of
people did at some point I'm just
wondering like do you think that that
game was the rightful successor to brood
war and Warcraft 3 and the large like
the legacy that Blizzard had built with
like strategy competitive RTS games I
mean I think it was but I think like
Starcraft 2 is very much a 2010 game in
2017 it's the kind of thing that if they
took another look at it and took another
swing at it they probably would not have
made the game they did you know but back
then that was absolutely the right game
to make and if you go back to a brood
war in particular and you can try that
now with the remastered version you can
see how goddamn hard that game is it's
impossible basically the possible play
well and a lot of people are fond
memories of Warcraft 3 but they probably
have fond memories of the campaign
customs and playing dota and win them
all and tower defense they don't have
fond memories of playing competitive one
versus one you know and if they did
they'd know that that game was just as
hard right
oh it's it's about making a game that
has like seemingly infinite depth and
then trying to get people to continue to
play something like that in 2017 that's
really hard to do
I mean dota and lawl are still really
hard games right but they're the barrier
to entry is kind of a lot lower you just
gotta control one dude yeah make him do
a few different things you know the
whole freaking army I mean right someone
describes Starcraft recently is I think
you're the commander but you're also the
troop trainer the logistician the guy
who orders the ration packs the guy who
orders the spare underwear for the
soldiers like your everything you're
micromanaging every tiny little part of
everything in that game
and it's too much for the vast majority
of people and I don't blame people in
the slightest for that interestingly I
found Starcraft 2 to be the probably the
best spectator experience I ever had
from a he support particularly good for
that's like people maybe you've never
watched it before I think that it's a
really complicated thing but I was
liking it too this idea of kind of
watching a sports game like a field game
like football from up above right you
know you might not know what damn thing
about football but you know if that team
is on the other team side and has the
ball they're probably doing pretty damn
well right I think that's very similar
with Starcraft neither you red guy and
you blue guy you blue guys got a big
army and red guys territory and stuffs
exploding yeah you know he's probably
doing pretty well I think that's
actually surprisingly easy to understand
and then you throw a couple of good
broadcast yeah Broadcasting's scene was
great yeah it still is for the guys who
are still around you know a lot of
people went and did other things but
we've got some old-school guys who are
just very very good at their jobs you
know so is it I wonder is it the fate of
every eSport to eventually fizzle out
and be replaced by something else so
will there ever be a game that has this
long-standing stature of one of these
classic world sports I don't think it's
ever gonna happen right like there's too
many games that follow trends there's if
you look at you know the way puppy works
right now right and a huge swell of
interest in pub G and its battle royale
games they think right well there's
gonna be an eSports scene about this cuz
it's two pi even if it's a weird thing
to make an eSports game over it's too
popular too
it was like Hoth snow it's like possums
garbage for eSports it's it's like
flipping a coin and but so many people
want to watch it anyway that they made
scene out of it do you think games like
that harm though like the the overall
goal of eSports I don't think so like I
think you can watch anything
competitively as long as you having fun
watching it and people having fun
playing it then it's totally fine when
you think about eSports you think of
like everything right yeah how do you
ladies get it to be taken more seriously
I mean I think it already is
like like with overwatch League twenty
million dollar buy-in and the people
have actually bought into it from the
NFL from the NBA stuff just happened
with League few days ago where a bunch
of popular teams got kicked out because
they all agreed to do franchising for
the LCS which is the big league of
Legends League and those guys from the
NFL and the NBA buying in with millions
and millions of dollars they're taking
this stuff seriously
and even if you've got a bunch of games
that do that like it's almost you know
just like real sports you've got your
big sports and then you've got stuff
that maybe a hundred people Jewish yeah
and that's the sport and some people
still enjoy them and yeah you know four
hundred people watch Starcraft in five
years then 100 people watch soccer after
five years blush sure they're still
having fun with it right you can make a
competitive scene out of pretty much
anything you just could have people
passionate you know after the older age
of empires guys there's no French that's
incredible yeah let's still play oh that
stuff still happens I think it will be
like he'll be around forever but as to
how viable it remains as an eSport it's
gonna be depending on how much how long
the money keeps flowing in you know once
that stops then it becomes an amateur
sport because there's nothing that keeps
sure people playing full-time so do you
think that he supports are headed
generally in the right direction and
like where would you see it in the next
10 years going
I mean it's frankly the way he sports
going right now scaring the [ __ ] out of
me like especially with the with with
the LCS thing of the last few days you
know can you explain that so I've been
out of the league scene for like a few
years so it's gonna be a real layman's
explanation so if people no doubt point
out that I'm wrong on a few things but
the basic level of it is that for LCS
that a bunch of teams in there commute
what is that else something else yes of
the Maine League of Legends League right
where think the League of Legends
Championship Series like and they've got
a big world event which is going
right now we look at world champion okay
where all the teams from the different
regional LCS get together and America
losers in career wins yeah yeah but in
the case of LCS they agreed to do
franchising and a bunch of popular teams
just lost their position in the league
and a bunch of guys just came in and it
was based on decisions other than how
good they were it was based on like how
financially solvent the organization was
like guys coming from the NBA that big
money it was right there game developers
made that decision so there's a team
called immortals that has really you
know they were very successful they were
doing really well in the LCS they were
winning a lot of games they just lost
their position in the league because
apparently they have put a ton of money
into this new overwatch League which by
all accounts is a twenty million dollar
buy-in like its massive and Riot was
concerned that the immortals team is
based out of LA riot is also based out
of LA and they have a lot of investments
into overwatch and they're thinking well
we don't know exactly why they weren't
allowed into the league but there might
be concerns that they've spent too much
money somewhere like that's all fake
they see them as like investing in a
competitor they could there's been some
speculation about that because because
of their like an owl with stupid name
overwatch League they're like the team's
are not going to be named like immortals
they're going to be named after the city
they're based in and the franchise they
bought right so this is the LA franchise
for it so riots based in LA there might
be a bit uncomfortable about that but
they might also be uncomfortable about
the idea that they've just spent a bunch
of venture capital and they might not
make it back so they're thinking about
the financial solvency of this team and
the like well what if a team in our LCS
goes and solvent that's really shitty
for the LCS and if you look at that it's
like this is big businessmen and big
money taking over what was very much a
grassroots thing right and has been a
grassroots thing really up until the
last couple of years so is that is that
a good is that a natural is that a good
direction because if you look like a
tell you look at chase ball you look at
basketball whatever this is like I was
what I was watching a news report or
listening to something about like how
Americans spend their money I mean
Sports is like by the sports industry is
huge it's absolutely enormous money
right so in a way it's natural maybe
good I don't know it could be good you
know it's that money might bring
stability it's hopefully gonna bring
some mainstream recognition it's gonna
bring facilities stadiums hopefully
we'll also see a lot of the shady [ __ ]
that's been happening in these sports
last ten years disappear as a result of
pros coming in what kind of shady [ __ ]
yeah that's like the spiciest to come to
my for people who are listening who
don't know anything about eSports like I
think it's interesting just to get in
because everybody sense how sports work
kind of different and weird so much if
this the small stuff like players not
getting paid by their teams all the way
up to [ __ ] like there was a literal fake
tournament I think it was in Malaysia
for the pp SL guys love this event and
then got mugged and had their passports
right yes Oh Starcraft this happen with
Counter Strike and everything as well
and a lot of this is because these
organizations run by the scam artists
amateurs you know they're jumping tons
of Starcraft players they were brought
on two teams that just you know the guy
just disappeared I don't know I think I
can't remember the name of the
organization but there was a guy who
just vanished overnight like guy that
player was asking where's our money
where's our money he disappeared and
