welcome everybody to the h3 podcasts
alive today's episode is sponsored by me
on DS hems and twitch sub subscribers
just like you you can subscribe for free
by connecting your Prime and twitch
account thanks we both have me undies on
right now let's see I need proof they
get diggin if you need goals if you
don't if you need more than Horseman
than that I don't know they're the
greatest minor please hold on money you
got on right now or you mean the pair
that you go join me that I would be
loved to be wearing right now are in the
wash nope based on what the pattern like
you have a certain pattern that you like
I like the doughnut and milk one or that
not donut milk its cereal milk they're
always releasing new designs
what's gonna find it so what I use in
order to end up all right guys what
makes it underpants dirty does create a
pattern smell they might work back from
that there's many criteria um anyway
next week's guest is the prolific shane
dawson please post your questions for
him on the subreddit those are very
helpful I just want to say I love you
guys when you go there and share your
opinions it's really helpful so thank
you everyone who participated
about two days guess obviously you've
guessed because there's been banter
already I am very hyped and pleased to
introduce these the great and amazing
rhett and Link who I have to say are a
huge inspiration of why I think we
became youtubers to begin with was
watching you guys stuff I tell a salute
Lee I understand that I wasn't supposed
to talk earlier about the underwear so
now I don't know if I can talk now good
when you throw out a big compliment the
gate is open
you're supposed to smile gently okay I
just might I'm sorry I didn't you
thought was gonna compliment you guys
more right because if the compliments
are still kind yeah you're not done
okay keep going sorry gonna say the
multi-talented song-and-dance bent the
triple-threat you must do well there's
two of us we each have one and a half
well when we had our third member of our
trio who was unfortunately wait that's
mauled triple means a three-man act I
thought it meant like this song maybe by
extending it you it would land yeah I
was trying to save you
well anyway good evening god bless
Tripathi
we don't really dance well well you know
what I guess we do you guys put your
mind yeah you would be straight-up
dancing in the rain I could see you with
an umbrella tap-dancing your way I'm
telling you the triple threat challenge
accepted
yeah it's 7:00 p.m. this is not our
usual time oh I can imagine it's been a
long day for you guys your schedule must
be insane how was your day Thursday is
our work late night so thanks for
accommodating us of course to make this
happen
yeah absolutely and we typically record
our own podcast in the in the in the
late night but instead we're on this one
so more people are gonna listen buns are
very similar so we feel very at home
yeah yeah so thank you for making it's
been a long day though so tell me about
your day what do you guys do today uh
well right now Monday through Thursday
we're shooting GMM so because there's
four videos coming out a day now I
thought it was three it's three good
mythical morning and then there's one
good mythical more that extra yeah so
there's two episodes on Monday one
episode on Tuesday want opposite on
Wednesday and then it Thursdays a
two-episode day but we also do like
we're doing things that just isn't just
us at the desk now so we shot a music
video today on a couple of segments
there's no dancing it's actually almost
like an anti dance
music video where all the dancing is
creating an impost I'm actually not
joking I started to dance at one point
and you're not they told me that I had
to be still beam to a you were right
about the dances we're going to make you
active in post right yeah we were all
the way over here we were just talking
about the first thing we shot this
morning which was with this girl who's a
contortionist and a youtuber as well
Sophie da si is her name
she'll be on upcoming yeah she'll be on
an upcoming episode of good mythical
morning but it's what right now we're in
those days where I'm like that was today
right you know what I mean
oh yeah I don't know if that's a good
thing it's intense it's an intense a lot
of different things there's just a lot
of different we've kind of got into this
habit of just kind of showing up at the
next thing and executing it and then
moving on to the next thing that may be
very different than the thing that was
right before it so you guys are at the
point kind of where you just show up how
involved because now this show has
become something new right so yeah
that's formed recently I mean it's at a
certain point we had to get somebody
else to be in charge of our schedule so
we just said what the parameters were
okay right for the sake of our families
we only want to work this amount of time
and so our only late-night is a Thursday
night and you know then you guys get
jerked around in order to try to you
know accommodate that stirred around but
that's how it for the triple threats no
yeah but it's at any point on any given
day we're worth we're thinking of or
responding to new ideas and just saying
okay yes to this idea no to this idea
shaping this idea and then prepping
other episodes they all said yes to it
that would it would be easier if we were
just showing up but yeah we're still
very much involved in the creative
process and we have a great team of
writers and we're not coming up with
they're coming up with a majority of the
initial ideas but like right before we
came here like the last thing we did
after we shot the music videos we had
like an hour-long meeting with our team
that does all our field shoots so stuff
outside so like
the wind Baker stuff that ready with you
there's that's a different team that
handles that so a different director and
then there's riders assigned to that so
we have a meeting where they kind of
pitch us what they're thinking and then
we change it or update it or give the
thumbs up I mean it used to be and then
where we're stepping into the thing that
we're shooting so when we step into the
thing we're shooting we're accessing
when we prepped it the day or a few days
before and then maybe a few weeks a week
or two before when we said yes we want
to do it so it's a little all removed
from the concepts actually being in yeah
you got to react cess it and say okay
this is this is why I was excited about
this interesting and this is what's
missing that I was excited about that I
have to interject the last second or not
whatever the case may be and it because
yeah it's it's funny we the the
conversation continued between the two
of us earlier and it was like yeah we we
used to work on something we developed
something we'd really believed in it a
video and then we'd work on it all the
way through and then we'd start the next
the next one's like chronological yeah
very linear yeah and I mean because good
mythical morning is so it's so formatted
and it you know it allowed us to hire
people who couldn't make us make it into
a system that then we kids you know not
do everything you step in the desert
yeah but it gets a little crazy
sure next week we're not shooting
anything so we do have every five weeks
we have a dark week so that's six thank
word for you guys man what we're gonna
do though is we're gonna go the two of
us are gonna leave town we're gonna go
someplace and we're gonna come up with
something else to create so really
because we well yeah it's not a vacation
we're still you just escape in yeah well
getting out of the grind of GMM so I
mean cuz we've always had something else
going on at the same time as a good
mythical morning but when it kind of
exponentially increased in November
we had to get a lot smarter about our
time to do those other things so you
guys are involved in like a high level
high high level stuff the concepts
yeah development you think that that I
think that's probably necessary for you
guys to have the time to do other stuff
like what you're describing I mean we
only did so the first two years of GMM
was you know between yes probably ninety
percent us and then starting like the
fourth season or so is when we brought
in Stevie our producer right and she had
some we were just going off of instinct
all along we had no production
experience at all she came in with some
production experience was like
if you guys want to do anything else or
you you want to we need to make this
into more of a system with efficiencies
and we need to hire the right people
interested in and at that point we
started like that was when we made the
transition so this probably 2014 was
probably the first time we started
actually having episodes would go alive
and we hadn't even watched them said
like four years ago or whatever that was
a big transition for us was like oh now
we're putting stuff up that we don't
even watch we were there when we made it
we were there putting in just because
it's you're producing too much or what
yeah because we were doing other things
it was like okay what things are we
gonna let go of so like the process is
you let go of the editing first right so
that's like even for us that was
difficult so that was like 2012 probably
letting go of the editing how did you do
that by the way how did you eventually
come out I like overcome that hurdle cuz
it's so personal
well I mean we were Jason was a guy and
we were over his shoulder like literally
I mean it is if you look at the card
table where we shot the first
incarnation of good mythical morning
right behind the card table were our two
desks push them together like just and
just to the right right out of frame was
his desk like when we were shooting the
show if if I went like this I could have
I could have easily picked it
occasionally it did happen occasionally
just keeping - yeah come on just get a
little prize right dig deep for a little
prize that's my point
well I was I was over his shoulder yeah
I mean it's it's easier again when it I
mean when it's a format like that you
can start to develop and you can you can
nitpick everything and inside and so
next time do that but it wasn't until we
found somebody who in Stevie that it was
like oh this final product that she just
oversaw is almost exactly what we would
have that's great maybe a little
different but it was just as good it was
so it was like good enough yeah cuz I
totally just as good maybe a little
different but in this in some specialist
there yeah but it was there because if
that wasn't the case then we would have
never let go and I know there's a lot of
youtubers that never let go it's hard I
feel like do you guys feel like you were
lucky to find some of that great
extremely I was kind of the catalyst
right for for doing Rancher extremely
lucky because we interviewed a couple
people and she seemed to be like she was
the smartest person that we interviewed
you know that was the thing that we were
like this person's got to be smart we're
not gonna have a lot of patience with
somebody who's not and she just very
quickly demonstrated that she was more
than just a producer she was a creative
partner so um yeah I think that's the
key because people are so and it's very
difficult to find find those people that
you can trust sure but if you can then
you can I mean we would have never done
you know the book or the tour buddy
system or any of that stuff without
being able to step out of you know a
daily show that just takes people are
like oh it's just come it's just 15
minutes a day what do you do the rest of
your time yeah you guys know that it's
it's more than you know me and Neela
tried for a month about a year or two
years ago to make a video every day we
did it for 30 days and we almost got a
divorce
hate it but every daily vlogs do and he
was only eyes like no no help was it
were they blocked no no basically good
mythical morning ripoff it is
inspiration right but obviously without
the production value and without looking
good and being good now listen it was
like a hybrid of like PewDiePie good
mythical morning we were sitting at a
desk right it was an interesting
experiment you know I just wanted to see
what it was like and it was miserable
where he was well you probably I mean
we've met you we've done a lot of stuff
that hasn't worked but you it always
works to teach you a lesson you learned
something from it and at that you almost
always leads to something else it was a
huge formative really important actually
I do really like some of those videos
that we made so it's interesting I don't
know we suffered but we we don't you
don't have to be a lot of people are
paralyzed because they're like I don't
know if this is gonna work though you
gotta quit asking that question because
it probably won't most of us huh yeah
yeah you know do you guys have you guys
have like a golden age you guys been
making content for so long I feel like
we have a golden age like when we look
back at the videos we made when we were
living in Israel uh-huh by the time we
discovered you guys we were just coming
up I just saw your like deprivation tank
video and I was like this is awesome
that's the first video I saw of yours
guys and I don't know I don't know what
there was just like a Wild West vibe
like I can never make those videos now
because they were awful quality there
was [ __ ] he produced they were just
awful but looking back with a certain
charm I guess yeah you guys feel like
you have a golden age of some sort III I
have in my mind well when we were making
our local commercials right mm-hm and we
made the first couple I mean there was
like oh nine maybe yes we made like red
house furniture which like went reeve
iral a couple of weeks ago yeah let's
stretch this so funny so weird 16 years
old YouTube does this thing where
they'll just put like your first video
on everyone's home
Paige all the sudden really I mean not
your first but like they'll go way back
in your catalog right and back here's
this really embarrassing video that you
probably should have unlisted in our
case not your kids algorithm thinks
they're ready for it yeah Jodi
they've earned the right to go deep but
anyway as you were saying we were making
I remember we were making went to
Coleman Alabama and made what we ended
up titling on YouTube epic and honest
used trailer commercial but it was this
guy who had a business Coleman
liquidation he would repo trailers and
single-wide trailers and then he would
he would sell him off his lie so used
mobile homes right this is as bad as it
gets and his name was Robert Lee and we
would we would usually we would have
like a phone interview with the people
to see if they were commercial material
but once we found out his name was
Robert Lee and we talked to his
secretary he we can never get him on the
phone we could never get we could never
get to talk to him in any way but we
said we gotta go to this guy make a
commercial and I remember we were there
making the commercial and he didn't show
up for three hours and we were
documenting it behind the scenes we had
this idea that you know we're gonna
we're just gonna document to making this
commercial so people will believe how
real it is and how little we're actually
doing but we would show we're not
changing his name or anything like that
but it was just the two of us the two of
us would get on a plane with a camera
the camera and so we documented all the
interactions and then with the same
camera the next day after we gathered
all the Intel we shot the commercial so
I think we would set up a second camera
shooting us shooting the commercial yeah
we justify just to make more of a story
on our second Channel right it became
the good mythical morning chance yeah I
know yes okay so Robert Lee finally
shows up after literally waiting for him
for hours like with the camera in my lap
I wanted to capture the moment he walked
in and he you know he walks in and I'm
like scream let's start start filming
he's like
y'all the boys from the commercial and
he just like then for the next hour he
didn't shut up telling stories I'm like
ah this is great
next day we had him like with a chainsaw
cutting down cutting limbs off of trees
in order to get a mobile home out of
this person's yard and sell it the next
day and it was it was just it was crappy
man it was fun you had this guy Minoo
it's just us us trying to make this
thing happen
it's crazy idea just kind of you know
looking at each other while this guy's
got a chainsaw chopped off by this this
guy and then we went back to the hotel
that night and we got on the phone with
Joe Penna mysteryGuitarMan mm-hmm and so
we were we were pitching him on working
with us to make this make a video called
t-shirt war which was like eventually
that became like one of our biggest
viral videos at the time or whatever
around the same time stop-motion 10 or
so so it's so we were we were doing I
guess we were pretty busy I mean we were
doing yeah it sounds we were scrambling
doing both of those things that at once
but I just I remembered that moment when
it was we had shot that all day and then
we come back and we're talking to Jill
on the phone and just asking him to work
with us to make this you know
stop-motion t-shirt war thing and I
don't know that's just the first thing I
thought that that was when you know we
were just we just twist our brains
trying to come up with something that it
reminds me of lot yeah what of what we
consider our Golden Age in that way I
think it's about like just the
possibilities right yeah well and you
know there's a desperation thirsty just
thirsty kids but it's interesting
because and I'm sure you guys have the
same thing but when you have that era
that you kind of look back at well
there's a contingent of fans who look
back at that and just like they always
point to that
and they're like we're like that again
it will never be like well to never be
like that again but I do have this
theory that regardless of where this
goes and what this becomes for any of us
I do think that they'll probably be a
time we may be like I mean links here
well death will be completely white
mine will probably be at least halfway
there I think it stopped I think this is
you have a nice little thing going like
a storm Mystique thing going but I think
there is an appetite for that to do that
again right to be like let's just take a
camera to Alabama and see what happens
and so I do think that it kind of will
come full circle at some point my my
opinion is that whenever you try it it's
never the same it won't be the same and
I tried to like whenever you try to
rebuttal the magic right yeah but I
think that anyone anytime somebody finds
your channel or find something new
that's their golden era right like yeah
yeah back then whatever they fell in
