I get this story about the I don't know
when this was from but I follow this
woman who has this model alliance I
think because she was on up with Chris
I'm not sure how it's how she's in my
timeline but and apparently it
she started reprinting stuff about Terry
Richardson because I didn't I didn't
know anything I filed this and you had
mention it
who is Terry Richardson how did you come
to work with Terry Richardson well um
for time he was probably the most famous
fashion photographer in the world and he
also did other kinds of photography and
I first met him at a party for Suicide
Girls calm back in 2003 I believe all
right so before so Jamie meets this this
guy now wait what is Suicide Girls doc
what was that was that a website it was
and is a website it's sort of a social
network slash pinup alternative pinup
site okay it's very aughts very up
totally aughts I mean that's the thing
is that during the aughts I was already
in the teens and so I was a zoom past
that okay I didn't get in bed and pick
up on it apparently it was a big thing
and I didn't know about it all right so
so you meet this guy and he says like
you got a model for me yeah I mean he
took some pictures of me at the party
just looking cute or whatever and I was
like pretty stoked on all of it cuz I
was 19 I might have even been 18 at the
time of this party I gotta check the
date and he knew him at the time like
you were aware of his reputation no not
really
I was more into Suicide Girls than him
and so he says what he says come model
for me or yeah he had his assistant get
my information he travels around with
his assistant was that happening like it
was he at the party professionally
yeah yeah it was it was this like very
very y2k era thing in Williamsburg we're
in what's probably like a hotel
now but they had it set up so they were
doing some shooting in half of the
building it was in this warehouse and
they had a live feed so the people in
the party could watch it was very uh
that is so that it was very panopticon
the stereo yeah I don't want to get into
peaches all right and so so the so then
what happened
um well his assistant got in touch with
me and asked me to come to his studio
for a shoot and they were gonna paint me
with a signed print and I looked it up
and that was worth money and I had been
doing a little bit of naked internet
modeling here and there for a little
extra pocket change in college so I
thought it would be a cool thing to do
okay so you're going to and they're just
gonna pay you in in a print a sign print
is that common well I don't know right
I mean wait that's that's all right so
you go there and that deal well and it
sounds like a bad deal but I can also
understand like a 19 year old like I
mean I the III I think I drove a car
down and back from Florida for like 250
bucks and I thought I was as with the
richest guy in the world he's I
just got an incredible deal and I
believe Jackson $20 to eat during the
whole time I even had this one bag of
like I have an expense account for
coffee beans and I could get that for
like 12 bucks I'm gonna pop at the other
13 alright so so so you go there and
what happens is the assistant there how
does this work yeah I mean I should also
say that I looked him up a little bit
and and he was a legit photographer yeah
he was legit he was pretty well-known
not only legit very well-known right
look at that time it was cool he was in
with other cool people that I thought
were cool at the time like what brands
was he like vice right very heavily
associated with the vice of that time
period not so much anymore okay
so you go and what happens well this is
an excellent question because the way
I've been telling this story for years
and years I just found out is wrong
according to my original story I went
there to model for him twice and he only
got fresh the second time but a reporter
from New York magazine recently sent me
some pictures that proved he at least
got grabby with me in the first session
as well which is something I completely
blocked out of my memory wait a second
so why are there pictures of him being
grabby of you I don't understand cuz it
that's like that's his thing like I
didn't really realize this at the time
he puts himself in the pictures yeah
like this info was not publicly
available before I started talking about
it but yeah that's kind of his thing he
he invites young naive girls some of
them are fashion models some of them are
not to shoot in a studio and it's got
this aura of professionalism because his
assistants are standing around and just
kind of gets naked and tries to see what
he can get them to do on camera he gets
naked too
yeah a lot of the time sort of sounds
like few stories that came out about the
American Apparel guy actually they're
very similar similar story basically
same generation same mentality same as
the harassment story ok moths same look
same look so you do the first one and
you what what is do you remember what
your attitude must have been did you
block it out or was it like you just
assumed that this was normal and that
you've just got us this is what it takes
to be in this business or something is
that what you were trying to do be in
that business the modeling business no I
was never trying to be a fashion model
I'm five foot four I'm not delusional
okay I don't know what that parameters
are
but I was like a naked girl for hire I
did Suicide Girls I did some other stuff
and I assumed that this would help me
get more work and more money for my work
and so and so he they asked you back is
that it and as you get more creepy at
that one even more yeah yeah I mean just
to recap a little bit of the story what
did he ask me to do first and I also I
will say that he definitely benefited
from my naivete and that like 19 years
that's why you go after 19 yeah and that
19 year old belief that you're like
smart enough to navigate this world and
get what you want out of it without
having someone get one over on you which
I don't know if anyone possibly could be
right so anyway um let's see I asked to
keep my underwear on because I had my
period and he wanted to make tea with my
tampon and I was like you know and yeah
yeah and but the whole time he's got
this like really sort of ghoulishly
upbeat attitude like I love tampons oh
this is so much fun and everyone around
him is like oh yeah this is so fun
aren't you having so much fun and I'm
like yeah yeah so eat there are people
around yeah like are they are they
they're taking most of the pictures too
by the way
so wait a second how many people are
there and who are they there was this
one guy named Keiichi who was a Japanese
photographer I believe and this woman
named Leslie lesson who is a stylist and
her role in most of this seems to be to
make the girls feel safe and do damage
control afterwards and make sure that
they're not gonna make any trouble
so and have any of these people's like
spoken out after because you wrote about
this yeah and and then it's sort of all
like I mean I should I should finish the
story okay get to the main event which
is he's somehow he requested a
and
sieved a and to this day I don't
really know why I did that
and I felt really embarrassed about it
for a long time which is why I didn't
tell anyone for a really long time right
but in retrospect yeah there was
coercion involved he dropped a bunch of
names he and is this in front of
everybody in the the studio yeah yeah
and everyone's acting like this is so
cool and if you say no you're like you
hate fun you're like Ryan buzzkill Jesus
and this and so what happened so so how
many years later do you write about this
okay I was 19 when it happened and I was
25 when I wrote about it so six years
and so you were the first person to sort
of like expose this guy right yeah I
mean I had an inkling that it wasn't
just to me right like I figured he
probably did it with a lot of other
people both fashion models who were
directly uh coming to him for work and
randos like me who were coming across
him for various reasons so my friend
Jennifer was working at this woman's
site called the gloss and she wrote a
post about it after the model reread
mucin accused him of stuff she'd heard
secondhand and Jennifer I wrote a post
like well until an actual model comes
forward and says I felt bad about it
there's really nothing anyone can figure
out about it and I was like well come to
think of it this is an experience that I
had and like wow did she know that you
had a history with that guy no oh wow
she didn't and like I probably I didn't
think anyone was gonna care or I
probably would have tried to get more
money for this story or like a bigger
byline but I just I wanted to get it out
there for my life I had no idea that
anyone was gonna care and like a lot of
people didn't care at the time and so
after this was there like a flood of
stuff that came out what what what came
out
in the wake of this well not right away
at first it was just me and I was like
like I got it out like once I get an
idea in my head to do something I have
to do it or I feel bad inside so I
didn't even think that hard about it I
think I just did it and I'm one and in
one sense and I think you you reference
it in the piece that you're not a model
so I mean you're not in this you didn't
feel like you were in this business as
much now I don't have to worry about
like your career I guess yeah and people
have used that against me to say like
well you know why'd you do it if you
weren't trying to be fashion model but
like this is the only reason I've been
able to talk about it
why'd you do it if you weren't trying to
be effect so what if you were trying to
be a fashion model
what difference yeah well I guess the
argument is that his coercive power is
stronger over someone who's like a
non-infected to their agency
I don't it's it's weird it's
yeah well people have said a lot of
different things about it to me over the
years so so what so and then it started
coming out more and more years later
from other models yeah at first there
was really almost nobody backed me up at
the time one of the only people who did
was tavi Gevinson I think she was like
12 years old
oh geez yeah so you know good for her
and I was like oh like what did I
do
like I was freelancing for Vice at the
time and my relationship with Vice was
over for about five years after that and
I heard from people why why is that
friends and why would happen advice like
who where they were they was it people
were friends with him or something it
was a very different publication than it
is today right I'll just say and the
editor-in-chief was who was that good
friends with him
Jesse Pierson okay so I don't wanna like
make any accusations that are gonna get
me sued but like the writing was on the
wall well you think that it was because
of anything it's just like you had a
good relationship with Vice
they were friends then all of a sudden
you didn't have a good relationship with
it yeah I mean that doesn't maybe that
was just completely coincidental yeah
sure it's definitely possible as is you
know
the chances it's also possible we're
gonna get hit by a comment I'm not
saying that these have the same
possibilities I'm not a math person but
it is a lesson in probabilities we're
very opposed on math on this show in
fact so okay so and then did you get
when people started coming out did you
ever hear from other women who who went
through this who said thank you for
doing that
or yeah I did actually it's been kind of
nice at first I was like what the
did I do like I've ruined my career I'm
gonna be associated with him for the
rest of my life and no one's gonna want
to hire me to do anything but since then
a lot of other women have come out with
their own stories and it's been very
validating for me and I actually been in
contact with Charlotte waters who came
out a few years ago with a nearly
identical Mari about him she wasn't she
was an art school student at the time
she was another sort of random person
that he impressed with his uh his
influence or whatever and did what
pretty much sounds like a borderline
assault and his yeah with her but like
none of this stuff is technically
illegal although some of the things
probably qualify
I should also make the point that it's
not there's no law against sexually
harassing an independent contractor and
that's what most models are classified
as interesting it only in in some states
do they have protection against sexual
harassment Wow
well sorry had to go through that but
good for you for blowing the whistle on
that dude seems like a total creep and
Thank You um yeah I don't feel good
about what happened obviously and I've
felt really embarrassed and guilty about
it through the years but I think I've
come to a place where I feel good about
how I've handled it since then what was
the like in the guilt what like what did
you feel like why why guilty like guilty
that you had hurt him in some way or you
know what was it I mean I had a lot of
people saying like oh well you could
have said no like if you were
traumatized by this you did this to
yourself
and like I get what they're coming from
kind of but also like if I were him and
not but like any reasonable good person
if they hook up with someone even let's
say he thinks that it's fully consensual
and he's really as naive as he pretends
to be about how coercion works which I
don't believe for second cuz
he's not out there doing this stuff to
Kate Moss but even if he was like if I
hooked up with someone and I thought
that they had a good time and then
afterwards I found out this person had
PTSD from it and had completely
dissociated from their memory a good
person would be like oh my god I'm so
sorry like I had no idea how can I
prevent this from happening in the
future right but he's never gonna do
that did you ever contact him afterwards
did he did he have an opportunity for to
hear from you that you were upset about
that or to hear from now people know I
moved on I never collected my print I
just wanted to forget about it that I
mean that is an indication like why
wouldn't she come yet her print
everything went great yeah and it's not
like I was a prude either not that it
matters but like I had modeled for
photographers before and I had had
casual sex before and this felt very
different to me
I mean I you know like seems to me a guy
who's doing that would have like very
specific ground rules of like need to be
professional there needs to be like like
literally signatures and I need to be
able to sit down with you beforehand cuz
this is my method and you really want to
err on the side of caution right when
you're doing anything like that yeah
it's in pornography like there is the
right of things that you'll do and you
won't do and you discuss it beforehand
and different things get more money and
he could if he wanted to he could go out
and find people who are comfortable with
doing pornographic stuff on camera there
are a lot of them but I think he gets
off on violating people's boundaries and
getting them to do stuff that they don't
necessarily want to do right and I think
if he if that was his method he wouldn't
get like the type of shoots with like
Senator Obama's coming in if he was like
I don't know maybe I would but he
promised senator Obama oh really yeah no
he was a high-profile guy and I think
that's exactly yeah it's definitely
there's no like misdirected sense of
like edginess like yeah he specifically
liked violating people that was like all
the accounts on taneous it's all fun
isn't this fun right and like I also
want to say like in the course of
writing about this stuff like it was
never my mission to destroy him like if
anything I just wanted to think a little
bit more about what he's doing and stop
the main thing is I wanted him to stop
did you get public criticism from it
yeah I got all kinds of nasty comments
from people I got nasty comments from
people I thought were my friends did
they did they like like I don't
understand like the logic of somebody
saying like it's cool what he's doing
but what you're doing is not cool like I
mean if it's if it's like okay that's
just the way that's his process but your
process which involves just writing
about what actually happened is somehow
problematic yeah I mean I mean that's
even giving the benefit of doubt to
those people yeah I mean I guess their
thinking is you knew what you were
getting into you did
to yourself like you it's not like he
thought that you didn't have you know
what I mean like the it's one thing for
and I don't think it's appropriate but
I'm just saying like if someone has that
logic of like look he's an artist and
you were involved in the process and you
had the ability to you know say a safe
word at any point during that process
but he also consented to you know with a
live person to have them talk about the
experience and to interpret it and
probably gave more you know just as
explicit consent to that as anything
you're doing and you're not and he
doesn't have to do anything at that
point yeah I've done it I'm glad you
brought that up I think the defense of
its art is something he and others have
used a lot over the years to try to
muddy the waters around issues of
consent just because it's art doesn't
make it magically exempt from the rules
of human ethics yeah that I've always
came up in the brando movie I mean what
was I forget that story but we talked
about it a long time ago that that
really I can't I'm shouldn't brought it
off because I cannot remember the name
of it but there was a some some infamous
Brando movie that in the second guy yeah
Last Tango in Paris I think which is
actually a pretty terrible movie in my
view was very overrated but regardless
that's irrelevant it came out that there
was a scene that essentially they like
pre-planned an assault on the actress in
it and that whole and the whole spin
around it was like well this will be a
spontaneous reaction its art but even if
I mean it's nonsense
even if it makes the best art in the
world like that doesn't make it okay
right oh yeah but and also it's also
just to me and me maybe this is just my
way of thinking it's like obviously just
it it's pre it's it's concocted it's
nonsense I don't need I like I don't
even take that at face value
it wouldn't be justified in and of
itself but I don't even buy it to begin
with
I mean I think it's possible they they
bought it but that's so what I mean of
course so what it's just I'm sure there
are silly or serial killers out there
like Isis should say they're artists
