terney Andrew on the revolution question
I'm about to start reading and would
suggest others do the same Friedrich
Jamison's an American utopia which tries
to conceptualize a post-capitalist
society Ryan from Ohio Bill Maher's
somehow managed to fellate Jordan
Peterson more than he did Yolo
Minneapolis alright let's watch some of
this what do we have okay so here's the
first one
now look I get that Jordan Peterson's
from Canada but he seems to certainly
have no problem opening and touring all
through America and his prescriptions
for are the way to fix our gender
problems seem to know no international
boundaries but here he is saying
something that honestly like is almost
childlike in its naivete but it's really
coming from an a fully grown adult who
is supposedly an intellectual it's just
stupid and it shows that this guy has an
agenda as much as people like it's just
he all he's doing is exploring the
intellectualism this is an agenda
because no one can be this clueless
about American politics to say the
things he's about to say hear about
it I mean there's all these people in
the US who are on the conservative side
who were aligned with Trump for all
sorts of reasons and there's all this
tension around his presidency and
attempts to pull him out of his office
for various reasons and like what what
do you think will happen if that comes
to pass what what do you think will
happen to these people that have
identified with Trump and like how is it
that Republic R attic types for example
are holding out their hand to say to
these conservative types sort of like
welcomed back into the fold
because it looks to me from an out for
an outsider's perspective that your
country is polarizing in a way that's
not good and that you know people are
going after Trump and I understand that
it's not like I don't understand that
but there's all these people that
elected him and
identified with them and there they're
not taking this well you know and so
well they're not they're not it's not
and you know you might not think they're
very bright and I was it for a second
okay I just want to go back here okay so
this idea that somehow the Democrats are
supposed to hold out their hand to
conservatives a concept which never
exists in politics except for in this
situation and the idea that somehow
we're uniquely polarized now in 2000
George Bush won the presidency the
country was so polarized that had to
come down to a single vote on the
Supreme Court
that's how polarized the country has
been for over two decades but now it's
uniquely polarized
it wasn't uniquely polarized when Barack
Obama was president and you literally
had a party whose leader in the house
was saying it's not my job to not tell a
dozen members of my caucus that they
can't try and pass a law claiming that
the president was not born in America
that was not so unique the polarization
there the polarization now is unique and
Democrats have to put their hand out to
conservatives and do what that is a
fundamental misunderstanding of the
political reality on the ground in this
country and how political politics
operate if the so called whatever he's
calling the Democratic types or whatever
that is activate the same number of
people or really just roll back some of
the voter suppression laws frankly the
Democrats are gonna win there is no
necessity for them to reach out to
conservatives and not even like and even
that framework is absolutely wrong the
last group of people who you would reach
out to who our Trump voters would be
conservatives because ideologically
there's no way to make that bridge you
might reach out to people who are
unaligned ideologically and simply were
you know felt that whatever clinton was
a corrupt or that she was a murderer
or maybe you would reach out to people
who were just felt like they needed some
type of change and there was no idea but
this last group of people that the
Democrats need to reach out to and
frankly could reach are conservatives
you have to know absolutely nothing
about politics in this country to make
that statement but then he's gonna go on
and if you just dial it back a little
bit now what he's going to do he's also
showing his hand here because now he's
projecting on to other people this sort
of straw man that like well you don't
think it's important to reach out to
them because you're they're dumb and
this and that and this is all part of
the conservative aggrievement industry
that this guy totally feeds off of the
aggrievement of white males who feel
like their power in society is being
threatened because the traditional
hierarchies are being threatened but
let's continue to hear this that but
there's all these people that elected
him and that are identified with him and
they're they're not taking this well you
know and so well they're not they're not
it's not and you know you might not
think they're very bright and all of
that and and you know they're backwards
and and and all of those things but but
but you know you need to have respect
for the rest of your citizens and if
your if your country isn't gonna call
itself these people he's talking about
these people the backwards one are the
ones who literally had a problem with
Barack Hussein Obama because he wasn't
born in this country you need to have
respect for your other citizens turn if
your country isn't gonna pull itself
apart and I really see this happening
from an outsider's perspective when I
come down here and I lived in this laits
for a while it wasn't like this before
posit it wasn't like this before is that
right
when did he live in the States was that
some was that was that before the Civil
Rights Act did he live here before the
Civil Rights Act when black people
weren't allowed to share a water
fountain or was this when what was this
during when Ronald Reagan said that
liberalism was a mental disease what
exactly did he live here yeah back back
in the day when race didn't matter
right back at ya back in that day where
we uh we we we look around on a set like
this and we would all we would not see
race whatsoever oh because there's all
white people here that's a Jordan Peters
I'm just an outsider I'm just making an
observation that is a valid only because
of my outsider ISM but it really is
completely loaded what what he's doing
is I'm making an attempt to make it seem
like I don't have an agenda but I
clearly am pushing an agenda all right
so that's the the first clip of Jordan
Peterson on and I hear is another clip
of him basically going on about the same
situation and just in slightly different
words right here it is people into
tribal actors and they you go back a
little bit more this is the start okay
people into tribal actors and that the
end result of that is ketosis weren't
you also saying though that that the
left is too worried about offending
people I think that that goes along I
will yes but then on the other hand when
the left for example offends people in
the political sphere you're questioning
whether that's somehow bad for society
at large
well I'm concerned about I don't I think
that those two issues are I think that
those two issues are somewhat separate
I'm concerned about the you know this is
the International sign for separate
koja co-joined is the international
rules i'm e9o that's a little bit petty
but this goes to show how muddled his
thinking is because Alex Wagner just
basically said you're saying on one hand
the left is always so easily offended
but then you're saying you're offended
by the left in the political sphere
aren't you really just isn't this just a
way for you always to be aggrieved well
no these are separate issues it's kind
of like when Milo said no safe spaces
right before I you know right no safe
spaces well I'm concerned about I don't
I think that those two issues are I
think that those two issues are somewhat
separate I'm concerned about the the
dialogue in the United States around the
presidency pulling people farther and
farther apart it has nothing to do with
the behavior of Trump I think this is an
independent issue you can you can say
positive or negative but he's all yours
night order Busey I know that's the
thing is it's that's the issue that's
the that's the issues they didn't
support him and without the circus he's
just a lonely clown yeah but he has
these his people in Congress who are
enablers and this base that it is a cult
of personality
not unlike dictatorships we've seen in
the past I mean he said once famously I
could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and
not lose any fans mm-hmm yes and he has
proved that to be almost true I mean we
cannot imagine what he would do where
they were turning them because I don't
know what that would be I don't think
it's anything because whatever it was he
would just say well it's fake news but
okay so imagine he's impeached just for
the sake of argument and Peter are
convicted okay either of those but it
seems to me that mattered one he has to
leave yeah I know or that it's not it's
not an unimportant detail but it's still
supposed to be that that is that is
Jordan Peterson saying I don't know the
difference of what you're talking about
but that's okay he that's not his you
know American civics is not his his
wheelhouse but go ahead but it still
seems to me that it leaves you with the
problem of what do you do with the
disaffected 40s that are going to be
very rightly about this
independent of Trump's behavior kind of
like the Sunnis after week
Dober Saddam well that's that's a hill
became Isis site yes right that's right
wait wasn't he going into where's the
thing where he talks about he talks
about identity politics we got a we got
to play the ones that you show me cuz I
don't that's he went on to talk about
identity politics and all right whatever
let's just move on thicker here in that
voice well no the thing is though is
that the whole identity politics thing
and let's see if we can find that clip
didn't we play identity politics because
the identity politics stick is such
 and particularly for a guy like
I mean first off the forty percent we
don't need to do this the way our system
works is that there's always forty
percent who loses it's just that for the
past several decades it's been fifty one
percent have actually lost I mean we've
seen it in the context of Congress where
you've had over fifty percent of people
voting for Democrats and Republicans
control the house where in the last two
elections that a Republican president
has come into office for the first time
over fifty percent of the people voted
against the Republican and he becomes
president why wouldn't you if you are
jordan Peterson and you were very
worried about this dynamic why wouldn't
you worry about the dynamic of what
about the fifty two percent or fifty
three percent who voted against Trump
and he's president wouldn't that be more
of a concern than the 40 percent a group
does not suffer I mean that's the thing
is that this is there's there's no rhyme
or reason to what he's saying and the
only thing that gives a rudder for his
opining about politics for that matter
is that he knows who his
audiences and it is disaffected
conservatives and young people who just
have a sense young white people young
white males who have a sense that they
don't get what their grandparents had or
what maybe their older dad had which was
women as chattel a guaranteed limited
pool of competition for anything that
they're going for where large swaths of
the population are simply not allowed to
participate in the same way either
explicitly or implicitly and as this
changes people get upset and here is
this here is Jordan Peterson who is he
is upset about all of this identity
politics we need to talk to them with
more generosity than we do
[Music]
[Applause]
thisis that the left is too preoccupied
with being non-confrontational right the
left is to point just that we all right
that's a good question the idea that
that liberals especially intellectuals
are preoccupied with politically correct
speech that they're I see I see
and yet no they're too preoccupied with
with identity politics by a large margin
and they tend to categorize everyone by
their ethnicity and their sex and their
gender and I think all that does is turn
people into tribal actors and that the
end result of that is Khattab weren't
you also you know this is like the
classic thing of like you know a couple
where it's like you're you're you
shouldn't score keep you shouldn't score
keeping your relations with people you
shouldn't score keep okay that's what's
really going on here score keeping it's
not healthy to developing a relationship
this is or it's like it's akin to like
when when people start saying like hey
how come the rich are getting massive
tax cuts and we're getting screwed in
terms of services that's class war you
know when someone says like your
scorekeeping or you're paying too much
attention to like identity or you're
you're starting a class war that's an
indication that that person is winning
that battle that they don't want you to
pay attention to what's going on because
the people who are paying attention to
things like gender or like race our
people who have been systemically and
since the founding of this country and
prior to that time in certain
circumstances have been losing at the
hands of the guy who says don't you're
you're paying too much attention to that
because when people didn't pay attention
to that when people did not have the
voice to say hey wait a second black
people should have the right to vote hey
wait a second government shouldn't
redline and say we're only going to
provide subsidies for housing if you
have a covenant where you know black
people are allowed or where women said
like you know I shouldn't be property of
my husband
or I should be able to get a credit card
in my own name too or I should have the
right to vote or why is it that in the
workplace
you know we're paid less money like
that's when you're starting to bring up
all of these differences and that's the
problem with things of course I mean
this is so basic as to be a joke there
is one one political party in this
country that is based on identity
politics where 95 to 90 maybe not over
90 percent of its supporters are of a
single race and that is the Republican
Party kind of reminds me of that
reductase headline I'm not political
these because I assume I will retain all
of my privileges forever exactly I don't
have to agitate I'm in fact we should
end politics right now I mean if I if
you are a you know a billionaire and you
know you should just basically say like
there should be no more politics with
fine everybody's fine like let's freeze
everything now and that's basically what
Jordan Peterson comes out of all of
these people they come out of this one
basic truth that there are people in
society who have never had to have their
status in any way threatened or
questioned and now they are feeling
threatened or questioned and and in many
instances are losing some measure of
power and of course their response has
got to be stop worrying about those
things stop stop
scorekeeping stop scorekeeping because
they don't want you to find out that
you're losing that's why they don't want
the score these were at the end of the
game like it's it's fine too much
identity politics that's the problem
when these self-help people try to get
political it's like the advice in a
vacuum is fine you know like stand up
straight clean your room or whatever but
then when you say that that's the only
thing people should be focusing on
that's when you run into problems well
it's not been problematic for him don't
score keep but if you were you would
find out that his bank account and his
he's dressing very sharp these days
isn't he he's looking a lot better
actually yeah as beards looking very
well moisturized I was just I was
thinking today to in of his whole like
the lipstick the lipstick line you know
that the segment we're like yeah it's
just how sort of absolutely absurd his
argument is even on its face I mean if
you put aside the idea that like how
much in
Society both male and female is
ostensibly according would be according
to him to attract a mate right well we
do a lot of things to love our tractors
of course but it doesn't then follow
that you know men and women can't work
together well according to him it would
be the the slightest of temptation the
the idea of like I mean his argument is
fundamentally like that of a
fundamentalist religious type I mean
there is a reason why Orthodox Jews
women are you know you need to wear a
wig and you need to have your skirt
below your knees and you need to have
your blouse below your your elbows
because any signs of the flesh are too
tempting for the male and the same with
in in Islam I actually had an unpleasant
interaction once in the grocery store
when I lived in a Hasidic neighborhood
she the lady told me there's lots of men
around you need to put more clothes on
exactly because because men because we
have not evolved to the point where men
can help themselves but for their
primary directive which is to go and
bang the woman on the head with a big
stick and drag her back to the cave I
mean that's what his argument is and to
to argue that this is this is all too
early for our development to have men
and women working together that's
basically the argument since we have not
evolved there yet also I mean just which
is again also super convenient if men
are the ones that the workplace already
like we just haven't evolved to the
point where we're gonna give women the
opportunity to have economic power as
well we haven't evolved to the point
where we can include you in our club
exactly I'm sorry sorry maybe next
century yes I mean I so close like in in
the grand scheme of human evolution
you're so close but for you personally
may not happen there's a lot of people
who still think he's right about that
whole lipstick and sexual attractiveness
thing so just for those people you know
there's a lot of sociological
reasons behind fashion - and class
reasons like there's all sorts of things
fashion so does he think men don't do
things to make the jobs more trash of
course even if you were to stipulate
that the only reason why women put on
lipstick is to remind the man of what
they would look like during sex
as some way of like attracting them and
prohibiting them from doing their work
at what why is that man wearing that
that was $10,000 watch or why is he have
a fast car because this is all to
project the archetype of being able to
provide for this woman right I mean and
so all all of these things like is that
too tempting are women able to sort of
like keep themselves from fawning all
