[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex dama chard a report with sam
cedar
[Applause]
[Music]
it is Monday October 23rd 2017 my name
is Michael Brooks on a Michael Monday
and this is b5 five-time award-winning
majority report we're broadcasting live
steps from the industrious Gowanus Canal
in the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn the USA on today's program
Marshall Steinbaum research director and
fellow at the Roosevelt Institute on the
tax debate we need hint it's not about
the deficit Bill O'Reilly he's doubling
down even though it's come out that
there was over a 30 million dollar
settlement because of his behavior at
Fox soldiers widow soldier of lieutenant
Johnson says that Trump struggled to
remember his name the whole time
thick news even as Trump promises to pay
the legal bills of any aides that might
find themselves in trouble another thing
that I wouldn't exactly take his word
for and the u.s. is preparing to put its
nuclear bombs back on a 24-hour alert
which they have not been since the Cold
War great Tillerson and mattis to
testify in a closed hearing on
reauthorization of the AUMF these deaths
in these year have somewhat intruded
back into public consciousness slightly
that we're still fighting a global war
based off of a rapidly aging Defense
Authorization
[Music]
and is the Muller investigation now
putting a democratic lobbying supergroup
in its crosshairs as part of an
investigation of Paul Manafort it's the
swamp folks it's the swamp and we can
find out they've lyin Ted's dad play a
role and the assassination of JFK Donald
Trump's releasing apparently Diane what
have you been doing what I've had Trump
and lists family cabinet in Congress in
addressing the opioid crisis and the EPA
backs down on a biofuels program and
Catalonia resists new pressure from
Spain's Prime Minister if that situation
continues to intensify Rojo promising to
get rid of regional autonomy there all
that in more on today's majority report
let's let's start out of the gate with a
bit of sound this is John McCain I
always usually give a caveat I'm very
hard on John McCain and I think we need
to be Cardin I'm John McCain for a
variety of reasons from his war
mongering to Sarah Palin to his daughter
but that being said this was a good shot
in gave here against Donald Trump and I
say the more of this the better why not
as long as it doesn't allow us to
glorify George Bush's and John McCain's
they're awful or bob Corker for that
matter but in this context to undermine
Trump and to have a little bit of
internal Republican heat great go for it
mass arrest demonstration Chicago that
all of us can look back and see on
c-span but it was a tumultuous time and
most of it was bred by the conflict and
one aspect of the conflict by the way
that I will never
ever countenance is that we drafted the
lowest income level of America and the
highest income level found a doctor that
would say that they had a bone spur that
is wrong that is wrong if we're gonna
ask every American to serve every
American should serve a bone spur what
trust fund baby could john mccain be
referencing there i believe that a
certain bloated narcissist wasn't that
the way he got out of vietnam bone spur
that's correct
pence pair so effective shade there from
senator mccain and as always we wish him
well in his medical means that these
facing something it's really horrible
like i don't my understanding is yeah
there's not a good prognosis there's not
a way out of that verb really is my
understanding so that's that's terrible
ted kennedy had the same that would say
all oh really i didn't realize that yeah
no that's really that's really bad and
it's cool that he's going down swing are
you hiring do you know where to post the
job to find the best candidates we were
just hiring and we found Brendan Patrick
and he didn't project O'Malley Oh
Finnegan off of the zip recruiter he was
sitting at home watching fox news clips
not knowing where to feed him to he
didn't know where to go and now here he
is in our office
so zip recruiter does not include an
Irish need not apply
what if hiring could be easier more
streamline and less time-consuming so
even when you're busy you could still
find the smart way to go about your hire
if you're hiring and you know the
quality hires keep your business moving
forward you also know it can take a lot
of time to find the right candidate for
the job with zip recruiter you can post
your job up over 100 webs over excuse me
over 100 of the web's leading job boards
with just one click
then zip recruiter puts it smart
matching technology to work actively
notifying
qualified candidates about your job
within minutes of posting so you can
receive the best possible matches like
Brendan Brendan was there and Brendan
was like what did Steve Doocy son was
sent to Aruba and he asked somebody a
question and I have a time code for this
but I don't have a job thing majority
report boom and now he's here making
this show better and better
that's why zip recruiter is different
unlike other hiring sites if recruiter
doesn't repend on the right candidate
finding you it finds them
no wonder 80% of employers who post on
zip recruiter can get a quality
candidate through this site in just one
day boom no juggling emails are calls to
your office simply screen rate moms
Canada all with one place with zip
recruiters easy-to-use dashboard zip
recruiter at the smartest way to hire
find out today what zip recruiter has
been used by businesses of all sizes and
industries to find the most qualified
candidates with immediate results and
right now my listeners can post jobs on
zip recruiter for free that's right free
just go to zip recruiter dot-com slash
majority that zip recruiter dot-com
slash majority and one time to try it
for free go to zip recruiter dot-com
slash majority and you know what folks
great candidates are not the only things
that we're looking for in our lives
we're all looking for something for some
it's love for some of the sense of
purpose for others unforgettable
experiences but for most it's your keys
well with tracker pixel you'll never
worry about losing your things again
eight years ago tracker that's TR AC K
capital R changed everything when they
released their first tracking device now
they've done it again with the new
all-new tracker
pixel tracker pixels the latest
Bluetooth trapping device in the market
place a tracker pixel on whatever you
tend to lose keys wallets even your cat
then when you misplace an item that has
a tracker pixel attached use your
smartphone and a 90 decibel alert will
help find it in seconds it has powerful
LED lights you can find things in the
dark will help you find your phone even
if it's on
better yet because tracker our tracker
is user as part of the largest crowd
locate network in the world you can
locate items from miles away
and thanks to trackers 30-day money-back
guarantee you truly have nothing to lose
go to tracker dot-com / majority to get
20% off of any order that's tracker
dot-com / majority for 20% off tracker
comm / majority have you guys ever
walked by a newsstand and seen a
stunning magazine that makes you want to
stop and peek inside or read a headline
cover that makes you need to know more
three different times next time you do
remember texture with the texture app
now as you get a peek you get the whole
magazine plus unlimited access to over
200 premium titles like time the
Atlantic The New Yorker and Wired and
right now you can get texture for free
just imagine having your favorite
magazines and their back issues anytime
anywhere to start your texture free your
texture free trial go to texture calm /
majority if you choose to continue
podcast listeners will get texture for
just $9.99 a month it's over 30% off
they're listed price and they're also a
great gift gift options are available
for the holidays go to texture dot-com /
majority to start your free trial today
that's texture calm / majority textured
calm / majority so tomorrow on the
Michael Brooks show wise big waze waze
neil ombre who is launching his own
podcast now it's finally been announced
he's back relaunched in LA the
basketball friends is the relaunch
version of true hoop and then his own
show which is woz Speaks which I really
like because it's like Mohammed speaks
the Nation of Islam newspaper so and I
think it looks like I'll probably be a
regular on that show as well so wise is
gonna come in we have a whole bunch of
things to talk about and opening
commentary is wise in studio no y is
gonna be in LA oh it's gonna be our
first call gotcha but it's it's tough we
got we were joking at wisest going-away
party
we were both joking about our
different shower crying techniques that
we're going to have we're far away from
each other
and then um hunter mats who co-hosts the
Mint's mixed mental martial arts podcast
and is a science writer we're gonna talk
about IQ mythology and debunk charles
Murray all that and much much more
and if you're not a patron of the
Michael Brooks show yet you just missed
another the seventh elicit history which
is on Iran's justified paranoia and the
ideological and historical origins of
the Islamic Republic and all the way up
to the Iran nuclear deal with the p5
plus one
we're actually today if you're a
subscriber in iTunes the Michael Brooks
show we're gonna be releasing one of our
postgame shows we did with Bri Joy gray
which was really funny and you should
check it out just to give you a little
bit of a taste most of our stuff though
or really where our 742 patrons who are
the best people in the world they get an
unbuilt like we're were very lot we're
at least three maybe even four to one in
terms of patrons to public content so if
you haven't checked it out yet please do
I'm really honored by all the positive
feedback and uh it's a very different
show than em are but very complimentary
so definitely check it out we will be
right back with Marshall Stein bound
from the Roosevelt Institute we're gonna
be talking about how to talk about taxes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we call them my band so why should I be
afraid of you when you bleed just like I
do the more you try to fight God your
life he's shining so I've got no time
for you because in a Mike you wanna step
in I assure you we should never leave no
one feels that I'm confused how every
day you wake it because you know you're
fake I never strap your take I bring you
closer to your grave why am I gonna
shake
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to the majority report
Michael Brooks joining us now as
Marshall Steinbaum he's a research
director and fellow at the Roosevelt
Institute and one of she'll thanks for
joining us thank you for having me so
Marshall let's start at the basics you
have a really good piece in the Jacobin
the tax debate we need what is the
purpose of modern Republican tax policy
and I guess let's just take it back to
the Reagan era my interpretation of what
the Republicans and the broad
conservative movement have been up to in
tax policy over the last 40 or so years
has basically been to recon s'en trait
power in the hands of the wealthy that
is to say the owners and executives of
major corporations and their heirs and
anyone who exerts power over the economy
and the other stakeholders and the
corporations that they own and run I
think basically what happened was that
in the New Deal and in the Progressive
Era their power was tamed by many
policies but
especially by progressive taxation
because as I explained in that piece if
you crank up progressive tax taxes high
enough you basically make it de facto
illegal to be rich and once its de facto
illegal to be rich that weakens the
bargaining power of the richest
stakeholders in society and so what
happened was the United States adopted a
strong progressive tax regime and that
had a profound impact on the
distribution of power in the economy it
was one that certainly Franklin
Roosevelt's political enemies felt
acutely and hated him for and I think
that after the New Deal after the the
Roosevelt presidency was over they said
about a political and ideological
project to restore the world that they
had lived it one in which they exercised
more power and one in which progressive
taxes were as low as they had been yes
so we're gonna get to that because I
think it's important to describe the
sort of the ideological scam that goes
along with this just a sort of raw
reassertion of elite power with regards
to the economy but elaborate I mean when
you talk about not allowing people to be
rich and this actually does feed into
the mythology there is a notion that you
know even amongst the kind of
technocratic Center and you know in the
90s the kind of I mean the third way
sort of politicians that sought to carve
out some slight sort of softening of
basically extreme income inequality and
pretty rapid globalization but kind of
have a couple of areas of slight
taxation for wealthy people and slight
investments in public services whether
we're talking about Bill Clinton the
United States and I want to use this
quote even though it's in a British
context but Peter Mandelson who was an
advisor to tony blair he actually said
specifically he said we're intensely
relaxed about people getting a you know
extremely wealthy i think was the quote
to paraphrase so
what but what was it that sort of that
Roosevelt and that line of politics
understood that in order to have
actually some of the sort of genuine
open democracy that everybody valorizes
in there you know the the kind of talk
about free speech and having a rational
open Square and all of the rest of it
that you can't actually credibly make
the case that you're having that unless
you have a radically even paying playing
field and massive redistribution of
resources because if you don't then all
the rest of that is just gonna be a
smokescreen for like the raw assertion
of power and so what was it that made
the new dealers and Roosevelt get that
basic insight that we seem like we've
been missing ever since or at least
since the sixties I think that's an
incredibly revealing quote from
Mandelson and I think it gets right down
to the enormous ideological difference
between Roosevelt and the political
movement that he represented and the
sort of centrist third way that
Mandelson represents and that is quite
influential here as well as in the UK
and that is to say why are rich people
rich and by extension why are poor
people poor the Roosevelt's view the
progressive view that in a populist view
that grew out of the Gilded Age was that
by a margin was because they exploited
society to their own benefit or they had
inherited from parents who had done that
and the Mandelson view on the other hand
I think reflects the kind of
technocratic ideology of the current age
which is to say that essentially the the
economy is a meritocracy if you're rich
it's because you came up with a
brilliant idea or were such a assiduous
manager that you were able to contribute
and thus were compensated for that that
enormous contribution to society and you
can see that that kind of meritocratic
view of how the Alec how Welsh and
income should be allocated in the
economy would I would say enable a
slippery slope back from kind of the you
could say the technocratic elite
centrism the
was inaugurated by the Roosevelt age in
the New Deal back towards the retrograde
ideology of the Gilded Age that is to
say once we're not going to question
anymore why rich people are rich because
we assume that it's due to their mastery
of the economy to the public benefit
then you excuse one after another after
another of the actions and the
exploitation 'he's that rich people use
to get to where they are then and remain
there so then let's go to the the
backlash and this sort of counter
narrative that starts you know it starts
to maybe get really put into practice in
the 80s with reagan but already in the
70s you're seeing at least the sort of
neoliberal turn in the democratic side
and i and actually an interesting kind
of split that Matt Stoller writes about
of a kind of even the 70s sort of
liberals coming out of the 60s with this
intense concern rightly about things
like the military-industrial complex and
rightly a much greater understanding of
the things of the you know the
emancipatory movements of social justice
but actually a lot more credulous 'no
cebause concentrated economic power and
inequality in the corporate sector how
does this let's first start talking
about it first from an ideological
perspective and then we'll get into just
the kind of raw money of it what's the
counter narrative that starts being
built to return us to a neo gold you
know Gilded Age which is essentially
what Republican tax policy is so I think
you can't tell the story without
starting with the civil rights movement
but especially with the backlash to the
civil rights movement because what the
civil rights movement was and my
interpretation was the extension of the
quasi social democratic policies of the
New Deal to include everyone regardless
of race so what we got out of the New
Deal itself in the thirties was a social
democratic state an edifice that served
almost exclusively white people and
starting in the 40s and then especially
through
Brown v Board of Ed and then the the
what we think of as a high civil rights
movement in the early 60s that that that
grand edifice of the state that had been
erected on to the benefit of white
people in the 30s was gradually expanded
to include everyone regardless of race
I dare at least that was that at least
that was the shifting intention of
activists and some policymakers to some
degree I mean there's still a lot of
work to be done but and a lot of
