you wrote a piece this week that I want
to talk about because it sort of talks
to about a broader question and also
there were two other pieces that sort of
caught my attention this week one was by
Jonathan Chait and the other one was by
Lefferts Eric both at the The New Yorker
and they there they're all three are
related in some way New York yeah New
York mag but all three are sort of
related in one way I mean it's it is
either a bad idea on how to a fight
Trump or just sort of like bad execution
so let's start with yours about Chuck
Schumer because this just walk us
through the piece and then let's talk
about it in a more in a broader sense
yeah sure so Chuck Schumer the Senate
Minority Leader in Senate and the Senate
from the great state of New York since
the 1998 or 99 and so you know with like
what we were just saying with all of the
news that the all of the bad news going
on in the world there's any number of
ways the Democrats could sort of try to
get headlines for themselves and their
efforts to fight against Trump and
Schumer last week after first with Nancy
Pelosi putting out a good idea in in a
newspaper op-ed for a program to raise a
federal program to raise teacher pay and
school resources he just did that in an
op-ed not like no press conference the
next day he calls the cameras for a
press conference at a gas station in
Washington to stand outside the gas
station blaming Trump for high gas
prices and here's a photo that you put
at the top of your post yeah it is Chuck
Schumer standing there with dick Durbin
and who is that also a loose key or no
no that from Michigan Michigan oh no
Stabenow no no no this is from shoes
from from Delaware
now she's from Michigan debbie Stabenow
sperm machine that's not debbie Stabenow
I don't think well the point is the
reason why it's difficult yeah tell us
why it's difficult to places because
that photo at the top of my story is
from 2006 when Chuck Schumer in advance
of the 2006 midterms held a press
conference outside a gas station in
Washington to complain that George W
Bush was responsible for high gas prices
so here's a photo from last week
I didn't have the rights to use this
photo and I couldn't find a wire photo
that I could use because no one cared um
like there like there were a couple
photos out there but like none of them
that we had that we but hardly any he
got no coverage for this like a lot of
people didn't know Chuck Schumer did
this last week which is maybe a sign
their political stunt failed the only
mention of God in the New York Times his
hometown paper was in the middle of a
story about how gas oil prices were
falling like immediately after this
press conference oil prices started
dropping um so it was effective yeah
what yeah no he got results all right to
be fair to him don't you think after
coming out on an edgy on education
spending and he said something about
decriminalizing marijuana a couple weeks
ago that it's like relaxing to get back
I mean okay but putting aside the
problems that this is bad policy sure
all right because it's bad policy we
should have we should be raising the gas
tax the gas tax is hasn't been raised in
something like 30 years yeah and so it's
lower than all of the Western European
countries it's yeah it's like and
there's nothing more than we need is to
raise the gas tax yeah for a new for
numerous reasons so it's bad policy but
it's also it was also impacted in
California I me talking about how it
just sort of how how much of the 10-year
this is in terms of not just I mean
you've talked about it the implication
it's a ten-year on a national level but
even on a more macro a micro level right
like in California the politics of this
so in California which the entire
government is run by the Democrats and
the Democrats just raised the California
gas tax in order to pay
for much-needed infrastructure repairs
and in order to build more mass transit
like this is good policy this is what
Democrats should be doing when they win
power in States and of course because
California has ballot initiatives
Republicans bankrolled by rich people
have put a ballot initiative or are
trying to get the signatures to put a
ballot initiative on to repeal this gas
tax increase and they're hoping that
getting this ballot initiative on will
boost Republicans chances in the midterm
elections so to have the leader of one
of the leaders of the national Democrats
out there complaining about the high
price of gas is not like it's also
actively harmful to Democrats trying to
hold a majority and actually govern
right so not only is it not effective it
is a net negative in a myriad of ways
not even on a policy we're just talking
like even if you're talking about pure
politics right so these are just really
bad politics let's go through a little
bit of what Chuck Schumer has also done
on top of this because it seems to me it
starts I mean early early on when Chuck
was like I'll go and meet with the DA
Trump and I you know if there's an
infrastructure bill I like and this and
that a month later it looked like okay
that was the smart thing to do I made it
seem like he was going to be reasonable
and then Trump wasn't but I actually
think he was fouled as opposed to I
think you're right yeah that he planned
something I think he because come
December of 2017 do you remember this
remind people because he completely
let's the Republicans off the hook you
mean with the shutdown and yes yes yeah
and so I think you're I think you're
right which is that like the cynical way
of doing it would have been like well we
tried to work with Trump but we couldn't
do it but I like make a show of working
with him I think Chuck is like I'm a New
York guy he's a New York guy like and
also he thought he could outsmart him he
thought he could he thought he could
roll him but like what he didn't you
know this is the the thing that people
have learned over and over again it said
Trump and the White House quote-unquote
are not the same thing so if Chuck
Schumer goes in to Trump and says let's
make a deal on dreamers let's make a
deal and Trump was like all right sure
you got a deal
like he really
he leaves the room and Steven Miller
walks in the room right says well no we
are not making a deal and that's it that
kills it and so Schumer I think was like
I can work with this guy personally and
didn't understand the politics of it
didn't understand just sort of the the
structural barrier to like actually
getting a deal done with this White
House but so but yeah I think that's
like but but I just want to put a fine
point on this een if you go back and
look at the coverage in November of 2017
every like the amount of stories I think
people could just Google like
legislative apocalypse in November of
2017 because the Republicans were
looking at like five different thing
they like the debt ceiling the they they
couldn't pass a budget because that was
in the wake of I think some other I
can't remember what hurricanes it was or
which massive storms and they couldn't
get the funding for that with the budget
and and they they wanted to split it off
but they couldn't do that and there was
there was two or three other deadlines
that were coming up I can't was s chip
or something yeah that's true and the
Republicans in in Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer walked over to the White House
and basically said we're gonna take 25
to 40 percent of what you got or even 50
maybe it was sixty percent in terms of
like difficulty off the table yeah we're
gonna we're gonna clear that up for you
and that's why they ended up getting the
tax cuts in my estimation because they
weren't in total disarray going forward
they I think they were worried about the
the resolutions expiring and they
totally messed it up yeah they totally
messed it up and since then he's done a
ton of things like this it seems to me
yeah what can I do to help no I mean I
they you know Republicans especially
when it comes to things like continuing
resolutions and budgets they can't
govern without Democratic help because
their own freedom caucus members blow
everything up so like that's the
built-in leverage Democrats should have
Pelosi has usually been a little better
about navigating this but like Schumer I
think you're right like they went and
said alright we'll help you out we'll do
this because their instinct Democrats
interesting cuz always like well let's
at least make sure government's running
properly which great
but then you know it allows for
Republicans to actually implement their
agenda but so Schumer since then you
know in the interests of helping Trump
govern he's you know allowed Trump to
have his CIA chief approved and he he's
a lot of Trump to have his Secretary of
State Approved and like all these other
things that are like you he could have
held up and gummed up the works if you'd
want it to there was multiple ways where
they could have done it they could have
done it where he could have tried to
whip votes against them yeah I mean if
Chuck Schumer can't get Mark Warner yeah
to vote against certain things then
there's a real problem it seems to me
yeah because Mark Warner is not like you
know this is not Joe Lieberman
supposedly I mean and let me ask you
this as you rub as you go and report
what do you hear in terms of other
senators and because I've heard that
certainly former senators are think that
Schumer is really screwing up yeah I
mean I don't think I think if you don't
have to look that far to see hints that
some former Harry Reid people are not
thrilled with how he's doing and Reid
and I think a lot of people on the Left
sort of never like to read that much but
he knew how to play the game like he
absolutely did in a way that Schumer is
not showing that he does and like
there's an interesting alternative
history he's like how would read have
navigated this first Trump term cuz I
think it would look totally different on
the Senate side I think it would look
totally different and I think I think we
may not even have those tax cuts to be
on yeah we might not like that might
have been a complete legislative failure
but it's a real problem was that Schumer
knowing less than Reed or I think is it
his actual sort of politics or instincts
are different I think that he well I
don't know I think it's a couple things
because I don't know because I don't I
don't have any sense Reid is almost a
McConnell like figure and that I don't
have any real sense of what his personal
politics are but he seemed to just want
political success and mister Republicans
and supposedly doesn't like to cut
Medicare Social Security yeah
right yeah but Schumer I mean first of
all Schumer seems much more concerned
with his own personal image his own
personal brand then re never was and and
as I maybe just much more limited in his
thinking like that's what like something
like the the gas prices thing just to me
just just smacks of someone who has an
incredibly narrow vision of politics it
just very very narrow and provincial
idea of politics he literally says he's
a made-up family that lives in
Massapequa yes policy by he has a lot
yeah that's it that's his favorite hit
really says that that's not and I would
bet that's probably like the area where
he pulls the worst and so he decides
that's where my family the problem with
his politics is that yet he has a
made-up family at from Massapequa he
calls him the bay leaves there you know
a Boomer couple they used to be called
to the O'Reilly's but then when he was
writing a book he D Irish them to make
them more national I'm sorry the
Bailey's yeah I mean Bailey's is pretty
Irish I feel pretty it could be English
though right I don't you know New York
has changed which not as much of a
problem they live they live in
Massapequa it's a new city it's a new
state but in his imagination he runs all
of his idea he runs all of his political
calculations through this well-off
home-owning couple in a nearly all-white
Long Island town and he's like what
would they think of what I'm about to
ms-13 is terrible but get in front of
the gas pump media's weird we're driving
out to Montauk this weekend and we want
yeah we like I mean part of the problem
could be is that the Bailey's neither
mr. or mrs. Bailey has ever spent any
time in the Senate and so their ability
if be the Senate leader yeah he's
probably minimal yeah right he probably
goes like how should I get my caucus to
do this and they go what do you mean
caucus like the Bailey's don't know how
to whip votes think I asked them how to
kill the hospital nomination they had no
ideas what am I supposed to do Chuck we
keep telling you we don't understand
Senate rules is so Byzantine that so so
is anybody like actively are you hearing
any
actively talk about about any type of
challenge to his leadership I'm not
really and I think that I mean I you
know I I haven't heard anything there
some people are dissatisfied I feel like
the Senate that's much rarer in the
Senate than it is in the house in the
house there's challenges to leadership
pretty regularly not not terribly affect
not terribly effective but at least
people talk about it provide openly on
Democrats and Republican side in the
Senate it really it just seems like
because of the norms of that body people
do not openly be like we got a we got a
replaces leader like I you know even
Mitch McConnell who's pretty widely
hated by the right for crazy reasons
does not have a lot of threats but he
mean he's insulated because I think
everybody in the Senate I think like
anybody who has any type of savvy or
like you know he's used to the you know
the sort of the classic Republican
agenda right where the money yeah he's
got to be very happy with the course
yeah right I mean he got the tax cuts
he's doing he's getting every you know
the the judiciary yeah it's done I think
Cory Robin had a comment the other day
about how this Republican Party is
actually the least populous that's ever
been you know Trump may be a populist
you know that's where the votes may be
coming but in terms of what they're
doing it's all based upon you know the
judiciary and sort of Nations it's built
it's based on building in a an
undemocratic infrastructure to to like
keep their agenda in place exactly
oligarch yes and let me ask you this
what is your sense if if there was to be
someone in the Senate now who would be a
better leader is there one that's a
great question and I I don't I don't
know I mean I know there are senators I
like more I don't know if they are cut
out for leadership you know it might be
I mean you know again with the problem
we run into with congressional Democrats
as they've done such a poor job of I
guess grooming younger generations of
leadership right so it's like you have
these people basically 70 years old
who've been there a long time and then a
lot of people in the middle who have not
really made much of a name for
themselves so I mean it's an interesting
question to ask like who would be who
would be a better Minority Leader and
you know I don't I don't actually know
that is a like I think a society-wide
problem that the Boomers they're shadow
cast over basically my generation yeah
because there was no room for it a
squeeze in like there was a slight
moment of you have like cultural and I
think I think that's a widespread
problem it isn't mine the only person I
have ever heard people talk about and I
look I have no idea what the skill set
is that you would need to do this but
I've heard people talk about Jeff
Merkley who you would you would assume
is is to to the laughs yeah right but
another guy fairly soft-spoken you know
that was the thing about Harry Harry
Reid he that you know people would look
at him and they would talk about it I
think Limbaugh he's come Dirty Harry and
then you would see like which conjures
up an image of Clint Eastwood it with a
gun and and then Harry Reid would sit
there and he looks like you know he
looks like I asked somebody wants to
didn't know Harry Reid was like what do
you think this guy does my god
pediatrician yes and he just sit there
and just look meekly and you knew that
he had like a like a 16 inch blade
underneath the table Merkley has that
sort of quality too I have got some
other but here's the thing what I think
I heard someone suggest this he was the
only senator to endorse Bernie Sanders
yet yet he did not alienate anyone else
in the Senate because of it yeah and he
managed to sort of like walk that line
yeah which was which suggests that the
guy has the ability to both sort of like
maintain relationships
- you know still present some type of
perspective well that's one of the
things about the culture of the Senate
and I think it's one of the things
that's sort of destructive about it as
an institution is that absolutely those
personal relationships matter more than
ideology and I think like you look at
the hatred in the Senate for someone
like Ted Cruz and it's not ideological
they just don't like him right and like
they're enough and comedy comedy with a
tea beats everything else and so you
could you could definitely have a fairly
I think left-wing Democratic leader as
long as they respected those personal
relationships I think yeah and I think
that's a big part of it I mean maybe
that's why you know it I don't know
whether or not II has the mind that one
needs to sort of you know play this
chess game out but this sort of
dovetails a little bit with with that
that shade left it's I don't want to
call it a debate but it's it's out there
where Jonathan shade had written a piece
basically saying that the left was
problematic that that is not a new thing
of his probably one that he's been
writing about I don't know when the
first time I ever interviewed you but it
was probably a decade at least a decade
ago and it was shape was well into that
is for many years but the twist is is
that he was promoting the democracy
movement which is the first time I've
ever heard of that movie which is and
there's a new organization I think that
started where Bill Kristol is signed on
and Benjamin Witness and yeah and
they're like the Pritzker's are yes yeah
yes and huge Democratic money ostensibly
to save our democracy right from from
Donald Trump the and that the idea is we
we got to be nonpartisan
yeah and just focus on saving our to put
our agendas aside and focus on this on
on this democracy movement and Eric
Levitz wrote well
you know the real danger to our
democracy is all of the the way American
capitalism I think he puts it yes and
which I think he would also define is at
this point
highly monopolistic completely you know
there's a disequilibrium labor has no
power I think you could also say you
know capital has far too much power
suits your justices yes I mean all the
problems that we see with with American
capitalism today
he says that's a bigger threat to
democracy and the real problem with
these norms movement is that you got a
vote for Chuck Schumer and Democrats to
