[Music]
so meanwhile and we have we have sound
basically I mean mostly about about the
the really relentless project that the
right seems to have when it comes to
pushing back on high school students I
mean it is both amazing to see students
get this involved in politics on such a
intense level and as inspiring as I
think all of us find it apparently the
right wing finds it terrifying ben
shapiro seems to have dedicated his
entire online presence to making the
case that david Hogue one of the
students from from Parkland has no right
to be talking about about guns here is a
Ben Shapiro's and and for the life of me
I can't quite figure out I mean because
the Ben spends about four minutes of his
ten minute clip talking about how he is
going to disassemble them each factual
in mistake that David Hogan and it ends
up being just a like a media critique of
the way that he's approached so in that
vein let me just start by saying that in
the early 90s MTV developed a style of
shooting which at the time seemed
interesting but it was incredibly
annoying and that is I'm shooting and
I'm talking direct to camera and what
MTV is going to do is like we're gonna
put another camera in the room that's
gonna make it look like we're a fly on
the wall so we're going to see somebody
talked to camera but they're not going
to be talking to our camera and for some
reason ben shapiro has dug deep into the
old old old playbook of stuff that used
to be interesting 25 years ago and
actually was always annoying and half of
this is
him staring into something that is not
the camera so I would just say if as
long as we're on media critique that
would be my media critique of eventually
or you just I don't know what it is I
mean we do a radio show here so we don't
always talk into camera but I'm not
gonna set up another camera over here to
watch me talk into this camera the bench
bureau does but watch this it's sort of
fascinating because they really really
are scared of this and do we have the
front part where Shapiro in teasing okay
well so bench Bureau is talking about
how again just because you're a victim
of a shooting does not make you an
expert on I guess gun control which you
know I'm not even sure if that's
accurate because one of the main reasons
why you might want to have gun control
is that you realize the horror that guns
cause and if you've been a victim of
that your level of understanding of that
is in many respects unrivaled so maybe
the exact policy prescriptions that
these students are calling for shouldn't
be just taken hotel but the idea of more
gun control and less guns I think you
couldn't be better situated than to have
been part of a mass shooting event to be
an expert on why we would might need
that but in his wind-up of talking about
facts that he was going to deliver he
just sort of casually said just because
George Soros was a collaborator during
the Nazis doesn't mean that I'm gonna
take his political opinions George Soros
went through the Holocaust right here's
a guy who ended up having to help the
Nazis in order to survive I can still
say that I think all of his political
perspectives are shared garbage and it
doesn't mean that I'm criticizing George
Soros his experiences in the Holocaust
now
I think if you actually lived through
the Holocaust you might have a certain
insight into the rise of fascism to what
happens to victims of that fascism to
what can happen to families during that
time but Ben Shapiro wants to strawman
that just a little bit more and then to
put a little cherry on top of that he
continues the lie that George Soros was
a collaborator George Soros and I don't
care about George Soros his reputation
but it's just pointing out the lie that
has been Shapiro I mean he winds up to
talk about I'm only going to talk about
facts let me just casually drop in this
total lie George Soros was 14 years old
at the end at the end of World War two
at one point he was being protected by
some type of local Hungarian official
who was charged with going up to a
wealthy Jews estate who apparently had
been rounded up at that point
and taking an inventory and he brought
Soros with him because he was protecting
him and hiding him from the Nazis so
they said Soros was there part of that
inventory presumably and so this is
metastasized into George Soros was a
collaborator and the guy who is
criticizing students for just being
victims of gun violence and not having
faxes he sort of casually puts that out
there is like one it really makes you
rewatch Schindler's List yeah all those
collaborators with Schindler indeed all
right well here is a Ben Shira Shapiro's
a point the breaking down the facts that
were apparently problematic in David
Hogg's speech approximately 200,000
people showed up in large for our lives
it's a good number it's a solid number
in the March for Life in 2012 had
650,000 people who showed up to it
was the media coverage blanket the way
that it was on Saturday now posit now I
would bet just about anything that he is
not comparing apples to apples there
200,000 was a private organizations
assessment the organizers said 800,000 I
would bet on the anti-abortion rallies
that he's talking about we have a
similar dynamic but go ahead I don't
think that this is about the kids at
Parkland kids are kids
some of them say smart things some of
them say dumb things and just because
some tragedy fell upon them doesn't mean
that they suddenly have expertise on
guns for example but the main issue here
is why the media have decided to
highlight and spotlight these kids and
the reason is because the kids can say
things that the media can hide behind
the high school
kids who don't really know much about
guns don't know much about gun control
but can speak with passion and Verve and
are attractive on camera they can say
things that the media want to say but
know that they would be bashed about the
ears for saying because they are
supposed to be objective and so what the
media do instead is they put all of
these kids on camera for hours at a time
and then claim that if you criticize
what these kids are saying they're
actually criticizing the experience of
experiences of these kids this is
another form of identity politics so
identity politics is this idiotic
concept from the left that suggests that
we can identify the quality of your
perspective simply by the color of your
skin or your ethnicity or your age or
sorry pause it for one second alright
let me just add I don't know who he's
talking to he's literally talking down
on the desk and sort of like looking at
the camera one eye but that's not what
identity politics are at all and I'm not
defending identity politics but that's
not what identity politics are identity
politics when we talk about identity
politics you can't identify the quality
of an argument based upon the color of
your skin that's not what identity
politics are identity politics are when
a certain group votes based on the
attributes of that group and they think
that it's going to be representative of
them to vote for someone who reflects
those attributes yeah actually Ben I
think you've got that confused with us
standpoint histology okay there you go
so for instance you might say like I'm a
white guy I'm just gonna vote for the
white guy that would be identity
politics that would certainly be
identity or perhaps that like the
original identity politics in the sense
that he's using yes of course continue
all right this is later now when he
finally after like eight minutes gets to
his critique of this high school student
who he really really really has a
problem with and two Republicans are
actually gonna show up in broader
numbers
thanks to this sort of demagoguery than
they would otherwise here we can
continue oposite okay okay so he's now
trying to take down david hogs argument
that more people are going to come out
and vote against donald trump because of
this stuff or against republicans
he has shapiro has some argument that
that's not the case actually this
demagoguery is going to motivate people
to come and vote i don't know where he
has the data from that there is a poll
that just came out today that shows that
only thirty two percent of people who
are voting who are trump voters are
excited to vote there are 68 percent of
people who are excited to vote to vote
against the Trump and the Republicans
but people who say they're most eager to
vote strongly disapprove of Trump and a
new poll all right but whatever good
ninety six people die every day from
guns in our country yet most
representatives have no public stance
okay positive one second okay first of
all ninety six people die in our country
every day sixty six of those people died
from suicide okay two-thirds of all the
people who are was it in other words
sixty six people die from shooting
themselves which is in no way contrary
to David Hogg's point but continued
great day sixty six of those people died
from suicide okay two-thirds of all the
people who are lumped into the gun
violence statistics are suicides second
of all the vast positive people now
here's something I want to explain when
you take a gun
you shoot yourself in the head or you
shoot yourself in the mouth that is a
very violent act that would be gun
violence and in fact if I decide to
shoot myself with a gun like this I'm
going to die if I decide I'm going to
kill myself with a scissors or by taking
too many pills or whatever my chances of
dying are much less actually and a lot
of those people go on to actually
continue to live their lives get some
help
things turn around well who are killed
with guns in the United States are
killed with handguns the proposals that
are been pushed by March for our live
students have nothing to do with
handguns they have to do with ar-15s and
so-called assault rifles okay so none of
this makes any sense on a policy level
positive on a policy level let's be
clear here that we do we pass laws all
the time that are not geared towards
solving every single problem in society
in fact we have a whole host of
financial laws that don't apply to every
single possible financial crime
malfeasance that could be taking place
and it's like I don't even what is the
analogy I have why are we out lying
shoplifting when it doesn't in any way
impact embezzlement that's actually as a
question I would seriously it's a Mis
appropriate round we say we're going to
make take this to every election to
every state in every city we're going to
make sure the best people get in our
elections to run not as politicians but
as Americans because this
this is not cutting it when people try
to suppress your vote and the transyl
who stands against you because you're
too young we say no more when
politicians say that your voice doesn't
matter because the NRA owns them we say
no more okay so we can stop it there I
don't need to listen the rest of this
okay so first of all the yelling and the
screaming I know there are a lot of
young kids who think that when they do
this that this is actually just showing
passion on the podium it doesn't it just
it's it's not convincing it doesn't make
people like you it doesn't make people
rally behind you ready to go let me just
let me just let me just point out what's
going on here
ben shapiro who is sort of looking into
camera and not quite centered in camera
just her looking like this is giving
tips on how to excite people i just want
to point that out
one of like a and I will say this
because this is impressive because I
know back when I was in show business
you would look for something like this
where how can I put someone who has that
quality where you could put him in a
room alone right just alone no nothing
particularly threatening them nothing
nothing happening in the room shoot them
and get and develop tension and
uncomfortability and he's got it he's
definitely got who you could just sit
here and watch him drink a cup of coffee
and feel uncomfortable because you could
feel how uncomfortable is in his own
skin well let me also just add here
though and I know you're gonna get to it
but I mean there's a lot there's some
sophistry going on here and he's moving
the goalposts from a rational critique
of policy to now a media critique of
presentation that is the problem fallacy
logical fallacy logical fallacy logical
fallacy hominem classic move by the the
conservatives when they don't have the
policy recommendations to talk about
they talk about the form over substance
and so that is what we see here
happening but they say it really fast so
they sound smart I'm gonna say it very
quickly and I'm going to look down
sideways into the camera logical fallacy
logical fallacy and the it just it's
it's it's not convincing it does not
make people like you and people rally
behind you know people don't have to
comb this and reason actually make
people rally behind be more than much
preferring cognizant read from the point
in this whole thing fully NRA owns
politicians it's just not true but
absolutely I guess that that's not the
point the point here that the course to
demagogue the issue as much as humanly
possible it wasn't just David hog who
did this at the end of it he he gave
sort of a revolution symbol the person
who did this is the best actually I will
say Emma Gonzales is the most skilled
power let me let me let me pretend that
I am giving a rational critique by
throwing a bone to one of the other
students there and so I I I just I I I
think I've made my point over and over
again which is them bad me good so okay
what happens next man that guy has
really got down he he has really
perfected the I'm so uncomfortable in my
skin I can barely breathe yeah that is
called presentation that's right
presentation yeah but it's also called
this country cannot distinguish between
sophistry and actual thought I mean this
guy the cool kids philosopher and then
the air times this guy Wow
most true some title yet from them for
anything
