on the majority report on the phone it
is a pleasure to welcome back to the
program
Nathan J Robinson he is the editor of
current affairs magazine at karna fares
dot org Nathan welcome to the show thank
you okay so your piece has gotten a lot
of people have cited it as being the
sort of the most comprehensive piece on
the the many myriad of of lies and ways
judge Cavanaugh lied during his hearing
and we just played a clip from Jeff
Flake and Chris Coons
from 60 minutes when they were asked if
it was shown that Cavanaugh lied during
the hearing would that be enough to
disqualify him and they said yes they
didn't say specifically shown about
lying what or about what or or what
shown means right but I suggest that
maybe people start sending your piece to
them or they can just yeah listen to the
show if they don't want to have to if
they can't read but definition have
shown you adopt I think I made it
somewhere in the 11,000 words of that
article let's let's let's go through
some of these and we you you basically
just walk through without making an
assessment of what Ford says just
judging or I guess assessing what a
Cavanaugh says so you start with a
Cavanaugh's denial and this is the first
one that you cite I never attended a
gathering like the one dr. Ford
describes in her allegation now
please address that for us and to some
extent it's sort of a shame it feels
like the Democrats either didn't have
the
information long enough beforehand which
is very possible or they just didn't do
enough in researching this stuff to push
back but we have the the the it's the
the value of hindsight but go ahead what
walk us through that well I mean I I do
think though I think they had a lot of
information and didn't use it well there
was plenty of stuff that was just in
plain sight
yeah so the gathering lie he says I
never attended a gathering like the one
this for destroyed and there's been sort
of efforts to hint that it was like this
is this she's describing this kind of
big bacchanalian party like a toga party
or something like this crazy party but
everyone would have remembered but
actually it hurts her Testament she says
that she's been misrepresented in the
press because it wasn't a large party
was a small gathering with friends in
Bethesda with a fogger few drinks now
Kara not of course attended small
gatherings in bethesda of a few drinks
when he says he didn't attend a
gathering like this i mean i'm sure it's
a lot of gathering like this but then he
also goes on to specify and say i didn't
attend a gathering I also didn't attend
the gathering with any of the people
with the group of people that presume
latest thoughts says were activists
gathering and that is just directly
contradicted by Alaba that he provided
to exonerate himself yeah I mean he he
mentioned specifically that July 1st
entry involves six people four of whom
were ones that she said was that a party
very similar to that yes she named she
said that she remembered for boys Brett
PJ mark judge and one whose name she
couldn't remember and on the July 1st
entry July 1st 7 1982 Brett Kavanaugh
says he's going for drinks over to
Timmy's we with Mark judge PJ and a
couple of other boys from so the group
when he tries to say you know these were
my
people like he started naming other
people that he did hang out with other
somehow and he didn't mention the fact
that when she said Mark and PJ those
were his friends he did go to gatherings
with them so the interesting thing here
is not is that he also buried that
information right he tried he tried
deliberately to direct the Senate's
attention away from this event by
pointing to weekends he does this
fascinating thing where he goes well
presumably the event she's describing
happened on a weekend and I was usually
out of town on the weekend but this July
first gathering is on a Thursday so you
can see why he wants to push you towards
what he can now we should also say that
on the first there's another guy there
squee who is Chris Garrett and Chris
Garrett was had the great misfortune of
being the evil doppelganger in ed
Wieland's fevered conspiracy but he also
in real life if I'm not mistaken was the
one that Ford said we introduced me to
Cavanaugh yes yes she says that Chris
Garrett Chris squee Garrett
they went out a couple of times and that
yeah he was her connection to Cavanaugh
we know that Cavanaugh Lucas because
he's on the calendar how so we know he
knew Chris Garrett now Chris Jerrod I
don't think there's many public
statements about whether he knew
Christine Ford I don't know whether he's
backed up or denied what she says but
that would be a connection
Brent Cavanaugh said they didn't move in
the same social circle I mean Cavanaugh
testimony essentially tries to suggest
that she's talked like she's totally
off-base she was I get a different
school on the other side of town and we
didn't move in the same circle they
never saw this woman she and and
actually it's that the circles that they
know the entirely much much closer than
what he described in his head tonight it
would be an unbelievable coincidence
that this woman had
created this fiction about these people
who all just happen to be good buddies
of kavitha's and he just like out of
whole cloth like she would have come up
with this right like how could she
possibly know that judge and caveat were
such good friends if she didn't know
them it's right if he did it and she
said that she said that she was at this
thing with the judge and PJ before he
released the calendars confirming it and
the other thing is that her account is
corroborated by Mark judge's memoir
because she said in her testimony at six
weeks six to eight weeks later she ran
into mark judge and he looks very
embarrassed and he didn't want to talk
to her she ran into him at his job at
the supermarket and in mark judges
memoir he says that late late in that
summer he was working at the supermarket
so there are details that do add up
people said there's no corroboration I
mean you know depends what you consider
corroboration but there are reasons to
believe that I mean she's definitely not
as Cavanaugh portrayed her he wanted to
suggest that all of this was just
totally totally crazy I mean to me the
Kris interviewing Chris Garrett has
always struck me to be the most
important person they could interview I
mean obviously judge but Judge is going
to get up there and live it sure it
strikes me as chris Garrett would have a
very tough time lying about the fact
that he knew that they knew each other
right that that like I mean all it would
take is him to say no I did I introduced
him to Cavanaugh SH course she knew
Cavanaugh of course Cavanaugh knew her
yeah and that's the end of the game
right there I mean that's the night the
it seems to me that crucial what are you
gonna say I mean if he says nobly
informed me and Kristy Ford never went
out well that really hurts you know what
she's saying but if he says yeah she's
completely correct about that then that
really does make out a case for a
Cavanaugh I mean we've already made out
the case that happen all right under
Rose a bunch of times you don't need to
do it more times on I stress in this
article that the investigation is almost
a necessary at this point just because
from the testimony
Delp you have so many damning things
well I want to talk about what we'll get
to the investigation in a moment to the
extent that there is one because you
know it's pretty arguable that there is
not one even not even an inquiry and and
we will get there but let's go through a
couple of these key moments so he lied
about never being at a party like the
one she talks about in fact he also
later admitted he was at a party almost
exactly like the woman she talked about
as defined by the people in the location
and the sort of offhand Annette do we
have a sense though his argument is like
we would we would go to Tobin's house
and work out I what is your sense I know
you don't really touch on in the piece
I'm just curious like there's something
weird about the Tobin's house workouts
because he also during the testimony
well he got super emotional about about
those workouts well he got emotional
about a lot of things in that testimony
when he started talking about it
calendars he started weeping which was
very very odd well no I thought it was
okay because it was reminded him of his
dad and he was doing it because he want
to be like his dad and then he you know
I I don't have that kind of relationship
I brought that what I thought I thought
initially when I thought it that his
father was deceased and he was
reminiscing but his father was in the
room well maybe he was upset that he had
to have his dad to hear about how he
here is that you know have his dad watch
him lie about this I I don't know yeah I
don't I don't know what to make of the
workouts I'm trying to be I'm trying to
be really really cautious about not
speculating you know people have emailed
me a ton of stuff where they like and
what about this additional thing I'm
like yeah it is fishy and strange I mean
the whole calendar thing is strange to
begin with like keeping these meticulous
calendars but you know I'm trying to
have actually even though I come to a
very strong conclusion I'm trying to
produce a really conservative case all
right so enough I'm not arguing yeah
all right I'll respect that won't make
you go to places where I where I'm going
so it says here at one point Cavanaugh
said all the witnesses who were there
that day say it didn't happen
ms kaiser this is Leland Kaiser
this is Ford's friend just really I mean
amazing how many friends well okay well
Cavan I didn't say miss Kaiser her
longtime friend said she never saw me at
a party with or without dr. Ford the
only problem is that miss Kaiser never
said that in fact none of the people
gave the denial that that Cavanaugh
claimed they did just tease that out for
us yes mark judge kind of did his first
statement didn't then the second
statement said well I've never seen
Brett Kavanaugh do anything like this
which does suggest that it didn't happen
but Oh TJ statement just says I have no
knowledge of this and I have no no it's
very important the Kavanagh conflated
them cuz he thought people wouldn't
notice but I have no knowledge of the
thing is not the same as I have
knowledge that the thing is false and
and that's really important because I
might not know about something and it
might still be true um and so Leland
Leland Kaiser is interesting because
this is egregious right Brett Kavanaugh
goes in front of the Senate and he says
and he emphasizes over and over I
collected the clips and it's about five
times he said all of the people say it
didn't happen and then he cites a couple
of times he said miss Kaiser she said it
didn't happen she's the best friend if
she said it then there's nothing and you
know for I must be crazy essentially the
implication but I thinks it did happen
one said she thought she told her
Washington Post says she believes
Christine four which means that she
actually thinks the opposite of what
Cavanaugh said she thinks so I mean I I
just think that's a brightening you that
he knows what exciting what she said
he's just fighting in the opposite
because he thinks he can fool people um
so it's just false he just told a
falsehood that's another one we'll chalk
up for his line no I mean I don't know I
guess how important do you think not
lying to the Senate is to be a justice
of the Supreme Court just I mean
I say pretty important I mean the whole
the whole thing a whole mythology of the
court is the sanctity of the rule of law
and oaths of office and the dignity of
the United States government I mean if
if you just go before the Senate and you
just treat me oh so your your oath with
total contempt that should disqualify
you not just from being on the Supreme
Court but probably from holding any
matrix government office ever again
let's talk about the country-club there
was a real sense according to Cavanaugh
that like and I think even the
prosecutor was trying to make it like
the country-club the you know the was
sort of everybody was untethered from
the country club in some fashion but
that's not exactly the case either is it
right Karen I'll try to suggest again
that everything was so far apart we
never moved in the same circle but when
you look at anything you know whether
the Country Club is not near where I
lived so and and Christine Ford says she
was at the Country Club that day so
that's not where that looks well the
fence is actually pretty small it's
about five miles across
that's a rough estimate it's more ahead
and there was a map presented in the
Senate that showed where they all lived
and they all live within a few miles of
each other and four and I think
Cavanaugh actually lived closer to the
country clubs and fourth did so I mean
he's again he's just trying to create an
impression that if you actually look
into if you look at a map you can
instantly see is completely full also by
the way when I came in fact is that his
father and Christine Ford's father were
members of the same Golf Club so
forgiveness it's the same circle they
came they both were like DC elite
schools so they're very very close ties
yeah and they're all making it out like
these are huge distances but I mean
these are all like you can ride your
bike in 20 minutes to any of these
places
