do you think then in the context of your
talking with activists and we'll get to
this see the Arizona special election in
a minute but that's very interesting to
me because it strikes me that if
activists are exerting some of that
power and and let's again let's not over
eat it but at the same time someone like
Cory Booker representing New Jersey with
his political record the simple reality
of him not taking Pharma money is
actually a small sea change in American
politics there's no doubt about it on
the activist side what I'm wondering is
do you think that there's a perception
from that sort of success and pressure
that not only do they need to keep it up
even if say you know Bernie's elected
and you have an actual for real
progressive president that they're that
because the forces basically of
corporate oligarchy or you know
structurally aligned to benefit in this
country against broader public interests
that you know action and pressure is
gonna need to be continuous and does
that also you think some of that same
you know energy that gets applied
electorally do you think that some of
these activists are also thinking about
more broadly like what are all of the
things that we need to bring to bear on
this you know protest exposure local
action you know I guess what I'm saying
is is there a sort of in this resurgence
of action and some of the results that
it's getting is it do you think on the
activist side it's also getting framed
to include but extend beyond even like
the game of Democratic Party politics Oh
interesting and and yeah I don't know
the answer to that I can tell you that
like some of these that certainly the
labor fight in Arizona for example so if
you cut the other way you know where
activism on a non electoral issue had a
like to a delightful spillover effects
for Democrats there and probably will
continue to do so if they can keep this
heat going and you know there have been
a number of Oklahoma State Legislature
seats but if it's even before the
Oklahoma teachers strike
where that was a factor very clearly you
know so do I think that if it you know
if a factory shuts down and they're
thinking about it and it's in bankruptcy
deliberations and you've got a hot
Democratic primary in that district that
someone's gonna see that and and that's
gonna then or that accidents are going
to mobilize of a particular candidate
and then that's going to be an existing
core for labor to take advantage of or
something like that I assume we're
talking about labor we're talking about
criminal justice grassroots yeah all
this and everything like that yeah
exactly right you know III just I
haven't um I don't know that I've seen
it yet go the other way in the sense of
having electoral moving the needle
electoral II reaping benefits for people
and kind of like public policy fights
social movement type sites maybe
actually you know what may be the best
best case the best example of that is in
the case of Dominion energy in Virginia
which I spoke about on this show where
you had this blue waved at the state
legislative level you know and it's all
these little tiny groups you know
network Nova Network Northern Virginia
which is like we can basically think of
all these groups that's indivisible
groups they're reading the indivisible
guide and you know the hash tag
resistance and they include like sort of
died in the world lefties and kind of
more run-of-the-mill Democrats and even
some people that are maybe just pissed
off at Trump know is that they weren't
they were able to really reform like
like sort of tighten up and buck the
Democratic governor Ralph Northam a oh
not necessarily buck him but forced him
into a position where he was signing an
energy regulation bill that was a lot
tougher and block this issue of double
dipping by the utility companies
precisely because they had this existing
network from the mobilization in
November for the election right yeah I
think that's exactly what I would be and
and I also just want to add to the mix
to I think any other like I think what
Larry Krassner is doing this da in
Philadelphia is also really sort of
putting even more pressure if you're
running some type of particularly left
campaign where you're going into some
type of you know executive position
basically I mean he's setting a roadmap
of like yeah I'm delivering right like I
didn't you know campaign and all this
stuff and now I'm in office and I've got
to placate all these other interests
like I'm just doing it
and I actually think in a certain way it
does it's not I mean it was national
news again yesterday because of Meek
Mill but I think he is also a kind of
subtle sort of prompt and raising
expectation levels across the board too
but let's get to Arizona blues Arizona's
eighth district Republican there was
just re-elected but a radically
decreased margin talk about that who are
the players yeah so okay it wasn't a
real I said Republican but Republicans
held the see it was an open seat because
Trent Franks one of the sort of
staunchest apportion abortion opponents
in the United States has a form a
incredibly wealthy former oil executive
actually and this is these are in kind
of like the I guess you could say like
manera of Phoenix suburbs doesn't
include any of the City of Phoenix but
it's it's Phoenix suburbs that are that
include places like Sun City which is
basically like a plan the golf course
community for people 55 and older so
we're talking about generally middle
class of wealthy retirees that's a lazy
that like Jamie on our show is planning
on retiring to a Arizona built man built
a golf course entirely yeah very ego
yeah because there's one has a ton of
water
great so play golf there right yes hold
Sun city which has South African
parallels I know you appreciate yeah
yeah exactly I didn't notice that that's
kind of terrifying yeah what do we call
this place that we want to
exclude minorities from and have a man
built white golf course closed city on
hmm what was a place that I wouldn't
perform at in the 80s Oh got it right
yeah yeah no it's and then they don't
yeah and there's another town called Sun
City West so you know this is kind of a
character this is not Connor lamb in
Pennsylvania's 18th we're like you know
like need this like would be kind of
grandpa figure of organized labor just
you can still occasionally get him up
off the couch you know like my I'm
metaphorically speaking like like labor
wasn't really a factor it was also not a
very diverse district but you've got old
folks and you've also just got like some
ordinary people some of whom probably
don't always vote in elections like this
and Trent Franks had to resign in
December in disgrace really at the
urging of Paul Ryan because he
apparently pretty creepily approached at
least one of his female staff members
about being a surrogate mother for him
in law I use the sirhan a guy okay right
yeah yeah and and you know he's like
this extraordinarily won't be oil
multi-millionaire she's just like yeah
we did you five million dollars and
maybe the creepiest part of it is that
it you know and that there was
apparently more than one conversation
about this but apparently like one of
the creepier parts was it wasn't exactly
clear whether he wanted it to be like a
sperm donor type situation or just like
a you know handmaiden sort of thing you
know I like right and the hen mates now
yeah well like you know the Bible says
you can be my concubine you know just to
carry my child in the buying yeah and
and so you know whatever the that has
all the different implications he's like
the holy House Republican to to to
either announced they were retiring or
resigned suddenly this year and
basically the Democrats had their own
little primary actually and this is
something I didn't really write about at
all but there's a transgender woman
Breanna wet Westbrook who's also a car
salesperson
who apparently some activist credit her
for pushing hero tipper ninny the
physician and healthcare advocate ever
so slightly to the left though you know
I've heard that disputed and and and so
he has this candidate it someone who
emigrated with a family from India at
the age of three grew up in Ohio has
been living this district over twenty
one years public school parent and was
an emergency room doctor until about ten
years ago as Republicans point out she
was sued for malpractice she which I
frankly that's like pretty calm and I
think yeah they're not I'm a fan of the
trial lawyers in a lot of ways but I
mean if you're a doctor getting sued for
malpractice is not yeah that's actually
fairly typical doesn't mean maybe she
did do something wrong but that doesn't
stand it's pretty ironic that Rosalyn
either way Republicans like who doing
everything to make sure that people you
know doctors insurance companies and
hospitals can do whatever they want it's
pretty it's a pretty rich line of attack
for them but whatever yeah totally and
you know this whole thing like all
appearing in scrubs and her ad it's like
god those clothes off but whatever and
then they had this but she and the
citizen she had been working for a
non-profit sort of advocating cancer
research and her still using you know
her doctorate capacities and she was
running against a conservative former
state senator kind of like a very I
think very typical post 2010 sort of you
know and I think that want to see
exactly when she came in to office but
you know this was someone who to me
represented yes so she had been a member
really since 2009 so not exactly the Tea
Party wave but extremely conservative
tied to conservative billionaire money
for sure was the lead sponsor of a a
private school voucher bill in the
Arizona State Senate you know sort of a
whole nine yards anti-abortion
very much embodies the Obama era of red
state which is got state government
public spending attitude and just to cut
taxes and to privatize things right and
so it was a natural material to Bernie
and Debbie Lesko and this conservative
person and I think what was so
interesting to me and I didn't you know
it wasn't necessarily the headline of my
coverage but when you're looking at as I
really do and everything that I looked
at the these sort of Overton Window the
acceptable policy discourse window
moving in the United States here you had
someone doctor here Little Dipper ninny
someone who was a physician running a
district that trent franks had won by
like thirty five percent of the last
time here and it was almost I think the
nominee against him in 2016 was a Green
Party members I mean the Dems hadn't
even nominated anything that's a
ridiculous this district was right and
and and Trump won it by 21 points so
there were some you know just often see
this phenomenon occur like clearly there
were Republicans who couldn't stomach
Trump in that district but what soon
you're talking about a very very
conservative district you're not even
really talking about a working-class one
in like the rest Rust Belt or something
like that where you can kind of kind of
do a jiu jitsu sort of move this was and
she basically said look I'm a doctor
I've seen how medic medical healthcare
is practiced in this country and I just
don't think that the private insurance
companies are going to get their act
together unless we give create real
competition and little competition would
include a public option for all in
Medicare buy an option right and to me
that was remarkable because she
identified as a moderate Democrat she
told me this she was like oh I'm a
moderate Democrat I'm data-driven I'm a
scientist but it in terms of her actual
policies she was for Medicare buy-in and
she only lost
something like between five and six
points in a district Petrov won by 20
points so I think that's incredibly
significant she also lead heavily into
defending Social Security and Medicare
which is interesting you know and it may
be politically expedient in a senior
heavy district but as you know five or
six years ago that's not even happening
in a district like that that's not
coming the Democrats were embracing not
at all
so I mean so the kind of three big
lessons that I'm hearing are like first
yes this isn't the type of district
where you know you can sort of make the
look just run a Bernie style campaign or
even in Connor lambs case yes he he was
right on guns on abortion which are you
know and even even on abortion I don't
he wasn't actually running illegal
unmaking an elite you know he was
actually just culturally signifying that
he's personally opposed but not actually
in any way committed to changing the
legal status of abortion but and Cannell
on some TV show after this and the
Republican guy was you know all over the
place with all this was you know an
anomaly and Connor Lam was you know he
was anti Pelosi and anti guns and pro
guns in blah blah and I was like you
know I basically said I was like dude he
was talking about labor unions raising
wages and social like that was his
campaign it was actually all economic
populism and that made a big difference
but this wasn't that kind of district at
all there wasn't that you called it did
jujitsu they sort of move
the judo move and then but then at the
same time like what is defined as
moderate is getting really radically
expanded and I think you know the irony
of it is if you go back to Obamacare
even people like Jacob hacker at Yale
right they really were saying that
basically like yes the public option is
a thing that good you know at least like
actual liberals want because they care
about public delivery and they
understand that the health care industry
is dangerous and pernicious but the way
this thing is designed and had and the
complexity of it a major part of it it
stands on having a public option so it
is interesting that she
just sort of going back in some ways to
just that like a genuinely data-driven
position not one that sort of talks data
but actually just sort of as political
affiliation
like that's actual data if you want to
pursue that kind of approach to health
care sort of a managed care regulated
competitive market it's not going to
succeed without a public option yeah
yeah I mean it's pretty interesting and
you can then say if you make it like
sort of like this is just an option and
you don't need to talk about the price
tag either right you know it was sort of
interesting to hear because right
because it's been just like oh well
people will just pay premiums like
English you know and she wasn't talking
about it like being the same exact
Medicaid for a low for those people but
you know the the Republicans were kind
of interesting on this because they saw
this was like a huge soft underbelly I
mean they really they leaned hard into
like I mean her opponent was like you
know basically you're Bernie Sanders you
know I mean she literally said that in a
televised debate you know and and and
all the expert would say Bernie Sanders
Medicare for all plan is gonna cost 32
trillion dollars and the NRCC which
elects Republicans the house was telling
me like you know yo we're stomping on
single-payer you know this is just
another she'll be the first single payer
advocate to lose but certainly not the
last they say it like that well I think
it wasn't like you know Bradley Whitford
and doing Madison but or J Moore I
forget what do these dreams like yeah
right right but like it was like it was
it was literally a quote like that I
can't even I don't have it in front of
me but it was like she'll be one of many
you know single-payer advocates and it's
just like okay so the reduced of talking
and everything like single area nine
even heard like Connor Lam who wasn't
even talking about a Medicare buy it
they like in in his like I heard like
the state Republican party chair at some
event
they're being like it's socialism
single-payer and sanctuary cities like
not like you know it is just a it
doesn't resonate when it's clearly not
true
but B maybe it just doesn't resonate and
you know I think a really interesting
test case of this Michael will be racist
like Randy prices because Randy price is
interesting in that he's running in a
difficult district I think prior to
Ryan's resignation it was even higher
like more difficult I'm sure that he is
campaign wouldn't even like me saying
this but I think in some ways a lot of
the establishment support that he got
was about giving the middle finger to
Paul Ryan and and that he's getting
support from everyone right he's got
he's got a mayor out he's got now the
d-triple-c and citizens united these are
clips that are more associated with the
establishment and of course he was
concluded by the Working Families for
party and he's endorsed by our
revolution and and and and and and on
and on and on and and I think the people
are really excited and driving his
candidacy there's no progressive
activists but I almost feel like DeMars
National DC based Democrats were kind of
like well he's almost sort of like yeah
we got this really authentic blue-collar
guide and that we can pit against Paul
Ryan isn't that a nice little narrative
turn for all right whereas now it's it's
like you don't have the Speaker of the
House in there with eleven million
dollars in cash on hand who can just
raise millions you know with the snap of
a finger this is this is looking like a
real race and you have the situation
where as a d-trip basically I think was
forced to deal seriously with them
because of how much money he raised that
one of their red to blue candidates is
just not only an out-and-out
medicare-for-all advocate but an
apologize guy so that's I think and I'm
keeping my eye on a bunch of those one
dynamic that that's interesting it and
that I'm thinking about writing about is
that because you talk about this kind of
cohort of Senate
Democrats that is really and by the way
you know just talking about Kirsten
Gillibrand
if she is you know sort of just putting
it on or really kind of if it in any way
is look we know that it's politically
expedient but if it in any way doesn't
reflect our values that she hasn't
actually moved in terms of her core
convictions I will say it from having
spoken to her she's damn good it
sounding like it right and right it was
not something that you could you could
say of Hillary Clinton for example
Hillary would shake the box right you'd
be like oh now I'm against TPP you know
it would be in like some press release
and you know or but like Gillibrand is
like no like not everything should be so
prophet what is this country become so
it means you're saying things like that
so maybe that's that's pretty remarkable
but what's interesting to me and it may
be a function to some extent of
gerrymandering the function to some
extent of the election year thing is
it's big ambitious progressive ideas are
coming out of the Senate and not the
