we come back we are going to be we're
gonna be it is more than likely what
we're gonna see is the Cavanaugh
hearings and it is in my opinion that
the Democrats right now should be
focusing on their own people to make
sure that they do not that they
announced their opposition to Cavanaugh
just simply on the grounds of the fact
that Donald Trump we have every reason
to believe now that he has at least some
legal jeopardy that he that the
investigations are perfectly legitimate
in terms of the potential finding that
he committed a crime that doesn't mean
that he's going to be convicted it just
means that there is no doubt that this
guy is under investigation and that the
investigation is legit it is valid it
would be completely irresponsible to not
continue on with this investigation and
as such the legitimacy of this guy's
president is in question the legitimacy
of his pick that is going to change the
nature of the Supreme Court for thirty
years is in question senator mazie
Hirono has just made the first move as
far as I can tell this morning I've
cancelled my meeting with Judge
Cavanaugh Donald Trump who is an
unindicted co-conspirator in a criminal
matter does not deserve the courtesy of
a meeting with his nominee purposely
selected to protect as we say in Hawaii
his own oak oh I don't know exactly what
the OCO old means but I can imagine not
good watch your mouth
so hopefully Democrats will come out and
push this message I've been saying for
months now this should be the first
argument made to convince people like
Joe Manchin like Doug Jones like Heidi
Heitkamp like Joe Donnelly like Claire
McCaskill Democrats who may be wavering
because of large constituencies that
support Trump they don't have to take an
ideological position on this they can
take a purely formalistic procedural
position like there's a problem if they
need more justification for why you do
not provide the president any slack in
this instance they could simply turn to
Bret Cavanaugh's memo from almost to the
day almost to the day 20 years ago
August 15 1998 to Ken Starr and all
attorneys the the subject slack for the
president after reflecting this evening
I'm strongly opposed to giving the
president any break and the questioning
regarding the details of the Lewinsky
relationship unless before his
questioning on Monday he either won
resigns or two confesses perjury and
issues a public apology to you now this
is sheer insanity that you would be
investigating a constitutional issue and
it should be up to like apologizing to
the prosecutors can you imagine if
someone within the Muller team we saw an
email that said the way that the
president's been treating you robert
muller and talking about how weird
democrats and this and that you better
apologize or you should you should put
him in a perjury trap
I want to make something clear this
predates this predates the president
telling the supposedly
that he was impeached upon he goes on to
say the president I have tried hard to
bend over backwards and be fair to him
and think of all the reasonable defenses
to his pattern of behavior in the end
I'm convinced there really are none the
idea of going easy on him at the
questioning is thus abhorrent to me
that's a very young conservative word
these people are so creepy
the president has disgraced his office
the legal system and the American people
by having sex with a 22 year old intern
and turning her life into his shambles
is it hard for us to find women who have
been had their lives turned into
shambles in the wake of Donald Trump
callous and disgusting behavior there's
somehow gotten lost in the shuffle this
is the standard that Cavanaugh has set
for a president who should resign sounds
about right
the bottom line is the the the nominee
himself has set the standard for the way
the president should be treated he
should be forced to account for all that
and defend his actions it may not be our
job to impose sanctions on him but it is
our job to make his pattern of revolting
behavior clear piece by painful piece on
Monday the edges yeah was it more or
less same exact same same here are the
questions he suggests to ask the
president did you tell Monica Lewinsky
she should deny the nature of the
relationship she had you and she had if
Monica Lewinsky says you agreed to lie
about your relationship with her would
she be lying would Monica Lewinsky be
lying if she said you told her after her
name appeared on the witness list you
could always say you were coming to see
Betty or they were bringing me letters
Monica Lewinsky says you inserted a scar
into her vagina while you were in the
off Oval Office area would she be lying
if Monica Lewinsky says you had phone
sex were there on approximately 15
occasions would she be lying if Monica
Lewinsky says she on several occasions
in the Oval Office area you use your
fingers to stimulate her vagina and
bring her to orgasm which he'd be lying
now understand for Brett Kavanaugh to be
aware that these are questions that he
could get Bill Clinton charged with
lying to the investigation he's already
asked these specific questions of Monica
Lewinsky because he had to get to the
bottom of this and how many times did
you orgasm miss Lewinsky was probably
one of the questions if Monica Lewinsky
says that she gave you oral sex on nine
occasions in the Oval Office area which
she'd be lying he's very worried about
Monica Lewinsky in the callousness in
which she was treated Monica Lewinsky
how many times would you say that you
gave him oral sex had to be one of his
questions if Monica Lewinsky says that
you ejaculate in her mouth on two
occasions in the Oval Office area would
she be lying how many times did he come
in your mouth Monica Lewinsky this guy
who cares so much about Monica Lewinsky
if Monica Lewinsky says and on several
occasions you had to get that you had
her give oral sex made her stop and then
ejaculated into the sink of the bathroom
of the Oval Office would she be lying so
all those times that he did not
ejaculate in your mouth where did he
ejaculate if Monica Lewinsky says that
you masturbated into a trash can in your
secretary's office would she be lying
these are all things that Monica
Lewinsky was forced to answer after her
best friend tape recorded her an older
woman who was acting as her mentor who
apparently showed no callousness or
disregard for Monica Lewinsky's life to
understand this is not Monica Lewinsky
going to the Starr investigation saying
help me
this is the Starr investigation putting
a wire on Monica Lewinsky's best friend
to get evidence to trap a president this
is the standard that the nominee is set
and the question is should Donald Trump
be able to nominate anybody in the
Supreme Court with the massive amount of
corruption surrounding him forget the
words Russia if the words Russia had
never been brought up and this stuff was
was now being revealed you can bet that
there would be as much outrage maybe
more maybe the the notion that there's
some type of white whale out there about
collusion with Russia is somehow
understating the the enormous amount of
corruption that is engulfing the the
Trump administration we haven't even
mentioned the words Wilbur Ross on this
program and it's now just take it for
granted that he's bilked people out of a
hundred and twenty million dollars he
leaves two billion dollars off of his
disclosure form Jared Kushner the
president's one of its top advisors has
left so many things off his disclosure
form
all of which federal offenses federal
criminal offenses half a dozen of his
cabinet people have had to leave in
disgrace for corruption it's a it's a
cesspool all of this would be sufficient
they ambushed her I think she actually
was literally on a way to meeting Linda
Tripp if I understand correctly and they
showed up they brought her to a room and
before she was able to speak to an
attorney they they you know had her for
several hours I guess they technically
didn't hold her
but they you know terrorized her and
basically got her convinced that she was
gonna go to jail which would obviously
not have happened but they put it in her
head yep
and you know yes this he's worried about
how yeah we're well-being treating right
right just as a flashback since we're
talking about the Brett Kavanaugh memo
let's take a look at the integrity of
Ken Starr whose deputies are forcing
Monica Lewinsky to describe how many
times
Bill Clinton ejaculated in her mouth how
many times you gave them morals she gave
her him oral sex how many times did he
use his fingers to simulate your vagina
and how often were you brought to orgasm
by this let's look at this despicable
human being Ken Starr who when he was
the president of Baylor and Baylor did
not respond to the charges I think of
rape on the campus and listen to how he
responds in this segment with I guess
local channel 10 to the question about
what about those emails you got with the
subject line that said rape report
listen to him one of our questions was
about that email what about the victim
that came forward saying that she had
personally sent you an email in art for
I was an email saying in the subject
line that she was raped at Baylor did
you ever see that you know I honestly
may have I'm not deny that I saw it but
it's what happens moments later that
brings the interview to a halt what you
can't see during this interview is my
news director behind me
you also can't see a woman named Mary
spate who asked my boss to promise not
to use that portion of the interview
when he says no she interrupts our
interview
I need to talk to you sir okay do you
ask great question I'll take her can I
see one question I have got to talk to
you okay okay
Speight was introduced to our crew as a
longtime family friend what we've since
learned is she has a long resume in
crisis management
she's a communication specialist owns
her own firm and was once a director of
media relations at the White House for
President Reagan she also coach Starr
while he gave testimony to impeach Bill
Clinton after a few minutes away the two
returned she needs to ask you that
question again whether you do you okay
we asked a star again and he answers but
turns to spate apparently for coaching
all I'm gonna say is I honestly have no
recollection of that of seeing an email
then star answers again I honestly have
no recollection of seeing such an email
and I believed that I would remember
seeing such an email the prized new
University gets lots of emails I don't
even see a lot of the emails that come
into the office of the president I have
no recollection of it none whilst our
calls for transparency and openness it
appears his message is still being
tightly controlled not just tightly
controlled the guy's like literally
getting real-time training on the LA
online so evils produced that's crazy
it's nuts she's also such a I have
to say good least have a little dignity
with your PR coaching nice is that a
good way of covering up my rape there's
a lot of local news stations that would
have left a lot of that in the cutting
room floor without a doubt without a
doubt
