I'm all about them success
with PETA the destiny of America is
always safer in the hands of the people
than in the conference rooms of any
elite
they are unanimous hate for me and we
must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence whether sought or
unsought by the military-industrial
complex the majority report with sam
cedar it is tuesday october 30th 2018 my
name is sam cedar this is the five-time
award-winning majority report we are
broadcasting live steps from the
industrially ravaged Gowanus Canal in
the heartland of America downtown
Brooklyn USA on the program today LA
Kaufman on how to read a protest the art
of organizing and resistance also on the
program today
apparently Donald Trump thinks he can
end the constitutional right to
birthright citizenship by executive
order meanwhile to honor Jews killed in
Pittsburgh Mike Pence enlists a
Christian rabbi to pray for GOP
candidates and Trump now forcing himself
on the Pittsburgh victims meanwhile the
Pentagon sending 550 200 troops and
barricades to the border to stop those
families with another 7,000 troops at
the ready in the event some of the kids
decide to throw their stuffed animals
and a surprise survey companies have not
hired or invested because of the tax
cuts meanwhile car makers enraged about
regulation I decided to font fight
Trump's emissions rollback the enraged
about Reggie a regulation was facetious
christened cinema up in Arizona but the
Greens could play the spoiler role South
Carolina GOP asked the Trump
administration the right to deny Jews
the opportunity to be foster parents and
[Music]
the Kansas racists would be Ballmer
pleads the Trump defense all that and
more on today's program
ladies and gentlemen oh just wonderful
the days leading up to this midterm of
course will continue to be a a wealth of
riches on just how wretched and horrible
things can be ladies and gentlemen but
we are hoping to be here for you to make
it all the much more you know amusing
and take the edge off right sure of
course can hear it voices and see it on
our faces we're not taking any of this
particularly hard either one of the
reasons why we want to have la Coffman
on today to talk about this is because
of the sort of the the the the sense of
burnout and of relentlessness of what
we're going through and in some
instances hopelessness I mean right now
is a very difficult period of time as in
the lead-up to the midterm elections
because so much of what is going to take
place over the next two years is going
to be a function of what happens
with these elections at least in the
context of our government what we do is
it's up to us but certainly how much
folks can be on the defensive versus on
the offensive is going to be to some
extent a function of what happens in a
week I would suggest that if you are
feeling burnt out and distraught go out
and knock on some doors or tell some
people to vote or it's very easy to get
involved in a call bank you can go to
swing left I think has some pretty easy
stuff for just look on your local your
local candidates website but you can get
involved in some way and at the very
least it will channel some of your
anxiety into something that you know it
could be positive it's certainly not
going to be negative and so you know get
out there in the next week and and you
get to be around like-minded people
which is so important yes there's all
sorts of good reasons to do it and so
we'll be talking to la Coffman in a
moment I should tell you folks though
that in the meantime and I've said this
many times before one of the most
important things you can do for your
health every day is of course brush your
teeth right Matt hey Matt
I'm equip users yeah oh are you equip
user I am NOT I was leading I got a free
one I was late to equip I it shocking
how much it lives up to the ad copy but
not oh nice but not literally shocking
because quip does not have
a red key charger this was a huge like
bullet point so you can choose like to
talk about it probably when I was going
to talk today it's a it's a better
electric toothbrush that's created by
dentists and designers it was designed
to make brushing your teeth more simple
affordable and even enjoyable I've said
this many times before the best type of
toothbrush is an electric toothbrush
however the problem is many people don't
use them they buy them and they don't
use them why because what one of the
major reasons you put it on your sink
its clunky it Falls you're reaching for
you know to hit your soap and it falls
and then it's like oh god what am I
gonna do with this and then you're gonna
plug it in it's a problem qyp does not
require a clunky charger in fact it
requires no charger instead it runs for
three months on one battery that is in
the device and it's a thin battery
because it is not a clunky it is it is
very sleek li designed it fits in your
Dobb kit when you travel I always travel
with mine and it comes with a multi-use
cover that mounts to your mirror for a
less cluttered sink space these do not
work unless you use them and quip makes
it super easy to use it is the first
electric toothbrush accepted by the
American Dental Association all of that
is why I love my quip and they why they
are backed over by over 20,000 dental
professionals quip starts at just 25
bucks and if you go to get quip dot-com
slash majority right now you get your
first refill pack free with equip
electric toothbrush this is how it works
every three months you're supposed to
change your toothbrush head they will
send it to you so that you don't forget
to do it and you don't have to go out
and get it is super convenient like I
say the key to an electric toothbrush is
to use it and quip makes theirs super
easy to use you can get your first
refill pack for free at get quip g-e-t
q UI p comm slash majority
also there are job sites that send you
tons of the wrong resumes to sort
through and make you wait for the right
candidates to apply to your job that is
not smart folks I'll tell you another
thing personally that I think is not
smart
don't wait if you have a small business
in particular you have mid-sized
business you could probably afford to do
this but if you have a small business
like I do go out find potential
candidates right now create a database
you can keep it all super-easy how do
you do that go to zip recruiter dot-com
/ majority you will find the right
person and you'll get a sense of what
type of person you want to hire mid
sized business still a great move it
just means you don't have to do it when
you don't need it there's nothing worse
than having a small business and have
somebody say like I can't give you the
two weeks I'll give you like five days
and then you're screwed
zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them for
you it's powerful matching technology
scans thousands of resumes identifies
people with the right skills education
experience for your job and actively
invites them to apply let's say like
Brendon who came to us through zip
recruiter so you get qualified
candidates fast no more certain through
wrong resumes no more waiting for the
right candidates to apply this so i zip
recruiter rated number one by employers
in the US this rating comes from hiring
sites on trust pilot with over a
thousand reviews right now my listeners
can try zip recruiter for free at this
exclusive web address zip recruiter
dot-com slash majority zip recruiter
dot-com slash majority that zip
recruiter dot-com slash majority zip
recruiter it is the smartest way to hire
and lastly I've mentioned before and you
know this folks live in a news bubble
well one of today's sponsors is news
voice dot-com / majority news voice
deals with that problem of
epistemological closure I don't think
that's
a little look I don't think that's their
tagline it would be a little bit clunky
but that's basically what it is it it
it's an app for iOS and Android you can
access it for free like I say if you go
to news voice dot-com slash majority it
gives you a personalized news feed by
aggregating and this is what's important
to mix of mainstream media sources
international sources independent media
sources and multiple sources are
provided for each news story this is
basically how I prepare for the show I
get a story from the post I get a story
from The Times I go to alternate media
to get their take on it sometimes I'll
go to the local media and you read three
or four of these stories you get a
better sense of what's going on they
don't all jibe but that's a you know
that's part of being an educated news
reader the entire app is fueled by
crowdsourcing you can upvote stories you
think are important so more people will
see them you can add stories to the app
or you can add a source that's missing
for a story it's meant to be completely
open and democratized news aggregator
that lets you get every side of a story
they also have video interview series
featuring guests from hedges Chris
Hedges to Alexandria Acacio Cortez go
download the app for free at news voice
comm / majority I put that link under
this video if you're watching on YouTube
we've put it in our podcast if you're
listening to the show it is news voice
comm / majority all right let's get to
this the I got a text this morning from
a buddies like should I continue to
contribute to the Democrats if Trump
suspends the Constitution and he was
being a little flippant but Donald Trump
apparently in this conversation with
Jonathan Swain from Axios they have some
TV show called I don't know what and I
don't care and in this clip Swain is
clearly goading them on so there's a
part of this that is you know classic
Trump bravado like oh you're making a
challenge to me yes I'll meet it but
look they've been talking about this in
right-wing circles for a while Lindsey
Graham apparently came out and said oh
thank god somebody is fine look at this
here is Donald Trump being asked whether
they want to go after birthright
citizenship which is ensconced in our
Constitution under the 14th amendment
but there's actually such statutory
basis that precedes the 14th amendment
at least temporarily in this country
here is that exchange on immigration
some legal scholars believe you can get
rid of birthright citizenship without
changing the constitution the executive
order exactly right have you thought
about this tell me more it was always
told to me that you needed a
constitutional amendment you don't you
don't number one number one you don't
need that number two next thing just you
but that's very much as well you can
definitely do it with an act of Congress
but now they're saying I can do it just
with an executive order now how
ridiculous were the only country in the
world where a person comes in has a baby
and the baby is essentially a citizen of
the United States for 85 years with all
of those benefits it's ridiculous it's
ridiculous and it has to end
have you talked about that with counsel
yeah I have so we're in the process it's
in the process it'll happen do an
executive order that's what you're
talking about yes exactly I didn't think
anybody but knew that but me I thought I
was the only one Jonathan could guess
now he sort of grins and I think part of
it he grins because we can't see what
Jonathan Swain is doing when he says are
you doing I'm just like you know ya know
it's in the it's in the works that's why
I think he grins because I think Swain
looks at him like I know you're lying
and Trump knows that Swain knows that
he's lying and so he sort of little
smiles but there's no doubt that they
liked the idea of this being put out
there now and just a couple of things
that you should know because the
president is I don't want to say a
pathological liar because I think that
he has a reason
every time he lies but he's also he's
just a liar the like I said the
birthright citizenship is a is ensconced
in the 14th amendment all persons born
or naturalized the United States subject
to jurisdiction in the United States are
citizens the United States and the state
wherein they reside so if you are born
in the United States you are a citizen
of the United States and the state in
which you reside there's a we can go
into the weeds in terms of the
implications of jurisdiction but the
Fourteenth Amendment also contains an
exemption for people who are not within
the United States so you hear a lot like
oh this was only supposed to serve to to
make sure that slaves who were brought
to the United States became citizens and
there and there I should say their
descendants became citizens they wanted
to make sure that and that's all it's
limited to but if that's all it's
limited to then Congress would not have
seen fit to add these other exemptions
when Congress passes a law or in this
case a constitutional amendment and they
they specifically cite exemptions it is
more evidence that anybody not listed in
those exemptions are considered falling
under the auspices of the statute or the
amendment so the two exemptions are for
Native Americans because they don't
aren't subject to the same jurisdiction
as as non Native Americans because of
our relationship with these tribes and
children of diplomatic
representatives so if you're a diplomat
and you come over here with your you
know your spouse and you have a child
that child is not an American citizen
they're actually a citizen of your home
country diplomats also get away with
parking tickets New York City they get
away they have diplomatic immunity so
the Fourteenth Amendment was quite clear
about that there was also a law that was
passed the Civil Rights Act in 1866 that
preceded the Fourteenth Amendment this
is right after the Civil War this was
all part of Reconstruction and in the
course of the debates there it was quite
clear that they meant not just for freed
slaves or for slaves for ancestors of I
should say descendants of slaves but for
anybody born in the United States
there's a couple of law cases that
supported that back in the 1800s as well
one which allowed for the citizenship of
a child of a Chinese immigrant in
Chinese people were not even allowed to
naturalize at that time so it is well
entrenched in our law and in our
Constitution so he's talking out of his
ass but in addition to that where guess
what we're not the only country that has
this I'm going to read a list of other
countries that have this exact same
feature as if it made a difference
because this is in our Constitution you
never hear about people as saying like
you know other countries don't have
three houses and with three branches of
government what are we doing Antigua
Argentina Barbados Belize Bolivia Brazil
I'm still in the beasts Canada Chad
Chile Costa Rica Cuba Dominica Ecuador
El Salvador Fiji Grenada Guatemala
Guiana Honduras Jamaica let's say though
Mexico Nicaragua Pakistan Panama
Paraguay Peru
st. Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint
Vincent yes the Grenadines Trinidad and
Tobago tabouleh I didn't even know that
was it to view the United States of
course Uruguay and can you believe it
Venezuela well you know what the real
response to that list is gonna be oh
yeah Venezuela there you go folks
so we're not the only country that does
that as if that makes a difference we're
gonna take a quick break when we come
back we're going to be talking to LA
Kaufman on how to read a protest the art
of organizing and resistance we'll be
right back
you
we are back Sam cedar on the majority
report it's a pleasure to welcome to the
program La Coffman a longtime grassroots
organizer author of two books on her
latest how to read a protest the art of
organizing and resistance welcome to the
program la thanks so much for having me
Sam
all right just briefly tell us about
your experience I am quite sure that I
have participated in protests that you
have organized over the years well if
you've been to a number of Annette's
quite possible I've been an organizer
for more than 35 years at this point on
a wide range of issues but among the
things that I've done is I was the
mobilizing coordinator for what were
some of the largest protests in US
history the protests that attempted and
failed to stop the Iraq war back in 2003
2004 this new book that I've written is
partly a way of coming to terms with
what it means when you have huge numbers
of people out of the streets and you're
not quite sure what the impact was now I
mean your book basically comparison
contrast the 1963 march on Washington
with the woman's March from 2017 I guess
it was but before we get there I mean
let's talk a little bit about those Iraq
war protests because I was in there was
a couple in New York big ones and there
was a couple in DC and I I'm curious as
to like in and there were there were
other protests around the world at that
time too I mean I think there was one in
in in in London that was even bigger but
but give me your sense I mean give me
your assessment of of those like what
what were the implications of those
protests they obviously didn't stop the
war and and we sort of saw it coming
and you know there was a big wind-up to
that war but but give me your your just
a brief take on those right well the the
you probably were at the February 15th
thousand and three protests which was
there was a very large protest in New
York but it was also part of what still
stands as the largest single day of
coordinated protest in world history
there were millions of people marching
all over the world especially in Europe
but on all continents even in Antarctica
and it was you know a really massive
global uprising to say no to George
Bush's plans to go to war against Iraq
it was you know our best shot at the
time and it it didn't work it did not
stop him from from moving forward with
the war obviously and there were were
many more protests afterwards both after
the war began and in the months and
years to come
including a massive protest outside the
2004 Republican convention that I was
part of organizing which drew 800,000
people it's one of maybe the five
largest protests in US history
and that didn't stop George Bush from
being re-elected so it's it's a it was
very haunting at the time to feel like
we were absolutely in the right we had
mobilized this historic outpouring and
yet it didn't do the trick it didn't
really work as a pressure tactic and
part of when I went back and really
looked through the history of all the
major protests that have happened in the
US these are the big ones the ones that
are a hundred thousand or more pretty
much none of them worked as pressure
tactics we have this myth that they do
and we have this myth that the 63 March
the one where dr. King delivered his I
have a dream speech did that it somehow
led to the 64 Civil Rights Act and
