first I want to play this clip it is the
Governor of Kentucky Matt Bevins he is
on Trish Regan's show Fox and Fox News
or Fox Business I don't know when she
was filling in for Cavuto she was
filling in for Cavuto on fox news or fox
business or whatever it is and this is
in response to I think it's longer than
26 seconds isn't it
okay okay 326 all right that makes more
sense as you know the administration the
Trump administration released its
guidance for Medicaid work requirements
or so-called Community Engagement that's
what it's called community engagement
it's going to allow ten states which are
pursuing the policy of requiring their
Medicaid recipients to work and this is
an attempt by these states to justify
calling their roles you should know that
eight and ten Medicaid beneficiaries of
working age already live in a family
where there is at least one worker okay
the Kaiser Family Foundation has found
that the most Medicaid beneficiaries who
are not working are sick or disabled
however they don't meet the incredibly
tough stringent standards of Social
Security disability where it's like
almost like a two-year waiting period to
be considered disabled enough to get
Social Security what this is going to do
is it's going to lard up the medicaid
process for everybody you're going to
have to not just prove that you have a
now you're going to have to consistently
prove that you have a job you're going
to have to make sure that the government
is recording this information correctly
you're going to have to continue you
know so anything that you mail that gets
lost anything that you write in anything
at work I mean look this happens all the
time we have a small operation here and
there's always at least one screw-up but
here is matt bevin's trying to justify
this and we're going to pick apart some
of the lies as we go hours ago Kentucky
becoming the first state to get approval
to require Medicaid recipients to work
the state's Republican governor Matt
Bevin joins me right now by phone and
governor Bevin you're getting some
criticism for this why do you think it's
the right thing to do it's interesting
criticism always comes from liberals
they have no solutions they are writing
failed policies positive for one second
the solution is Medicaid at the very
least you are sitting in a state that
has one of the most popular Obama care
programs in the country okay well they
have no solutions they are writing
failed policies but anybody who would
propose an alternative is quick to
receive their scorn I believe it's the
right thing to do because I grew up in
poverty I grew up with no access to
health care coverage for the first
20-something years of my life I was an
active duty Army officer before I ever
had access and I understand that as
plaza administer in other words I wasn't
I didn't have access to government
health care so I want to screw other
people and then I went and I got
government health care and that was fine
Strader Verma put it the other day it is
absolutely soft bigotry low expectations
is not what people in America need the
dignity that people get and receive from
the opportunity to do for themselves to
be engaged in their own health outcome
is what ultimately leads to better
health outcomes when people say that was
it so easy of Matt Bevins here is
suggest
thing that maybe we would all feel
better about ourselves if we had all be
just become our own doctors as well you
know this is the equivalent of the Paul
Ryan kids feel better if they have their
own lunch packed story yes except for
we're also I mean let's be honest folks
you can go in you can have your surgeon
take out your tonsils or do that remove
your appendix but aren't you gonna feel
just a little bit better about yourself
if you do it yourself engaged in your
own healthcare outcome is a really good
euphemism for run the risk of being
bankrupt medically yeah exactly by Alex
Jones products the interest in anything
they are more likely to care about it to
utilize it and to get the maximum value
from it I am utterly convinced from
personal experience that having that
opportunity is the greatness of America
and we owe it to people to give them
that chance to improve their lives you
know part of the problem with welfare is
that it becomes a bit of a trap and you
know it you can't go to work because
you're getting that much from the
government and then you just want more
from the government it's that much
harder to go to work you think about say
a single mom who makes a rational
decision perhaps to stay home because
she may have more money coming in to her
via the state via the federal government
than if she would actually go to work
and have to pay for daycare and have to
pay for gas etc etcetera and be away
from her kids so it seems to me that
there should be some kind of in-between
system governor where we're doing what
we can to help people to help themselves
and is this one way pause it pause it
now now listen yeah I don't know where
trish regan comes from but it must be a
land where people aren't very bright
well I guess you works for Fox News
first off Medicaid is not a cash payment
Medicaid provides you with health care
so there's no scenario where you're like
Amen I'm getting free health care so I'm
just gonna go and spend it all at the
supermarket or Amen I'm getting free
health care that means or or Bahamas
here I come
even need that treatment guys got it
he's free a lot of my tonsils removed
why free ice cream dude dude I'm getting
that cancer treatments you know what
that means new car hey why get the chemo
brah
cuz it's free you don't have cancer
they'll do it hey hey I'm getting there
they're checking mom they're checking me
for colon cancer
don't need to go to work now you know
like what is like this is this doesn't
even as much as their little as their
welfare they're their fantasy that
there's some type of like huge checks
being cut to people and then this idea
that like look and then so so that's the
sort of like the biggest level of
stupidity that one could express in this
argument that she just expressed but the
second one was she's saying like isn't
there something in between where you
don't make that calculation that it's
actually cheaper to stay at home or make
you make more money by staying home than
versus work in any system where you're
going to have a cutoff for eligibility
you're gonna run into this problem it is
completely unavoidable even if you were
to allow let's say let's we're gonna do
a 10% bump on either side and start to
start to diminish it as you go you're
gonna run into that problem at any point
where you have a cut-off the only the
only thing that you're talking about is
maybe something like maybe a universal
basic income which doesn't take into
account any type of cutoff that could
help you or how about this how about
free daycare
how about government-sponsored free
daycare and government sponsored health
care and government sponsored guarantee
of housing and then then there wouldn't
be this calculation people could just go
to work if that's what's so important
Trish continued oh and is this one way
via this Medicaid reform a way of doing
that absolutely Trish and I'll tell you
it's interesting this is the first
federal entitlement
a form that we've seen since the mid 90s
this is this is going to be
transformative not just for Kentucky but
as a model for the nation because it
will give millions of people who are in
that trap that you've just described the
opportunity to get out Medicaid and
other entitlement programs were not
intended to be life destinations they
were not intended to be dead ends
they were intended to be transitory
situations for certainly able-bodied
people people with alternatives we want
to provide those alternatives to them
and one of the things in this waiver is
exactly that the ability to come
alongside existing requirements in
transition people to the private sector
transition them to traditional and
commercial healthcare provided by
employers because they're out there
working and if for some reason that
employer program is not the same that
they would have gotten under Medicaid
that will come alongside and make up the
difference costing the taxpayer and I
just want to point out you know for your
sake that if for example you had a
single month or that couldn't work
you're not gonna force her to work and
you know perhaps take the kids in tow to
that and somebody who was very very ill
and couldn't work that person is well
we're not before so you're talking about
able-bodied people that have time on
their hands that could do it yeah except
for they don't have a job per se I mean
in a way the chyron is right but it says
this is a result of liberal policies
that are bad not in the way that this
guy means it but the idea of means
testing entitlement programs instead of
having broad social programs liberals
have been doing it for years under the
banner of saving money and what that
does is it makes these programs much
more vulnerable to attack yep because
not as many people care about them when
they don't apply to as many people it
divides up the working class because the
the threshold is always too low always
so there's always going to be people who
are directly above it who resent the
ones below it that's what we saw that
with Obamacare to a certain extent you
go up to 100 and
3% of poverty under Obamacare to the
extent that the states took that and
there's a lot of people who are at like
135 percent of poverty who are like I've
got to go in the exchanges now yeah and
you've got people like Hillary Clinton
out there saying that single-payer will
never ever come to pass and mocking the
idea that there could be any kind of
broad-based social program that
millionaires kids are gonna take
advantage of that's not all right and
then it's not that far-fetched to say
you can draw a line from those kinds of
policies to the Republican attack on
Medicaid right now I just would really
like to see everybody in that clip be
homeless that's like my new look is yeah
but you know what you're just long as
you don't have that's the thing it's you
don't have the empathy to understand
that's true what happens when you're
trapped by getting health insurance
that's a great point no I actually do
have second I had this I had this I'm
realizing through watching all these
clips that I had this unbelievably
luxurious child it's my family had
things like housing subsidy you don't
die trapped heat you were in you were in
those really Liberatore wasn't like the
heat and electricity were turned off
mm-hmm I felt a lot greater sense of
responsibility as a ten-year-old like I
said here's more specific data on just
who is working you have 25 million non
Social Security disabled adults between
19 and 64 who are enrolled in Medicaid
in 2016 25 million Americans 6 in 10 are
working themselves 8 and 10 so 2 more
per family are in families with at least
one worker two-thirds with a full-time
worker and another 14% with a part-time
worker so you're talking about 2 in 10
who are in a family with no worker and
of those the majority of those 2 in 10
are either disabled enough or sick
enough that they can't work but not
disabled enough
to be on SSI and then it's quite
possible that one in ten who are on
Medicaid they can't find work but let's
say let's say that one in ten are just
living large I get to be on Medicaid and
I don't have to work I get to be on
Medicaid and I can sit here and do
nothing cuz I got no money and I can
just lounge around here and just wait
till I get sick and then I can go get
health care if I can get down to the
hospital that covers my Medicaid because
I don't have any money to even take the
public transportation to get there like
the the dream in these people's heads as
opposed to what they're really doing
which is larding up the system making it
harder for people to access it period
end of story
and they don't want to do this they
don't want to do this in a frontal way
because when they cut Medicaid they know
there is some pushback also I have
plenty of solutions I resent that like
put the governor in a gulag as an
example rip that woman out of her
apartment
Reeves procreate it for the common good
and put her in a gulag as well I've a
lot of policy innovation ideas here okay
they're gonna have to also work in the
gulag so that they have a sense of pride
about no I don't want them to be trapped
in a system where they're just in a
gulag all day and I've got their milk I
don't want them to feel disempowered I
will be a little Skippy on the health
care though hi folks Sam cedar here we
still need your help on our patreon page
YouTube ABS have come back but not
nearly as much as we had before so if
you can help us out any little bit helps
head over to our patreon page right at
this URL and you'll help us keep helping
you by making videos
